  even if they could defeat greece and bulgaria , they would n't be able to conquer `` all of europe '' . 
  besides , they would need much time to conquer greece - and i dont i think they could even if it was just 1vs 1 . 
  they would n't ever get in . 
  we know it , and they know it too . 
  now , they are just acting accordingly . 
  we revolted cause the king raised the taxes , so we said `` you 're not a good king , no more '' xd . 
  i get what you are saying , but you should see that we only had this union because , legally speaking , philip was the rightful heir to the portuguese throne . 
  hence , the portuguese were subjects to a foreign king , but not to a foreign nation . 
  being a subject to something , demands a juridical relation . 
  obviously , i 'm not denying that castile 's influence , but that does n't we were subjects . 
  germany has far greater influence than portugal in the eu , but that does n't mean we are subjects of germany . 
  i think the eastern part of ukraine is very nice this time of the year . 
  you 'll have a blast !, 
  no , we were ` nt . 
  it merely was 2 crowns concentrated in the same person . 
  it was philip the second in spain , and the first in portugal . 
  imagine that i storm my national assembly with the mp 's there . 
  i force them to sign the constitution that i drafted . 
  in my constitution , i say that everybody likes midget porn . 
  would you think its fair to say afterwards that the portuguese society likes midget porn ? 
  like i said , you have a very legalist definition . 
  your pov reminds me of the perspective of some german authors from the beginning of the xxth century . 
  dictatorships have constitutions , but that does n't mean they express a social consensus . 
  just because something is , from the legal standpoint , formally correct - approved by a national assembly , for example , it does n't mean they are right . 
  that is a very legalist definition . 
  society isnt the same as constitution . 
  til : hitler , salazar , franco , mussolini , were n't european . 
  if they important to `` many other people '' , i would n't argue that the society as a whole `` has moved past that '' . 
  hey !, 
  also did the survey . 
  hope its useful for you . 
  if you post the results here , do you mind tagging me ? 
  yeah , i understood it fine . 
  you are right . 
  think its a europe wide problem . 
  we too , i read somewhere , get our gas mainly from russia . 
  out of sight , out of mind . 
  it 's really not ( our ) problem . 
  ask our german overlords for some $ $ . 
  i dont know how you can understand 70 % of german knowing basic latin . 
  portuguese is a romance language and i can not understand anything written in german . 
  but even still , if we were to learn 3 languages , most of us would n't speak french either way . 
  one would speak its native language , english as a second language , and then the 3rd language would be something related to geography . 
  i would learn spanish . 
  someone from finland would learn swedish , a pole would probably learn german and so on . 
  d'accord . 
  we should probably learn every other language of the eu too . 
  i mean , why french/portuguese and not spanish or italian ? 
  hahah , the french language is n't as important as english in the eu . 
  and i was never asked if i could speak french to get a job . 
  i 'll learn your language when you learn mine . 
  language is the least of the eu 's problems . 
  its really a non issue.we are discussing things in english . 
  obviously not everybody speaks english , but its the second language of most . 
  anyway , life 's too short to learn french or german . 
  given that he is catalan , his say on the future of catalonia is far more important than what you think . 
  lets not make this a trend . 
  any kind of iberian confederation/federation is n't going to happen . 
  dual monarchy - absolutely preposterous . 
  i 'm absolutely against any kind of iberian federation , but if you are going to make a flag about it , at least make it pretty . 
  anyway , one idea should be using the old portuguese flag ( white and blue ) which is similar to the galician . 
  the idea of the iberian lynx is also interesting . 
  there 's more difference between you and france , than between us . 
  you are poor too , bro . 
  all flags are political as i tried to say - some may reflect the status quo , but they are all political . 
  evora 's flag is the best . 
  https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89vora#/media/file:coa_of_%c3%89vora_municipality_ ( portugal ) . png, 
   flags are above all , symbols and they do represent ideals . 
  but they do !, 
  why does the spanish flag has a crown ? 
  you 've got an spanish republican flag and ( obviously ) it does n't have a crown . 
  the flags , its colors , its shapes do represent something - just look at how many muslim countries have a crescent in their flags , and how many european flags have crosses in them . 
  surely you understand that if i wanted to break away from spain , i would n't use a spanish flair . 
  flags are above all , symbols and they do represent ideals . 
  the flag of the us represented a political ideal : that the us should be independent from gb . 
  the current french flag is linked with the republicanism , unlike its predecessor . 
  i do understand that the catalans , wanting independence or not , can use the catalonian flag - i just dont see an offense in wanting to use another flag . 
  if the flag is real and has some kind of popular support , i dont see why it should be banned . 
   also , there is a quote in spanish that says `` your freedom ends where mine starts '' . 
  its a saying here too , and i suspect its used elsewhere too . 
  i just dont get why a flag that is meant to represent one side of the contend is somehow disrespectful . 
  one can be respectful and still prefer the flag which represents their views the most . 
  `` agenda '' - i dont have a horse in this race . 
  if catalunya is independent , good for them , if they remain apart of spain , good for them too . 
  i just fundamentally dislike people who are offended , because other people 's ideals are different than them . 
  your intolerance is palpable . 
  yeah , comparing a nation that wants to vote for its independence with the nazis is not abusive at all . 
  but its funny that you mention the nazis : contrary to what you and certain german scholars of the xx century thought , law its n't the same as morality . 
  my point still stands : how sensitive must you be to be `` disrespected '' by other user 's flags - particularly , because its obvious which flag `` disrespects '' you the most . 
  and quite frankly , it makes you look petty . 
  poor you , offended by other people 's ideological beliefs . 
  spanish workers get to enjoy a good paycheck , and your auntie gets to enjoy the sun . 
  win-win for all . 
  everybody knows finland does n't exist . 
  of course its discrimination . 
  i find it fascinating that you dont see it that way . 
  imagine this : i host a white male only party . 
  dont you think its discrimination ? 
  imagine also that i 've own a `` bus '' company - i 've got white male only buses and buses for `` other '' people . 
  dont you see a problem there ?
