  that is not a union that interests me . 
  if a military intervention is needed to save portuguese lives , i expect a portuguese military reaction . 
  we 've got many friends around the globe - in europe and outside europe . 
  besides , if the world is n't safe its due to some european powers that think that everything is their business . 
  its not . 
  i did ` nt mention the brits . 
  how many problems were created by the superpowers trying to play toy soldiers in the middle east ? 
  i think its best we stay out of the conflict - invervention makes more harm than good . 
  i disagree ; not only in this matter of external policy but as a whole ; different countries have different interests ( eurobonds , quantitive easy , for example ) . 
  its hard , in this case , to find a single european interest . 
  netherlands and germany dont want it , southern europeans do . 
  which is the `` european '' interest here ? 
  sometimes we cant find a common goal . 
  there is no need to be offensive , mate . 
  you might not agree with my opinions and that is fair enough , but my opinions as are valid as yours . 
  islamic state controls de facto the country . 
  france and other countries have bombed libya . 
  did the libya government that you claim that exists want that ? 
  libya does n't have a functional government - how can it `` ask '' for help . . 
  there are so many countries that are in dire straights right now . 
  libya , syria , iraq , afghanistan and so on . 
  libya is very close to italy and is amid a armed conflict with islamic radicals . 
  tell me why is mali 's situation more serious than libya 's ? 
  if you say they are the same and european intervention as a whole should happen in both countries , well , we did n't sign up to be the cops of the world . 
  you presented arguments about the importance of a `` strong '' mali saying it was a `` european '' interest to keep it that way . 
  i dispute that its a `` european '' interest because it does not affect my country . 
  that is it . 
  perhaps i misunderstood you . 
  i said the eu as whole does not have an interest in mali . 
  france has and it is able to put a `` european '' label on it . 
  we dont receive any migrants , so its not my interest is it ? 
  the middle east is screwed for generations to come . 
  syria , lybia , yemen , iraq , afghanistan . 
  all have incredibly hurdles to face . 
  any of these countries can create `` turbulence '' geopolitically speaking . 
  do you defend that we should simply shout eu and let slip the dogs of war on them all ? 
  dont get me wrong , i dont see a problem with spain in the near future , we are very amigos . 
  i 'm just saying given our privileged location , our only `` natural '' enemies are them . 
  given that we are amigos , we have no defence concerns . 
  by all means , if you want to do something about it , you join with the french and the germans . 
  portugal 's previous generations have seen too much war . 
  i wont be apart of one , and if it was my choice , not one portuguese life would be wasted . 
  dont get me wrong - i dont want to intervene anywhere - that is my point . 
  i dont want to fight , simply put . 
  and we dont have to fight . 
  if other nations wan na play toy soldiers , let em . 
  but i dont want us to be apart of it . 
  if the criteria to intervene is based on the security of our common borders , it makes no sense to intervene in car or mali . 
  they might ask for help , and france might intervene , but this is not a `` us '' business this is `` your '' business . 
  diplomatically speaking i think we are pretty strong . 
  that is why the un secretary is portuguese . 
  we had support from the eu of course , but our main backers were the chinese . 
  whenever we `` compete '' against other nations in these kind of international votations , we normally are able to gobble up support in sa and most of africa . 
  we dont have `` hard power '' but we 've got some soft power . 
   on the other hand , portugal could realistically achieve eu support should it focus its diplomatic efforts within the eu to follow them . 
  i cant quite comprehend what you are saying here ; are you saying that we would get more support by following the eu ? 
  dont quite get that . 
  in one way , diplomatically speaking , being in the eu does harm us . 
  i remember some time ago , juncker said we should give up our `` privileged '' relations with angola , for example . 
  i suspect you are from a `` bigger country '' ; the thing is that countries simply dont have the same interests - regarding eurobonds , quantitive easy and so on . 
  if my countries interests collide with the ones of `` bigger countries '' , it wont be my country that will prevail . 
  that is what i fear . 
  my country being a vassal to other countries . 
  on paper we will be equals of course , but as we like to say over here `` all equal , but some are more equals than others '' . 
  i dont want to sound that i hate europe - i like very much visiting other countries - but a german or a french are the same to me as an american . 
  there is no stronger bond , at least for me . 
  i 'm not arguing that what happens in northern countries does n't affect my country - im just saying we could perfectly `` free ride '' the situation . 
  we dont have an eu army , yet . 
  we 've got some heavy cooperation but there is still not a unified army . 
  i 'm just saying that i dont want any portuguese life to be lost fighting god knows where for god knows who . 
  if the portuguese army is to see `` action '' it should be to protect our interests , and only our interests . 
  we dont have interests in mali or car . 
  neither car or mali pose a threat to `` our '' colective security . 
  there are many places where radical groups seize the power . 
  there is no need for any kind of intervention . 
  besides , we seem to not learn anything from history . 
  many of these conflicts we engage with noble intention backfire tremendously . 
  we do more harm than good . 
  i 'm not `` criticing our ination '' . 
  im just stating a double standart . 
  where french has interests , `` europe '' should intervene . 
  boko haram controls a part of nigeria . 
  its influence might be shrinking but its there . 
  and when it was bigger nobody was defending an intervention . 
  1 ) i 'm not a fan of the eu ( clearly . . xd ) because i think european integration will be made by the canibalization of smaller states like my own . 
  but of course we 've benefitted from eu in general from a economic pov . 
  2 ) the migrant crisis is a problem of germany , sweden and other northern countries . 
  we can not do anything on that regard - they dont want to come here , lucky us . 
  ukraine crisis is not our concern again . 
  if putin swallows ukraine , we ( us , french , german , so on ) would live on . 
  3 ) we were friends with spain before the eu came along . 
  its not because of the eu that we are amigos . 
  `` we '' got more refugees from nigeria - but `` we '' dont `` intervene '' there . 
  what happened to my country with `` the current crisis '' ? 
  yeah , but its not car citizens that pose a threat to `` our '' borders and the shengen agreement . 
  its the economic migrants from nigeria - if there was a place for a `` colective '' intervention either diplomatic or military , it should be in the country that can actually cause instability to us . 
  `` we '' should n't be the police of the world . 
  but , if not to stem refugees why is there a need for a intervention ? 
  if they are not threatening `` our '' borders , its not `` our '' concern . 
  it might be france 's it might be canada 's , but not its not europe 's concern .
