  it has worked so far because countries had aligned interests which made agreements far easier . 
  today this is not the case . 
  the eu faces many problems and there 's a divide between the south ( lead by france ) and the north ( lead by germany ) . 
  given how things are , i find a consensus very hard to achieve . 
  this state of paralysis will only contribute to the eu 's downfall . 
  anyway , happy europe 's day !, 
  yeah , im looking at the interactive map right now . 
  anyway , it 's east to me given that i 'm from portugal - everything is east . 
  its too eastern for me !, 
  everything after germany/austria is russia . 
  second post today about americans hating the eu and wanting to break it up . 
  i think this stems for the fact that a lot of people in this subreddit refuse to believe that there is a sizable percentage of europeans that dislike the european union and dont want their countries to be apart of a larger federation . 
  i believe those treaties would also apply to france . 
  as a european who knows nothing about geography ( my knowledge of european countries ends near austria ) i find this pretty amusing . 
  its not legal , of course . 
  `` alabama neoconfederacy '' , `` colorized '' , `` eu army soldiers '' . 
  damn . 
  such a small text and so many things that annoy me . 
  yes.dont forget we are lazy , drunk and we only spend money on football and women . 
  that is silly , industry is great , but you can have an economy based on services . 
  i 'm not getting your question , sorry . 
  our economy isnt based on the `` technology of tomorrow '' . 
  we are not a industrial economy . 
  we 're based on services . 
  and we 've got a ton of people who depend on `` painting old houses and building 5 story buildings '' . 
  in a time when our economy needs people working and paying taxes , of course this is a lifeline for us . 
  im not sure if you are being ironic or not , but it truly is something that is important to us . 
  first of all , because we 've got a huge ( as a french you should know this ) number of people that works in construction that were unemployed . 
  second , and this is visible across the country but particulary in porto and lisbon , google about it ) is that we 've had a bunch of degraded buildings that are seeing a knew life with the influx of foreign capital . 
  besides , we are a economy built for services , more people with money , more services and jobs . 
  some times favorable tax regimes are what keep smaller countries competitive . 
  we 've received a ton of foreign investiment ( that we need ) due to giving some tax breaks . 
  we were able to boost our real estate market and tons were jobs were and are being created . 
  in the time that we live in , they are a lifeline to our economy . 
  we need it and we can not afford to let it go . 
  perhaps its because of the gypsies ? 
  while its a big no-no being racist regarding black people or other , being racist towards gypsies is quite normal . 
  this is simply not a simple matter between `` 2 states of the eu '' - the term itself does n't make sense since `` one '' of the states is the eu itself . 
  a third party court to resolve disputes is what makes more sense - but i think that is the eu that does n't want it . 
  thats what the eu courts should do , not what they ( sometimes ) do . 
  there 's a study about , if you are interested in the matter . 
  im too lazy to google , but if you search for it , you 'll find it . 
  yes , of course - but that is regarding to the legislation that is already `` in place '' . 
  what i 'm saying is that the eu courts should n't have a say on the terms of the `` divorce '' and its interpretation - that is more of a political matter between `` two '' states . 
  it does n't make sense in a agreement between state a and state b , that the courts of state a can `` issue '' ( is it the correct word ? ), 
  valid rulings . 
  is the cost of moving the eu agencies that important in the grand scheme of things ? 
  ; hardly unlikely that uk accepts the rulings of the eu courts in this matter - why should they ? 
  besides , eu courts are deeply flawed , and in my opinion one of the reasons of the dire state of the eu . 
  they actively try to push for further integration when its not their task to do so . 
  residence and other rights of eu citizens in the uk , thats what the negotiators should be concerned . 
  it would certainly reshape europe , but would bring everything but stability . 
  hey !, 
  what moved you both towards the fn ? 
  why do you think your party is the most capable to solve france 's problems ? 
  how do you see how the ideal relationship between france and europe should be ? 
  i disagree with this vision completely . 
  if the main objective of the eu is having an european parliament which represents all the european citizens , it must admit that some people and some members of the european parliament do not believe in such project . 
  furthermore , given they are equal to other members of different parties , they should have the same rights , and that includes pay . 
  to deny them this right is to deny democracy . 
  yep . 
  its easy to be altruistic when your country has all the military superiority . 
  when odds are even or not in your favor , things are tricky . 
  i 'll never fight for anyone but pt and my countrymen . 
  we can agree that some economic policies particulary those after 1945 , were wrong and were harmful in the long run . 
  i can agree with pretty much all you said . 
  we need to bear in mind that salazar was in power for almost 4 decades . 
  he did many things right and many things wrong . 
  but i think we can all agree that everything he did was n't motivated by personal greed ( unlike pretty much all dictators ) , and he did what he thought was best for the country . 
  i think we can all respect that . 
  we were economically and culturally poor 150 years before that . 
  he made the best lemonade with the lemons he had . 
  we even got growths of over 10 % per year . 
  i doubt much better was possible . 
  im not saying that things were good back then . 
  one of the best things the revolution brought us was the nhs which improved our healthcare massively . 
  we also made great progress in our education system . 
  i just cant accept the `` poorest population '' argument . 
  you made it seem like it was salazar 's fault . 
  we were the poorest population in western europe for over 150 year . 
  hell , we still are the poorest western europe country . 
  he received a shitty country and he was able to made it less shitty . 
  does it mean things were good back then ? 
  but he made the best lemonade with the lemons he had . 
  regarding the emigration to escape poverty - that also happens in this decade . 
  were we poor then ( and now . . ) ? 
  absolutely . 
  but you need to take in consideration the country he had when he first came to power and how he left it . 
  when salazar first came into power , we had a huge economic and financial crisis . 
  he was able to turn the economy around and we saw a huge economic growth - some years we had a economic growth of 5,6,7 and sometimes we even reached a economic growth of over 10 % . 
  was this enough to get us to the level of our european friends ? 
  but again , we need to take in consideration the country he got when he first came to power - obviously , economically , he left a far better country than the one he received . 
  you say it was a `` war nobody wanted '' . 
  that is simply not true . 
  we had over a 1.000.000 portuguese in the colonies . 
  we needed to fight for them and their interests . 
  some of them , were in africa for many decades or centuries and it was a shame what the carnation revolution did to them . 
  it was their land too and all of the sudden they were told they needed to leave asap . 
  more : salazar was absolute genius regarding foreign policy . 
  his handling of the world war 2 was perfect .
