  spain would suffer a lot too if a break with catalonia did n't happen in a orderly manner . 
  and spain is not in a position to suffer too . 
  neither is the european union - that is way secession to happen , it must happen now . 
  simply because spain/eu can not play hardball . 
  why should n't they be independent ? 
  they are one different people , like us . 
  the only difference between us and them is that we were able to win our battles . . 
  do you think the eu can afford to keep catalonia out ? 
  eu has so many fires it needs to put out right now , they cant give any shit to catalonia . 
  what kind of help are you talking about ? 
  baltic countries are so far away , i couldnt care less about them . 
  there is no difference for me between a russian , a lithuanian or a ukrainian for that matter . 
  they are not my countrymen , i would n't risk my life for them . 
  the baltic is a problem of baltic countries . 
  if russia swallowed the baltic , poland and so on i could n't care less . 
  i doubt any of my countrymen would mind too , at least to the point of wanting to do something about it . 
  think the greeks and spanish would feel the same . 
  every country has their own agenda.my country ( pt ) has many historic ties with china . 
  plus , they brought a immense amount of investment to our country . 
  i feel would have far more liberty with them , than what we would have with berlin . 
  well , personally , i prefer being ruled by beijing than by berlin . 
  a nation like mine will never be big on the international stage . 
  the chinese investiment we 've been getting has been very important to us - if we are to be servants best to be with the ones who treat us better . 
  yeah , we have that same surname too : matamouros , 
  we do not have many muslims , here . 
  personally , i 've never met or seen one . 
  our geographical location has its perks . . 
  surprised to see any gree regarding roma people . 
  you are from that underwater city ? 
  i 'm not butthurt , russian . 
  so this is a world war ii joke . 
  see my first comment then . 
  yes , perhaps its my fault , i really dont understand what the purpose of this is . 
  can you eli5 ? 
  i would say this is extremely insulting given that at least one person has died today on charlottesville due to the protests . 
  it always seemed surprising to me that spain remained unscathed of the refugee crisis , given how close they are to africa . 
  turkey started the accession process decades ago . 
  it lead nowhere . 
  and will always lead nowhere . 
  matter of fact , for most people , i would argue , turkey is n't apart of europe . 
  one might argue that a fraction of it is , but the bulk of it is n't . 
  moreover , even if by chance , they would be able to fulfill every criteria they need to join the eu , some countries would be able to veto their entrance . 
  exactly !, 
  we find think on it , we could probably imagine something of him that fits a country . 
  another : greedy like someone from luxembourg ( ok , that should be switzerland , but given that they are n't in the eu , you go for the next best thing ) . 
  nothing will ever represent the 28 countries . 
  a building or a bridge represent one or two countries max . 
  our lord cristiano represents far more than that . 
  besides , if we get cris on the euro bill , he one ups messi one more time , and that is something good in itself . 
  i doubt the ocean will attack us . 
  there is nothing to discuss . 
  whatever happens in god knows where , with god knows who , for god knows what , matters to none . 
  cristiano ronaldo , he represents us all . 
  portuguese in name , living in spain , german in athleticism , irish and dutch in tax evasion matters , and he has the manners of a frenchman . 
  there is a principle of reciprocity : if you dont extradite to a country , that country wont extradite a person to your country . 
  so basically , you are asking for , in your example , to a saudi be tried according to german law , but also that a german be extradited from saudi arabia , to face german law . 
  my country also does n't extradite to countries that have the death penalty , but expects said countries to do the same . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure . 
  we 've got plenty of brazilians here , our soap operas are mostly brazilian , we listen plenty of brazilian music , and so on . 
  on the contrary , german influence is negligeable . 
  yes , of course , culturally speaking we are closer to a spanish or a italian than a chinese . 
  we also are far closer to brazilians than to germans . 
  but , for me , brazilians , spanish , or whatever nationality you wan na think of , are foreigners just the same . 
  i 'm only portuguese and i identify only as such . 
  culturally we are closer to a spaniard than a chinese , of course . 
  but that does n't mean i feel closer to a spanish that a chinese : both are foreigners to me , just the same . 
  let those who never travelled in their life cast the first stone . 
  * we aint no espanoles !, 
  but we are melancholic, 
  we have common culture aspects with you , but i feel we are closer to brazilians . 
  i require no lesson on my history . 
  we `` founded '' many countries so naturally they have our culture , hence they are closer to us , than other europeans . 
  i dont agree with you . 
  culturally speaking , we are far closer to brazilians , than french or germans . 
  i understand that . 
  but for me , one thing is the jur\u00eddical element , the other is the emotional element . 
  i really dont feel european . 
  i dont . 
  i would never say `` i 'm european '' . 
  i 'm from portugal ( caralho ! ) . 
  for me a spanish , french or german is just as foreigner as a american or a chinese . 
  there 's no different or special bond because of it . 
  there is respect , but there is difference between us . 
  you do know that there is a difference between people moving freely and tanks moving freely , right ? 
  i stopped watching when it said `` the strongest army '' . 
  that is not even remotely true . 
  if russia invaded the baltics , if not for the us , europe would be powerless . 
  `` i just assumed , well , these are all eu countries , or nato countries , it should be like going from florida to virginia on i-95 . '', 
  how can someone get to be the commander of us troops in europe without knowing the difference between eu countries and us states , is mindboggling, 
  i hope these people stay true to themselves and never go abroad . 
  north korea is the best korea . 
  and your children !, 
  i 'm quite eurosceptic but this is ridiculous . 
  yeah , thanks for the correction , mate . 
  this is very accurate . 
  although , it could be added something about trump . 
  yeah , its closer to ceuta . 
  good point , completely forgot about it . 
  cheers , this is a nice map . 
  should n't a part of morocco be yellow , given that they are closest to gibraltar which is part of the uk ?
