  they should need it - many of them dont , though . 
  what is the point of having a minister that doesnt dominate his field ? 
  unless you agree with the other user thesis that is just about given the office to a member of the party . 
  the fact that there is a ministery proves that there 's some importance to it - some other important matters are just secretaries of state . 
  still , i disagree . 
  high offices like these should be `` taken '' by experts ; if we expect a minister of finance to know something about finances , a minister of defense should know something about the military . 
  i think there is a tendency to put a cute female minister to show that a country is `` peaceful '' and `` progressive '' - that is not what we should be aiming for . 
  if you want peace , you must prepare for war . 
  obviously that in the xxi it is n't necessary to be planning invasions and battles 24/7 but it doesnt ' hurt to know something about the subject . 
  in my country , i dont remember a defense minister who was apart of the military ; honestly i dont understand why that is ; most people that held that office in my country look like they dont know what a gun looks like it . 
  this relocation `` plan '' is doomed to fail . 
  even if you were able to relocate these people , you can not control if they stay or leave your country . 
  it 's germany and sweden that will get the brunt of this crisis - one way or another . 
  what the eu should do , is use it 's armed forces to stop the smugglers - this will have a political price , but its better than the death by papercuts `` we '' are currently enduring . 
  they 've got so much power in french politics , its ridiculous imo . 
  you 'll get most of them with germany . 
  we try to get people to get here , but they simply leave to your country . 
  sorry , mate , you are on your own . 
  he basically wanted to say that portugal 's independence was related to luck and given that all other kingdoms formed a `` united '' spain , portugal should have been part of it too . 
  anyway , i would n't take that poll too seriously - as far as i know , there is only one institute that makes these kind of polls , the institute of salamanca , which is spanish . 
  there is a problem with it too : the question they ask is if the portuguese would like to have further integration with spain . 
  if i was asked if i wanted to deepen my relations with spain , i would answer positively . 
  but if i was asked if i wanted to be apart of a spanish federation , my answer would be no . 
  anyway , i like very much spain , and i plan to go there this summer again , but i 'm very happy with my country as it is - and i believe most of my countrymen prefer things to stay as they are . 
  to be honest , that depends . 
  i had a mate from spain that studied gere on erasmus , and he was quite vocal about a ib\u00e9ria federation , he talked about us as a `` historic mistake '', 
  i knew that , but i forgot to do it in this comment . 
  anyway , thank you for your help !, 
  joke 's on you , they own our electricity grid company . 
  they own us , mate , they own us !, 
  1 ) regarding the first part , it would be impossible to be voted on the same day , given that ( most ) countries have rules that state that this kind of stuff , must go trough parliament . 
  2 ) regarding the eurozone parliament - it would strike me as odd if the monetary and the fiscal were in the hands of two different independent institutions , capable of making `` contrary '' decisions ; 3 ) at this point and time it seems highly unlikely to me that this `` eu-wide '' referendum would pass in every country , which means that deeper integration would happen with those who want it , according to you/macron - butt i 'm left to wonder , what if it is a eeurozone member that says no ? 
  he will have the same monetary policy , but a different fiscal one , effectively negating what the others are trying tto achieve . 
  plus , we cant forget that a `` big '' couuntry could say no , and in that case , this would be off the table as well . 
  and then we come to the start of the argument . 
  countries trying to `` share the burden '' , but people leaving anyway to go to richer countries , hence you get 2 countries ( mostly ) that `` have '' to receive all people : germany and sweden . 
  so you think germany can take everyone ? 
  the only way this `` program '' would work is if you had to stay in the country that `` takes '' you . 
  if everyone is going to germany , is great to the peripherical countries , but germany would get many more than their `` fair '' share . 
  anyway , if they choose to leave our country , i dont mind , dont get me wrong . 
  i would argue that in that case you arent eurosceptic , you just dont believe in this current political state - you probably want further integration , right ? 
  im just a college student as well xd ; anyway , given that im somewhat euroceptic , im not sure if this survey was even designed to me xd, 
  i answered your survey . 
  thought some of the question could be better though . 
  for example , 8 and 9 are kinda similar . 
  5th question `` why do you think studying abroad could be useful '' - i agree that is useful , but you are already directing the question to the answer you want . 
  i could think , for example , that it would be a waist of time - but i had no chance of saying no . 
  the same thing could be said to the second question - i could think that it does not improve anything , or could improve in more than those options you listed . 
  due to this fact , i think you can not extract much information of this survey cause you are already `` fishing '' for the answers you want . 
  yes , we 've got many portuguese people in switzerland , but the swiss are in the common market , and that comes with freedom of movement . 
  europe is , supposedly , accepting these people because of the war that is raging in the middle east ( and other countries ) . 
  if a country brings them in and they leave it , its not safety they seek , but money . 
  as such , countries can and should deny them entry . 
  btw : how many portuguese abroad commited terrorist attacks ? 
  apples and oranges . 
  we 've received a bunch of yazidis refugees and after a few days , only one ( 1 ) stayed . 
  they left to germany , because germany has the money , obviously . 
  your premise does n't stop french companies from relocating their factories to poland . 
  what macron is proposing is to destroy the 4 fundamental freedooms that built the eu . 
  what is the solution then ? 
  end the common market ? 
  fair enough . 
  which songs did you like the most ? 
  i did n't listen to every song , but from the songs that i 've heard , i liked belgium 's song very much . 
  we normally give you 12 . 
  must be the first time that we dont give you 12 . 
  but even with that song we 've got to give you something . 
  we gave you the 5 , you gave us 12 . 
  thanks , hermanos !, 
  its true what he said - but probably wasnt the best time to say it . 
  yes , yes . 
  but given that he is waiting a heart transplant , its funny . . 
  '' the guy sings his heart out '' too literal dude , too literal . 
  i can understand why you think the music is boring - its something special if you understand the lyrics . 
  but the guy truly has a incredible personality . 
  wait , are n't we ? 
  we tend to vote for them , and they tend to vote for us . 
  we amigos now . 
  `` thanks , but this was all rigged '' hahahahah , salvador is truly a character . 
  thank you , mate . 
  you seem to be well versed on the matter , cheers to you . 
  yes , you are right . 
  apparently in the last few months isis has suffered many setbacks in libya . 
  there 's still a presence there but they do not control the country . 
  i apologize for my mistake . 
  anyway , there are still many factions there which control different portions of the country , there is no sole government there . 
  i dont think that its quite the persuasion and negotiation gifts of germans and french that make them able to get majority votes . 
  anyway , some federalists want to drop unanimity in favour of majority votes in some key areas - that lovely guy from belgium is very vocal about it . 
  this rule is a blessing for smaller states like my own but it comes at the cost of turning eu into a very laggy and burocratic institution . 
  i dont want to see the day when our interests are overruled by a majority of european countries interests . 
  if unanimity is preserved , of course we and everyone else have a equal say on the matter . 
  i fear the day when unanimity gets replaced by a majority vote reflecting the size and population of the country . 
  of ccourse that power imbalances will always exist in the world - but we arent to gain with being in the eu . 
  i 'm from a small country , we never had a voice in the world . 
  france/germany benefit from being in the eu because they would eventually lose the spotlight in the world stage to countries like the bricks and the eu keeps them relevant . 
  we , however , would only be used as crutches of these countries - having no voice or voicing the opinions of other is the same to me . 
  ps : i 'm not the one downvoting you , i think your opinions are very interesting , despite not agreeing with you . 
  on paper that is what would happen , but not in reality . 
  why is europe expecting the election of macron and the elections in germany ? 
  because these countries dictacte the policy and smaller states follow .
