70 years is time enough . 
  besides , it just shows how little faith your government has in its citizens . 
  do you know why this kind of censorship is still enforced ? 
  oh really?that is so sily.i disagree wholeheartedly with this kind of censorship . 
  i know you guys still have some `` trauma '' about it , but its time to `` let it go '' . 
  coolest pun , you mean . 
   no war was won through bombing i think pretty much every war has been won by bombing or other form of violence . 
  its kinda the point . 
  i agree with you . 
  i would gladly take up arms to fight against a iberian union . 
  reddit is full of idealists who know nothing about history . 
  why ridiculously ? 
  i ' t wasnt the result of luck or a fortunate event . 
  we bested you in the battlefield time and time again across the centuries . 
  he could run a second time for president , if he wants , and he 'll win easily . 
  he 's probably the most popular politician we 've ever had . 
  he has support that goes from left to right . 
  although i did n't vote for him , he is doing a fine job , and if he runs for a second term , ill probably vote for him . 
  well , portugal is n't entirely accurate in my pov . 
  it is true we 've got a great influence of germanic law , but we 've got a great influence of napoleonic law as well . 
  this is because the `` brains '' of our modern codes were students and then teachers in both german and french schools . 
  regarding the example that / u/loudo8 gave , portugal does n't follow the germanic law when it comes to the transfering of property , it follows the french one , that means that property is transfered by contract alone , there is no no need for a material act to `` complete '' it . 
  ive been reading about the 1762 which i did n't know ( much ) about . 
  from the wiki page '' in addition to these setbacks , and similarly to the napoleonic soldiers a few years later , the spaniards were experiencing carnage . 
  a contemporary document notes that it was impossible to walk in the mountains of the province of tr\u00e1s-os-montes because of the nauseating odour of countless spanish corpses , which the peasants refused -- motivated by pure hate -- to bury . '', 
  ive got no idea where azenhas do mar is , but sure looks pretty . 
  thank god im not the only one . 
  i much prefer the blue and white cross . 
  our coat of arms is beautiful too . 
  you seem to know your stuff and your writing is impeccable . 
  anyway , i think first of all , we need to make a clear distinction between refugees and economic migrants . 
  refugees have a right to stay . 
  economic migrants do not . 
  what i said about my government having no idea about where are the refugees in related to the theme of this post - the european refugee policy . 
  such policy would only work if every country received the refugees they could manage . 
  i know that many countries arent open to receiving refugees , but it is also true that many refugees arent open to staying in the country that welcomes them . 
  my country is struggling to find willing refugees to stay here - i know we are broke but we are not , all things considered , a bad country to live in . 
  but still , those who come here , leave after a few days to go to sweden and germany . 
  i think the illegals on the us cant acesss services easily but they still are on the us . 
  at least in my country , the government has no idea where the refugees are - its also a huge security liability . 
  it does n't work . 
  given that there are no borders between us , nothing stops a refugee from leaving portugal to go to sweden , for example . 
  we did have some great battles in india though , so it was n't only small skirmishes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_cochin_ ( 1504 ), 
  people dont respect the / s no more . 
  well , empire or not , you got to admit that some of people in the video appear arrogant af . 
  do you really think that your armed forces could take on the european continent or a big portion of it ? 
  erdogan 's propaganda is working . 
  turkey would n't win a war against greece , let alone more countries of the eu . 
  exactly . 
  if even nationals have trouble finding jobs , immigrants without any skills wont find any . 
  and then crime spikes . 
  over here , romanians and gypsies are almost synonyms . 
  it has nothing to do with the country itself . 
  i think that after brazilians , ukrainians are the largest immigrant group in portugal . 
  i find you incredible . 
  some time ago , i was speaking with a ukranian who immigrated to here six months ago . 
  he spoke almost perfect portuguese . 
  it was really hard to notice he wasnt portuguese born . 
  in 6 months . 
  that is just amazing . 
  yeah . 
  last year ( i keep telling this story on reddit - i do go out more ) , i went to spain . 
  i ended up talking to some very cool vascos . 
  we understood each other well , me talking in portuguese ( although i spoke somewhat slowly ) , and they in spanish . 
  there was something that i wanted to say , but they did ` nt understand it in portuguese and i did n't know what the spanish word was , so i used the english word for it . 
  i was speaking to a group or 4 or 5 - nobody knew english , they just said `` ingl\u00e9s no '' . 
  funnily enough , a older dude , came along and actually spoke english . 
  better than spain ? 
  better than spain . 
  shit . 
  i thought about it . 
  but i reread your comment and you seemed serious . 
  guess i 'm a retard - run , miguel , run . 
  they will kill you with kebabs . 
  you 'll get obese . 
  and with obesity comes health issues and perhaps death . 
  turkey smart . 
  turkey strong . 
  i do believe he is kidding . 
  it does n't have an / s but it is pretty obvious . 
  lovely pic . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  bring it on !, 
  there is actually a moment asking for independence of the madeira 's islands . 
  it has virtually no popular support - they dont even run in the elections but it should still count . 
  also , particularly in porto we have some people who are `` separatists '' - its said almost as a joke , but still . 
   do n't forget that spain never militarily took over some country called catalonia or whatever some people seem to think . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_revolt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_spanish_succession, 
  we should come together , but only if we recognize each other 's differences and respect our choice . 
  submitting the will of one people to the will of another is not coming together . 
  if catalans became independent , it would n't mean they could n't maintain a good relationship with the rest of spain . 
  it would only mean that the dynamic of that relationship would change a bit . 
  a one state solution isnt a synonym of `` coming together '' - just look at israel/palestine . 
  that was what franco tried to do - `` stamp it out '' . 
  in a time where people are free to think , vote and act , secessionist movements make perfect sense . 
  i really dont understand that argument . 
  just because its law does n't mean its right . 
  it shouldnt be up to the spanish parliament or the spanish constitutional court to decide this matter . 
  it 's the catalan people .
