  actually , no . 
  we provoked the war against the germans in ww1 . 
  the leaders of the time thought a war could help cement the new political regime . 
  portugal doesnt want spain to stop using nuclear energy entirely . 
  what happens away from our borders , its not our business . 
  but almaraz is 100 km away from our borders - and its close enough to have an impact on portugal if something goes wrong . 
  almaraz is an obsolute nuclear station with clear security flaws . 
  why does n't almaraz get shut down ? 
  because spain would have to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to dismantle it properly . 
  so they keep pushing the useful life of the power station further . 
  spain is playing with fire . 
  according to some our scientists , if something goes wrong in almaraz it could only take 2 hours to reach our border . 
  i dont give a toss if something like fukushima happens in any other of your nuclear plants . 
  just dont fk up almaraz . 
  im not quite sure you understood what joanaz de melo said . 
  he said that portugal should n't negociate with spain because spain has to do what is required by eu law . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  he says that portugal should n't have withdrawn the complaint it filed against spain in the eu . 
  the depot will be used to extend the nuclear plants useful life . 
  portugal argues that given the age of the nuclear power plant , it is dangerous to extend it further that 2020 . 
  are siestas still a thing in spain ? 
  thought it was a thing of the past . 
  even if technology made it possible , i dont see it being feasable . 
  just think about how many languages the eu has.sometimes , you ca n't get the same thing written in different languages . 
  thats why sometimes states , when making agreements with each other have it written in 3 languages . 
  one language of each party and a `` neutral '' language , in case there is disagreements about the interpretation of treaties they signed . 
  imagine this problem amplified by dozens of languages . 
  obviously , i neither have proofs or sources because it never happened before . 
  im just making an argument here . 
  there are , any reasons why it would n't possible . 
  just imagine the logistical nightmare . 
  and even if we didnt have that problem , you need to remember that eu elections have the lowest turnouts and they only happen once in every 4 years . 
  eventually , nobody would vote . 
  we could also argue that we ca n't have direct democracy because it can bring dangerous and absurd results . 
  many reasons why . 
  just imagine the logistical nightmare . 
  and even if we didnt have that problem , you need to remember that eu elections have the lowest turnouts and they only happen once in every 4 years . 
  eventually , nobody would vote . 
  we could also argue that we ca n't have direct democracy because it can bring dangerous and absurd results . 
  how many football/soccer stars has the us produced ? 
  checkmate , atheist !, 
  dont get me wrong , i do not feel `` european '' at all . 
  im portuguese and that is just fine for me . 
  but anyway , of course there are differences between countries , but i dont really think portuguese and finnish are that different from one another . 
  they even copied our flag ( bastards !, 
  you cant have direct democracy with 500 million people . 
  the thing is america is , in relative terms , a `` new '' country . 
  that makes assimilation much easier . 
  besides , i think a new yorker or an someone from alabama , would say they are americans first and foremost . 
  it is n't the same way in europe . 
  nobody would be bothered by that . 
  you speak the language if you can and how you can . . 
  i found that quite surprising as well . 
  i went to gallicia in the summer , and in a hot friday night i found myself talking to some basques about athletic bilbao . 
  most of the time , my portuguese and their spanish was quite enough for us to have a conversation . 
  when they did n't understand a portuguese word , and i did n't know its spanish counterpart , i tried using english . 
  they were 4 or 5 . 
  nobody understood english . 
  i read portugal belongs to galicia . 
  my bad . 
  besides , a `` new '' portugal with a incorporated galicia , would probably need a new flag . 
  a white and blue flag would look great . 
  you belong to us , amigo !, 
  of course it is . 
  it would n't have a purpose if it was n't the case . 
  i think we `` won '' this `` award '' 3 times in the last 6 or 7 years . 
  it kinda makes sense that this `` award '' is given early in the year because its meant to incentivize people to visit the winner during the rest of the year . 
  you were there for us since the very beginning !, 
  on the contrary , amigo , we portuguese love to chit chat . 
  we got our territory almost 250 years before the spanish . 
  try to keep up with the portuguese war machine , sen\u00f5res !, 
  every single thing you said , holds true for portugal . 
  i , as a portuguese , care about olivenza . 
  olivenza is de jure portuguese . 
  spain was obliged to give it by the treaty of viena of 1815 . 
  we still considered it a part of portugal despite being administered by spain . 
  russia is not going to attack switzerland . 
  they are so far away . 
  geography is a good friend . 
  yes , its natural that you need to be spoken slowly . 
  its natural . 
  even with brazilians we need to slow the pace down a bit . 
  regarding the catalan referendum : we 've got some news on national television . 
  we dont speak about daily , but when there is something `` big '' , its normally reported . 
  would also say ( although i 've got no stats to back it up ) that we understand/are friendly with such movement . 
  i understand that . 
  we dont have many news about you guys too . 
  the only thing that we 've heard from our tv 's lately about spain was about the nuclear power plant of almaraz . 
  other than that , the only thing newsworthy is when you have elections . 
  actually i think most of you can understand us pretty well ( when we want ) , like i said , i was in gallicia last year , and i only spoke portuguese . 
  people understood me very well . 
  of course , you need to be careful with the words you choose . 
  for example , in my day-to-day i would use the phrase `` eu percebo '' . 
  but its still correct and normal to say `` eu entendo '' . 
  you also have that verb , so i chose that word when i spoke to spanish . 
  of course that if i dont want you to understand what i 'm saying , ill just use words that only us have - or speak really really fast xd, 
  it 's funny cause it took reddit to inform me that we apparently are good towel makers . 
  and we are not that poor . 
  sometimes speaking with spanish they make it seem that we live in tents . 
  dont get me wrong .
