  you are clearly an apache helicopter . 
  rectangular balls ? 
  i dont think so , but you should ask your girls that - they spend more time looking at that area . 
  its not a portuguese girl if she doesnt have a mustache !, 
  luckily for us , we have you so near !, 
  we empty ours in galician girls , 
  you are right . 
  severe budget cuts were made during that idiot 's government . 
  however , things werent rosy before . 
  when i was in school , my class always had more than 30 + students . 
  besides , the biggest ever strike and demonstration in education happened in socrates time, 
  i never said that . 
  salazar did his best not to piss off either side . 
  jonny , 30 + in a classroom , didnt start with nuno crato . 
  i assure you , we had that problem with the previous socialist government . 
  you are a prophet of half truths . 
  yes , salazar didnt want to give the base to americans . 
  but he also didnt want to give it to the british . 
  only when he thought that an american invasion was imminent he conceded the island . 
  brilliantly though he `` offered '' the island to both britain and america , pitting one against the other , causing a delay on the concession of the island . 
  it is true that he had many reservations about hitler 's new world order . 
  but he also feared the democratic and liberal gb . 
  like i told you before , both ambassadors reported that salazar favored their own side . 
  you are right.nevertheless , nuno crato did some important reforms in our educational system . 
  his goal , of making 50 % of students attend vocational classes was exactly what we need ( ed ) . 
  portugal 's position in wwii was extremely ambiguous . 
  both the ambassadors of germany and england were reporting to their respective capitals that portugal supported their side , but was scare of getting invaded by their respective enemies . 
  you can also see this flip-flopping from salazar regarding azores . 
  we also benefited a lot economically . 
  we sold wolfram , essential to arms making to both sides till the end of the war . 
  regarding , europe 's defense : in case of war , if you want to defend the eastern countries you are free to go . 
  however , i would ` nt go and i sincerely think that many of our countrymen wouldnt go either . 
  edit : regarding the air force founding date , that is so misleading . 
  portugal , had warplanes before 1952 ( obviously . ), 
  however , only in 1952 was created a `` special '' branch to manage them . 
  at least in my hometown we call it `` never happened '' . 
  in my hometown ( pt ) , its about 10c too . 
  however , we dont call it `` mad warm '' , we call it `` freezing '' . 
  well , one of our mottos in the colonial war was `` proudly alone '' . 
  i would mind if millions were killed of course . 
  i dont want deaths . 
  i wouldnt want portuguese lives to be amongst those millions . 
  i sincerely doubt the uk and france would . 
  especially right now . 
  mate , gb is a friend to me . 
  spain is a friend to me . 
  france is a friend . 
  i dont know where lithuania is . 
  it means nothing to me . 
  in a way , its like if a terrorist attack happens in asia - nobody here gives a toss . 
  if a terrorist attack happens in france or germany we care . 
  and there is a reason for it : we can relate to it , it feels close to home . 
  i dont have that relationship with lithuanians or estonians - they are strangers to us . 
  and , im sorry , but i prefer my life over somebody i dont know . 
  i dont doubt you have good intentions , but i seriously doubt you or your countrymen are willing to die for me . 
  you might say that , but if push comes to shove , you would leave me to my own devices - and that is understandable . 
  i wouldnt expect `` the world '' to fight our fights . 
  the wars we had on africa , were our fights - and we fought for 14 years . 
  we are asking me to die for a country i dont even know where it is against a enemy i have no reasons to hate . 
  you might hate the russians , i dont . 
  mate , when i say i would honor the treaty we have with gb , i 'm saying i would help gb - obviously they arent a threat to us , we are historical friends . 
  i cant point out where lithuania is on the map . 
  if lithuania was invaded by russia , we would ` nt do anything . 
  the treaty is just a piece of paper . 
  my countrymen wouldnt die for such a distant country - its simply not our fight . 
  fun fact : salazar , our dictator , was the one responsible for keeping spain out of the war . 
  salazar had influence with franco because unlike other dictators such as dollfuss , mussolini , franco or hitler , salazar did n't have a military background . 
  instead , he was renowned for his academic prowess . 
  salazar had many secret meetings with franco near the border , sucessfully persuading him to not enter the war . 
  i would honor our agreement with gb - i just dont see a reason why we should commit ourselves with other treaties . 
  i dont see the `` present '' changing any time soon . 
  im not saying that pt chould break its treaties , im saying it should stay out of new ones . 
  we are very good at keeping treaties - we still hold dear one from the 14th century . 
  mate , unless spain decides to invade us , we are fine . 
  besides , we are more than capable of beating spain on our own . 
  that is the point really . 
  portugal due to its location , has no need to be integrated in an european army . 
  i understand that latvians , lithuanians , estonians or poles have to gain by joining forces . 
  we dont . 
  ofc i mind about latvian , lithuanians , estonians and poles dying . 
  but i also care about russian lives - i have no reasons to hate russia . 
  i want peace . 
  but if peace isnt possible , above all i care about my life , my relatives life and of my countrymen . 
  if war is to happen , any war , i wouldnt be apart of it , and i hope my country stays out of it . 
  i 'm pretty sure the treaty also stipulates that countries must spend 2 % of the gdp in military spendings . 
  that doesnt happen . 
  at the end of the day the treaty is just a deterrent . 
  an european army is very real, 
  yes , that is true . 
  but even within nato we have some sort of power over what we do . 
  we would n't have that power in an european army . 
  i do understand my approach might very conservative on this , but i prefer portuguese soldiers to be commanded by portuguese generals and not by someone from spain . 
  if an european army is created , i sincerely hope my country stays out of it . 
  one of the reasons why we had a dictatorship was because the people resented the fact that we took part in ww1 when it was n't our battle to fight . 
  with the same reasoning , i also dont want me or my countrymen to die in god knows where , fighting god knows who , for god knows what . 
  eu elections have the highest abstention rates , and this is a generalized problem across the member states . 
  people just dont care about the european parliament or meps . 
  i might know one or two portuguese meps - and i know them for their work ( or lack thereof . . ) in national politics.i dont know what the european parliament is discussing right now and i doubt many of my countrymen know it too . 
  if we gave powers to the eu parliament right now , power will be too far away from the people . 
  i woulda 've voted the same way .
