  he protected from competition a small group of companies because he tought that economically was the best thing to do . 
  yes , if only we had a government each week we would be much better . 
  many smart decisions would be made and we would be swimming in money right now . 
  that is the only possibility . 
  of course they were . 
  although comparing both to caetano is very unfair . 
  i 'm not saying that we werent poor . 
  we were poor with salazar but we were poorer before him . 
  our economy was a disaster in the 1920 's . 
  he came along and things started to improve . 
  the attacks on portuguese settlers were caused by the cold war . 
  besides , granting independence to whom ? 
  our hasty retreat of africa was the cause for the civil wars in mozambique and angola . 
  of course i can do that argument , given the causes of our involvement in the first world war . 
  salazar had pressure from both the nazis and the allies to help each side , but he was able to stay neutral and we 've profited from it . 
  i 'm just saying that it is perfectly possible to dislike ones political views but respect their intellect . 
  m.caetano is one of greatest law thinkers we 've ever had and he is still studied today . 
  of course . 
  i 'm not saying that he was excellent because he was n't , but he also did many things right . 
  plus , he did so without getting rich or helping relatives getting rich . 
  he had morals - perhaps thats why people like him so much . 
  perhaps if we had had a democratic regime in the 40 's we would have been drawn to the second world war and we would have been destroyed . 
  the man got our economy growing sometimes at over 10 % a year . 
  granted , that wasnt enough to be one of the highest economies of the world , but its still pretty good . 
  i 'm not old enough to remember us growing more than 3 % . 
  second , it was n't all of the natives - most of the army we had was composed of native soldiers . 
  a country as small as ours could n't fight in 3 places at once without the `` help '' of natives . 
  more : the war began when some of the natives , sponsored by the cubans and the soviets started attacking the portuguese there . 
  what would you do if you were the portuguese government ? 
  would you have the `` whites '' thrown into the sharks ? 
  third , most of the soldiers could n't give a toss about `` freedom '' . 
  it was a carreer thing . 
  many fascists became democrats after the revolution . 
  we 've had many pm 's before he did and they could n't fix our problems . 
  he came along and he fixed many of the issues he had - we may not have become the richest country in the world , but with him we 've got better . 
  yes , but a better ruler than any of his predecessors . 
  but you can recognize one 's value even with opposing views . 
  the `` president '' - not the right word - of a.cunhal 's thesis was marcello caetano who was one of the notorious figures of the regime . 
  he graded his thesis paper very highly . 
  a. cunhal was escorted to the faculty by members of the secret police and didnt hid his views . 
  even still , caetano recognized his value . 
  yes , pre-28 our country was so much better . 
  our economy was booming and we were the most liberal country of europe . 
  then he came along and we came poor . 
  regarding africa , there was nothing else he could do . 
  we had 1.000.000 people there . 
  after the carnation revolution , they came back empty-handed - those who came back because many werent so lucky . 
  thats why we had 13 years of war . 
  most people understood that there was no choice but to fight . 
  even the carnation revolution was more about soldiers being discriminated in their carreers than it was about freedom . 
  well , perhaps this is just my pov , but many people i know have a positive view of him . 
  this is noticeable with the old for obvious reasons , but also amongst the young . 
  a few years ago , our national tv made a contest ( with the people voting ) about who was the greatest portuguese ever and he won . 
  also was very good at his job . 
  not many muslims are born in the czech republic . 
  i 've heard many people on tv saying that we `` should get used to '' this kind of things and `` learn to live with them '' . 
  hell no . 
  we know what the problem is . 
  it might be hard to fix , but we know what the problem is . 
  multiculturalism has failed . 
  but besides that , nothing american !, 
  that will show them !, 
  we still include that town in our maps . 
  we call it portuguese terroritory , administered by spain . 
  are you insane ? 
  we must not jeopardize cod . 
  i need it to live , man . 
  drinks are on us !, 
  time to party !, 
  so , is this article trying to imply that only left wing people can be journalists ? 
  i 'm portuguese . 
  was never asked for id in a bar or club . 
  even in casinos , i was able to enter when i was a minor . 
  nobody asks for id in clubs or bars , unless you look like a child . 
  you can have it back now , we already spent all the gold . 
  hehe , there 's a very famous portuguese song that goes something like this `` come , that love is n't the time we spent , and time does not make love , come , that love is the moment i give myself to you and you give yourself to me '' . 
  ( this is a very broad translation , dont hurt me portuguese bros. ), 
  first off , i bet you have a very cool name . 
  second , we 'll give you back extremadura and you give us back galicia and oliven\u00c7a . 
  deal ? 
  to be frank you always had bigger armies than us , but that did n't stop us from giving you a whooping from time to time . 
  nope , neither of us does anything around the house . 
  neither me or my brother contribute to the household budget - i 'm still a student , but my brother works and has a decent income . 
  it is not `` expected '' for us to contribute in any shape or faction . 
  my brother is incentivized to save a little money , but most importantly to travel and buy/do stuff he wo n't be able to do when he has a family of his own . 
  i would n't dare to leave my parent 's house , even if i was financially capable . 
  my brother who is 27 has a nice income and still lives with us - if its not to get married/living together with someone , why leave ? 
  terrible idea . 
  sultan erdogan might not be a democratic rolemodel but turkey has a vital purpose serving as a buffer zone between us and the middle east . 
  what would you say is the reason for that ? 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . . , 
  all those you mentioned in your first line , werent a ministery the previous government ( at least , independently ) ; defense is a constant because its one of those fundamental roles of the state - that was my point all along . 
  and for a fundamental role we need a competent minister , one that knows his stuff . 
  why is it good that we have one ministery of defence , if they are n't important in your opinion ? 
  every government we had so far agreed that defense was so important that it deserved a ministery . 
  and they are not wrong . 
  every government we had so far agreed that defense was so important that it deserved a ministery . 
  why is defense always a ministery and other stuff is n't ( culture , for example ), 
  so , we should crap the ministery ( or several in your opinion ) completely and save a few bucks - it 's far cheaper to have a secretary of state that a ministery . 
  surprisingly , no government ever done that .
