  sadly , i wont think ill ever get a chance to vote on it . 
  well , i think democracy is the best system and i will continue to believe that is the case until the majority disagrees with me . 
  if that happens , democracy has failed and needs to be replaced . 
  no , you are an endangered species !, 
  people want less eu , not more . 
  it was n't growing enough . 
  it had a lot of slumps . 
  a growth of 2 % is an utopia right now . 
  in the decade pre-euro we had 4 % growth every year . 
  mate , our cost of living grew 42 % to a 7 % wage increase . 
  euro sunk our quality of life . 
  even with tourism in a all time high , other industries doing well and government increasing spending ( with god knows what consequences in the long run . . ) we have a negligible growth . 
  i dont see a future for us in the euro . 
  mate , we have 15 years of economical crisis . 
  the euro only served to destroy many of our industries . 
  we need a weak currency given our economical structure , but we have a pretty strong one . 
  of course , we could devalue the euro but then nothern europe would be to lose . . 
  there is no good solution here . 
  my economy isnt doing well since we entered the euro . 
  since 2002 , wages have grown 7 % . 
  cost of living has grown 42 % . 
  we were doing far better when we had our own currency . 
  our economy has n't grown since . 
  we are suffering a death by papercuts . 
  to prosper we need to take a step back . 
  i believe the euro must go asap . 
  it was a mistake to have it in the first place , it must be removed - albeit , with great costs at least in the short term . 
  germany/netherlands/belgium and other northern countries benefit from a strong euro . 
  spain/portugal/italy / greece and to some extent france need a weak one . 
  since we cant have both , we need to scrap it . 
  yep . 
  although its an unfortunate name to give to someone in this day and age . 
  dont know why , but apparently in portugal , diego is starting to become a popular name , despite not sounding portuguese at all ; santiago is also our most popular name too . 
  pretty much every girl name you have could be a portuguese - except maybe valentina and isabella with a double l - here we write isabela . 
  well , its intended to offend , people arent really interested in the veracity of the facts . . 
  as it should be !, 
  also `` give back oliven\u00c7a '' would be appropriate . 
  actually , its not uncommon , as a insult , mostly related to football , to people from the north to call southerners moroccan or arabs . 
  that is right , honorary portuguese . 
  dont argue spanish and italian friends . 
  we ( portugal ) are worse than both of you . 
  spain 's growth is mostly linked to the fact that they did n't have a government f * king things up for so much time ftfy, 
  if you ever try one of our chouri\u00e7os you wont ever go back to chourizos . 
  this is actually a very cool video if you are interested in knowing more about portugal . 
  finland is absolutely right . 
  dont get the spanish though . 
  wouldnt identify `` fake happiness '' with spain - would mention something about we having the superior ham , though . 
  if that is the case , its kinda ironic . 
  cause we ( portuguese ) are trying to become the florida of europe - and we are actually suceeding . . 
  its the first time im hearing that too . 
  and in 1640 when we restored our independence , the fact that catalonia revolted as well , gave us well needed months so we could have an effective state and army that could defeat the spanish . 
  article 50 wasnt there from `` the beginning '' . 
  no , but i know some catalonian history . 
  i know of the attempts to , at all costs , end their different language , culture and whitewash their history . 
  and i base my opinions with the catalans/spanish people ive spoken - although , if you browse spanish newspapers you can see clearly the contempt they have for the catalans . 
  mate , they dont want spanish laws , they want catalonian ones . 
  by your reasoning , british exit from the eu shoulda 've envolved a referendum across the eu . 
  if germans/french/italians and so on say they can not leave , britain would be forced to stay . 
  that seems silly does n't it ? 
  and im pretty sure you can imagine the result - just check the opinions of those who have a spanish flair . 
  or better yet : go to a spanish newspaper and check the comments about the catalans - perhaps then you 'll undestand why they dont want to be 2nd class citizens of spain . 
  '' your logic , we should thank for being authorized choose the laws we want to follow . '', 
  you know that hitler , as i thought it was clear from my comment , defended the exact opposite of this ? 
  you should check the works of carl shmitt ; '' your comparison between abiding to laws of nazi germany or democratic spain as it reaches a skyrocket level a ridicule '' ; catalonians , even if 100 % supported independence , are unable to change the spanish constitution . 
  hence , they would be perpetually shackled to spain . 
  how very democratic . 
  imagine that belgium was `` liberated '' by france - im sure you are from wallonia , so you probably wouldnt mind , but still . 
  france says that it is a very democratic country , so if belgium wants to be independent , it can be , but the french also get a vote on it . 
  does it seem fair ? 
  well , that is the `` official '' response from madrid . 
  they say even that there wasnt a constitutional problem , the whole of spain would have to allow the catalonian independence - you can imagine what the result would be . 
  hugo chavez ( i dont like him , but he said something i find it very accurate ) said once those who try to close the doors to peaceful change , open the doors to a violent one . 
  edit : cant make quotes properly , sorry . 
  im not sure why you called me adolf since i 'm defending the precise opposite than what he defended - what you defend , in fact . 
  he and you want a full obedience to the law - `` justice is the law '' - without consideration of the morals that are related to it . 
  imagine that a belgium household is hiding a family of jews - there is a law that says that doing that is a crime - would you say this family is guily of any wrongdoing ? . 
  what we learned after 1945 , is that the fact that something is lawful does n't mean its right . 
  laws do not dispense morals . 
  so as you see , you are the adolf here . 
  that is my argument as well ; the eu has only to benefit if catalonia remains . 
  if catalonia ever seceded , everyone has much too gain if the transition goes as smoothly as possible . 
  and that means they should still be a part of the eu and eurozone . 
  someone brought the eu , not me . 
  they argued that the eu would n't let catalonia remain in the union ;, 
  so democracy can only happen if a law that limits the political will of the people is followed ? 
  according to you , we could have a law that stipulates that only white males could vote , provided that they choose between a fixed set of options . 
  that isnt very democratic is it ? 
  your problem is that you mix legality and morality . 
  you see , nazi germany was very legalistic - rule of law above everything - that doesnt make what `` they did '' right , does it ? 
  if the majority of catalans want to be independent , they should secede . 
  regardless of the fact that they arent being opressed like they were on franco 's days ( how good of the spanish . . ) ; a law or a constitution arent synonyms of righteousness.there is no necessary connection between laws and morals - we learned that after 1945 . 
  i never said that catalonia isnt going to be worse in the short them . 
  however , i firmly believe that if the majority of catalans want to be independent , they should secede . 
  my friend , i never said that im pro eu . 
  im pro democracy , though . 
  if the majority of catalans want to be independent , they should be independent . 
  if the majority wants to stay with spain , they should stay with them . 
  sure it has . 
  given that spanish economy is not so great , keeping good relations with catalonia would not make go into a crippling recession . 
  surely if you are portuguese , you should know at least a bit of our history .
