  great great goals . 
  we would also build a wall . 
  spain would pay it . 
  it gives me some confort to know that we are so far away from trouble , that probably nothing serious will happen to us , at least in my lifetime . 
  it feels good to be in a forgotten part of the globe . 
  ofc there is . 
  if my country was being attacked , i would be willing to do my bit . 
  if somebody else 's country was being attacked , i think its up to somebody else to fight . 
  i would fight only for my country . 
  i was speaking overall but thanks amigo !, 
  at once , we are one of the best in something positive !, 
  still , very sad 15 % of my fellow portuguese dont wash their hands after going to the toilet . 
  seriously , its disgusting . 
  ill think twice about handshaking a spanish guy from now on . . 
  in portugal , the north is far more conservative than the south . 
  i dont eat those pasteis . 
  those are from lisbon . 
  i 'm from porto , my friend . 
  anyway , eat a baguette and relax my friend . 
  the boogeyman might come for you . 
  ps : how do you make the french be the fastest runners in the world ? 
  r : just put someone chasing them !, 
  at least for the portuguese africa , descolonization was terrible . 
  we 've had much popular support - most of our soldiers were natives , that explains why we could fight for 13 years . 
  the rebel soldiers were sponsored by the us and urss , many foreign soldiers ( cuban , for example ) fought on their behalf . 
  when we left , all went to shambles . 
  angola and mozambique had nasty civil wars afterwards . 
  many white portuguese were killed/left without nothing and forced to leave despite living in africa for their entire lives , too . 
  i 'm not saying that we should ` ave been there forever , but we shoulda 've left orderly . 
  you are the salty one . 
  i see you did n't even comment on the link that i provided you , confirming that i was right , and proving you wrong . 
  how do you say it again . . is it touch\u00e9 ? 
  pardon my french , we really dont learn it anymore , given that french and france are irrelevant . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-california-economy-iduskcn0z32k2 besides , its rich having a french speak about military might.in ww2 , you had a army capable of defeating the germans . 
  you lasted one month . 
  the greeks , however , with far less put a great fight . 
  you see my friend , weapons arent substitutes , as the spanish would say , to cojones . 
  french and coward are almost synonyms . 
  nobody hates us . 
  nobody is going to invade us . 
  we 've got soft power though . 
  that is why there are many portuguese people in high international offices . 
  we dont fear china , we dont fear russia , we dont fear the usa . 
  we 've got decent relations with russia and good relations with china and the us . 
  and you my friend , need to realize that ( the great , lol ) france is a pawn in the grand scheme of things . 
  what is your might ( economical , political , military ) compared to the likes of the us . 
  get real mate . 
  california has a bigger economy than the great france . 
  le grand arm\u00e9e is no more . 
  but , by all means , if you wan na put your big boy pants and pretend that matter , please do . 
  just dont ask for our help . 
  hey , we portuguese arent total losers !, 
  we just won the euro 2016 cup . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean by failing foreign policy of intervention . 
  europe has a massive security problem right now . 
  its time to face it . 
  we 've received a few refugees so far , but we 've got a big problem . 
  according to one of our ministers , we already lost track of many of them . 
  we simply let em free in our country , and given that we 've got no internal borders , they could be anywhere doing whatever and we 've got no idea . 
  if a conflict breaks out in mozambique given the hundreds of thousands of portuguese that live there , by that reasoning , you would also support a `` european '' response . 
  we would intervene everywhere there is a european country interest in doing so . 
  with that reasoning , we would have colonized africa again in no time . 
  that would n't be so bad , i think !, 
  hehe , im not pissed my friend . 
  given that in the 60 's we managed to deploy thousand of soldiers to mozambique , i hardly doubt we could n't do it now . 
  besides , if we were to ask for help unloading soldiers onto mozambique , we would ask the british - not the eu . 
  napoleon also thought that his army was big enough to conquer portugal . 
  he failed 3 times . 
  americans also thought vietnam would be a piece of cake , and look at how it went for them . 
  anyway , i know we are n't a military power , and i would n't want us to be one . 
  the french however , still want to have the military might they had in the past . 
  however , you need european help to be able to look russia/america in the eye . 
  and to that i say , not with our help !, 
  i said it before , ill be a tad more rude now . 
  unlike you , we did n't get destroyed in our colonial wars ( or other wars recently for that matter ) . 
  we held mozambique for over 13 years without much fuss , and if we had to intervene now i dont doubt we could . 
  besides , unlike your intervention in mali , i dont doubt that the portuguese people would support an intervention , if needed , in mozambique . 
  it 's not in anyone interests to have islamists taking over countries . 
  but that is true in mali , nigeria , or in that basketcase that is the middle east . 
  however , it doesnt mean we can or should intervene everywhere . 
  mali is a thing due to french interests . 
  not portuguese or european . 
  by that definition , we could have to intervene in ( almost ) every country in africa . . 
  the part about mozambique is hypothetical , but we fought there for 13 years , of course we could do something about it - and we fought there whilst engaged against rebellions in angola , portuguese guinea and other ( now ) countries . 
  my point is , if we take every european country interests and make it `` european '' , we could have to intervene in ( almost ) every country in africa . 
  france has interests in mali . 
  europe does not . 
  i really dont care what happens in mali . 
  however , in mozambique ( things arent great there , and could heat up really fast ) portugal is interested in , but not france . 
  nope nope nope, 
  hmmm , minced meat and rice seems like a odd combination . 
  did a quick search on google , and the only thing that i had seen before was this : http://www.foodfromportugal.com/recipe/minced-meat-rice/ anyway , ill ask my mom if she knows any recipes envolving minced meat and rice , she 's the culinary expert around here . 
  to my great shame , i only know how to do scrambled eggs, 
  hehe . 
  i read a comment the other day , on this subreddit , of a british complaining about their `` boring '' weather and lack of sun . 
  meanwhile , i would love some grey skies . 
  always clear blue gets boring too . . 
  it 's really interesting that you think it was `` hot '' . 
  for me , it felt freezing - it still is freezing over here today , despite the sun . 
  funny how bodies react , eh ?
