  they werent trains , i think . 
  they were metro carriages . 
  although from their look , they had a few years on them already . 
  that is to true !, 
  kinda surprised if those doors never hurt anybody . 
  once upon a time , i was running to catch the metro and i placed my hand between the doors that were closing , expecting the doors to go back . 
  they kept closing so i had to remove my hand . 
  felt that it should be common safety procedure that the doors should stop closing if they found an obstacle . 
  i think the metro in porto and lisbon have a pretty decent % of usage . 
  anyway , we the flow of tourists comming in , it makes some sense , to boost up the system . 
  recently , ive used the berlin metro and i found it pretty backwards too . 
  hmmm , i think our public transportation although is not terrible , is needing serious improvements . 
  our trains and buses ( talking about porto , which is the city i know best , although lisbon should be similar ) , are pretty decent . 
  regarding our metro lines , they need serious improvements - i think they will be improved this year , i think in lisbon , at least . 
  they were designed to serve a smaller population . 
  the flow of tourists coming to our country is demaniding some more metro carriages , been feeling a little bit crammed lately . . 
  i have ` nt got numbers but i would say 90 % of portuguese live in cities - we 've got a saying here that goes something like this '' portugal is porto and lisbon the rest is landscape '' . 
  i think why we buy more cars compared to other countries ( even though car taxes are pretty significant - its cheaper to buy a car in spain than in portugal ) its because we 've got a pretty backwards car culture . 
  we never use bicycles and public tranportation is still seen as a way for poor people to travel . 
  we could invade spain and they would only notice it , when we got to madrid . 
  that is exactly what happens in pt . 
  you can only vote for mp 's of your region . 
  if you think the majority of people , especially old people , dislike salazar , you should talk to your grandmother . 
  anyway , might be just my group of friends too , but most see salazar has a great . 
  salazar is view fairly well in portugal . 
  a few years ago , a tv station made a poll about the best portuguese ever and he won . 
  edit : not quite sure why i am being downvoted . 
  all i said is factually true . 
  yes , me too . 
  i 'm just saying africa ( at least parts of it ) is not the sh * ithole we sometimes believe it is . 
  africa has pretty cool places though . 
  we 've got many people who used to live in africa , and they describe it as their paradise . 
  i would guess most primary schools in europe already teach english . 
  obviously , english is the only candidate to be a universal european language . 
  life is too short to learn german . 
  i think mainly its a problem about education ; people dont really believe european elections matter much - at least over here , it is seen as a more profound poll on the government and prevailing political party . 
  people vote on the government or in the opposition according to how they feel the current political situation is . 
  most people dont give a toss about meps . 
  at least in my country , european elections have the highest abstetion rates . 
  i 'm a pretty informed guy about our national politics and i can name perhaps 2 or 3 meps that we have - and i know them from things they did ( or failed to do ) in our political scene . 
  you 'll die trying !, 
  we need that beja airport !, 
  dont !, 
  we need alentejo to go to algarve !, 
  yeah that is true . 
  i really dont mind nuclear energy , but it is necessary to make sure that safety is kept . 
  almaraz has gone past his validaty date , and should be shut down . 
  god knows what the consequences are if something goes wrong with it . 
  i really dont understand how spanish people are satisfied with the situation . 
  according to our media , the almaraz nuclear power plant is in a dire situation and has already gone past its useful life . 
  i dont know enough about this matter , but when i hear that security is faulty and nuclear plant i get worried . 
  it 's not just the fact that tagus river is our main river and the plant is old and lacks some pretty important safety procedures and measures . 
  it 's the fact that eu law states that you must study the impact that will have in neighbouring countries . 
  i dont mind if you have a fukushima in spain . 
  just do n't let it affect portugal . 
  we never have snow :(, 
  if the trump 's us turns a blind eye on russian agression , i hardly doubt there is anything that stops putin from eating the baltic if he wishes . 
  well , currently in france the 2 frontrunners of the elections are ( presumably ) against this . 
  if only france is against this , it is still enough for it not to go trough . 
  from my pov , i think europe was an idea that died in the eyes of the people due to the insurmountable amount of problems it faced - too many fires to put out . 
  refugees , the banks , the pigs financial and economical situation , years of low growth , etc. 
  my friend , we could have a referendum about it tomorrow . 
  do you really think that the french would vote for it ? 
  we can have another referendum on the matter , of course . 
  however , only 12 years have passed and it seems like too little time has passed to this be discussed again . 
  nice to hear . 
  what i really detest about the `` european process '' is that is made without any regard or consultation of the peoples of europe . 
  i have little doubts too that if such a referendum is held again , the outcome will be the same . 
  are you suggesting doing referendums till people agree with you ? 
  i know that . 
  what we should note is that the peoples of europe who were able to vote , voted against it . 
  i 'm not dutch nor french , and i was 10 in 2004 so i could ` nt vote even if portugal had a referendum about it . 
  if this `` topic '' is to be discussed again , i want to have a say on it . 
  the people of france and netherlands clearly showed their were against this . 
  not to mention what happen in ireland . 
  worse : treaty of lisbon introduced stuff that was in the 04 proposal . 
  more people could have expressed their will , but parliaments took care of it . 
  this was debated some years ago . 
  the people rejected it . 
  why do you think our doctors are bad ? 
  austerity happened . 
  one the biggest achievements the carnation revolution brought us was our health national service . 
  in the 70 's we were comparable to `` 2nd tier '' - and yes , i know this designation is related to the cold war , but still - , 30 years later we were one of the best in the world . 
  below the spanish . 
  noooooooooooooo . 
  frankly , i expected us to be a little bit higher , austerity took its toll . 
  come on lad , we were there 40 years ago - you should know what is the best way to `` get involved '' in africa . 
  of course . 
  i assure you , football does n't make me blow up and destroy public property !, 
  the voices in my head , do . 
  you know what that other fella said : `` some people think football is a matter of life and death . 
  i assure you , it 's much more serious than that . '', 
  that is impressive indeed , almost as impressive as the fact that the portuguese football national team played 12 times against the netherlands , and only lost once . 
  and i say impressive as a compliment to you . 
  it must have been amazing to win against us that one time . 
  although i like your reasoning , i would like to point out that portugal brought the world lord eder . 
  checkmate . 
  we were there first . 
  hands off our colonies !, 
  yes .
