  there are many countries worth mentioning . 
  eritreia , for example for the sheer numbers of refugees that come from there - why does ` nt france want to intervene there ? . 
  that does not explain why nigeria has more refugees than the car . 
  if not to stem the flow of migrants why intervene ? 
  `` existing ties '' - you mean french `` ties '' , not european . 
  unlike what the french government believe ( d ) , they are not the same . 
  what are my portuguese interests in mali ? 
  i think boko haram and other groups control a big percentage of the country.in terms of percentage , nigeria has more refugees than the car . 
  if it makes sense to go to mali and car it makes sense to go to nigeria . 
  that is my point ; mali and car get attention because france puts those two on the agenda - why should a portuguese soldier die to protect french , and french alone , interests ? . 
  portugal given its location only has 1 enemy to fear : spain . 
  as it is now , we are quite `` amigos '' . 
  and if a day comes that we are not , we 'll be able to handle them alone ( or with the help of an old friend ) . 
  besides , if shit hit the fan in mozambique nobody would defend a `` european unit '' to be sent . 
  after all , only our interests are at stake there . 
  imo , if france wants a more active force in active force in africa , by all means go ahead , but i would n't want for a portuguese soldier to die for them . 
  so ill ask you the same question . 
  why car and mali and not nigeria or other african place that is war torn ? 
  my question is : why do they want to intervene in mali and in car but not in nigeria ? 
  i 'm not greek , im from portugal . 
  greece due to its location is in a though spot . 
  but we are far away from trouble . 
  so why dont we intervene in nigeria ? 
  they have an armed conflict , poverty , instability and refugees . 
  i am from a small nation on the edge of the continent . 
  besides , this `` crisis '' is helping my country ; tourism is booming and more and more people of northern europe are settling in portugal , contributing to our economy . 
  thank god for the uk ( and poland ) why should a `` eu military unit '' have to intervene in mali or in the central african republic ? 
  the eu has a whole , does n't have interests to protect there - only france has . 
  it is france 's sole responsability to send soldiers there . 
  if shits hits the fan in mozambique or in angola , i dont see the eu lining up soldiers to protect our interests . 
  i think its pretty understandable ; the hackers intentions , at least in our case , is to get money ; probably in your case too - that is good , because it means that they are n't trying to get some `` apocaliptic '' situation where lives could be at stake . 
  either that or i 'm reading too much into this , probably the latter . 
  there is an ongoing attack on portuguese companies as well . 
  very strange indeed . 
  apparently they were able to `` lock '' the computers and are demanding a ranson to make them work properly again . 
  so , there is an ongoing attack on portuguese , spanish , swedish , and english companies ? 
  hmm . . 
  i get that , mate . 
  it 's probably the wisest choice given the dangers of alcohol abuse . 
  although i wonder how you manage to socialize given your tendency for anti-social behaviours and the lack of booze x ), 
  the wisest choice , although , probably with less joie de vivre . 
  over here , considering our average incoming everything is pretty expensive . 
  except beer and wine . 
  in the cheapest place i know in porto , beers are 50c . 
  suffice to say , that we can drink our problems away . 
  i 'm not saying that you would be broke in a night out , i 'm just saying that considering your income , its still fairly expensive . 
  5k before tax is way too low for prices like that . 
  ahhh , portuguese , german and french arguing angrily about politics !, 
  even if we had such parliament , it would ` nt do any good . 
  a compromise would be impossible to reach . 
  germany/netherlands want the ecb to stop pumping money into the economy . 
  other countries such as greece , italy , spain , portugal are dependent on it . 
  at best it would any cause a rift between the nations . 
  a simple majority would be very hard to accept by any country and unanimity is impossible . 
  as it now , at least people accept the decisions because it comes from an independent and `` unbiased '' institution . 
  i agree with you ; the north and the south have very different interests ( qe , eurobounds , and so on ) and is impossible to reach a satisfactory agreement to all - someone must win an someone must lose . 
  we are currently in a stalement which is simply a death by paper cuts . 
  as soon as this indefinition ends the better . 
  there is no reason to have a `` euro zone parliament '' simply to have powers over the european stability mechanism . 
  he 's simply trying to put pressure on draghi and the ecb to stop the qe . 
  as much as i enjoy being friends with you , i also enjoy the solitude of my rectangle . 
  however , i would be willing to discuss futher integration witih galicia - its alright because we would continue to be a rectangle - just a bigger one . 
  yeah , we are doing better now too - probably because you are growing as well - your growth is our growth . 
  heheh , touch\u00e9 . 
  your geography teacher must be proud xd . 
  guess believing and wanting to be in a larger/european federation helps . 
  i still have the `` proudly alone '' mindset xd, 
  i like history too but given that i 'm from portugal , which is located in the western part of continental europe , `` the east '' is too far away from me . 
  there was n't really a need/interest learning this growing up . 
  funnily enough i like history too . 
  i know of the velvet divorce between czech republic and slovakia but if need be , i would n't be able to locate them on a map . 
  scandinavia i can locate too . 
  its those countries that joined the eu after 2004 that are pesky to memorize xd . 
  its not uncommon here to hear to call someone from ukraine or countries that were part of the ussr `` russians '' . 
  we dont do it with bad intentions , its just that its so far away that is easier to chunk it with one label . 
  ps : very impressed by your knowledge , 
  i would n't do much better to be honest . 
  i know every country till germany/poland and then its just `` the east '' . 
  you are right . 
  a federation is n't necessary nor should we wanted . 
  further eu integration will be made by the canibalization of the smaller states . 
   and regarding the division . 
  that is part of the success . 
  competition is necessary . 
  wanting to be better works to motivate . 
  if i want the sky to be orange and you want the sky to be black , competition wont work . 
  only one of us can `` win '' , the other one will be dissapointed . 
  for the union to work you need to have , well , union . 
  if my state 's interests and your state 's interests diverge so much that we cant overcome them , there is no point in having a union . 
  yeah . 
  i think everyone agrees that the european union needs serious reforms to tackle the problems it faces . 
  the problem is that a agreement in my view will be very difficult . 
  in the past , the states interests aligned and that made agreements easier to get . 
  nowadays , there is a clear divide between north ( lead by germany ) and south ( lead by france ) . 
  i dont think a compromise will be reached regarding the debt issue , eurobonds , government spending and so on . 
  what i think will happen is that things will be more or less the same ( despite macron 's promises of reforms ) , and the eu will continue to stay in a state of paralysis till more and more people are against it . 
  i think that this is a pretty reasonable assumption . 
  only surprised that isnt more than a third . 
  i personally believe it wont last more than 10 years . 
  it 's true that the european union has binded many countries that had grievances for centuries .
