  bull . 
  merkel made mistakes , this is not one of them . 
  refugees are here now , no fence in hungary will change that anymore . 
  greece and italy need help . 
  those refugees need to be taken care of ( even if it 's only to process asylum and throw them out again ) . 
  if you do n't want that as a country , now you have a way to buy out of responsibility . 
  the most interesting part is that those troublemakers are not the original immigrants ... but their offspring . 
  refugees and migrant workers know how good they have it in germany and are grateful . 
  the second generation takes these things for granted . 
  they try to find an identity for themselves and thereby idolize their roots , develop a strong sense of away-from-home-nationalism . 
  when i went to school a decade ago , i met a lot of kurds full of hatred towards jews and isrealites , although they never even met a single one . 
  was n't denmark told off by the eu after they closed their borders ? 
  i believe it went something like  * this is no time for unilateral actions *, 
  is n't this a logical fallacy ? 
  transfer of guilt by association ? 
  also , the sanctity of your home will stay intact . 
  nobody expects you personally to do anything . 
  no worries . 
  i do n't feel like this statistic concerns the context of my comment . 
  if you want to discuss the question whether there are differences or not , a local lawyer might be able to explain . 
  immigration and asylum are different things . 
  the state can dictate with the latter where the asylants get to live . 
  avoiding ghettoization is important . 
  but helping in this crisis and not getting stuck on fringe issues like these is as well . 
  a lot of people in germany agree . 
  willkommenskultur is the new big thing around here . 
  its becoming a national pride thing . 
  i 've never experienced anything like it . 
  there are countless volunteers sharing resources and organizing german courses for the refugees . 
  even if there 's this whole `` we just make more come narrative '' , does anybody actually think it matters ? 
  nobody is interfering in syria , millions will keep on coming regardless . 
  instead of shutting off and leave the border states to suffer , germany takes their share to help and house these refugees . 
  eu members opposing to help share the burden like england look like petty nationalists in my countrymens eyes these days . 
  after , when , if ... 
  surely you jest . 
  natives are the majority in the vast number of cities with a significant imnigration percentile , not the immigrants themselves . 
  if there were problems they would surely be reflected in polls . 
  i personally tend to believe that war immigrants are very conservative in nature because of all the things they lost and would actually oppose mass immigration after their own integration . 
  that all takes ressources not every country can provide . 
  even a safe haven like germany struggles to even find appropriate space for all the asylants . 
  most of the time the immigrants are settled in underdeveloped parts of cities amongst the local poor . 
  were it all so easy ... 
  but in the end it 's a complex situation with a lot of challanges for an understandably unprepared society . 
  is n't there a whole subreddit of people too radical for this subreddit ? 
  r/european was it ? 
  this thread was comparably tame, 
  controversial comments were surely opposed , unlike circlejerks , as i remember it at least . 
  i do not agree that the whole thread needed to be purged . 
  holy comment graveyard !, 
  i was just having a reasonable discussion or two about immigration in sweden . 
  why is the whole thread being nuked ? 
  i do n't think that the majority of those people are for absolute isolationism , but rather dampening the scale of immigration to the proportions of other european countries . 
  woosh, 
  you 're focusing on the * getting insulted * part of the comment , not on the * reacting irrationally * part . 
  like basing your political opinion about an important issue in your feelings about a satire . 
  you can get offended all you want by all the stuff around you . 
  sure , critisize away and be offended . 
  that was n't the point though . 
  the original poster was suggesting that people would n't vote for a certain issue with this satiric sketch in mind . 
  it 's not quite gunning the artist down , but still an overreaction to an unrepresentative comment , in this case a comic . 
  it 's a sketch , likely one of satiric origin , which no sane person will use to base a vote on . 
  i thought we were already through with this * getting insulted by satire * schtick after charlie hebdo . 
  the alternative to austerity is worse , since debt restructuring was never an option . 
  other countries manage to pull through with these kinds of programs and growth was actually anticipated for greece 2 years ago ... but it somehow did n't turn out that way ( looking at the last corrupt government here ) , sadly turned out even worse with the 5 months long interruption by syriza . 
  is n't it logical that recessions are n't easy to overcome and actually need time and commitment ? 
  that 's what the people want , so mutti stays in power . 
  would be interesting to hear what it was he was trying to argue . 
  at the end of the day you have to acknowledge that he sits there with experienced finance ministers who probably all think what sch\u00e4uble said in a fit in the article . 
  `` i 'm not an idiot '' , as in `` why are you trying to explain economic consequences to me ? '' . 
  add to that varoufakis being in a position of having something expected of him : making traditional austerity reforms to keep the country afloat . 
  what he tried to argue may have been something immediately discarded by the collective because it does n't fit what wiggle room he had . 
  maybe . 
  talked to my sister just now again over dinner . 
  she looked at me weirdly when i asked if she had any data on the subject and again described `` roma trouble '' as `` constant '' . 
  so ... there 's that . 
  well , a public servant can hardly tape and publish their conversations . 
  i comment in good faith and have no horse in this race , but it sounds like you do :  work experience does n't fit your narrative = disregarded conservative , racist crybaby, 
  is this enough to disregard ? 
  because it sounds like you 're stereotyping now . 
  i have personally never had a run in with roma , but a close relative of mine is working in a middle management position for the arbeitsagentur ( employment bureau ? ), 
  and she never ceases to complain about roma . 
  that 's certainly not because of prejudices , but because they 're usually the cases that stick with her and the bureau for years on end . 
  because she 's in middle management , she has to take care of those tough cases . 
  she describes the roma she has gotten into contact with as unwilling to actually find and stick with a job , yet hellbent on receiving social funding . 
  is this exaggerated ? 
  maybe , at least the relative sounded genuinely pissed . 
  it 's within the family , coming from someone directly in the business of getting people out of employment , so i would n't say so . 
  maybe it 's an isolated case for my city though . 
  it 's not ignoring when it 's crystal clear from the start that this was n't going to happen . 
  syriza 's campaign platform was delusional and the greek people were told as much from outside . 
  took them 5 months of driving what 's left of the greek economy into the ground to realize the fact and finally get serious with reforms on thursday . 
  elections are held more than once . 
  removal of opposition and their supporters is a common theme in broken democracies . 
  besides , oppressive governments are not known for common sense and democratic values . 
  edit : i do n't know which european countries almodozo had in mind . 
  do some convincing , russian style . 
  fair enough , let 's stay on point though . 
  do you feel like this is the case here ? 
  that 's the interesting part we can have a debate about in this thread . 
  '' * i could show you that everybody else does it too * '' is not a good defense in a blatant case of hypocrisy .
