i 'm not a woman , but how about both ? 
  or neither ? 
  does there need to be a picture ? 
  it 's not like you 'll get knocked out seven to one ... 
  and that 's just so sad . 
  if this relatively young state would 've had more time , one or two generations perhaps , it could 've been a success . 
  yeah !, 
  when i think of prussia , i think of mighty generals with mighty mustaches . 
  but also that the prussian kings established one of the first mandatory education programs worldwide , institutionalizing universities and schools . 
  please note the `` and not militarily '' in the brackets up there, 
  if not the rise of prussia and emancipation from the holy roman empire in the 17 hundreds until the crushing defeat against napoleon in 1807 , probably right now . 
  we 're economically respected around the world for our craftsmanship and work attitude while politically ( and not militarily ) advocating a united europe for the first time in history . 
  probably not though . 
  [ no real turk would think * that * way ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ), 
  i do n't want to be the guy who has to translate that joke, 
  yeah , who wants to invade sweden anyway ? 
  i 'd rather do poland again, 
  obviously no direct quote , but paraphrasing the idea . 
  nobody would say that . _ . 
   let 's not encourage this `` renewable energy '' thing great idea , spain . 
  great idea . 
  try deadalic 's point & clicks like `` a whispered world '' and `` deponia '' . 
  they count among germany 's finest . 
  also anno and crysis, 
  sorry to see you did n't make it again , austria : / ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ( i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ joking ), 
  it 's quite simple . 
  those parties do not represent a big enough portion of germany for the system to let them throw wrenches into the political process . 
  as example , imagine the cdu with 49 % of the vote and having to partner up with a 2 % party because every other coalition would be worse . 
  that small party is suddenly in an enormous and silly position of power . 
  the way we have it , such a party has to at least represent 1/20th of germany . 
  i ca n't quite comprehend why a lawyer has to put up with accusations about their political views when taking such a defendant , especially from colleagues . 
  why does it matter ? 
  if i 'd be a lawyer , i would put a wall between my beliefs apart from justice and the case at hand . 
  i would try my hardest and if prosecution wins , justice is probably served . 
  how about `` innocent until proven guilty '' , implies a lot less incompetence . 
  i think she was agitated . 
  dunno if its worth putting too much thought into . 
  i 've always entertained the idea of moving to norway . 
  ca n't articulate why really . 
  you may should have specified what is pretty . 
  not everyone expects the most positive of intentions . 
  evolution at work, 
  2014 looks so happy ... 
  i think most germans are afraid to do so . 
  last time i was in berlin i had to shake off , quite horrified , the sudden urge to do a quick detour invasion of poland before heading home . 
  * mandatory german humor disclaimer *, 
  i am not talking about unemployment insurance , since that was back when i came out of my first half a year of employment as intern . 
  i legitimately would 've been ground down by some 3 digit figure in payments if i did n't oblige to what was expected of me , do n't remember exactly how much . 
  something is obviously not working here ( pun not intended ) . 
  how can so many stay unemployed for 15 years ? 
  i was unemployed in germany for a few months at one point . 
  there is ridiculous pressure on you to find a job here . 
  you need to write a minimum number of applications a month , get mandatory job offers you need to pursue , go to courses to look over your applications etc. 
  if you do n't do any of that , your benefits grind down hard . 
  i wonder what it 's like in sweden . 
  i think it was just yesterday when she admitted to underestimating the situation . 
  you 'll find this absolutely fabulous then : they found out yesterday that the roof of ber is under danger of collapse because the installed chimneys weigh 3 tons and not 2 as planned . 
  the whole area of the main building has been sealed off and construction has stopped ... again . 
  assuming that hungary dealt with that how others forces would . 
  assuming that large numbers of refugees will find each other in the assigned country to riot together , since the event you mentioned entailed a thousand people . 
  but alas , i 'm no policeman or somesuch which could give much more insight . 
  i 'm also not intimate with the whole process , starting with how people will be transported and distributed within countries . 
  the only thing that i can be sure of is that everything will be easier when everyone has to process some , and not some process everyone . 
  i have no witty comeback for that one . 
  that 's just about the laziest excuse there is . 
  but i get what you 're saying , because germany is experiencing it for stepping up . 
  the quote itself can be negotiated . 
  all can be done in moderation and proportionality , concerning how much a country can handle . 
  not arbitrarily , but by statistics like the gdp or in spain 's case the present amount of asylum processes . 
  refusing to process a single asylant however is the extremist position here , because there is no room for negotiation . 
  edit : also , i find the economic migrant part to be quite interesting , because it 's solved by the quota . 
  as it works , if the asylum process is optimal , any non-endangered refugees will be sent right back , which in experience is about half of the total . 
  so the migrants are out . 
  now if the quote is added , the real refugee can no longer decide where they will go , as they lose any and all rights in other eu countries . 
  i 'm not in the position to do anything about that . 
  but you talk like the authorities have no experience with rioters and the like . 
  what , me ? 
  i did n't even know that spain was having a problem in this area . 
  but that 's just me . 
  according to established law , namely dublin , we germans could just send all the refugees and immigrants back to the border states , so mostly greece . 
  but ... we do n't . 
  the majority of germans thinks sharing the load of processing refugees is important , to help the border states . 
  why else do this ? 
  there 's no pretending . 
  why did n't we do anything about spain ? 
  good question , i would n't know . 
  maybe nobody took a lead , you know , like germany now ? 
  it 's good setting a precedent for next time , right ? 
  get your island off to the coast of america already , jesus ... 
  should we go back to `` refugees stay in the border country '' aka greece ? 
  less entitled , more in the uncomfortable position of having to play the boss . 
  do you see somebody else taking the charge on this ? 
  it 's getting kind of urgent . 
  too urgent if you ask the average greek or serbian . 
  france and britain seem eerily quiet about the whole matter , other than walling up calais . 
  better to start at some point , right ? 
  setting a precedent is important . 
   we are not german vassal states you know ... 
  yet . 
  looks like we are aiming for the diplomatic victory this time around .
