  it 's not a major crisis , but it 's certainly an elephant in the room . 
  it was actually captain bubbles victory line from heroes of newerth . 
  that is kind of already the case in form of heavy government support for single mothers/fathers . 
  couples are taxed differently anyway and child benefits are a core part of our social system . 
  whatever , i guess i can stomach a little tax increase for my childless life . 
  justice will prevail !, 
  i hate to give up on people . 
  that 's good . 
  maybe france can get his aaa back ? 
  can someone tl : dr please ? 
  i ca n't speak an ounce of italian . 
  the common term around here is actually neo-nazi , because they tend to call themselves exactly that . 
  never heard `` anti-nazi '' in the german media before , something like this is always called a counterprotest . 
  i guess it 's a quick way to describe the notion behind the demonstration for a british audience . 
  also , what do you mean with  get over it , krauts . 
  it is not and that is not what they 're doing . 
  they 're described as hackers , but the practice at hand really is just ddos ` ing ( flooding a server with commands ) . 
  i wonder if the conservatives will give in at all . 
  they 're the majority after all . 
  it 's good that the socialist party knows whats up , but they 're not the hot pot . 
  sounds like poland is growing to be a major pain the ass of the european comission , so avidly defending acta while there is little information on how the vague paragraphs of legislation have to be interpreted . 
  i like . 
  [ we love our neighbors ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epght2y49-g ) bad german humor aside , seriously , we do !, 
  what are you getting at ? 
  i ca n't relate this post to any of the above . 
   it was something about ireland/other countries stalling legislation with public votes embedded in their constitution , right ? 
  if i was n't misunderstanding , there 's your explaination . 
  leo.org says it 's `` popular vote '' not `` public vote '' , so maybe i got it wrong . 
  i drive everyday to university and back by train and get controlled roughly 60 % of the time . 
  when i 'm in the inner city of hannover though taking the tube for 2 minutes i 'm barely ever checked . 
  different train companies have different policies . 
  and yeah , people do call at radio stations when they see speed cameras . 
  as a car manufacturing nation , we 're quite sensible about our ability to hit the gas . 
  you 'll see people speeding with 80 through the city more often than in any other country . 
  it would be a powerloss , i did n't deny that . 
  my point was that this action would be directly in favor of the european union , not the federal republic of germany . 
  it was not the point of my post , maybe we can discuss such a matter in another topic ? 
  noooo !, 
  do n't do it angela !, 
  i was talking about maastricht with the sarcastic half of that statement . 
  the circumvention of public votes was a necessary evil that governments were in favor of . 
  that 's nothing shady in my book , rather tinkering on the legislative body to get it to work at all . 
  unless i 'm thinking about something else right now ... it was something about ireland/other countries stalling legislation with public votes embedded in their constitution , right ? 
  and those irregulations ... 
  i think i should 've strapped my wording tighter . 
  i was spefically talking about something damaging passed into law above the parliaments and councils head . 
  it would be a european commissioner , not a german accountant . 
  there is no and there will never be such thing as direct control between countries in the eu . 
  if shady things get pulled off outside the written legality , the european union will disband . 
  of course it 's okay when rules get broken to save a country , if you allow the sarcasm , but as soon as anything remotely negative for any state gets passed over the heads of the legaslative body , prepare for a shitstorm . 
  you saw what happened with that rumor , that something like a mandatory yes/no from a european commissioner on greece 's budget decisions could be discussed/get voted on already caused an outcry , just because it came from a vague german direction . 
  the room reeks of paranoia . 
  which power ? 
  parliament and commission will never consist of a german majority , it does n't work that way . 
  so as long as they do their job , germany can only ~ insist ~ on something being talked about . 
  i 'm suggesting that the international housing crisis is the fault of the `` finance industry '' ( which did not aid in the debt crisis , so subtly yes ) . 
  mainly in the us , but there were big european banks like lloyds and deutsche bank too . 
  i 'm a bit puzzled as to why you came to that idea . 
  was i unclear ? 
  regulation does not work for one topic alone . 
  fair trade . 
  of course i can . 
  after the depression everybody was like `` alright guys , that was bad , but we 'll make it right again so you do n't have to lose your next house !, 
  vote for me ! '', 
  and now they 're like `` well , i 'll tinker this legislation that sounds quite good , but will never get passed and my banks get to trade those derivatives as they please . 
  i mean , what could go wrong , right guys ? '', 
  french farmers do n't take over your house , normally anyways . 
  strong argument . 
   not providing actual legislation but only providing the entirely non-democratic yea-or-nae for any legislation is that \u00eds passed is insulting somebody did n't study public law . 
  european veto already overwrites national law . 
  look up the dassonville , keck and cassis cases . 
  that 's the only ones i can think of right now , but that 's probably enough to outrage . 
  you see ... nearly every other european country has a somewhat powerful national party . 
  germany has one of it 's own , but every other force around here strifes to extinct them . 
  that 's why germanys population consists of 17 % foreigners or citizens with migration background , while france harbors 10 % , italy over 8 % counting in illegal immigration . 
  you want to see superiority . 
  it is a sad fact that germany is the driving force behind the eu and the hand that feeds after france lost it 's aaa rating . 
  and i say `` sad '' because of people like you , fueling hate . 
  i 'm a social democrat , i want to help . 
   also a little paranoia when germans start waving flags seems perfectly justifiable to me okay , forget it . 
  you make me sick . 
   the declaration that `` if greece wo n't take care of business the germans will '' exchange germans with european commissioner , does it sound any better ? 
  good , because thats how it would work . 
  on top of that , the idea was watching and approving/dispproving budget decisions by the greek government , not coming up with legislation . 
  deny that the greek people have a sad history of electing people driving their economy into the ground for at least two decades . 
   in the end the electoral result will not cause foreign policy to change too much whoever is elected . 
  i 'd like to agree but i do n't . 
  france and germany at the moment are closer together than under any other leadership for the past ever . 
  i 'm no conservative and i do n't like either of those leaders , but thats how it is . 
  you my friend are just [ paranoid of germany ] ( http://satwcomic.com/not-a-yahtzee ) . 
  well that 's embarassing . 
  i do look like an idiot now , do n't i ? 
  let me edit that out real quick ... 
  given that cameron wants to protect londons financial market which consists of roughly 30 % ( evil ) hedgefonds , regulation wo n't happen anytime soon on the isle . 
  saw that one coming a mile away . 
  he 's one of the guys who needs another financial crisis to open his eyes , following the unhealthy example of the us . 
  just for the record : i hope they both fail . 
  i see what you did there, 
  it 's convenience , not superiority . 
  they 're both conservatives .
