  bachelor in production management here . 
  sure . 
  there was an issue of `` the world economy '' last year that tackled this . 
  i was pretty rudimental with my explanations here , so that would be a bit more heavy of a read . 
  we were talking about borders , not about leaving the currency . 
  how difficult can it be to stay on one topic ... ? 
  all i 'm saying is that it should be obvious for everyone with an economics 101 understanding that border controls make it harder to do business and factor into industrial geographics next time somebody is looking to open a factory . 
  ever heard of `` just in time '' ? 
  come on man , it 's not rocket science ... edit : ... although it 's close . 
  there 's a whole field of study called `` operations research '' dedicated to optimizing that stuff . 
  we 're not talking specifically about tourism . 
  stop moving the goalpost ... of course economies can be fine without open borders . 
  restricted borders are still an added difficulty for companies . 
  you 're thinking state side logistics . 
  it 's not about the cost of manning border stations . 
  it 's about the added logistical strain on product prizes . 
  who 'd want to manufacture goods for europe in france when they lose time and resources to controls every time a transport goes out ? 
  why do you think schengen was such a big deal for economics ? 
  less job positions in the military sure ai n't it . 
  yeah , a wonderful idea . 
  just wait what wonders the added logistics will do to the french economy . 
  you can . 
  journalists do these things called opinion pieces . 
  this happens after gathering a lot of information and objectively reporting about a topic or issue for a long time . 
  this is hardly different ... 
  simply barring asylum seekers entry and due process with military force is not a solution , since that would break constitutional laws . 
   if ~ ~ the people ~ ~ / r/europe users could get a say in it fixed that for you, 
  i did n't want to go into that , just point out op 's logical flaw . 
  you 're right of course , it 's not an easy position to be in . 
  the only argument off the top of my head would be that a large number of asylum seeker there now are going to be denied in the coming months . 
  the difference is sweden helping to it 's capacity before closing . 
  so it 's just because germany is playing morality patrol ? 
  some may call that petty , but that 's fair i guess . 
  either way , it 's slightly amusing to watch our politicians get cold feet and fumble about because the `` willkommenskultur '' is n't spreading to the rest of the union as they hoped it would . 
  it 's okay , i do n't want to be mean either . 
  just discuss in good faith . 
  the problem has existed for years in syria , not just with merkel offering help . 
  civil war , bombings , militias terrorizing the populace ... 
  i would n't fault anyone for fleeing that zone . 
  turkey , greece and italy had to deal with this for a long time before mainland europe finally got involved and gave the border states some breathing room . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  why should croatia , slovenia , slovakia and the like help to deal with this ? 
  because we 're in a union and humanitarian crisis i guess . 
  germany decided to take the biggest blow in the mainland , even though we could 've just laid back like france and england , twiddling thumbs . 
  people need help , whether they are in syria or reach the german border might as well be irrelevant on a humanitarian level . 
  sharing and proportionality are the words you 're looking for . 
  if germany manages a million , why ca n't the smaller country in your example manage 1 % of that ? 
  that 's more than six times less refugees to process in proportion . 
  if germany can not handle the influx , it 's because the countries taking part and close to a proportion are in the vast minority . 
  reading comments like this , it 's hard to imagine that just 3 european countries process 80 % of the refugee load if it takes so much balls to say no . 
  i feel like it 's much harder to assume responsibility . 
  i do n't even know what that 's supposed to mean , sorry . 
  all that i know is that we could finally start paying back the debts that germany owes and not just the annual interest . 
  sustainability and such , make more wiggle room for future investments . 
  the cdu is sadly the best at that right now . 
  i 'll give you that they 're liberals , but not at all fiscally responsible . 
  all they run on is lowering taxes . 
  i wish they were n't such fuckups ... 
  to be honest , i 'd like a party right of the cdu . 
  a conservative party , liberal and fiscally responsible like the academic wing of the afd was supposed to be before nationalists overtook the whole thing . 
  it just made me so sad when that happened ... 
  what a valuable comment this is . 
  you might want to consider making a coherent argument ? 
  just because someone is using annoying buzzwords does n't mean he ca n't have a point . 
  sure , that 's the ultimate goal here . 
  look at all the refugees we 're taking to make you weak111 !!, 
  or , you know , a call to finally make up your mind , britain . 
  hollande is asking `` which is it ? 
  president of the map just called ; he said no . 
  oh i agree . 
  terrorism is inefficient when it comes to killing , but very efficient when it comes to terror . 
  human instinct works against us for that one , to the detriment of our refugee population . 
  the point is that nobody does . 
  pigeonholing an entire demographic is an act of futility . 
  to be fair , fallon never states any illusions that uk 's opposition will actually have the power to stop the formation of an eu army . 
  he just represents his countries stance on the issue . 
  she did n't expose anything but her head and arms though ... 
  the shame inducing part was being forced to do a thing in front of others . 
  but that is what happens when you break the law . 
  it 's a show of principle . 
  the little things that matter when stacked on top of each other . 
  we have a saying that comes to mind : those who do not honor the pfennig are not worth the taler . 
  germans disagreed . 
  they did n't want that more immediate risk at their doorstep . 
  * shrug *, 
  what 's not to get ? 
  to 700 deaths in france done by some 700 perpetrators most likely close to the victim in some complex relationship drama or shady business , about 200 were added by just 2 terror attacks within a year . 
  it 's mindless , random killing seemingly striking at a whim . 
  you can be a good person , not hang around with the wrong crowd and you 'll most likely be fine in terms of domestic killings . 
  terror does n't work that way . 
  that fucks with peoples heads . 
  what 's the bulk of that ? 
  domestic disputes ? 
  this is something different . 
  either way , we 're going above average these days, 
  it 's perfectly fine not to follow america though . 
  that 's the difference . 
  capitalism has the risk of burning your investments if you bet on the wrong horse . 
  uncertainty is just bad for business . 
  well , if you do n't happen to be one of the huge banks who can count on a bailout that is ...
