  why does n't britain step into a leading position ? 
  oh right , we 'd be twiddling thumbs then . 
  the poor and weak eu states opposing this motion get their gift money penalized by some 0,00002 % of gdp when they refuse to show basic solidarity and morality in a crisis . 
  oh the humanity ... what will become of europe with these abhorent , psychopathic bullying tactics ? 
  do i need to use / s ? 
  they 're no longer refugees when they 're registered in another country . 
  all they get is the boot ... in form of a train ticket . 
  i do n't know a lot about austrian economics , so i have to pass on that one . 
  it just sounds doable when countries like croatia and serbia are coping . 
  but syrian is the highest represented nationality . 
  half of all asylum seekers will get the boot once their asylum process is through ( sooner or later depending on how well the eu will work together ) , but make no mistake , the syrians will stay . 
  that 's why you should concern yourself with them . 
  i would like to see your statistics on gender though , barely able to find anything on that . 
  i agree that some 0,01 % of refugees are rioting and playing the media like a fiddle . 
  i tend to think that this proves fuck all , since hungarian police is used to much worse from their own population compared to some age 20-something punks kicking a gate . 
  i again agree with you . 
  a quota would certainly cement the idea that you as refugee can not necessarily decide where to go in europe and allow other countries to help with the asylum process . 
  it just get 's me to see people either unable or losing their ability to empathize . 
  interesting simplification . 
  do n't know how applicable it is . 
  i would call the police for help since i am overwhelmed with the situation . 
  the popular opinion about a syrian refugee is that he probably was n't even in danger , fled and decided to get the most cash for the buck . 
  now let 's imagine something wild . 
  you 're a syrian christian . 
  you get the notice that the militia is on the way to your town . 
  you pack as fast as you can . 
  your brother dies in the flight . 
  on the way to europe , you spend most of your money on getting smuggled , trusting dubious individuals every so often . 
  the rest goes to keeping your family fed . 
  on the way you hear about germany and how they would be able to give you a stable existence without prejudice . 
  you hear about other countries hostilities towards refugees . 
  on the journey this golden image of hope about germany forms in the heads of your family and it becomes the single thing that keeps you going . 
  would you , at any point , give a fuck about european law ? 
  that 's what i find issue with . 
  even if half of all the syrians are aggressive , irrational , wife-beating arseholes who might never even were in danger to begin with ... is that reason enough to condemn every single reasonable , family and peace loving syrian willing to integrate among them ? 
  it 's the use of `` they '' and `` them '' being all bad , women and children included . 
  i actually agree with everything you just said . 
  what i found issue with was the dehumanizing part . 
  some commenters only want to see greed , erase any possibility of justifyable reason in this large mass of people . 
  if the people posting here were in their shoes , you could probably perfectly justify the desire to secure the best , new start for the surviving members of your family after fleeing from a war torn country and giving everything you had left to smugglers . 
  is n't that just natural as head of a family ? 
  no matter how warped the goal is . 
  of course it 's perfectly safe to be in hungary , but if sweden is the golden hope for those people who lost everything beginning in syria , will they not do everything to get there , even if irrational ? 
  you 're so right . 
  they just want to go where they can imagine the best , fresh start for their families after civil war , or already have family members present . 
  what are they , greedy monsters ? 
  it 's so easy writing this dehumanizing shit from your cozy home , is n't it ? 
  yeah , those fucking cretins , welcoming humans who have no existence or home to speak of ... 
  i mean savages !, 
  you see it in this video , right ? 
  they 're surely all that aggressive , coming from a civil war and all . 
  they do n't know any better , right ? 
  especially the women and children . 
  animals , i tell you ... 
  what the fuck ... 
  he came back 2 times ? 
  and the savage threatened to behead the cashier before fleeing again ... jesus , that guy is fucked in the head . 
  i agree that there have to be hotspots , or really any way to make this whole process go along much faster . 
  the sooner invalid asylum seekers get thrown back the way they came , the better . 
  helping the border states cope should be the absolute priority for all eu member states in this crisis . 
  it 's already a bizarre world out there . 
  i 've recently driven through berlin , from districts neu-k\u00f6lln to mitte . 
  that 's 2 minutes of heavy traffic to go from kebabs at every corner and barely any identifyable germans on the street to gucci , extravagant night clubs and high society . 
  i doubt anyone would notice a 1 % population plus of syrians . 
  she declared it suspended then , close enough . 
  the vize chairman of the european parliament however declared it `` dead '' in quick succession . 
  she was in austria for an emergency meeting with faymann a day or so before the announcement if i remember correctly , where a full truck load of dead refugees was found in the city . 
  i can imagine that hit her quite hard . 
  well , she did encourage them , but not directly . 
  i was a bit construed . 
  what she did was promise that she wo n't send back refugees to border states in order to process asylum , to share the load of greece and italy so to say , thereby declaring dublin ii dead . 
  morality escapes you . 
  intent on staying hostile towards those who seek refuge and ignoring the plight of fellow states who try to help according to european law and those who started ignoring dublin ii just to join the effort ... but what you represent , the inactive ones , are now the weak and oppressed , is it ? 
  because of the possibility of a funds cut worth some 0,0002 % of gdp ? 
  how can you even spew this bullshit ? 
  come off it . 
  jesus christ , you talk like germany sent out an army of trains to go fetch syrians . 
  the refugees came and the german government decided to process asylum of arriving foreigners instead of sending them back to italy and greece . 
  as a sign of solidarity . 
  * of course * other countries * like yours * look like shitty nationalists when they refuse to take part in this crisis . 
  do n't be surprised when you get treated like it , no matter the strenght . 
  all could be weighed in moderation , but too many are already opposing to process a single asylant . 
  oh , no , no , this is not a mistake . 
  do i win the argument now ? 
  edit : it 's just remarkable how the lowest effort comment wins in voting over the other answers i received . 
  those guys at least tried to argue . 
  what a disgraceful display . 
  responsibility is supposed to be shared in the union . 
  that 's not arbitrary , that 's looking at the member list . 
  with proper weighing of course , which also is n't arbitrary , but dependent on gdp and the like . 
  that would be grudge politics then ? 
  fuck syrians , italians and greeks because of petty grudges ? 
  you surely have it worse than all of them combined , poor spaniard . 
  oh i 'm sick of this narrative . 
  merkel announced that her government will not send refugees back to the border states according to dublin 2 , but instead process asylum here . 
  to take weight off italy and greece . 
  she declared dublin dead because of morality and solidarity , that 's all there is to it . 
  but let me bite : how long is that ago ? 
  2 weeks ? 
  you think the million refugees strutting around in europe all started to move at that point ?
