  he did n't . 
  he said : `` virtually none of you have ever done a proper job in your lives '' . 
  what a curious thing to ask . 
  are you trying to shame that guy for his life choices or something ? 
  if you 're serious , my bet is on age . 
  hands not being steady anymore , that kind of stuff . 
  you have a valid point then . 
  a day will come when the parties in the european parliament will vie to present a proper head of the union with proper powers . 
  with power will come great responsibility , which will need to be elected . 
  but today is not the day and populist bickering is just that . 
  yeah but feelings should n't factor into systems . 
  besides , an election of that scale really would n't give you a lot of meaning for one vote . 
  you 'll have a bigger voice by voting for a head of state who represents your choice . 
   `` imposed '' so is everyone else appointed by parties . 
  justices , delegates , diplomats , list goes on . 
  even the german president is n't voted into power . 
  president sounds big , but juncker ca n't even vote in the council while the president of cyprus does . 
  if we would have a more powerful eu president , i 'd be more inclined to agree , but this is just hot air for populist propaganda . 
  on the one hand : * feelings * . 
  do n't care very much about those . 
  on the other hand , yeah , more centralization instead of fragmentation into nationalities , sure . 
  that 's not the representation right now though with nationalists on the rise everywhere in europe to the point that the uk voted to leave the eu , because it saw it 's own national independence in danger . 
  but that really does n't hinge on whether we elect juncker or our representatives do . 
  austria , home of the mountain-germans . 
  and we need that why ? 
  our directly elected officials are doing that . 
  you can already influence who 'll gon na be in that position , just on a european scale . 
  we thereby avoid problems the americans are having with those huge elections , burning a lot of time and money for example . 
  i do n't think he is . 
  juncker is highly qualified for the job , a video of his antics wo n't change the value of his work . 
  was n't this the whole shtick of the leave campaign ? 
  ~ ~ they 're ~ ~ `` the people '' are sick of experts and academics who just happen to be the ones doing the disproving here . 
  restore the pentarchy !, 
  reclaim the 200 ad borders !, 
  ... right guys ? 
  still solid advice, 
  thankfully it was only a 4 minute segment . 
  he 'd manage to botch it if it went on longer, 
  i just now questioned his decision to make this referendum . 
  should i have mentioned cameron by name for your convenience ? 
  you should really try this * thinking * stuff . 
  it 's great !, 
  you 're not really into this whole * thinking * business , are you ? 
  i know it 's hard , but reality is n't all black and white . 
  we have checks and balances all over . 
  why this foreign policy issue had to come to a referendum instead of being an election talking point is beyond me . 
  but what about the populist leaders ? 
  they were surely great for germany ? 
  i mean , they had all the support . 
  remilitarize the rhineland !, 
  we 're just doing bad because of the ~ ~ immigrants ~ ~ jews !, 
  would 've made for a lot of stellar referendums i reckon . 
  i do n't think that the people of gibraltar would join spain , but rather demand a referendum to declare independence . 
  ca n't you guys just unite over the hate for england ? 
  in germany we usually do n't have volksabstimmungen like those because large parts of the populace are susceptible to populism and generally uninformed , thus unfit to make a decision of this scale . 
  there 's a reason we have people who 's full time jobs is the representation of their constituents . 
  the uk [ were the fastest growing economy in europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/k2mxwg1.jpg ) , until yesterday anyway . 
  that 's the way i 'm talking about the leave voter demographics . 
  look at the statistics . 
  academics overwhelmingly voted remain . 
  what did uneducated old people have to deal with anyway ? 
  i 'll tell you what . 
  staggering economic growth ever since they joined and the odd newspaper article talking shit , the latter being more important, 
  even the grexit was something everybody but the cynics wanted to avoid , so i dunno . 
  the granadan emirate and it 's cohorts did n't convert to christianity , it got thrown back to morocco by the castillians . 
  it 's more about the orthodox church never having a religious revolution as opposed to the catholic church with the protestant reformation . 
  the only way that happened would be if byzanthium never fell to the ottomans . 
  i ca n't recall a muslim country ever converting . 
  even then , the byzanthian people were orthodox . 
  i could see a similar development to russia . 
  the voting system is awful in that sub . 
  i can never resist clicking on putin 's head . 
  i do n't know . 
  who 's supposed to have a man like trump in his pocket ? 
  clinton however is very obvious about it . 
  i do n't . 
  she 's already in the pocket of every shady business on the planet . 
  i think that was a jab eurovision ^ sorry ^ if ^ ^ i ^ ^ did n't ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  i guess it 's because they only have two parties , so a lot of stuff gets lumped together ? 
  it 's just so weird . 
  many of the policies supposedly associated with liberalism nowadays should really be linked to the social democratic approach instead . 
  i 'm really irritated by the use of * liberal * these days . 
  does n't that stand for liberty ? 
  what does that have to do with protection from insults ? 
  i 'd think as liberal i would stand for the right to say whatever the fuck i want about anyone while everyone else can , too . 
  freedom of expression and somesuch . 
  thats exactly why we has crusades back in the day : just send the testosterone pumped youths off to war so they do n't make any trouble at home, 
  i think the many tourists watching were also a good incentive not to . 
  i 've got both nationalities and always root for the austrian team !, 
  even got a big flag at home for special occasions !, 
  ... hav n't got to use it yet , it 's getting kind of dusty ... 
  it 's so sad . 
  more frustrated cdu voters should be aware that there is an alternative that has n't gone full nutjob . 
  i 'll vote alfa in the coming election at least . 
  yes , if you count the territories . 
  those are for example not part of the european union . 
  we were talking about metropolitan france . 
  continents do not adhere to nations . 
  france would be a multi-continent country , like turkey . 
  did n't he just put in an executive order to limit his own power ?
