  he 'll be great with trump . 
  the two of them look like long lost brothers . 
  politicians are opinionated people . 
  the best of them do what they set out to do and that is what 'll get them voted in . 
  this referendum got nobody voted in or out . 
  that 's why cameron took his leave , he refused to have that be his job . 
  we all know that a government employee will do what he has to if it is forced upon him : very slowly and begrudgingly . 
  [ romania , fuck yeah !, 
  having no plan was part of the arguments for remain . 
  sadly , the leave side won without even having to field the plan . 
  some busses with pictures of migrants and empty financial promises were enough . 
  i 'm a bit surprised that they found someone willing to put herself on roast and manage this disaster so soon . 
  any bets on when may will deem that they 're '' * ready * '' ? 
  yes . 
  have you noticed that you can lose money in capitalism , depending on how you invest ? 
  that risk is the nature of the beast . 
  i 'd much rather have this and give bankers a real sense of threat to their actions , lest they lose their investors . 
  strobl and tillich come to mind , maybe altmaier and tauber . 
  you somehow reminded me of [ an old ad ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efd3tli4kpu ), 
  oh , my viewing party was wondering about that from the start , when he was first announced . 
  many mumbled that that should n't be allowed and we got increasingly agitated at how often he decided in favor of the french . 
  the handball was never a cause for debate though , we were all mad at schweinsteiger for that . 
  both goals had nothing to do with the ref . 
  we lamented that the second goal would n't have happened if boateng was still in or kimmich played a little more competent . 
  i cracked up when i heard the german block chanting `` schei\u00df italiener ! '', 
  also wondering why there was an italian ref when we just had them beat in the quarter finals . 
  you were obviously parroting a shitty meme there . 
  ridiculed you for it . 
  did n't downvote though . 
  the uk was in it for itself from the start . 
  they would n't even ever have left without a referendum and still was the most likely candidate for it . 
  if you want a crisis , go to ukraine or syria . 
  what we have here is occupational therapy . 
  oh and politicians ramble against each other , what a surprise , huge motor of division this project . 
  not to think what we would be without it , unified or something . 
   but it did n't work out it 's still working at this very moment . 
  glad we have you here to peer into the future ? 
  write shit comments , get shit responses . 
  like forming a european union for example . 
  apples and oranges . 
  switzerland never entered to begin with . 
  austria would be leaving from a position of integration . 
  adjustment would take time , resources and creates uncertainty , which is bad for business . 
  reddit commentor butthurt that actor has an opinion other than his own . 
  now to tom with the weather . 
  i 'm just saying that the last host nation we fought did n't make the cut . 
  if that was a hot topic protest where counter protests are formed and stuff like that , that would be something different . 
  those parents should 've stayed at home . 
  it probably was n't even larger than 100 people though with the pro brexit side being ... probably actually in britian . 
  protests are n't all the same . 
  ... you have polls on which german you hate most ? 
  hmm . 
  why do n't we have those ... 
  disgraceful !, 
  schumacher and the rest of the 82 ' squad should really behave when they 're on the field come thursday !, 
  was n't that guy more christian zaelot ? 
  that looks like a family sign those 3 have there . 
  are you just gon na leave that child at home alone ? 
  looks like he/she has fun . 
  good . 
  crushing hopes is a german speciality . 
  [ just ask brazil . 
  that we have in common, 
  it was a metaphor for social justice policies in sweden supposedly breeding `` beta males '' . 
  where did you learn to speak political german ? 
   but the pound is recovering for now ... ftfy, 
  it 's a german thing, 
  would you say these headlines are too ... brextreme ? 
  true . 
  lot 's of popcorn to be had . 
  i 'm rooting for trump as a continued source of entertainment . 
  i did n't know that !, 
  total 373.900 billion versus 2.849 trillion according to wikipedia , that 's about 8 times as much for the uk ( 550x8 = 4400 ) . 
  so they actually have to pay about 2 billion less than before , if they get the same deal as norway . 
  * little britain * i 'm dying right now , this is great, 
  after . 
  that 's what i meant with benefits : science funding and the like . 
  i may have overlooked something though , hence the sources for your convenience . 
  at least there 'll be a lot more tourism with the pound falling like that . 
  i 'm already planning a shopping trip to london the weekend article 50 gets announced !, 
  they 'd have to pay more than before if we just compare to norway . 
  norways [ annual commitment is around 550 million ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/what-would-a-norway-style-relationship-with-the-eu-entail/ ) after benefits . 
  britain has 13 times the population ( 550x13 = 7150 ) and [ was paying 6,5 billion ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12176663/eu-facts-how-much-does-britain-pay-to-the-eu-budget.html ) after benefits . 
  easy to say . 
  i would love to see a texas referendum with a 52 % favorable vote count and how it affects the english speaking world . 
  hell no . 
  it 's so easy for populists to affect a `` freedom : yes/no '' vote . 
  it sounds great to not pay those guys , to make britain great again . 
  and of course people will bite . 
  just imagine how clever the average human is , then despair when you realize that one half of the population is even more stupid . 
  why make a foreign policy decision of epic proportions on the whim of a population who wo n't be informed about the issue anyway there 's a reason why we elect people who represent us and get paid to think about this shit full time . 
  it 's not like i was littering ... that 's a straight ticket to hell, 
  i 'd be surprised if anything at all moves until october . 
  it 's what people want to read . 
  drama and confirmation bias sells at the newspaper stand . 
  * `` others do it too '' * is not a valid justification though . 
  attention should be drawn to unacceptable behavior . 
  i 'd see it as different enough , given that scotland wants to stay in the union while uk drags it out . 
  it 's valuing one membership over the other . 
  that specific precedent wo n't ever happen in spain or france , but rather acts as a deterrent to countries who 're playing with the thought of leaving .
