  silly me , answering a question . 
  up north , close to hanover . 
  in short ? 
  she does what 's right , not what 's easy . 
  edit : downvoted within 2 minutes of writing that . 
  how dare i. 
  it 's crazy how much has changed in my area . 
  an elderly couple had their house burgled in the light of day a few weeks ago . 
  last week my sister saw a guy stalking around my parents house in the dark . 
  luckily he ran and nothing happened . 
  since then they always lock the front door tight . 
  i can understand the need to arm yourself nowadays . 
  even though i 'm a supporter of merkel and her stance , there is this growing feeling that the whole situation keeps drifting out of control since december . 
  maybe he 's an imperialist ? 
  i can only imagine people starting to kidnap kids as free ticket to europe ... 
  friend , i think that was what the other europeans call `` joking '' . 
  you are supposed to chuckle now if i remember correctly . 
  it kind of begs the question ... where are all the women if not waiting ? 
  in these backwards countries they are basically attached to men , are they not ? 
  ... we germans are taught to learn from our history . 
  it 's just sad to see those who are doomed to repeat it . 
  this has nothing to do with the outcome of an election and everything with the debilitation of the constitutional tribunal . 
  pis basically pulled the teeth of their own watchdog . 
  edit : i 'm curious to see if voting laws are next . 
  i feel you there . 
  some have the same hope for germany 's right wing conservatives . 
  i did n't know that russia counted among slavic countries . 
  they seem rather big and multi facetted . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i was under the impression that isis had this view , hence the quotation marks . 
  really , by force ? 
  that 's quite some malicious gossip . 
  i thought we were past that as a people . 
  when we actually get a united military , the dudu 's and orban 's of europe would most likely be reprimanded by the way more powerful governing body that was needed to get the military in the first place . 
  they still have a standing army of 26k to protect that neutrality however . 
  i 'm curious what happens with austria 's neutrality and defense force in case of a european federation . 
  maybe europe should inherit those commitments . 
  it 's part of the continent either way , so to say . 
  democracy , hell yeah !, 
  this comment is insanely stupid . 
  you seem to know nothing of merkels track record . 
  i 've seen this post in every thread on this topic . 
  as much as for sobotka , you 're saying nothing new here bippleboy . 
  merkel represents her people . 
  you said yourself in the first post that she is still popular and i already told you why . 
  germany is only playing morality patrol because this is something chastise others about . 
  try to turn around once . 
  how do you think we germans view all these other members refusing to help take some weight off the other european countries they are in a union with ? 
  heck , to give an example , how often do i see poles raving over the 7000 refugees they might have to process for asylum ? 
  some 0,001 % of their population . 
  that 's some solidarity to greece and italy who get fucked by the immigration waves right there . 
  and look at them now , voting in some far right shmucks into power who immediately try to take * more power * like it 's 1933 . 
  ah , i misunderstood then . 
  thanks . 
  do n't care much about semantics , but i 'm all for harsher systems and faster asylum processes , as long as it gets just results and stays ethically justifyable . 
  the brits are n't helping much , but i 'd like to see if that could work on a large scale . 
  bavarian politicians are exactly advocating for that , too , here in germany . 
  critics of this method point out that this is only moving the problem to tent cities who can not possibly be big enough to ethically house the migrant waves , especially in the winter that may or may not be coming soon . 
  what we instead try now is holding them back in turkey , as far as i understood it . 
  oh ... how would that work ? 
  i do n't really see the difference yet . 
  migrants would still apply for asylum and the same process of tests would start to find out whether their claim is valid . 
  right ? 
  well , it 's a joint effort , is n't it ? 
  we know the questions they are supposed to answer or fail the process . 
  i 'm not sure how to do it differently , but i 'm also just a layman on how it 's actually done . 
  i fully agree with you , actually . 
  to distinguish between refugee and migrant however , we ca n't just assume , we need to have professionals process asylum requests . 
  that takes about 5 months here in germany , to find out if a syrian accent is legit and his knowledge about his home region checks out for example . 
  that 's what we need help with , seperating the wheat from the chaff . 
  yes yes , helping others to thy own detriment is certainly frowned upon outside of germany , even on christmas . 
  sobotka did n't say anything new really . 
  his stance is as expected . 
  and she will continue to be popular , because germans think she 's doing the right thing . 
  voting right out of protest , huh ? 
  yeah , we did that in 1933 . 
  they also broke a lot of laws back then . 
  wild ride , that one . 
  sure , the guy is obviously not seeking refuge anymore . 
  pretty dumb to return to a torn region after all that trouble . 
  that 's a tad extreme . 
  i do n't know if this is a `` finns first '' kind of problem . 
  he 's most likely in the asylum process ? 
  which takes like 5 months in germany , so this 'll still take a while , even if a minimum wage kinda job would be available . 
  the discussion above just felt wrong ... some guys are just feeling really bad because they ca n't do anything productive and have too much time to think of stupid stuff like moving onto another country . 
  that 's about it , really ? 
  i 'm just imagining living for 3 months without doing anything ... just nothing , no work , no hobby , just a dreary winter sky in finland for 3 fucking months . 
  i 'd probably be itching to be working on * something * , too , really . 
  for me it just sounds like the guy wants to have purpose . 
  why should these statements be mutually exclusive ? 
  as i see it , one is about past failings , the other about managing the refugee crisis going forward . 
  i feel like you 're misrepresenting my comment . 
  i was critisizing specifically orumphul 's way to go about this , not offering any others . 
  i feel like you are being intellectually dishonest by assuming too much . 
  let us shut the door , press our palms to our ears and pretend we can not hear the banging . 
  that is truly what it means to do nothing but stand and watch . 
  you are advocating a testimony of disgrace to a civilized society , i believe . 
  i think the way you chose to phrase your comment is utterly absurd . 
  you state a subjective opinion as if it was fact . 
  heyo fellow economics science guy !,
