  i thought he 's a small government kinda guy . 
  does n't sound bad . 
  p\u00e9tain tried to be friends with the germans , right ? 
  and who needs a backbone anyway . 
  maybe we 'll even get alsace back !, 
  religious intolerance is a thing when your de jure lands are occupied by heathens . 
  it 's great to rally the peasantry and other catholic countries to your cause . 
  the minorities suffer by such policies , but alas , we 're talking about the middle ages . 
  dont mention the war !, 
  emphasis on brutal . 
  some cultures just do n't like bluntness , the japanese for instance . 
  i 'd take brutal honesty over two-facedness with my anchovies any day . 
  but i guess that 's the german in me . 
  i can already hear a british gentleman scoff in the distance . 
  that would 've made for an interesting world war !, 
  i do n't get why people think it 's a bad thing . 
  i like the transparency . 
  why minorities ? 
  isnt this just about one minority , those without a german pass ? 
  i do n't know man . 
  if i was a cop in a country where every other citizen has a gun , i 'd be afraid of some dude going for something at his waist first thing in a conversation . 
  going for my own gun to stop him from pulling out something sounds like the best option . 
  of course , the lower end of the bell curve is going to end badly in cases like this . 
  especially with how little training some states are giving their officers , like half a year compared to 2 years in germany . 
  i sincerely think that it 's the guns that are the main problem though . 
  they incentivize do-or-die behavior for self preservation . 
  edit : [ just some interesting numbers on the topic  ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-36826297 ) the american police force of 800k cops kill 1000 people and lose 50 officers each year . 
  too stuck up to smile at something silly and harmless ? 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  wait ... did n't the republican/anarchist alliance declare civil war first ? 
  i thought franco only took power when the current president died in exile . 
  wikipedia called it a conservative counter revolution edit : am bad at reading wikipedia , disregard this comment, 
  hard to tell . 
  i guess its a mix of fascism no longer being a threat to world peace , spain not entering the war and plenty of war exhaustion after the fall of the axis powers . 
  mind you there was the korean war despite all this , but thats because north korea declared and communism was beginning to be perceived as the new threat . 
  looks like a lose-lose situation to me . 
  if i read the wiki right , democrats were snuffed out by extremists on both sides during the war . 
  do n't know if communism would 've fared spain any better or worse . 
  they have mandatory service . 
  the military tried to draft me after i moved here for work and became citizen ... 
  i was so immensely sad when they discontinued that . 
  the funniest shit in all of german television history, 
  it 's just difficult to know that a portion of linke voters can basically be described as utopian communists . 
  i have a few friends doing social studies majors of that political orientation . 
  its always difficult when politics comes up as a topic , with their ideas of work for the willing and a universal income for all . 
  in the end its always agree to disagree . 
  it goes without saying that the afd suffers from bigots , even though i really liked the academically inspired , fiscally responsible party it started out as . 
  i think what im trying to say is that those two parties are a cesspool for germanys extremists , because their views wont stick anywhere else and those two parties need the votes too much to outright denounce despicable or unrealistic worldviews . 
  thats what makes them so easy to want to avoid . 
  i think germany historically has an aversion of extremists on either side . 
  it 's just not an electable position to be that far from the middle . 
  i know that i would n't want either the afd or die linke anywhere near a ruling coalition . 
  would n't you know ? 
  if this is strictly about voting , why are other commenters talking quotas then ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  if 75 % men and 25 % women apply for a job , you do not discriminate by selecting for merit and getting the same proportion as result . 
  a quota is what introduces discrimination into this by disproportionally favoring individuals in tge 25 % . 
  he got the number 3 spot on lockdown, 
  ah enver pasha , almost the most incompetent buffoon of the great war , second only to good old conrad . 
  lem me try to play devils advocate . 
  well , you got ta think why a young boy would do something like that . 
  i do n't think it 's about hamlet , but performing in the first place . 
  begging is not that far off when thinking about people performing in the streets , right ? 
  and laws regulating that kind of stuff are fairly common among european countries . 
  too soon ? 
  when 's it not ? 
  dude , i do n't know . 
  in school we get instilled with shame to a point where most foreigners i meet think that has gone too far . 
  i think it 's fairly certain that most every german and french guy in this thread has lost family in a conflict two to three generations ago . 
  humor is supposed to be a coping mechanism . 
  easy enough , even though we might end up in warsaw by accident . 
  reflexes ... 
  theres always your mother, 
  [ here you go buddy ] ( http://static.ddmcdn.com/gif/disc-brake3.jpg ), 
  myloginnames comment had nothing to do with the incentive to protest , but rather with the legality of it all . 
  you 're trying to paint an illegal protest as justified . 
  that 's by the way also implying that spains gathering laws suck . 
  scandinavia is wonderful this time of the year , if you do n't mind the bone chilling cold that is . 
  you 'll not starve . 
  i 'm fairly sure that neither of us even knows how real hunger feels like . 
  this is bickering over a loss in quality of life . 
  i 'm fed up with all those exaggerations , so i 'm going to go a bit deeper . 
  in economical history ( swift , laffer ) it 's observable that the population begins to protest once the state reaches a primary surplus ratio of more than about 5 % ( meaning that the state takes 5 % more in taxes than it gives back to the populus ) . 
  this is apparently happening in your country . 
  you might think `` why does the state increase that number ? '', 
  i 'll explain with a simplified equation . 
  this is the condition to avert state bankruptcy . 
  ( d / y ) = < p * [ ( 1 + g ) / ( r-g ) ] d/y is the dept-gdp-ratio ; p is the primary surplus ratio and the last part is growth of gdp interwoven with the interest on your debt . 
  if both sides are equal , your debt will stay constant . 
  if the left side overweighs you begin to increase debt and vice versa . 
  an easy example would be an economy with p = 0,05 , interest r = 0,1 and a stable growth of 0 . 
  0,05 * ( 1 +0 ) / ( 0,1-0 ) = 50 % in this scenario , a primary surplus ratio of 5 % would be able to sustain an economy with up to 50 % debt-gdp-ratio . 
  obviously this is skewed , but it 's enough for demonstration purposes . 
  the eu mandatory maximum debt-gdp ratio is 60 % . 
  portugal was at 108 % , italy 120 % and greece 165 % in 2011 . 
  it 's a hard truth that has to be accepted , these economies are no longer sustainable on their own . 
  you might think `` of course they can , a state can always raise taxes '' . 
  they can not . 
  the populus will literally kill them , as your reaction has oh so aptly proven . 
  without significant help from outside , a radical reset of the economy or a great epiphany among the population , the state will fail .
