  since i just heard that over radio , i could be dead wrong , too , and i 'm sure aidan has a point . 
  important is that the information is visible and redditors can view this topic as debatable . 
  i 'm not appreciating the snark , even though a brit probably ca n't help it . 
  / german humor edit, 
  i just heard an aircraft expert on state funded news radio ndr info say that a320 are expected to serve at least 30 years . 
  i actually do . 
  a west german county capital , not gon na specify which on reddit though . 
  interesting . 
  apart from paper media as a whole losing market share , i did n't perceive spiegel to be losing any relevance . 
  quick research out of curiosity shows that spiegel even [ beat their direct competition ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/164386/umfrage/verkaufte-auflagen-von-spiegel-stern-und-focus/ ) stern and focus in terms of units sold in 2014 . 
  am i missing something ? 
  to be honest , i 'm always a bit taken aback myself when i see a black guy here in germany because it 's just so rare . 
  it 's like seeing some girl with pink dyed hair , happens once a month maybe . 
  and then i have to remind myself to act normal . 
  it 's weird . 
  you must be the real pope !, 
  i actually did n't realize that it was an ongoing campaign . 
  so i just went with orthodox warrior patriarch instead . 
  same thing , right ? 
  thanks for the comment rhaktor . 
  i know why they did it , sweden even apologized . 
  it was just soul crushing to come into a game with 12x300gold sized loans trying to recuperate for an hour , then have literally every one of your neighbors gang up on you . 
  warrior pope checking in !, 
  edit : got totally annihilated by 4 simultaneous war declarations an hour into the game . 
  that was n't fun to join at all . 
  me too man , me too . 
  maybe in a year or five . 
  here are some things i find rather extreme : - reintroduction of conscription ( men only ) - russiaphile attitude - opposition to gay marriage - full opposition to immigration ( alfa , a split party from afd supports a canadian style which is much more sensible ) - full dissolution of the eurozone, 
  it 's the votable party that is farthest to the right . 
  i wish the afd would 've become the fiscally conservative alternative , but instead it went apeshit and scared the academics and economists out of their party . 
  they went on and formed a [ new party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alliance_for_progress_and_renewal ) , but that 's dreams for the future . 
  that 's the reason why merkel and her cdu will stay in power here in germany . 
  everything further right is sadly too extreme and everything left is either untrustworthy or mad with collectivist ideas . 
  is it anschluss time again , ja ? 
  oh wunderbar , we 'll have to tell poland !, 
  depends on who you ask . 
  are you sure that this is not just your bias speaking ? 
  where is the blocked content from left wing extremists , if the mods are in fact acting based on politics ? 
  and then why is / r/european so much worse ? 
  you think the information in the link you provided is enough to discredit the source for any and all further cases ? 
  because anyone being a `` right wing extremist '' should n't be grounds to remove posts . 
  we should judge on quality of content , not politics . 
  do you imply that the attacks in this video are fakes made by actors ? 
  would you have this video removed ? 
  on the grounds of them interviewing `` the wrong guy '' ? 
  or it carrying `` the wrong message '' ? 
  if you say that those with conditions could still mate with healthy individuals , yes , my argument becomes void . 
  i did n't think that is what op meant . 
  how logical is it if magnitude is n't considered ? 
  we 're comparing the limitation of freedom to the elimination of freedom concerning reproduction . 
  that 's more like jumping to conclusions . 
   you have to use many-valued logic to determine what degree of incest you do or do n't allow . 
   it is an issue . 
  you seem confused . 
  sure it is , but it 's not the issue * here * . 
  we 're in the basics of discussing whether an incest law as a concept is valid , not what degree of incest would make sense to be objectionable . 
  but that 's not the issue here ( plus what you said has nothing to do with my comment ) . 
  the basic question is whether sexual self determination is more important than the expected genetic consequences between say siblings . 
  oddly specific , really ? 
  what is the human life if not pointless without the right to reproduce ? 
  i think that 's a huge detail compared to incest . 
  * again ?!, 
  what 's the moral of the story here ? 
  the bad guys always win , so you should too ? 
  the cultural differences in charity around the world are genuinely interesting though . 
  the chinese for example are totally baffled when told about the western phenomenon that is philantrophy . 
  benevolence and charity are n't things you profit from . 
  it 's mind boggling that i have to point this out . 
  thanks for the correction . 
   over a million people were simply let into the euro with no background checks , monitoring , paperwork etc. 
  did you ever stop and think why this is ? 
  such work needs manpower and time . 
  germany let them come through to take this burden off the border states who clearly could n't handle the workload anymore and just continued to wave the migrants/refugees through . 
   often it is a lot harder to say no , and that is what should have happened here . 
  this has to be satire ... saying no is what we 've been doing for years , living comfy without the pressure of dealing with the issue . 
  an angry spaniard confronted me a few months ago why we were helping * now * and not when they struggled with the same problem . 
  it 's so easy to stay in our first world bubble and ignore what 's happening at the border . 
  you 're suggesting that miss merkel acted on emotions alone and i disagree . 
  you suggest she fucked up , i say she was left alone by the union . 
  if at all , sweden is expelling failed asylum applicants , which should be expected . 
  that 's a fucked up way to justify being an egoist . 
  denying others the right of self determination . 
  i would n't say that my life is living hell right now , having to lock the door at night and all . 
  but still , there is no denying the consequences . 
  how on earth though do you have to come to the conclusion that another human can not possibly by himself be in favor of granting shelter and helping other countries cope , even if a risk is involved ? 
  if there 's no change of policy soon . 
  miss merkel is human . 
  she tried to do the right thing and help many parties in this crisis , when the other european powers would sit idle without a solution at all . 
  many here in germany can respect that . 
  but it 's time to change . 
  the easiest way would 've been to sit still and do nothing , as we did when spain was having this problem . 
  or when italy originally had this problem . 
  if this was so easy , why does everybody look at germany , either with fear or malice , wondering when or if they fail ? 
  that 's a one-dimensional way to look at it . 
  she 's still providing shelter for war refugees , took a huge workload of asylum processing from the border states and specifically stepped in to ease the situation in hungary . 
  i think there 's value in humanitarian efforts and european solidarity . 
  but still , you 're kind of right . 
  that the system is crumbling under the weight is a growing problem now . 
  i expect a turn in policy , and that is already happening from what i understand . 
  edit : should 've learned from the last comment not to go against the preconceived notions in here .
