  which brings me back to the start and i ca n't stress this enough : this * needs * to happen and people like you need to calm the fuck down , get politically active , seek out the facts and vote to your best ability . 
  frequent strikes only serve to harm your employer and the state even further . 
  every good economist already knows since 2008 that you 'll be pissed . 
  on a last note , i do n't have a clue how much your outrage about class warfare in your country concerning who takes the brunt of the force really is . 
  i can only assume that the outrage is more personal than fact based and i could very well be wrong . 
  if so i apologize . 
  tl ; dr either tax increases and cuts to social services happen , or everyone involved will fall all the harder, 
  there is a shitton of people who * really * starve and did n't have the pleasure to vote their own demise into power . 
  the vast majority of the worlds population would gladly switch places with you , believe me . 
  but sure , go ahead . 
  break peace , get militant , do some terrorist stuff . 
  that will surely help the situation . 
  what do people expect , to not do what needs to be done ? 
  it 's all fun and games until the shithole called excessive spending demands sacrifices . 
  bold statement . 
  kickstarter is just a platform to open projects for crowd funding . 
  it 's highly speculative to suggest that the demand for such a service will decline . 
  how about you enlighten him instead of insulting him ? 
  you 're right , nobody would expect the spanish inquisition, 
  thanks for providing data . 
  my statement was indeed false . 
  in my stupidity i was thinking about the poll to stay out of eurobonds . 
  60 % of germans are pessimistic towards the future of it all . 
  in an ideal world , there would 've been no downside . 
  but some countries just could n't help themselves . 
  your wording suggests that there has n't been any downside for germany , but we 're paying for long enough now , have n't we ? 
  right now the majority of germans want only one thing : leave . 
  merkel does n't have the easiest job because the country is no longer backing her . 
  i hate to be that guy but to be honest , i do n't think the debt will reach sustainable levels again . 
  i think this ship will sink , because there just is n't enough revenue . 
  you ca n't raise taxes because the demand will plummet , effectively lowering tax revenue and you ca n't cut social programs because riots are bound to happen once the state takes around 5 % more money than they give to the people who ca n't recognize what a shitstorm financial politics is about to let lose on them if nothing is done . 
  deficit spending is only going to prolong the inevitable . 
  i 'm german , what do i know about humour, 
  when it stabilizes ( pun not intended ), 
  frau for woman . 
  if thats true , i 'm a little bit confused and stand corrected . 
  have to reread some articles . 
  you took one out of 4 years since the crisis started to look at . 
  i 'm thankful for that empirical data , though it did n't quite convince me yet . 
  came here to write this . 
  it 's just a fact that germany is pumping in the money , but is expected to have an equal role in managing the stash compared to the other 16 . 
  what do you think all your acquaintances would do if they could spend your cash at will ? 
  be careful about it ? 
  until everyone pays his equal share i 'll be grumpy about this . 
  will they work together i wonder ? 
  it 's a bit too early to give nicknames . 
  someone ca n't handle the fire . 
  as long as everything goes down within the freedom of assembly , i do n't see why the state should intervene . 
  last i checked offending one or multiple civilians is not a contravention . 
  the increasing amount of polandball comics in this subreddit is disturbing . 
  ca n't argue with that, 
  in which country are you despised if you tip well ? 
  on top of that i was n't talking about the average tourist , rather the working german immigrant . 
  there is no tableturning . 
  you are not going to be liked as german in switzerland , this has been going on for decades . 
  you are certainly not the only one . 
  but thats what seperates the state from the likes of breivik - giving value to basic human dignity . 
  i doubt that he 'll have that cell for long though . 
  sooo ... this is bad ? 
  i am confused . 
  given it is a harsh environment , is n't eating the executee just making the best of killing him ? 
  is it a lesser punishment for the convict just because he gets to know that he 'll feed his people ? 
  is n't that thought process delusional ? 
  `` the market '' is not to blame , it 's actors are . 
  thats why the market has to be regulated , businesses and banks will do everything within legal boundaries to profit off the system . 
  it 's like saying that animal brutality in slaughterhouses should n't be dealt with regulation . 
  oh i thought it was more like `` this is europe , unlike america we enjoy boobs at work '' . 
  what can i say , merkel is right . 
  stay level-headed and regulate the market or it will hit you harder next time . 
  hmm ... beer ... who ? 
  this is n't part of my neat analogy anymore , is it ? 
  at least they have a reason to act bitchy then , even though it was their fault . 
  let 's stay level headed and if at all demand jailtime , shall we ? 
  who 'd have guessed . 
  if all my acquaintances could decide what to do with my money , i do n't think they would let me keep it . 
  that looks intriguing . 
  interesting to know if the ep is on it 's way to degenerate to american levels . 
  do n't you young whippersnappers learn anything from the past ? 
  god works in mysterious ways after all . 
  peeing and pooping in your own car while stuck in it ... iuuuh, 
  let 's see how many eu politicians get smited by a thunder bolt . 
   if they had some brains , they would n't be in this mess to begin with . 
  no , they do n't understand anything . 
  you do n't have to offend . 
  it 's okay to not like things , but do n't be a dick about it . 
  there is no interest , these are restrictions . 
  i 'm sorry , but most of what is demanded seems to be the standard in other countries . 
  i ca n't help but think that there is a good amount of luxury that * some * do n't want to give up , first and foremost corrupt government employees but not restricted to them . 
  the comparison with weimar is ridiculous in one tiny way : europe is giving money to greece , not taking it . 
  the hoards of angry greeks ( towards the rest of europe mind you , am angry at the corrupt government apparatus too ) disturb me . 
  i ca n't help but to think that they ca n't comprehend the situation they are in . 
  what of humidity ? 
  are they not self aware ? 
  it looked so awfully out of touch when i watched protests against raising the retirement age up from 58 while the german equivilent got raised this year to 67 with a low grumble and ultimately acceptance . 
  i do n't want to humiliate anyone . 
  the greeks brought this situation unto themselves and thats humiliation enough if you ask me . 
  the greeks should n't be in the position to demonize the feeding hand . 
  finally, 
  actually the german is in decline . 
  her birth rates are far from sustainable levels .
