  serbian population in croatia destroyed . 
  and even those remains left ca n't have their minority rights fullfilled . 
  those evil cyrillic tables just had to be smashed . 
  you know what my state brainwashed mind sees ? 
  raging serbophobia widespread in croatian society . 
  and according to [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/20z36d/ovako_je_prije_15tak_godina_govorio_novi_premijer/ ) and some of your previous comments , that includes you as well, 
   while it 's indisputable that war crimes were committed by croats in bosnia and herzegovina ( as determined by the icty ) , it is also indisputable that oluja was not an ethnic cleansing campaign it is only indisputable in neo-ustasha circles or in ustasha-policy apologetic circles . 
  regarding the icty , it is a politically motivated court extremely biased against the serbs . 
  just look at the ethnic composition of those indicted and it all becomes clear . 
  even former icty chief prosecutor [ carla del ponte ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carla_del_ponte#career_at_the_icty ) said that the verdicts to the croatian generals ante gotovina and mladen markac were not influenced by evidence , but by politics , lobbying money , or something else not related to the court . 
  she said on the acquittal of gotovina and markac `` i was very surprised and stupefied . 
  it is completely incredible what happened after the sentence of 24 years in prison for gotovina . 
  unbelievable . 
  i can not accept it . 
  i feel full solidarity with the serb victims of the crime . 
  the crime , that we backed up with hard evidence . 
  this certainly is not justice . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.tamilguardian.com/article.asp?articleid=6356 ) . 
  furthermore , in april of 2011 the judges in the hague found ante gotovina and mladen marka\u010d guilty on eight of nine counts for commanding operations that included the shelling of civilians , the torching of serbian homes in south-west croatia , the murder of hundreds of elderly serbs and the forced exodus of at least 20,000 from the serbian minority rooted in the dalmatian hinterland for centuries . 
  later the judges changed the verdict and libareted them as tough nothing has happened . 
  this was due to political pressure regarding croatia 's accession into the eu ( croatia had to come clean without the incriminatation of the entire zagreb political leadership of the time for waging a campaign of terror , bombing and murder aimed at ridding the country of its large serbian minority . ), 
  [ here 's an aricle in the guardian about it ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/law/2011/apr/15/croatian-general-jailed-war-crimes ) . 
  also the croatian leaders in bosnia and herzegovina that you mentioned were sentenced officialy because they commited crimes against bosniaks in the croat-bosniak war , but unofficialy to demonize herzeg-bosnia in order to discourage the creation of a possible future croatian entity within bosnia and herzegovina . 
  definition of [ ethnic cleansing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing ) : ethnic cleansing is the systematic forced removal of ethnic or religious groups from a given territory with the intent of creating a territory inhabited by people of a homogeneous or pure ethnicity , religion , culture , and history . 
  the forces applied may be various forms of forced migration ( deportation , population transfer ) , as well as mass murder , and intimidation . 
  this is exactly what happened in operations medak pocket , flash and finaly storm . 
  and there is also direct evidence of the intent of ethnic cleansing and forced expulsion of serbs from croatia in a transcript form from the meeting of croatian president franjo tudjman with the military leadership on the croatian island of brioni . 
  there tudjman described the goal of operation storm as , , making such blows that serbs practically dissapear '' . 
  [ here 's the actual audio of the brioni coversation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0fbzkgmezm&amp;list=plbd9emkhd34ny6q8gzog7sbc8yrwnsrqc )  in fact their number is so great that they have a separate entry on wikipedia . 
  [ here 's a wikipedia category on croatian war crimes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:croatian_war_crimes_in_the_bosnian_war )  it is also indisputable that by far the greatest number of war crimes , including ethnic cleansing was perpetrated by serb forces in b&h and croatia in the yugoslav wars no one was innocent , all three sides ( four if you count kosovo ) perpetred serious crimes . 
  but due to widespread western propaganda serbs are always displayed as the bad guys . 
  they did commit ethnic cleansing and numerous war crimes , but what is often left unsaid is that other three sides in the conflict , croats , bosniaks and albanians commited ethnic cleansing and other war crimes against the serbs , and also croats against bosniaks and bosniaks against croats . 
  and this becomes obvious once you look up the ethnic maps of yugoslavia before the wars and after . 
  oh yeah there too , just look at herzegovina or [ la\u0161va valley ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la%c5%a1va_valley_ethnic_cleansing ), 
   letting them leave would also legitimize genocide and ethnic cleansing that achieved 95 % `` pure '' republic of srpska croatia commited the worst ethnic cleansing campaign in europe after wwii . 
  serbs in croatia [ before ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/croatianserbs.jpg ) the war ( 1991 ) and [ after ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/hrvatske_etnije.gif ) ( 2001 ), 
   actually finland has a lot more russian influence than either slovakia , hungary , czechia . 
  finland actually had some historical influence and conclaves of eastern orthodoxy , something those other eastern european nations never had . 
   those nations were n't under russian rule but they still had orthodox parishes and in case of czechoslovakia it 's own [ orthodox church ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orthodox_church_of_czechoslovakia ) . 
  also poland , czechia , slovakia and hungary are geographically central europe , but are generally viewed as eastern europe because of their cold war ties with the soviet union ( warsaw pact ) . 
  i do n't have a need to apologize or seek approval from a bunch of hypocrites who have as much blood on their hands ( if not more ) as we serbs do . 
  see you in downvote hell . 
  same here mate . 
  but unfortanately as / u/ian _ dess pointed out , that is not how international law works . 
  serbs see this conflict very emotionally and not very consistently ( regarding the principle of territorial integrity ) . 
  i 'll try to explain . 
  serbian population has been historically very pro-russian because russia as an orthodox slavic empire built this image as a protector of ottoman slavs and orthodox christianity in general . 
  they both screwed us and helped us a lot of times ( according to their interests as great powers do ) , but the general populace usually remembers the latter . 
  there is a saying here that serbs only accepted communism because it was coming from mother russia . 
  also as you probably know yugoslavia was n't in the warsaw pact so it did n't endure the economic and social hardships of soviet-dominated communism , and the pro-russian sentiment remained strong . 
  then throught the 90s nato supported our enemies , waged fullblown propaganda war against us and finally bombed us in 1995 and 1999 , taking kosovo away and anti-nato and anti-usa sentiment went through the roof . 
  so every sign of defiance against us imperialism is welcomed wholeheartedly in serbia and this is even more magnified if our centuries old , , protector '' russia stands up against them . 
  serbian view of the crimean annexation is like this : defeat of , , the west '' and a victory for russia and has little to do with ukraine . 
  altough some people view euromaidan as europuppets ( and also a lot of serbians see the current serbian government as europuppets ) we have nothing personal against ukrainians or ukraine , hell we even have an autochtonous ukrainian minority from carpathian ruthenia ( rusyns ) very well integrated into serbian society . 
  oh yeah and putin is very popular here because he brought up russia from the ashes , restored russian national pride and has a firm pro-serbian stance on kosovo issue , calling usa and eu hypocrites several times and even speaking in the serbian parliament . 
  it 's a popular anectode here that if putin was a candidate for presidency in serbia he would have an apsolute majority of the votes . 
   the serbs under the nazis committed genocide no the serbs did n't commit genocide during wwii . 
  there were collaborators who sided with the nazis , but they 're role was to hunt down our two resistance movements , serve in the puppet administration , as translators etc. 
  while nazis were killing serbs , jews , roma and others who resisted . 
   i have a slightly more personal connection because my family was threatened with death and had to flee the congo ( they were colonists in congo ) in the 1960 's . 
  this is an example of ethnic cleansing of belgians by the congolese but not genocide . 
  we should be careful with using these terms because they are not interchengeable . 
  they are both horrible crimes , but genocide is worse because it involves primarily mass killing of a population while ethnic cleansing is primarily forced expulsion with killing to a lesser degree . 
   we do not dick-measure with genocide which group is the worst . 
  i agree . 
  we also should not blame a people of commiting genocide if we do not have evidence to support it . 
  nato double standards again . 
  it 's ok for kosovo to separate but not republic of srpska or serbian-majority north kosovo . 
  actually , you should ask me . 
  i 'm competent to tell you about it and i have the connection which is living memory of those events passed to my generation . 
  i went to school ( 1st kragujevac gymnasium ) from which the nazis with help from local quislings ( as you rightfully pointed out ) took a classroom of 15th year old boys and their proffesors , marched them to sumarice and shot them with over 2000 other civilians , mostly serbs but also jews and roma ( they were minority population in kragujevac so thousands of jews is an exageration , altough i 'm sure if the nazis found more jews they would have gladly executed them ) . 
  also one of my neighbours [ dragoljub jovanovic ] ( http://static.mondo.rs/picture/153705/jpeg/ ) ( still alive to this day , we recently ate cake togheter ) was the only survivor of the shooting in a nearby village , so i 've heard the story first hand ( primary historical source ) . 
  every time i walk or ride a bike through sumarice ( a park aproximatelly the size of new york 's central park ) i 'm reminded of this hideous crime commited on my fellow townsfolk . 
  from the time kragujevac children start 1st grade and all the way to university , every 21st october ( the day that the massacre was commited ) they gather at the sumarice memorial park to commorate . 
  and guess who 's there ? 
  the german ambassador offering his condolensces . 
  i hope that belgians apologize to the congoloese for the same matter . 
  my point is , this is in no way stupid or sounds stupid . 
  we must remember innocent victims and be reminded of them , in order to learn from mistakes , and never allow these attrocities to happen again . 
  i responded to you personaly because you indicated that serbs have genocidal intent , while your countrymen in the name of belgian glory commited race-associated attrocities on a far larger scale . 
  and i felt that i should remind you of that, 
   when the serb leadership had a string of bloodsheds on their hands ( across croatia , bosnia and kosovo ) , yes , this was meant to prevent further bloodshed caused by the megalomaniacal and power hungry milosevic  croatians ethnically cleansed krajina . 
  should we bomb them to prevent posibble future ethnic cleansing of italians in istria or of the remaining serbs in syrmia and baranya ? 
  croats do have a history of ethnic cleansing , you never know when it 's gon na happen again  serbs do n't appear to realize that while serbia in the 90s was a shitty place to live in , their army was invading their neighboring countries , seizing territories , oh give me a break here . 
  yugoslavia was falling apart , it was a civil war . 
  booo evil serbia goes around invading it 's innocent neighbours . 
  by that logic , croatia was invading bosnia and herzegovina since it supported croatian forces of herzeg-bosnia . 
  well you belgians should know that , since millions of congolese perished under your king leopold ii . 
  now that 's genocide, 
   about the 45 people that died , kla was attacking and killing serbian policemen , and if you read the article posted previously you will read that 4 policemen were killed the day before . 
   not only that . 
  kla was actively blackmailing , terroizing and killing albanians and other non-serbs loyal to the yugoslav state, 
  yup there could be , so let 's just bomb the serbs to oblivion to prevent that , shall we ? 
  like the good old 1999, 
   civilian casualty number to be acceptable no casualty is acceptable . 
  every life destroyed is a tragedy , the deceased families and friends lives are in ruins . 
  screw humanitarian bombings, 
  a bosnian is a person from bosnia . 
  just because he is n't a bosniak/bosnian muslim does n't mean you should exclude him . 
   nice logic .
