  your personal denial and historical revisionism can not undo more then a thousand years of serbian presence , culture and history in bosnia and herzegovina . 
  do you even now the origins of the name herzegovina ? 
  it comes from the medieval serbian lord stjepan vuk\u010di\u0107 that titled himself herzeg of st. sava, 
  bullshit , there is a ton of evidence . 
  de administratio imperio even delineates the borders between serbian and croatian tribes . 
  first king of bosnia tvrtko i , even assumed the title king of serbs, 
  maybe the uk will collapse and an united ireland appear, 
  sorry , not all croats are obnoxious of course . 
  my bad for overgeneralizing . 
  huge amount of ignorance and stupidity in the comments above triggered me . 
  same here . 
  eu can fuck off with their endless demands and double standards . 
  i for one , support our obnoxious neighbors in blocking us, 
  to sarejevo for sarajevski , to banja luka for banjalucki and to leskovac for the real deal , 
  new zealand of iberia, 
  belgrade 's albania palace and ada bridge are also lit in solidarity, 
  so cute, 
  russophilia is still strong in serbia too and that has been the case for at least the last two hundred years , both among the common people and with the more patriotic part of intelligentsia . 
  we even had volunteers in the crimea and donbass fighting for the pro-russian side . 
  vucic even though he is betraying serbian national interests in kosovo and not supporting srpska enough , and selling out montenegrin serbs , still remains popular among the uneducated nationalists , because he and to a larger extent nikolic ( current president from the same party ) has good relations with russia e. g. not imposing sanctions , putin on a military parade in serbia , serbian army on a military parade in moscow on victory day , serbia buying military aircraft from russia etc. 
  sure . 
  that 's why i said litteral translation, 
   perhaps it 's because i 'm from a particular minority in vojvodina that would make me serbian but not actually serb that i typically mark that difference . 
  on this day we also celebrate the adoption of the first modern serbian constitution . 
  it was adopted in 1835 in my hometown of kragujevac . 
  it was far to liberal for it 's time putting emphasis on ending feudalism in serbia and limiting the power of the autocrat . 
  neighboring ottoman and austrian empires as well as the russian empire did n't have their own constitutions at the time and feared that it would serve as a dangerous intellectual contagion , so they quickly suppressed it . 
  that is true , but russians did n't back out willy-nilly . 
  to add a bit of historical context , they concluded the peace with the ottomans because of more pressing issues i.e. 
  napoleon 's invasion of russia . 
   there are rumors that the football hooligans were paid to break up the protest or instigate people to violence . 
  information services and ministry of internal affairs control the hooligan gangs in serbia too . 
  for example they were assigned to set ablaze the american embassy during kosovo is serbia protest back in 2008 . 
  i like to think that they are broadcasting this to him in hell, 
  as i state in the comment you linked i do n't deny that the serbian forces commited heinous crimes during the bosnian war , especially in srebrenica . 
  but that was n't genocide and many prominent genocide scholars agree with me on that point . 
  but hey , do n't try to challenge my arguments in a meaninful way . 
  instead , just label me as a genocide denier . 
  maybe even holocaust denier . 
  whoops i am literally hitler amirite ? 
   for the record , i prefer karlovacko over jelen pivo  i like pirinsko more than let 's say kamenica or zagorka . 
  have n't tried karlovacko yet , but i dislike jelen too . 
  anyway , all south slavic beer are more or less abysmal compared to the czech beer gods . 
   but do n't kill me now , please do n't worry , we can kill each other over macedonia later, 
  i 'm not playing a victim , although that 's common behaviour in both our nationalities . 
  my account was temporarily banned from / r/croatia after commenting that croatia needs proper denazification . 
  you view it as trolling . 
  i view it as stating my honest opinion . 
  was banned from / r/croatia for saying that the country needs some proper denazification . 
  i call them out for similar bullshit like celebrating ethnic cleansing and putting a plaque with a fascist salute in concentration camps . 
  i guess that makes me a known troll from / r/serbia, 
  sweet new national motto !, 
  [ these ] ( http://www.slobodna-bosna.ba/vijest/41890/na_dan_dubrovachkih_branitelja_predsjednica_hrvatske_u_dubrovniku_dijelila_srpske_chokoladice_s_rizom.html ) are the evil serbian chocolates that the croatian president distributed to children , alongside her photo, 
  meanwhile in croatia a croatian equivalent of sieg hiel is on a plaque in jasenovac concentration camp memorial, 
  and south slavs were stupid enough to fall for it, 
  meanwhile in bosnia there are orthodox , catholic and muslim atheists , each speaking three different completely mutually intelligible languages, 
  hahaha made my day :'), 
  exactly !, 
  when the issue arose again in the media about a month ago , some of our leading orthodox theologians even issued a joint statement that religion should not dabble in the matters of science , but instead seek to provide answers on matters where science reaches it limits, 
  anti-evolutionist views are relatively new in serbia and are also in large part coming from the muslim community , while most christian churches ( serbian orthodox being the largest and most influential one ) currently do n't pursue an official agenda on the issue . 
  individuals from those churches have views all-across the spectrum from strongly pro-evolutionist to adamantly creationist . 
  however most of the clergy are neutral on the issue or keep there opinions to themselves, 
  i have a similar stereotype about croatian women . 
  for us serbs croatian women sound very sexy but for me personally dalmatian ones have the sexiest accent and are the most exotic : hot and tanned from the sun , salty and wet from the sea , and rich features from the sailor-mixing ( or maybe inbreeding on the islands xd ) . 
  as for the fish , na jadranu bolje ribe nego na savi vazda bile, 
  we are aching for reform not the eu per se . 
  joining the eu would be detrimental for our demographics , just like for neighboring eu members croatia , bulgaria , romania . 
  we already have one of the highest brain drains in the world . 
  with eu citizenship we would probably lose a million people ( 1/7th of the population or at least that 's what i heard an expert say about this topic in serbian media the other day ) . 
  for me it goes like this for european women : scandinavian godesses  south & \u0415\u0430st slavic ( + polish - slovenian ) women  other europeans  brits . 
  as for the last place , i have a hypothesis : vikings stole all the hot ones back in the day . 
  i try to be realistic yet moderately optimistic . 
  leader of one of the more vocal anti-vucic 's parties also started as part of vucic 's government . 
  let 's hope she makes it a tradition \u0415dit : talk about optimistic !, 
  i just god gilded for a funny copy/paste comment about or new pm , livin ' the dream !, 
  we want that too , but i 'm afraid it 's only wishful thinking and she 'll probably be just another one of vucic 's puppets . 
  we need a law like that, 
  what 's the anthem called again , ode to gay ? 
  croatians are sea people . 
  they need no land, 
  do n't forget herzegovinan , montian and negrin, 
  not exactly . 
  they bombed bosnian serbs in 1995 and fr yugoslavia in 1999 . 
  i certanily hope you deal with this kind of scum accordingly, 
  [ removed ], 
  vladivostok 's in the far east . 
  you probably meant sevastopol . 
  yeah , but still independent enough to elevate bosnia 's status to a kingdom and pursue a foreign policy which included conquering neighboring hungarian vassals, 
  the most expensive cheese in the world is made in serbia from donkeys milk, 
  nope , in 1991 , bosnia was still a republic of yugoslavia . 
  also was n't bosnia independent under the rule of tvrtko i ? 
  there is still seems to be a lot of confusion about the terminology for the conflicts . 
  different sides have their own names for the wars . 
  in serbia it is most often referred to as the breakup of yugoslavia or civil war in yugoslavia . 
  i 've heard from some historians refer to it as the wars of yugoslav succession and in my opinion it 's the most suiting name  what i actually meant was kosovo war i guess . 
   there 's a [ czech documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgk0raf9ed8 ) about it, 
  history of yugoslavia after ww2 , it 's eventual breakup and it 's causes . 
   also because we think it 's rude to speak dutch when not everyone can understand , even if it 's just one of a whole group or someone not even engaged in the conversatio this is true for finnish people as well in my experience, 
  i 've read somewhere that franco changed your timezone to central european because of ww2 and you guys did n't bother to return it afterwards . 
  maybe there 's a connection ?
