  hungary was . 
  then we took vojvodina and the rest of the serbs were magyarized . 
  not mars , but similar to slovenia or hungary , probably . 
  also no kebab, 
  setting our country into 500 years of underdevelopment and enslaving our population . 
  yeah, 
  and ottoman turkey, 
  [ not in my book ] ( https://theremustbejustice.wordpress.com/2014/03/02/the-great-war-austrian-hell-for-15000-serbs-in-arad/ ), 
  and the soviet union was a liberal heaven compared to e.g. 
  austria-hungary , prison of nations, 
  princip was n't the cause of the war , he was merely a reason austria-hungary was looking for to declare war on serbia . 
  serbia certainly did n't want to go to war with austria-hungary , and went out of it 's way to avoid the war . 
  she was more then 10 times smaller population wise , and has n't even started to recover from the balkan wars which ended not even a year before the outbreak of ww1 . 
  and americans, 
   this sub is mainly visited by pro-eu minded people . 
  and anti-russia minded people, 
   but i guess there 's still memory of these wars in 90s , not just in former yugoslavia and serbia was presented as the `` bad guy '' , rightfully or not . 
  we are n't angels but we are n't genocidal rapists that the western media portrayed us to be during the breakup of yugoslavia, 
  i sincerely hope you are right, 
  what ? 
  more serbs live in germany then in whole of north america, 
  why the hate man ? 
  how would you feel if russians took part of your ancestral lands ? 
  for example if under occupation , the russian empire or the ussr heavily settled samogitia , meanwhile forcibly removing lithuanians and other autochthonous peoples . 
  do n't forget to fuck croatian women and make lots of babies, 
  tell that to the victims families, 
  yup , autocolonialism is a thing here in the balkans . 
  serbs look towards moscow , bosniaks towards istanbul , croats towards ~ ~ vienna ~ ~ berlin . 
  when you have so few victories of your own you celebrate those of your big brother, 
  do n't forget the president, 
   4 days after forming new country and celebrations in belgrade there were demonstration in zagreb where 13 people were killed . 
  they demanded an independent republic . 
   i think this illustrates how different were expectations . 
   he 's speaking bad russian mixed with horrible romanian what is his native language ? 
   but then again , moldova 's ex-president was n't able even to speak the state language at a basic level . 
  same goes for ukrainian ex-president , and serbia 's crown prince ( btw we call him google translate ), 
  not the same of course . 
  they did n't directly invade yugoslavia and establish a fascist puppet-state the second time . 
  but there is a correlation . 
  it is a continuation of germany 's policy towards yugoslavia, 
  yes it does . 
  germany supported croatian secession in both cases in order to breakup yugoslavia . 
  but these facts do n't suit you so you label them as serb propaganda papers, 
  what part of his statement is speculation ? 
  downvoted to oblivion for stating a couple of facts, 
  i feel sorry for you if you are not able to comprehend that people run away when their enemies are coming to kill them . 
  do you really think that a person will flee the country of his birth , and leave his ancestral home and way of life , voluntarily to became a homeless refugee just because politicans tell them to ? 
  if this is actually what you believe , that is a really sad state of affairs . 
  do you also believe that croats cleansed from krajina also willfuly and voulanterilly left their homes because their politicians told them so , or it maybe has something to do with the fact that their lives was endangered by serbian forces who controlled the area ? 
  hague could have said that oluja was a humanitarian mission . 
  it does n't change the fact that invading croatian forces ethnically cleansed most of the serbian population , burning their homes in the process and killing those who did n't fled . 
   ethnic cleansing is the systematic forced removal of ethnic or religious groups from a given territory by a more powerful ethnic group , with the intent of making it ethnically homogeneous . 
  checks out, 
  meanwhile ethnically cleansing most of croatia 's serbian population is totally legitimate and is even celebrated as a national holiday, 
  poland took a part of czechoslovakia when it was being dismembered by the nazis . 
  if we follow the same logic , poland should be considered part of the axis until 1939, 
  hope you 're ok macedonian bros. 
  buddy from ilinden tells me it was really scary, 
  funny how these countries are still refered to as the eastern block, 
  imo northeastern border of central europe is at the wisla and southern is at the sava, 
  like most other balkans nationalities , a lot of serbs suffer from the victim complex , refusing to acknowledge or minimizing crimes committed by their countrymen . 
  i and a decent bunch of folks from / r/serbia try to be as realistic as possible about the yugoslav wars , altough of course we carry our biases . 
  but that 's not what i meant . 
  i was referring to the country level . 
  our state officials regularly apologize for numerous atrocities committed by serbian forces in the 90-ties , while you have no such discourse in the neighboring countries that committed their share of crimes during the breakup of yugoslavia . 
  do n't put your words in my mouth . 
  i never said things were black and white , , poor innocent serbs and evil croats and bosniaks or vice versa '' . 
  i am not denying crimes commited by my people . 
  but that does not mean that crimes have not been commited to my people as well and that they should not be disscused or that they are justified . 
  one wrong doesnt make another wrong right . 
  att least we have the decency to apologize for our crimes , not celebrate them as national holidays as croats do . 
  no matter the downvotes , i want to present the view from the otherside , that of my people , serbs . 
  operation storm wich croats celebrate on this day , was the biggest ethnic cleansing in europe after the expulsion of germans from eastern europe after wwii . 
  it is a national tragedy for us . 
  my people were not colonists in croatia . 
  they were autochtonous , living in their ancestral lands for centuries . 
  serbian villages were burned , churches and graves desecrated , and many civilians murdered , often the weak , unable and elderly , which could n't escape the advancing croatian forces . 
  if you want to see part of this side of operation storm , i suggest watching a danish documentary called [ massacre in dvor ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pd26da8ympo ), 
  ethnic cleansing and war crimes too, 
   we moved our capital to sofia with regards to macedonia joining us what would the bulgarian capital be if you did n't consider macedonia ? 
  what did he say ? 
   if i remember it right , its called herzegovina , not savovina . 
  so next time i visit mostar i should bring my german dictionary ? 
  i wonder if standard german is ok or if i should learn the ancient herzegovina deutsch ? 
   look up the etymology of herzegovina . 
  before the establishment of duchy of saint save ( hercegovina svetog save ) the area was reffered to as hum . 
   my denial is suported by facts . 
  or are you claiming that caslav didnt conquer bosnia in 943 and didnt die on sava banks in 960 fighting the hungarians ? 
   again with caslav . 
  serbs and croats settled bosnia in the 6th century and remained there up to this day . 
  detlas was founded by serbian king dragutin in 1303 . 
  dobrun 1340 founded by \u017eupan pribil lomnica 1301 sase 1242 founded by serbian king stefan uro\u0161 i tavna in the 13th century by king dragutin 's son vladislav i urosic, 
   and herzog is old serbian word meaning landlord by the grace of serb baby jesus , serb god father , and serb holy spirit ? 
   nope . 
  it means that the area of herzegovina got it 's name from duchy of saint sava . 
   you used caslav as example and i have disproven his relevance to serb claim on bosnia . 
   i repeat , your denial does n't disprove historical facts of medieval serbian presence in bosnia and herzegovina . 
   name me a single serb orthodox monastery in bosnia that predates ottoman conquest  sure . 
  that 's just a couple of sources , that show serbian presence in the area . 
  there are many more , a whole historiography dedicated to it .
