  in socialist ideology you have oppressed them because you have alienated them from the means of production and the profits of what they are making . 
  the problem with it is the rich get richer , and then get to invest in more ( and pat themselves on the back for creating all these jobs ) , whilst a significant amount of the worker population could never aspire to accumulating the wealth that would be necessary to emulate the owner of the big businesses they are employed by . 
  capitalism creates a class system that can never strive for equality because it depends on so many people being exploited for the wealth of the few . 
  i 've wrote this three times today already but communism is stateless . 
  communism can therefore not be ` state policy ' . 
  whatever the soviet union tried to implement was state socialism , or state capitalism , and worlds apart from the more anarchistic communism and a huge amount of other leftist beliefs that all seem to be marginalised by the idea that those who advocate the belief want to make the ussr v2 .0 . 
  you can come up with you own ideas of what communism and capitalism is about , but to me capitalism is about exploitation of the masses by private control of property and the means of production . 
  i do n't want the government controlling the means of production or some huge nanny state , i want the worker controlling the means of production . 
   the problem is rarely what communists aspire to , it 's what it becomes anyways . 
  well for a start marx was rather hesitant in agreeing that the conditions in russia were ready for a communist revolution . 
  the aim was for it to happen in more industrialised , advanced nations that may not have encountered the problems that the soviet union had . 
  the ussr then pretty much became the figurehead for communism , which imo means that the rise of the other ` communist ' nations really can not be separated from the existence of the ussr and the influence it managed to wield to ensure that its own brand of communism prevailed . 
  i have already mentioned it in this thread but this is quite evident in how the soviets managed to suppress the less authoritarian leftist groups in the spanish civil war . 
  i mention this to show that though many seem to think that communism will inevitably become authoritarian , the rise of authoritarian communism can really be linked to the russian revolution rather than all arising independently . 
  and under these circumstances what chance did the communist nations not aligned to the soviet union have ? 
  anarchists in spain had no chance when the west was siding with the fascists and the soviets were supporting their own interests . 
  the socialists had no chance in latin america when [ democratically elected marxists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salvador_allende ) were being overthrown or the us was [ falsifying evidence of soviet involvement to justify a coup d'etat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacobo_%c3%81rbenz ) to protect their own interests . 
  my point is that imo the reason we did not see the non-authoritarian radical left succeed in the 20th century is not necessarily because communism inherently leads to authoritarianism but because the ussr going authoritarian - and the hostility of the west to the radical left - prevented it . 
  so with the turmoil caused by american resistance to socialism in latin america , and the huge influence the ussr wielded to ensure their own brand of communism remained , what countries are left ? 
  china , who was even less ready for communist revolution than russia ( in marxist terms ) , and yugoslavia , who pretty much managed to exist only by the genius of tito playing the west and the ussr off against each other . 
  it seems disingenuous for the west to help crush the anarchists in spain or overthrow the non-soviet socialists elsewhere , and then claim that communism is inherently authoritarian . 
  yes , it will be if any attempt to form something closer to the true ideals of communism is met with the type of response the great powers gave to the radical left in the 20th century . 
  does n't change the fact that terrible crimes have been committed through ideologies other than nazism and communism . 
  not all communism is soviet-style , and it is certainly not the type of system that most modern communists seem to aspire to . 
  well , it was n't me you were originally debating with , i just jumped in at the end . 
  so you are unwilling to equate all nationalist parties with nationalism but equate all communist parties with soviet-style communism ? 
  communism is stateless . 
  the parties that label themselves ` communist ' are likely socialist parties in reality . 
  many of those states however arose under the influence of the soviet union , so it is to be expected that the marxist-leninist path was followed . 
  one only needs to look at how the soviet influence in the spanish civil war managed to sideline the less authoritarian leftist ideologies for an indicator of that . 
  terrible crimes have been committed through ideologies other than nazism and socialism . 
  i think it is a complete cop-out to say that humanity is incompatible with communism , as though the greed of capitalism is hardwired into our brains . 
  i 've always found writings on anarchist catalonia during the spanish civil war to be fascinating for example . 
  i do agree with you however that peaceful transfer to communism is extremely unlikely , because too many powerful people have an interest in maintaining capitalism . 
  * however * , as long as the communist party of ukraine is abiding by the democratic process and not calling for revolution i think it is incompatible with the ideals of democracy to ban them . 
  if there is evidence for their support of pro-russian insurgents ( and it is such a shame , though obviously to be be expected , that the ideals of the communist party are routed in the soviet era ) , then i think those actions need to be dealt with , but i 'd then hope it would not be used as an excuse to ban presence of parties with a communist ideology as a whole . 
  all of which are entirely irrelevant unless the position of the united kingdom changes , which looks to be incredibly unlikely . 
  it 's not the 1920 's any more , and the british empire has gone . 
  gibraltar had a referendum this century that pretty much prevented negotiations to of shared sovereignty , a position which i think is far more relevant than british treatment of the irish 100 years ago . 
  and besides , the situation differs because the falklanders want to remain british ( rather than want to break free from the uk ) . 
  it is incredibly unlikely that the uk government would change their stance on self determination , and even less likely that the falklanders will suddenly get an urge to be ruled from argentina . 
  yes , it does n't hurt to talk about it , but what is there to take about ? 
  it 's an incredibly simplistic debate about a situation unlikely to change that just goes round in circles . 
  realistically speaking there is no way a uk government would sign the falklands over to argentina . 
  because of the war the falklands are a point of national pride , and more importantly , the recent referendum ruled it out . 
  the uk is not going to hand over territory against the will of the people ( and for proof of this one needs only look at the idea of joint sovereignty of gibraltar that was rejected because of a referendum at the start of this century ) . 
  and if there was a war the uk would win . 
  so yes , we could all sit about and discuss future possibilities but the current british position , and the overwhelming desire of the falklanders to remain british makes any possibility of change extremely remote . 
  until that changes there is just nothing to debate . 
  all discussion does at this point is perpetuate the ridiculous notion that british sovereignty over the islands is at all in doubt . 
  hardly . 
  for a start not every country on the european continent is part of the eu . 
  and secondly the powers of the eu are still rather limited . 
  the eu is n't anywhere near a federation . 
  yet . 
   every colonial power would do well to account for the past handing over the sovereignty of territory against the will of the populace does nothing to account for the wrongs of colonialism , it is just another wrong that would be done . 
  the falklanders overwhelmingly want to remain part of the uk ( 1513 to 3 ) and that is n't likely to change . 
  speaking of its future status is therefore pointless , because there is no indication that the islanders want anything other than being part of the uk . 
  the uk claim to the falklands arguably predates the existence of argentina ~ ~ ( same can not be said for morocco ) ~ ~ . 
  i think there is also a distinction in the falklands being islands , and therefore not sharing a land border with argentina . 
  i do n't advocate the return of ceuta and melilla by the way ; it may be strange that many european nations still own small amounts of territory all over the world , but the wrongs of colonialism will not be righted by the transfer of territory to another nation against the will of the populace . 
  it would just be ice if the spanish government thought the same . 
  i meant legalising weed is a good start , so you would n't be fucking everything up !, 
  oops , i meant that weed is a good start so he would n't fuck everything up . 
  it 's only fair . 
  you had them last time . 
   i have no idea how to not fuck up everything more than it is . 
  well , legalising weed is a start . 
  i 've never heard of the place until now . 
  what kind of trouble ? 
   christianites also reject the concept of individual ownership -- perhaps a reaction to denmark 's capitalistic society or perhaps it 's just a belief of anarchism ? 
  anyway , that was an interesting article about a place i have never heard about . 
  fascinating . 
  those people old enough to have fought in wwii will also know what stalin * grad * was responsible for . 
  not really . 
  many might say that renaming the city honours stalin , but it honours those who the people wanting to rename it want to honour . 
  the battle of stalingrad was a historic event and i can see the allure in wanting to rename the city to honour those who fought and died . 
  i 'm not convinced about that aspect of the answer , though i 'll admit my knowledge of this type of history is n't exactly fantastic . 
  the last time a monarch refused to grant royal assent was 1707 so i think involvement of the monarchy in politics ( and yes i 'm aware of charles trying to influence government decisions ) would have waned over time anyway . 
  what i do like about the answer however is that it does n't just assume that a british victory means even greater british dominance in the era , for without the loss of the thirteen colonies the rise of the second british empire might not have happened ( though perhaps it might have anyway ) . 
  i think when it comes to questions such as this the questions they raise and more interesting than the answers they give . 
  certainly though there would be huge effects on republicanism and colonialism , and we 'd no doubt see a less industrialised north america with westward expansion at a later date . 
  it comes up in / r/historicalwhatif occasionally . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/historicalwhatif/comments/16l0v5/what_if_the_united_states_had_lost_the_american/ ) thread was the first i found for if you are interested in reading potential outcomes of a british victory . 
   a two speed europe is an alternative , but we still need to see what 's on the table . 
  i can agree with that , as i 'm curious as to whether you think the blame for not knowing what is on the table lies at the eu level or domestically . 
  i think cameron is using the idea of eu reform as a voting point for the next election so he is in no hurry to push it . 
  but i 'm more than willing to admit this is n't a subject i have given much thought so it is a question i am not sure on . 
   nick clegg tried honestly i found his debate against farage to be a little weak to be honest . 
  not that farage was fantastic ( he did exactly what i expected ) in disseminating actually useful information , but i expected better from clegg . 
   as silly as it sounds , cameron 's eu policy therefore has very little to do with the eu . 
  that does n't sound silly at all , it 's just a depressing insight into how the eu is treated in the uk . 
   can i meet you halfway and say it 's the fault of major parties and political leaders and the media that juncker is not as legitimate as he claims to be ? 
  i 'm more than happy to agree to that but in my view it does n't change much to me because the solution remains the same ; the media need to start reporting on the eu properly ( and with it i 'd expect politicians to follow ) . 
  our political leaders may not want to talk about europe because of where it is heading , but i 'm not sure that is an excuse . 
  as is pretty clear by my posts , i am pretty pro-eu , but my problem with the political parties and media is n't just that the eu is only ever mentioned in a negative light . 
  if farage wants to be anti-eu and many tories would rather leave europe than be part of a political union that is fine . 
  i passionately disagree with it , but i can accept that people will have a different opinion than me . 
  but what is getting lost in what in this extremely superficial debate on our place in europe is the information that would allow the population to make an educated vote should a referendum come . 
  if the uk wants out of the eu i can accept that , but any referendum on it would have less democratic legitimacy than juncker if the quality of information given to us does not improve in the run up to the referendum .
