  i think this is more of a warning about picking and choosing rather than a warning about dropping out . 
  good . 
  with all the criticism of the eu from the british press ( and various political parties ) the ` europe debate ' is something the uk needs to have . 
   refuses to enter diplomatic negotiations with its closest neighbours but this is n't the case . 
  of course the uk will enter into diplomatic negotiations with scotland in the event of independence . 
  what you really mean is that the uk wo n't enter into diplomatic negotiations with regards to a currency union . 
  in the event of independence it is n't just the snp who decide what will be negotiated on and what wo n't be . 
  if the rejection of a currency union is the actual position of westminster ( and not just a scare tactic that they wo n't go through with ) it 's probably better it comes out now rather than in post-independence negotiations . 
  [ edit - grammar ], 
   the smooth transition into independence is paramount to insuring this prosperity and continuing the currency union , for the sake of economic stability , as well as taking debt , for the sake of diplomatic stability , are steps towards insuring that transition . 
  but in the event of independence it is n't in the interests of the rest of the uk to bend over backwards to smooth your transition to independence . 
  the uk will then do what it considers best for itself , and in many cases i imagine the interests of scotland and the rest of the uk will be quite similar . 
  but if a currency union is not one of those cases ( and i wo n't pretend to know anywhere near enough about this subject to have my own opinion on whether it is ) i do n't see why the uk should be obligated to accept a currency union merely on the basis of pre-independence promises of the snp . 
   after independence then westminster can act in the interest of the constituency of ruk , but right now , in the very real present , scots are uk citizens and the current government should represent their best interest as well . 
  the rejection of a currency union only affects scottish people in the event of independence , so i do n't really see how westminster is currently acting against the interests of their constituents . 
  it 's a simple message - ` in the event of independence we will no longer look after your interests . ', 
  this is hardly an unreasonable position . 
  well the simplest answer , i imagine , is that the eu does n't have the competence to harmonise the laws on welfare . 
  a different answer is that it would be a complete bastards to get the member states to agree on a harmonised welfare system on the basis that it is a huge issue in many countries and would cause a lot of controversy . 
  and then there is the fact the cost of living , and wages , greatly differs from member state to member state so you the ` same money ' part of your argument could n't apply , which would lead to different countries still giving different amounts of money . 
  which would n't stop migration . 
  perhaps i 'm overlooking something big but a unified welfare system just is n't currently viable , either politically or otherwise . 
   perhaps some of those who are opposed to independence are in favour of the scottish people having the right to hold a referendum on it . 
  i really do n't get why that question was asked on the survey . 
  i support scotland 's * right * to independence , but i think the question asked in the survey is one that really only concerns the scottish . 
  i think the point being made is more that aliens would be in wonder at how big of an issue the world makes of homosexuality when in reality it should n't be a big problem . 
  i think the `` it really means very little '' refers more to the fact that it is ridiculous how much attention is given to something that should n't be an issue . 
   it was a dick measuring contest that could have ended the world should nukes be involved , so both sides kinda took it seriously . 
  the fact that the cold war was a * `` dick measuring contest '' * is exactly why i do n't believe the actions of the us could be justified . 
  i believe there are valid reasons to go to war ; but overthrowing a democratically elected government to put in a government more amenable to us interest is not a valid reason because it is not done on the basis of morality , only geopolitics . 
  i feel we are having two different arguments here on the basis that your posts do n't seem to counter the moral justifications for us actions , only political reasons for the actions . 
  i get why the us acted the way it did in the cold war . 
  i get why the soviets acted the way they did in the cold war . 
  hell , i get the reasons for the british attack on mers-el-kebir in ww2 , and so many more actions conducted by various governments in the name or war or politics . 
  but that does n't justify them . 
  the fact that the us was in a cold war gives no right to overthrow the ( often democratically elected ) governments of sovereign nations just because they had a problem with the political ideology of that government . 
   there 's no morality in war then it is n't justifiable . 
  again , this does not at all excuse the actions of the us interference in latin america . 
  not to mention that you previously mentioned that the cold war was not a real war ...  the cold war was in fact a game , as no real war happened only proxy wars in addition to this the victims of this ` war ' you seem intent on justifying was not the soviet union . 
  the iranian coup , as has already been mentioned , was about oil . 
  arbenz was a socialist though there was no evidence of soviet involvement in guatemala at the time . 
  the chavez coup was after the end of the cold war . 
   next time there 's war , lets hope the u.s. stays out of it . 
  then you can be as `` moral '' in your war as much as you want , you know right before they shoot you . 
  who is this ` they ' that would shoot me exactly ? 
  and again all that does is explain * why * the us did what it did . 
  it does n't justify their actions on any moral basis . 
   but u clearly seem to have no knowledge on our policy of containment at the time . 
  second do you really think we were pulling these of by ourselves we had majority nato support . 
  i do n't give a shit what support the us had , * because i am not trying to justify it * . 
  the fact that the us had nato support does nothing to justify their actions ( or that of nato ) . 
  i know of the us policy of containment . 
  my point is that * it was not moral * . 
  i do n't give a shit about strategic interests in the cold war , because for me the overriding concern is that democratically elected governments were overthrown by foreign nations for their own purposes . 
  this is immoral and unjustifiable regardless of whether it was done by the us , the uk , or the ussr . 
  i do n't care if the chinese revolution cost more lives than american actions because again * that does not in the slightest justify those actions * . 
  at the very most it serves to put them in perspective . 
  the wars in iraq and afghanistan are not made moral just because ww2 had a greater death toll . 
  9/11 does not become moral because its death doll was insignificant in comparison to the holocaust . 
  so i do n't see in any way why the actions of the us in america is justified just because it had a lower death toll than a revolution in a country which now has the highest population in the world . 
  because i 'm sure that means shit to the people of honduras or guatemala for example who suffered because the us could n't respect sovereignty . 
  chess is a game . 
  the cold war was not . 
  overthrowing often democratically elected ( or popular ) governments undermines the principles that the west was espousing at the end of ww2 and can not be justified . 
  the chilean government was democratically elected . 
  cuba turned to the ussr after the us turned hostile . 
  the iranian coup was about oil . 
  i do n't think there was soviet involvement in the arbenz government in guatamala either . 
  and the attempt to oust chavez was after the fall of the soviet union . 
  if you want to argue there were strategic reasons for such actions , fair enough . 
  but i 'll never agree they were justified . 
  the actions of the us in latin america especially were fucking horrifying . 
   also britian supported most of our coups , your country even plotted the iraq coup . 
  i 'm not trying to justify the actions of ` my ' government though , so i 'd say it 's pretty irrelevant , and neither is it a justification that the soviets were doing the same thing . 
   but the world easily forgets that the countries we tried to overthrow went through a coup to get those leftist in power to begin with salvador allende would like a word with you . 
  as would jacobo arbenz . 
  or the iranian coup in 1953 . 
  or even the bay of pigs ; whilst castro was n't democratically elected he was hardly unpopular in cuba at that point . 
  or the attempted coup of chavez ( which , america at least * allegedly * was involved in ) . 
  it would probably be easier to justify us actions such as the above if they had actually tried to set up democratically elected governments . 
  i completely agree we wo n't see a federal europe within 20 years , but i imagine the opinion of the people could be changed with relative ease if the right people supported it ( in politics and the media ) . 
  100 years is a long time , i mean look at what europe was leading up to a century ago . 
  perhaps the eu wo n't federalise within 100 years , but it is far from impossible . 
  and yet a quick google leads me to find [ two ] ( http://www.criminaljusticealliance.org/cja_reducingimprisonment_europe.pdf ) [ articles ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3036450.stm ) that states denamrk has a low rate of incarceration , and a low rate of recidivism ( a * lot * lower than my own country ) . 
  so they are clearly doing something right . 
  my aunt used to work at a school with a * lot * of problems ( kids victims of domestic abuse etc. ), 
  and one thing she always mentioned was that it was difficult to educate kids on aspects of morality ( in her case it was violence , but i 'm applying the same thinking to racism ) because at the end of the school day they go back home to the environment that causes such behaviour in the first place . 
  since you work in a school ( so will know more about this shit than i do ) , i 'm curious as to whether you have seen the type of thing that my aunt described ? 
  i ca n't help but feel that such formal education is an overly simplistic way of trying to deal with racism . 
  i mean , what would this education consist of ? 
  * `` remember kids , black people and romanians etc. 
  are our friends !, 
  '' * i feel that racism , alongside binge drinking , sexism , homophobia , and a plethora of other societal wrongs require changes on a societal level , and an approach such as that in the article risks merely making it seem as if something is being done about racism instead of actually doing something significant to tackle the issue . 
  i 'd want a president purely on principle . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the monarchy is a figurehead of the rule by the upper class . 
  however , with social mobility the way it is in the uk a president would n't be much better i suppose . 
   i 'm inclined to prefer a republic , but also just feel that it is pointless . 
  this is probably why there 's no real republican movement in the uk . 
  i 'd like the monarchy to go but in truth i do n't really care enough to do anything about it . 
   why are people so attached to the monarchy anyway ?
