   part of civil disobedience is taking the consequences to show how truly unjust the system is . 
  that is how you bring about real change . 
  i can agree with a lot of your criticisms of snowden , but this is the one thing that comes up a lot that i ca n't agree to . 
  i see no honour in throwing himself at the mercy of the us justice system , because it would accomplish nothing . 
  he 'd be locked away and forgotten , aside from a reddit post marking the anniversary of his imprisonment . 
  it would not help to bring about real change , and if he does have more intelligence to leak then he can be far more useful to his own agenda from staying away from the us . 
  well , i watched * red dragon * earlier and your post is still the most disturbing thing of the day . 
  part of my wonders exactly why someone would do that , but part of me really does n't want to find reason in making england a gas mecca . 
  thanks for the information . 
  seems we 've both had an anglo-centric education then . 
  i was amazed when i first found out the scope of the eastern front . 
   our education is uncomfortably anglo-centric i 'm curious about this . 
  is ww2 education in america anglo-centric or us-centric ? 
  it would be interesting to know . 
  from what i remember of my own education ( which is unfortunately less than i 'd like ) , i seem to recall the russian contribution being mentioned but not * nearly * to the extent i later learned they played . 
  but ( as a brit ) i did learn about lend-lease and american involvement ( though with a focus on britain ) . 
   also we cant forget that usa soley took on the pacific front . 
  the graph concerns the defeat of germany . 
  why are so many people mentioning japan ? 
  it seems people are unable to downplay american involvement without mentioning it . 
  yes the us was the primary power in defeating japan , and their help in europe should not be ignored . 
  but the defeat of japan is not relevant to the poll . 
  the british empire fought in the pacific . 
  the us obviously did far more but its seems disingenuous in a thread that seems to largely be about giving recognition to the soviet contribution to then not give contribution to the british empire ( with emphasis on australians ) , as though we must pacify the americans by giving them sole japanese victory just because they are considered over-represented in the above graph . 
  i think credit is worth giving to all the nations involved in defeating the nazi regime . 
  but if there is going to be a pissing contest over who did what i think representation should be given to all the nations involved instead of just turning this into us v ussr . 
  china was on my mind in at least some of my posts in this thread , but i must admit my ignorance by stating i know far too little about the actions of china during wwii ( other than the rape of nanking and a few other atrocities ) . 
  which does n't make a difference as to who actually contributed the most . 
  hypotheticals are fun to discuss ( it is why i am subscribed to / r/historicalwhatif ) , but it does n't change what happened . 
   i 'm so tired of this reddit circle jerk about the u.s. not contributing , it is disrespectful to our veterans . 
  it 's disrespectful to soviet and british veterans that the contribution of the us ( according to the graph ) is valued so much higher . 
   agreeing to split up poland seems pretty buddy buddy to me . 
  not really . 
  agreeing to split up poland was beneficial to the ussr , so it 's not necessarily being ` buddy buddy ' but the soviet union gaining a benefit . 
  i 'm curious as to what nationality you are ? 
  i only wonder because i 've never encountered any true hostility to the french as a brit , just lighthearted mocking * because * we share a history . 
  i 've always assumed the french are the same . 
  interesting . 
  i presumed the reluctance to bomb europe would have been due to radiation etc. 
  but i suppose far less was known about the effects of the bomb back then . 
   the allied firebombing of germany killed many more people than did the nuclear bombs in japan . 
  is n't the same true about the conventional bombings of japan ? 
  the fear of the nukes was n't so much about the damage inflicted , but the damage inflicted with only one bomb . 
  we clearly need to start funding some films . 
  my own reading has always indicated that stalin knew the germans were going to attack , but thought he had more time . 
  i 'm going to take a browse of / r/askhistorians now and see if it has ever come up . 
   but trying to say the war in the pacific was all american is like saying the only troops on d-day were american . 
  i 'd have thought that was the case coming from some of the comments on / r/worldnews concerning the d-day anniversary . 
  i 've read a little too much of mein kampf to really believe stalin would truly be pro-german . 
  the way i learned it was that he feared the germans , and further feared a german alliance with the other allied members of ww2 . 
  as for the secret talks , well that is just politics . 
  i 'm not necessarily doubting you , but i would n't mind a link to read up on stalin being pro-german . 
  and well , the amendment to divide up eastern europe is n't really defensible , but i do n't wish to defend stalin , just point out that the signing of the molotov-ribbentrop pact is n't as straightforward as the wording of / u/doncajon ( who stated ) :  let 's not forget that the soviets had a pact with the nazis [ 1 ] and they were totally ok with the ruthless land grabbing up until the very second when they themselves got invaded . 
  did n't stalin sign the molotov-ribbentrop pact because britain and france had refused a military alliance and he needed time to prepare the ussr ( not helped by the purges ) ? 
   however some people here are trying to diminish us input to the war to laughable levels / u/inalittlerowboat criticised people in this thread for downplaying us involvement in ww2 and then downplayed the role of the british empire ( and the final push by the ussr in the final days ) in asia . 
   some people here are trying to diminish us input to the war to laughable levels then perhaps the british ( and all the nations that once made up its empire ) should also be complaining , because it is n't just the role of the us that is being diminished in this thread . 
  i 'm sure there are a fair amount more nations who would also take offence to the downfall of germany merely being attributed to three countries . 
   i 'm sure everybody is in love with you because you say `` it 's propaganda that the usa did a lot during ww2 - they did jack shit !!, 
  stop being an ignorant twat and realise that is n't what was said . 
  the post of / u/nolok just recognises the huge contribution of the soviet union against germany . 
   the us defeated japan almost single-handedly which is irrelevant to the topic of course because the question concerned the defeat of * germany * . 
  not to mention it 's just not respectful to disregard the presence of the commonwealth nations in the pacific ( in the same way that just because the ussr did the heavy lifting against germany does n't mean credit should n't be given to the other nations ) . 
  this question concerns the defeat of germany though , not the japanese . 
  thank you for that information , i appreciate it . 
  if scotland went independent and ruk left the eu i 'd really be thinking about a move up to scotland . 
  i really do n't think ukip is going to be winning anything though . 
  they got a small majority in an election that people often use as a protest vote , with a voter turnout far lower than that of the general elections ( but i 'd guess supporters of ukip were far more likely to turn up to eu elections ) . 
  i think if ukip gains any power in the next election , it would at most be part of a coalition with the tories . 
  the major powers ( labour , tories , large businesses ) would make sure britain votes to stay in the eu , and ukip support would collapse from failing to fulfill their objective . 
  ** but ** it is easy for me to say that , living in england and therefore not having the option to rid my country of ukip influence ( via independence ) . 
  i think just as we discussed the english politicians will have a plan in the event of a scottish ` no ' vote , they 'll have a plan to deal with any referendum on the eu . 
  i think the subjugation talk at the end of that takes the topic a little too near what was discussed in the previous thread . 
  i mean , it is n't only english politicians playing games here , it is happening on both sides of the border . 
  thanks for quoting that though , it 's a fascinating insight that goes far further than i imagined ... and it really would n't surprise me if it all happened now that i have read it . 
  for sure the tories and labour will have an agenda . 
   ` well why are scottish mps still allowed to vote on english only matter ? '', 
  which is actually , all things considered , fair . 
  in the event of a no vote i really feel this is something that needs to be addressed , but i really do n't think it will be . 
  i suppose the one option is to give england its own parliament , but i think this would fast lead to talk of federalization ( and i do n't think that would be widely accepted ) . 
  i think the catalonia one is a long time coming considering the history of the region . 
  as for the rest i imagine the security of the eu ( economically , and due to the decreased likelihood of war ) has no doubt removed a lot of the fears of those seeking independence . 
   if i replied to you with venom , then i sincerely apologise do n't worry about it mate , i probably used words myself that i should n't . 
  i can imagine how frustrating it must be to want independence and not have it ( even if it is for different reasons than the catalans and basques ) , because even though i appreciate it is n't the same , my own political viewpoint is one that does n't really find representation in domestic politics , and i have a similar distrust of politicians . 
  one thing i have thought in passing though is that i think cameron played a fantastic political move ( and that is n't a compliment ) by making it an in/out referendum . 
  my own guess ( and i 'm not scottish so i could be way off the mark ) is that salmond was probably banking for devo-max to push for another referendum in the near future . 
  by taking devo-max from the referendum ( even if it is now on the cards ) i think it forced a true independence debate ( on the basis that i do n't think there would be enough support for independence if devo-max was an option on the ballot ) perhaps a few years before salmond probably envisaged . 
  do you think i am way off the mark here ? 
  fair enough , i just want to point out ( because i replied to you a lot in the thread i linked ) that the basis of my disagreement with you really did n't come from my view on scottish independence , but that debate is best left dead , i would think . 
  so anyway , my opinion on your current question is that i think it is the cornerstone of a democracy that the right to self-determination be upheld , and therefore this is really a question for scottish people alone . 
  i do n't think it can be doubted that scotland would be fine as an independent nation , but i think a lot of claims made on both sides of the debate with regards to the future economy of scotland are quite unverifiable merely because the future can not be predicted . 
  with regards to the campaigning i think both sides have been quite crafty . 
  westminster could probably have got a lot more information with regards to the scottish position in the eu had they wanted . 
  but similarly i think salmond has been playing politics in announcing things ( such as scotland keeping the pound ) that he really should n't . 
  no matter which way the vote goes i think the independence of scotland will become an inevitability unless the political landscape of the uk can significantly change ( such as becoming federal , which is rather unlikely ) . 
  would you happen to be the guy from [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/27lcjx/antimonarchy_protests_persist_in_spain/ ) ? 
  because i find it quite peculiar you feel the need to use a throwaway , because it only gives us one side of your claims . 
   yet because we have so few people backing our stance we get forced to have what we do n't want time and time again . 
  there are vast areas of england that consistently vote for the same political party , but they are not oppressed when that party does not get in power , because that is democracy . 
  in such a circumstance it makes no difference whether that area is a country , a federated state , or a geographic area , because democracy is a thing of the * people * . 
  the union works for as long as the majority of the scottish people accept that their power within the uk is relative to their size ( the same as any geographic area ) .
