the chance of those people forming ghettos and not integrating is much higher than for example your average north german who is culturally much closer to you . 
  i do n't think the average ukip voter gives a shit about immigration from germany . 
  people such as farage and those that support him may bang on about eu immigration as a whole but it is pretty clear their focus is not on immigration from western europe . 
  farage himself caused controversy ( no surprise there ) when he stated * `` you know what the difference is '' * when asked the difference between having a group of romanian men or german children for neighbours . 
  [ edit ] [ link here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27459923 ) . 
  the anglosphere is n't just about language but cultural and political ( and familial ) ties . 
  you do n't see south africa as part of ` five eyes ' for example ( though admittedly ireland is n't either ) . 
  you do n't tend to see jamaica and south africa as being considered part of the anglosphere . 
  it 's missing ireland however . 
  i 'm completely pro-eu but if an the anglosphere created an eu-like union ( which i 'd be against because it would be dominated by the us ) what exceptions would the uk really want ? 
  because i ca n't see ukip or the tories complaining about us receiving too many immigrants from america or new zealand , and due to the shared language it would also be far easier to convey the benefits of free movement . 
  easier to say you 'd vote yes when there is no referendum . 
   what if scotland were to create an alternative for that industry . 
  england would not idly sit by letting that happen and would respond . 
   we will leave or we will have to start a war against them . 
  if a country wants to leave the eu what is stopping them ? 
  i fucking love france sometimes . 
   i mean could a children sue its arents because they give him blonde hair ( something like that ) this is a ridiculous leap . 
  in what way would a ban on genital mutilation logically lead to being able to sue your parents for * not * engineering you ? 
  circumcised infants have fewer bladder and kidney infections in the first year of life . 
  circumcised men have lower rates of sexually transmitted infections , including herpes , syphilis and hiv . 
  for the first one the article mentioned how rare uti 's are , and also how they can be treated with medicine ( non-invasive ) . 
  as for the second , i am not sure how many times i have had to say this - in addition to the multiple times people in this thread have stated it - but when any justification for circumcision is based on the life of an adult , not a child ( as is the case with sexually transmitted infections ) then there is no reason to not wait until that child is an adult so he can make the decision himself . 
   they are still benefits according to the article . 
  * potential * benefits , most of which are vague , and some of which are statistically insignificant . 
  that you determine minor complications in 1 in 500 circumcisions as not being a problem to me just highlights how ridiculous the basis of your argument is . 
  you support circumcision on the basis of vague ` health benefits ' that are unlikely to provide any benefit to a child on the basis of their rarity , but seem to dismiss minor complications on the basis of their own rarity . 
  you also mention that these health benefits particularly apply to africa ` where such infections run rampant ' but this would only be relevant if we were discussing a ban at the un level . 
  it makes no difference if circumcision helps to prevent infection in africa because the movement to ban circumcision is based in europe . 
   i think this debate will foresee things like human engineering and how you decide how you children should be like in the near future . 
  you think a ban on circumcision will lead to human engineering ? 
  what the fuck . 
   and are not back by any studies . 
  the very page you linked has as much anti-circumcision information as pro-circumcision so i have no idea why you think the anti-circumcision argument is backed by no studies . 
  furthermore , it is really up to those who are in favour of circumcision to come up with an argument as to exactly why it should be allowed , and there is n't one . 
  i mean , look at the article you linked , which as far as i can see has two * potential * benefits for circumcision . 
  the first * potential * benefit is that it may help prevent uti 's , which are very rare and can be treated with medicine . 
  this is easily offset by this :  dr. jorge demaria , a pediatric urologist at mcmaster children 's hospital in hamilton , said he and a colleague treat at least 10 patients a month for complications or unsatisfactory results . 
  dr. martin koyle , head of urology at toronto 's hospital for sick children , said the hospital sees two to three `` significant complications '' every week . 
  and the second * potential * benefit is to do with sexually transmitted diseases , which does not concern children and only really gains relevance at an age where the male can choose for himself whether he wishes to be circumcised . 
  so exactly what are the benefits again , because the website you linked really did n't give me a conclusive or convincing list of health benefits at all ; it can a few * potential * benefits that could be offset by the sated risks ( even though you earlier denied that circumcision leads to problems ) . 
  give me the health benefits then ? 
  because anything sexually related can wait until the person becomes an adult . 
  and if you are going to mention hygiene , well it is n't hard to wash a dick . 
   for the same reasons you dont let your child decide if he want a vaccine or not you just give him . 
  studies have shown that circumcision do not cause any problems with jewish children but vaccines are n't given because they ` do not cause any problems ' , they are given because they provide an objective benefit . 
  circumcision does not provide that objective benefit to a child , and furthermore is more invasive than a vaccine . 
  please explain to me the difference between bolshevism and menshevism . 
  and how they differ from left communism . 
  because all i see is some idiot throwing around the word bolshevism as a scare tactic to try to seem smarter than the idiots who throw around the word communism as a scare tactic . 
   and when he become adult and may beneficial for him then let them choose to do it as an adult . 
  i hear denmark has quite the bolshevik party . 
  seriously , how fucking stupid are you ? 
  let 's not imply thatcher is n't hugely divisive in england as well . 
  scotland alone ca n't claim the achievement of getting * ding dong !, 
  the witch is dead * to number two upon her death . 
   so if you ever get scammed you would not mind being punished for that . 
  way to oversimplify their actions to the extent of idiocy . 
  these people would n't be punished for getting scammed , they 'd be punished for crimes committed whilst being ` scammed ' . 
  instead of dancing around the subject and portraying these people as victims of a scam though lets talk about the situation in reality . 
  these people went to fight in a foreign civil war , and a lot of news articles still paint these people are jihadists who merely want out because they are pissed they are fighting other muslims . 
  and as for those who only went to fight asaad and did n't wish to get caught up with the extremists , i trust the law to distinguish between the two . 
   i expect you mean jail in the uk is the better option ? 
  i did mean that yes , but the alternative i had in mind was really to keep fighting . 
  add in the choice of going to pakistan and i suppose the question does become a little more open . 
  as a brit though must admit i 'm not really fussed as long as they face the appropriate punishment should they ever return here . 
   basically , due to their own choices they are now faced with two very nasty possible outcomes . 
  one significantly less nasty than the other i would assume . 
  i 'm not mangling definitions , someone used a ledge metaphor , i continued it . 
  these people do n't face death if they come back to the uk , they face punishment . 
  they face the law . 
  but they can get out of that ditch , they can return to the uk . 
  that just means facing the repercussions . 
  it was just a short chat on channel 4 news about britain and the eu , [ which you can see here ] ( http://www.channel4.com/news/finnish-pm-i-dont-recognise-british-image-of-eu-video ) . 
  comes off as straightforward and very likeable to me . 
  i do n't notice that so much because i 'm from a family of tea drinkers . 
  if someone is coming home , the kettle is put on for some tea . 
  if we have a visitor , they are going to be offered tea . 
  after we have eaten , time for a cup of tea . 
  when it 's getting dark ? 
  tea . 
  typing this i have realised i probably drink a lot more tea than i realise . 
  my family have always had a cup of tea first thing in the morning as well but that 's coffee time . 
  most green tea i have tried though is vile . 
  okay , turkey still puts me to shame . 
  i can probably do 4 or 5 cups a day . 
  aah , thats a shame to hear . 
  from what i recall when he was being interviewed on british tv it was about the eu . 
  pretty easy for him to take a pro-eu stance i suppose when he does n't have to worry about pissing off potential ukip voters . 
  labour should just drop trying to make miliband seem electable and just run their entire campaign with [ this poster of cameron ] ( http://mydavidcameron.com/images/progcon1.jpg ) . 
  he was interviewed on british tv a while back and he came off really well . 
  only a little , you are outdoing the brits at out own stereotype . 
  is there not some irish law against that ? 
  irish tea consumption levels would be something to aim for , it looks attainable and would get us in a respectable third . 
  i 'm pretty sure i could personally drink more tea that the average person in turkey , but fucking hell they are on another level entirely . 
  if you are talking to brits about our tea habit it better bloody well be that ireland is beating us and we are n't drinking enough of it . 
   make them , they knew what they were entering into and the children will surely be born in a foreign enclave . 
  ` making them ' raises human rights concerns , and labelling this place a foreign enclave would just come off as a contrived attempt to try to avoid it . 
  say the uk were to take in a huge amount of syrian refugees under this , would the foreign enclave by syrian ? 
  because it sure as hell would n't be controlled by the syrian government .
