  this poster though ? 
  are we meant to be fearing the germans , because i think the uk is a little beyond that . 
  i agree with / u/cyridius that this is just scummy as fuck . 
  ukip is a protest vote and most people in the uk have no idea how the eu functions ( if they did , they 'd realise just how idiotic voting for ukip in the european elections is ) . 
  come the general election many ukip voters will go back to conservative to deny labour some votes . 
  i think you are right that there will probably be a referendum on the eu in the future . 
  considering the three major parties are pro-eu though ( even if they are critical ) , and the amount of businesses that have articulated a pro-eu sentiment you can bet your ass that by the time of any referendum the british public wo n't vote to leave . 
   switzerland voted no to the salary ratio between workers and employee , which was clearly socialist that still is n't socialist , because it does n't concern a transfer of the means of production to the workers . 
  it 's no more socialist than an increase in the minimum wage ( but it something that generally gains the support of socialists within the realm of capitalist reform ) . 
   but it is a policy very much championed by democratic socialists . 
  arguably only because ` socialist ' parties have either given up on true socialism or realised the impossibility of the implementation of true socialist policies in a capitalistic environment . 
  anyway , it might have seemed a little pedantic of me to point out an increase in the minimum wage is n't a socialist policy , i merely did so because i dislike the word being misused as an umbrella term for anything even remotely left wing . 
  as a socialist i support an increase in the minimum wage ( it really needs to be a living wage ) , but that still does n't make it a socialist policy . 
   switzerland already voted `` no '' on a couple socialist policies recently . 
  increasing the minimum wage is n't socialist . 
  link me a politician with * any * significant support that has called europeans nazis or spoke of europe ruining britain with feminism . 
  out of the 4 major parties in the uk only one of them is against the eu . 
  people like cameron wanting powers back from europe ( something i disagree with by the way ) is n't framed in a way to bash on european nations , it 's framed as an internal issue of sovereignty . 
  perhaps , but they have that right to be dumb . 
  it 's just a flag . 
  still though , uk likes polish boobs . 
  woohoo for immigration !, 
   how can wwii be real if poland is n't real ? 
  it 's all about the capital letters, 
   who hates the british , anyway ? 
  i think the day the french vote for the uk in eurovision is the day the country should just announce we are ready for eu federalization . 
   then they were betrayed and defended themselves . 
  i feel this is a bit of an oversimplification . 
  the nazis may have betrayed the soviet union but is n't the general consensus that the molotov-ribbentrop pact was merely used to buy the ussr some time before the inevitable invasion ( and could hardly truly be perceived as hitler and stalin dividing up the world because the pact would never have lasted that long and stalin knew it ) . 
  considering the anti-communist rhetoric at the time and support for the fascists in the spanish civil war i think it is pretty clear why stalin was looking out for the ussr and was n't going to go out of his way to defend the west . 
  so to me , the problem is what followed . 
   you guys use your military to project influence into the world i still maintain that 2 % is not a huge amount . 
  if shit ever * did * go down and the combined forces of nato were truly needed i do n't see why the greater burden should be carried by france and the uk ( within europe ) when there are other significant countries in nato . 
   this is just the military industry lobbying because the crimea crisis give them a good excuse . 
  i agree that we should be wary of that , and i 'd be totally against my own country spending any more on the military than they do now ( because we reach the 2 % threshold ) . 
  for some countries however the situation in crimea is a concern , and if nato is to be taken seriously that concern really should be felt by countries obligated to help in the ( very unlikely ) event of conflict . 
   as a spaniard i think we are doing more than enough to contribute to nato since we get no global influence , nor security since we have no threats . 
  then why not advocate leaving nato ? 
  the purpose of it is collective defence , and if a country feels it is getting nothing out of it i think that is more a reason to leave than not meet the agreed threshold . 
  despite being against ( excessive ) use of the military , i do see how my own views are shaped by the country i live in , which clearly does have a more active military . 
  my own thought process is that i ca n't really envisage a situation whereby i 'd support the uk entering a major war ( defined by requiring the use of nato ) without the support of the other european powers ( unless a country within the anglosphere was attacked i suppose ) , and if that unfortunate circumstance were to occur i 'd want that burden to be shared more evenly . 
  i suppose my views are also shaped by wanting europe to be able to look after its own affairs without needing to rely on the us . 
  the 2 % threshold is hardly an absurd amount ; i think if a country sees the use of nato and wants the protection it offers , then meeting the 2 % requirement indicates that nato is being taken seriously . 
  i 'm not a big fan of use of the military , and safely sitting in the british isles ( rather than a country bordering russia ) i do n't exactly have any fears that the russian government is going to go batshit but i do think if you want the protection of nato you should be contributing to it , and the 2 % figure is hardly a figure the us pulled out of their ass to bully the european nations , it was something that was agreed upon . 
  more than anything i 'd prefer greater cooperation at a european ( especially eu ) level for the sake of efficiency . 
  though at this point i must admit that in my studies on the eu , the common security and defence policy thoroughly confused me so i 'm not as informed on the matter as i would like . 
  as a british person i 've personally never come across any genuine dislike of the french ; i 've always just considered it to be a bit of harmless mocking . 
  there 's one thing i am curious about though ; a few years ago i was in a * wow * guild that had a fair amount of european nationalities and one thing i noticed in voice chat was that the british often had a very biting humour where we 'd take the piss whereas those of other nationalities seemed a lot more caring . 
  i 'm just wondering if that was a cultural thing representative of various brands of humour ( and british humour is more sarcastic or mocking ) or not . 
  which then just fucks over british representation at the european parliament for no reason . 
  hell , i do n't find it weird if there * is * a couch . 
  i 'd rather sleep on a bed than a couch . 
  male or female friend , who gives a shit . 
  i personally would n't have thought of this as a cultural issue but a personal one ; some people will be comfortable enough with it , some wo n't . 
  i would n't share a bed with relatives though ... but neither would i be weirded out if someone did due to circumstances . 
   what do you think are the pros and cons ? 
  occupied palestinian territory . 
  until that shit has been sorted out it should n't even be contemplated . 
  israel just brings tensions in the middle east , and that is just something the eu does n't need . 
   i do n't really know why scotland is being blocked in their attempt to secede . 
  unless i am missing something , they are n't . 
   i do n't mean that to be for or against independence movements , just that it , legally speaking , is the difference . 
  with this in mind i 'm curious as to whether you believe the basis for allowing the scottish referendum comes from this legal difference . 
   who tells they would n't have developed a modern state ... like japan did and china and thailand attempted to do considering the attempts of japan to create a colonial empire and the chinese notion of the ` century of humiliation ' i think their development into modern states is very much a product of imperialism ( even if they were n't ruled over in the same way as india ) . 
  i 'm curious as to your nationality considering your viewpoint on the impact of the british empire ? 
  not sure if taking the piss ... or just pitying us . 
   true , but i 'm sure this rule will apply to dutch citizens who ca n't speak the language as well . 
  would it not still be indirect discrimination ? 
  genuine question , my knowledge of eu law is a little rusty . 
  definitely . 
  the country has always fascinated me but i ca n't say i have ever liked their leaders . 
  but even bearing in mind the 2008 incident with georgia i 'd never have guessed they 'd have occupied crime the way they did . 
   we 're not holding any grudge considering the frequency with which the phoney war seems to have cropped up since russia invaded crimea i 'm inclined to disagree with that statement . 
   what about defending a non-european territory if the british were to give up their own military for a unified eu military my personal expectation would be that the eu would have the burden of protecting british overseas territory . 
  no doubt it would be a contentious issue . 
  certainly it would something that would have to be discussed . 
  i suppose i just hope that if the eu were to get to the point where a unified eu military * was * feasible , then protection of british overseas territory would be an issue that could be solved . 
  i 'm in favour of it ( eventually ) for a few reasons : ( 1 ) stops reliance on the us . 
  i have no problem with the us or nato , i just think europe should be able to defend its own interests . 
  ( 2 ) i 'm not really big on the idea of war , and with that comes my thought process that i do n't really envisage a conflict that i 'd support involvement in where the uk would be involved but france ( for example ) would n't . 
  so with that in mind i figure a unified military would just be more efficient . 
  in general though i very much see the problems with the implementation of a unified military ( considering the eu does n't really have a single foreign policy ) but it 's something i think should be worked towards . 
  the increased military cooperation between france and the uk for example could be replicated in different regional blocs within the eu ( and furthered ) as part of a slow path towards a unified military . 
  i ' m really not sure how much of an answer you can expect from this question , it 's just preference . 
  in general i find eastern european women more attractive . 
  ca n't really say why , i just do . 
   again , all you have is paper , hope its worth something . 
  but still your argument consists of `` nato is useless because they did n't defend a non-nato nation . '', 
  the piece of paper is worth something because that piece of paper represents the strength of the nations who signed that paper , so to allow russia to undermine that would be not just to sacrifice the first nation , but any possibility of defence against russia . 
   being in the eu does n't mean they are of interest . 
  how exactly ? 
  i 'd say it 's a very strong economic interest . 
  for a start they are in the eu , and not within the sphere of influence of russia . 
   he 's a lawyer so he should know how to read it . 
  he reads into it how he wants to read into it in the same way that putin can . 
  the fact that he is a lawyer hardly legitimizes his position because it quite overtly does not commit the us or uk to a military response . 
  had the us or uk wanted such a commitment , it would have been explicitly stated in terms just as concrete as article 5 nato . 
   you say article 5 is a guarantee , i say it 's meaningless , history is on my side , all you have is optimism . 
  history is n't on your side though . 
  when has nato failed to protect a * nato state * who has been declared war on ?
