  at that price we 'll be giving him away !, 
  which i still consider to be a fair deal . 
  you like prince charles ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'd be willing to trade him . 
  i agree ; i mentioned a bit further down that the lyrics to * i vow to thee * were rather nationalistic and it therefore makes little sense i part of my dislike for * god save the queen * is that i am not a monarchist , and yet ( despite being an atheist and not at all patriotic ) i have a great love for * i vow to thee * . 
  still though , i really do find * jupiter * to be a beautiful piece of music , and it is very rare that i get enjoyment from music . 
  clearly you are frequenting the wrong comedy clubs . 
   i think gstq is actually really lovely when performed correctly . 
  i 'll admit to having enjoyed the version that you linked . 
  i still find it a little slow however in comparison to some of the other more ` fun ' national anthems . 
  a bit problem i have against gstq however is that i 'm not a big fan of the monarchy , and that is pretty much what it is all about . 
  neither am i a nationalist of course , and i suppose an argument could be made that the lyrics to * i vow to thee * are rather repugnant , but as a nation anthem i have to say i 'd prefer to be singing about the country than the monarch . 
  more than anything though i 'm not a big fan of lyrics in general , and i just find [ jupiter ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz0b4stz1lo#t=174 ) ( which is where the music of * i vow to thee * comes from ) to be be wonderful . 
  obama and the us is hardly fawned over on / r/europe ( or in europe ) anyway . 
  it is n't 2008 any more . 
  if you do n't have an erect penis in your hand when you are laughing i 'm not even sure you can call it a laugh . 
  i always liked the german national anthem ( until a couple of years of vettel dominating f1 , when the anthem started to grind on me !, 
  ) , but i love the gdr anthem you linked . 
  beautiful . 
  it 's too slow and rather depressing . 
  i much prefer [ i vow to three , my country ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mg27bkwjai ) which i find to be an absolutely beautiful piece of music ( especially without the lyrics , though i much prefer the lyrics to our current anthem ) . 
  edit - bonus links [ i vow to thee - charlotte church ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52lnbnqvrfy ) [ i vow to thee - civ v ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh8iljlbnny ) [ i vow to thee - katherine jenkins ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7ztac69hle ), 
  abu ghraib is a pretty good sign that humans have n't moved on , and guantanamo is an example of the government not exactly moving on ( by taking a step in the right direction ) . 
  i think in truth what guantanamo shows is that the second the government think they can get away with it or consider it inconvenient , it is incredibly easy to remove rights . 
  not to mention the drone strikes , which really calls into question the universality of these rights . 
  what we have are not human rights , just rights granted by the government . 
  the perception of them being ` human rights ' gives them a higher status ( i suppose akin to a constitution , though being from the uk and without a codified constitution perhaps others may think different ) as it may mean that governments are more reluctant to fuck with them because of the social expectation of the protection of these rights , but the government can fuck with them nonetheless . 
  i suppose i agree with the last line of your first post . 
  they are real because we say they are real , but this also gives them a vulnerability where they can be taken away . 
  so what we have are rights that we * call * human rights , but in truth they are not rights that have irrevocably been granted to all humans . 
  the netherlands is hard to hate . 
  i ca n't think of a single reason to not like you guys . 
  i wish it was at the moment !, 
  i 've been sweating my ass off for a week with our current weather . 
  it 's nice to see a french perspective that is similar to my own . 
  i know a lot of the mocking between our countries ( which i fully recognise comes mostly from the british side ) is largely without malice ( such as that guy building the fart machine in dover ) , but i still find it frustrating because it comes off as a reference to a different era when we have such a common history , which itself has brought so many similarities between our countries ( and their place in the world ) . 
  i think if my own viewpoint was more common or accepted , british people could look towards continental europe with a bit of a different perspective and realise our place is in europe , not straddling between it and the us . 
  as a brit i 'm all for mocking france but it will be in good humour . 
  i think the uk could learn a lot from france with how they handled the hollande affair for example ( as in realising that it is his personal business , and giving a greater respect for private life ) . 
  i shall now wait outside my door with my bags packed and a tricolour and await the reaction of the home office . 
  the netherlands and france . 
  i ca n't really think of any european countries i do n't like , but i love the netherlands and have always got along with dutch people i have spoken to . 
  as for france , well i love their history and culture , and think our countries are actually not too different from one another in many aspects . 
   a large percentage of our population the baby boomers and older have gown up watching the britain transition from a superpower to a great power . 
  have they ? 
  the uk was hardly in a strong position at the end of wwii ; our colonies were on their way to independence and our economy was exhausted . 
  i suppose there are people in our country in their 80 's who lived during a time of strength of the british empire , but they would have been children at the time . 
  even if we were to count the uk as being considered a superpower until the suez crisis ( which i would disagree with ) the people * born * during that year would be 58 , so the people who lived during it with a decent interest in the capabilities and power of the uk would be significantly older . 
  i do n't think our baby boomer generation at all lived during a time when britain was a superpower , they lived during the aftermath . 
   but to discount the britain 's past is i think , wrong i do not aim to discount britain 's past , which is why i mentioned the anglosphere , and that we were never occupied by the nazi 's or napoleon . 
  i think our past has been hugely important in shaping our views on europe , i just do n't like the oversimplification of this being portrayed as us still longing for the days of the british empire and unable to find a place in the world because of it . 
  i 'm sorry , i was n't aware the united kingdom was the only country in europe with an imperialistic past . 
  i know . 
  i 'm just saying i find i disheartening that some will take it into consideration . 
  i 'd hope people vote on the basis of our own role in europe , not the role of the us . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'd really fucking hope that if a referendum comes though that people ( even if only a handful ) do n't vote on the basis of the special relationship . 
  there are far better reasons for us to stay in the eu than voting on the basis of american interests . 
  i dislike the simplification of the british stance towards europe by blaming it on the british empire . 
  the history of the british empire ( and the uk in general due to its separation from mainland europe ) has long put us in a unique position ( such as never having been occupied by nazi germany or invaded by napoleon ) that can just create a barrier to our involvement in europe . 
  i do n't think our stance on europe is about us still looking for our place in the world since the collapse of the empire , just a recognition that , being an island , our history has been slightly different ( though entwined ) . 
  not to mention our strong cultural ties with the rest of the english speaking world . 
  i feel the need to point out that i am all for a federal europe ( with the uk in it ) myself , i just dislike the british empire being used as some excuse . 
  care to elaborate ? 
   it is if they value the special relationship . 
  who is ` they ' ? 
  politicians may talk about it if cameron it meeting obama , and * the sun * may mention occasionally , but i do n't think the general population of the uk gives a shit about the ` special relationship ' . 
  the article may be about wwi , but i think it is undeniable that the memory of wwi and how it is currently perceived will be shaped by the events of wwii . 
  is n't it a little late for that ? 
  i assumed the invasion of crimea was russia pretty much signaled that russia had lost that battle . 
  if you can aim it directly at this guys house i 'll pitch in . 
   if you thought of yourselves as europeans first , and not as europeans `` also , '' you 'd be surprised how much easier it would be able to get shit done . 
  i 'm all for ( eventual ) federalization of the eu but i am suspicious of attempts to use the us as a successful model that can be copied . 
  the us is a successful model of course , but it is also a product of its history , and such i do n't really think it can be replicated or used as a model for europe . 
  we have too many years of history and too many cultural ( my focus here being language ) differences for the implementation of a strong european identity to be a simple task , and i think it is especially unlikely to form in the way that european integration seems to be planned ( with the boiling frog anecdote ) because it lacks some big , momentous event that europeans could look to as part of the formation of the european identity . 
  they beat us 4-1 in 2010 ? 
  i wonder if there is a difference between countries though in what they consider is sufficient to be able to hold a conversation . 
  i did both french and german in school and my ability at both is dire ( though i have started to learn a bit of basic german recently ) , which i have always found a shame because at the time i did take an interest in it and i 've long wanted to learn a new language . 
  i definitely think those classes were a missed opportunity . 
  if that uk number is accurate it 's higher than i thought . 
  did ... did we actually just do rather well in a study about second languages ? 
  and france ? 
  bravo for us !, 
  i 'll have a word with australia to see if they want to send over abbott . 
  so who do you want in return ? 
  cameron , clegg , or miliband ? 
  farage may not have that responsibility but his ambitions in the uk bring him a bit closer to the responsibility of cameron than alexander stubb . 
  * however * , i do n't feel what the finnish pm said was at all controversial , he just spoke sense . 
  i ca n't imagine it would be harmful to clegg to have given such an interview , and i imagine if more domestic politicians spoke about the eu in such terms as the finnish pm , a pro-eu stance would probably be more acceptable for politicians to hold . 
   its also a lot easier to speak about something you have no real responsibility for . 
  true . 
  i just thought it was refreshing to hear a politician actually get to the point and discuss something directly instead of dancing around the issue . 
  he looked comfortable , he looked confident , and he did n't look like some political drone using hand gestures , buzz words or a memorized speech . 
  i 've never seen cameron , clegg , miliband , or farage ( or brown , blair , or any us president i can recall either ) able to deliver a speech or respond to an interview in such a way that humanised them and gave me confidence in their intentions or abilities . 
  i know that is a big thing to say on the basis of a 6 minute interview on a topic he has no responsibility for ( and if i was finnish i 'd surely have some complaint about him ) but i feel it nonetheless . 
  he seems actually personable instead of trained to look like he is . 
  i like him , any chance finland can send him over to debate farage ? 
  because he seems a lot more competent at countering the tactics of farage and articulating reasons to be pro-eu than any british joke-of-a-politician that speaks in favour of the eu . 
   i have provided a livelihood for a good few hundred people , not oppressed them . 
  well that is a matter of perspective .
