  they try to appeal to the pro-eu by ensuring they want to stay in it , and appeal to the anti-eu ( to try to limit the danger of ukip to them ) by offering a referendum ( that they think will come out pro-eu , but they wo n't want to overly push this view before the end of the next general election ) . 
  `` threep '' comes from the main character ( named * guybrush threepwood * ) in the game series * monkey island * . 
  `` 03k64 '' is the model number of the spaceship in the tv show * firefly * . 
  i wo n't provide a counterargument purely because there are better subreddits suited to this discussion ( / r/debateacommunist and / r/debatecommunism if you 've never heard of them ) but regardless of your political views do you not believe as long as any communist party plays by the rules it is best to allow the democratic system to decide who gets power ? 
  banning an ideology is repressive and has little place in a system that calls itself a democracy . 
  first , that what lenin actually implemented was ( an oppressive ) state capitalism , not communism , done so because the conditions in russia meant it was not reading for communist revolution as marx saw it . 
  i suppose my point is that banning what is , in theory at least , a benign ideology is a dangerous path to take . 
  not all socialists and communists would advocate the soviet style system and there were many on the left who spoke out against it during the soviet era . 
  a ban on the glorification of acts of repression , and organisations that promote authoritarianism could equally prevent the dangers history has associated with communism without targeting an ideology which is n't * necessarily * bad . 
  marx also believed communist revolution unfeasible in a country such as last 19th / early 20th century russia and much of what lenin did in the early stages of the revolution he called ` state capitalism ' , which was criticised by much of the non-bolshevik left . 
  i think this has to be looked at in context - this concerns an * informal * donation of sperm . 
  this is n't the case of some anonymous guy jacking off into a cup to donate , then knocking on some strangers door in a year and demanding rights . 
  if you need a sperm donor the advice is to go through the formal routes . 
  there 's several similar cases to be honest that show this . 
  i see the issues with this - for sure i can see why people would prefer to receive the sperm of someone they know than a stranger ( and i honestly do n't know if there are formal routes of doing such ) but i see the dilemma of the courts in cases where the biological father is a family friend and would therefore be in contact with the child anyway . 
  i 'll repeat it - keep in mind this is an informal donation and with such there are always going to be issues ( in the same way there would be issues with child support ) . 
  there are going to be dangers when handling such a large life issue informally . 
   europe is part of our family this also says a lot however . 
  we 're an island , of course we 're going to feel a little separated from the mainland . 
  as for myself i 'll also be voting to stay in when the referendum comes because though i 'm not a huge fan of the eu i do n't think being out of it is the solution to the problems of our country . 
  all this re-negotiation bullshit will just be a way to screw with workers rights etc that the conservatives seem intent on destroying and in this regard the eu offers some stability . 
  yes i 'd very much like a referendum because i absolutely abhor the idea of a monarchy . 
  though they seem to have little power i dislike what a monarchy represents - class superiority and divine right to rule . 
  not to mention that * some * powers do remain . 
  however , i imagine my country would overwhelmingly vote to keep the status quo because most media is pretty pro-monarchy ( which i think has a huge effect on public opinion ) and there is n't really a huge call to abolish it - it seems those against it ( like myself ) do n't care enough to do anything about it . 
  i agree a british change of view would be needed to correct this but it is still a two way street . 
  if the average brit does n't feel european and mainland europe blame it on the empire it creates a vicious circle . 
  we do n't feel european , the mainland therefore does n't consider us european , and the drift continues . 
  as for how to change it ? 
  closer integration to the eu could be both a cause * or * effect of feeling european . 
  if i were in charge i 'd put more emphasis on learning french or germans in schools ( to a higher standard ) though that 's pretty long term . 
  i suppose there are many reasons the british do n't feel european and i 'd love a fellow brit to come along and give their own reasoning . 
  i c could only guess at such because i feel very close to europe , and eu or not it 's a place i 'd like to see much more of than i already have . 
  i ca n't disagree with that but i think that is largely a problem for the politicians rather than your average brit ( whose opinions seem to be heavily influenced by the media ) . 
  it 's a great shame to me because i feel very european myself , which i put partly down to having spoken to so many people from european countries in my decade of online gaming ( and then my love of european history ) . 
   but there is an unhealthy pride left from the colonial days that makes them hesitate as a brit myself i rarely come across that and i think the answer is far simpler - many british people do n't feel european . 
  it 's actually a bit of an insult if you insinuate we 'd be okay with the union if the queen was printed on your money . 
  to me it 's a two way street . 
  many british people do n't feel european and this trend is going to continue when those from mainland europe dismiss this as nostalgia for the empire . 
  we do n't learn of the empire , it 's not a factor . 
  on an attractive woman there 's very few accents i do n't like ( and those would be scouse , manc or geordie ) but if we 're getting specific i absolutely love the russian accent ( and many of the similar ones in eastern europe ) . 
   no other countries constantly threat to leave the union . 
  the three major political parties of the uk all want to remain in europe , do n't dramatise this . 
  cameron wants to repatriate some powers and whilst the uk could be more productive in its dealings with the eu i 'd hardly say we are constantly threatening to leave . 
  edit : if you want to downvote you could at least counter my point whilst you 're at it . 
  when is the uk `` constantly threatening '' to leave the union . 
  cameron has merely said it is a possibility ( that he does n't want to happen , and the idea of calling a referendum on it is democracy , not threatening to leave . 
  i 've been reading scott bakker and guy gavriel kay recently , both canadian . 
  i also read a lot of books on history and via google i 've just been made aware my recent history books have been by british authors . 
  my collection is still no doubt riddled with american authors ( i repeat , i 'm not complaining ) but i 'd say that out of all my media literature is definitely the one that has less of an american influence . 
   i think there 's a double standard when it comes to american culture . 
  we 're not actively trying to do this , we 're just a big country that makes a lot of movies , music , etc. 
  i do n't so much think that it is a double standard . 
  as you pointed out , the usa is a huge country , and as such it can take in and enjoy foreign culture without being threatened by it . 
  smaller countries can be overwhelmed . 
  when i was growing up most of what i watched was american tv ( friends , frasier , buffy the vampire slayer , firefly etc ) and childrens tv is very much the same ( rugrats , kenan and kel , spongebob , recess , saved by the bell and fairly odd parents all being american i believe ) . 
  doctor who , coupling and red dwarf are some of the only british tv i recall watching a significant amount of ( there 's no doubt a lot more but i do n't watch a huge amount of tv ) . 
  this does n't even mention the movies and games ( especially now japan seems to be losing a bit of grip on the gaming industry ) . 
  it 's no doubt the same with books as well ( though harry potter is of course english and a lot of authors i read are canadian ) . 
  for myself i 'm not complaining ( and am happy the uk and us speak the same language ) but i can see how it could overwhelm and be a cause for concern . 
  as long as you keep american politics ( and [ piers morgan ] ( https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/keep-piers-morgan-usa/cbphr9r2?utm_source=wh.gov&amp;utm_medium=shorturl&amp;utm_campaign=shorturl ) ) on your side of the ocean i 'm happy . 
  but we both speak the same language so perhaps it is a problem for mainland europe . 
  to be honest agree . 
  i think that is the large reason why retaining sovereignty is so important as well - the current government ( and population ) should never be irrevocably harnessed by a previous government - there should always be an out . 
  but we can still leave the eu . 
  and the eu / eec was always going to develop and whilst we were * in * the eu these developments were n't hidden ( from the government ) . 
  we did n't get a referendum on the lisbon treaty when we should have ( though the irish referendum perhaps shows how useless a gesture the referendum would have been anyway ) . 
  but i see these as failings of the national government . 
  if they did n't like the direction the eu was going ( or represented a population with such views ) why could we not have left years ago ? 
   that does n't address the question . 
  are you now claiming that a large majority of the british public in 1973 understood the eec would become the eu with ongoing pressure for further political and financial integration , and approved of it ? 
  if the british population did n't understand the true nature of the eec but the politicians did i 'd question exactly why the public remain so insistent on not allowing the eu / eec more power . 
  the act of hiding such information from the british public does n't exactly endear me to the idea that i should put my faith and support in british politicians . 
  i 'm from the uk by the way ( and not hugely keen on closer integration of the eu as it currently stands ) . 
  `` who cares about pig fucking , did you hear corbyn did n't sing the national anthem ? '', 
   it would show , that they did n't left us alone in this war you think that is a logical reason to lose ships ? 
  the falklanders are british and * overwhelmingly * wish to maintain the status quo . 
  what country would willingly give up territory against the wishes of the people living there ? 
  the distance between the falklands and the united kingdom is completely irrelevant . 
   is that a reason to cause conflicts i hardly think the uk can be accused of causing a conflict simply because it wishes to maintain control over its own territory . 
  or perhaps we just want to ensure we are able to protect territory such as the falklands and have little faith that the eu would be up for fighting over such territory . 
  what could the uk have done alone ? 
  besides , what has the uk actually done wrong here ? 
  it 's not as though the budapest memorandum actually gave the uk any meaningful obligations ( other than to not violate the territorial integrity ) . 
  there was no obligation of military defence or response . 
  [ edit - removed a word ], 
  i did n't intend to pass judgement on the actions of germany in my previous post , i 'll readily admit that i understand far too little of the situation to be able to attribute such judgement . 
  my comment was merely intended as a general observation about why the belief that ` those who contribute the most should benefit the most ' is not so simple . 
   if germany contributes to the ez economy it 's not a bad thing that they benefit from it as well . 
  if the benefit that germany receives hinders other countries however it undermines the eurozone ( and eu ) project as a whole and gives less incentive for other countries to be a part of it . 
  the eu ( and eurozone ) must benefit everyone that is a part of it . 
  i was really hoping it would be a flag of putin wrestling a bear . 
  the veto power of the p5 applies to security council resolutions only . 
  such veto power does not exist in the human rights council for example . 
  the linked image concerns a vote in the human rights council , not the security council . 
  the humans rights council actually has no permanent members . 
  countries are elected by the general assembly for a period of three years , and no country can sit more than two consecutive terms . 
  additionally , the veto power of the permanent members of the security council applies only to matters of the security council ( so does not apply to votes of the human rights council ) . 
  therefore , whilst the us can be seen to have voted against the resolution in the above image , the resolution still passed . 
  in the human rights council the vote of the us has no more power than the vote of macedonia or burkina faso ( though politics will certainly play a part in the votes of each country ) .
