  i 've just quickly googled what you said and the book that claimed this was written by his psychoanalyst . 
  would love to know how reliable those claims are . 
  well firstly , because of respect for the right to self determination . 
  falklanders overwhelmingly want the falklands to remain an overseas territory of the united kingdom . 
  in the 2013 referendum 99.8 % of people supported the status quo . 
  i also think there is something about the islands legitimising british claims to the antarctic . 
  another reason though is that the falklands war really made control of the islands a matter of national pride . 
  it would be completely infeasible from a political standpoint to hand over the islands to a country that invaded them and cost british lives in retaking them . 
   our countries will always have a bond that others simply cant match by adapting to its language alone . 
  the people have that bond perhaps , but our governments do not . 
  sit me in a room full of people from all over the anglosphere ( with drinks , of course ) and i 'll likely have a wonderful time , far more relaxing than if i was in a room full of people from continental europe . 
  but when it comes to governments i 'd stick my lot in with france and germany simply because the us is too big and too powerful for me to feel the uk has any relevance in an alliance . 
   is south africa considered anglosphere or just part of it ? 
  nope . 
  just the five eyes and ireland . 
  yet another mindless article that gives little importance to the right of the ex-communist states to * choose * to join nato and the eu , instead discussing as though russia had some right to keep the territory under its sphere of influence . 
  of course nato and the eu had an agenda in expanding , but pointing this out does not absolve russia of its recent actions , and neither does this give russia any moral high ground because such expansion was done with the consent of the citizens of that territory . 
  as for asking why nato exists , well the reason is fucking obvious . 
  perhaps nato and the eu could be apportioned some blame for the current tension with russia , but this tension only highlights the perceived right russia seems to think it has in having a sphere of influence over its former territory . 
  it might be the eu and nato that are expanding but it 's russia that is trying to rebuild its empire . 
  [ edit - spelling ], 
   kinda like there 's still sort of a british empire . 
  how so ? 
   now we share an aircraft carrier if thats not true love i do n't know what is . 
  when i was studying the breakup of yugoslavia i remember reading about some american higher up asking a colleague something like `` what is the number for europe ? '', 
  this epitomised us frustration at having so many different factions in europe to strategise with ( which was seen as a reason europe was unable to deal with the crisis on their own ) . 
  a united europe makes for a stronger ally than a fractured one . 
   i swear , sometimes people lose what it means to be human because of stupid nationalistic fervor . 
  your culture is fine , some migrants wo n't destroy it . 
  i 'm not actually all that against immigration , and i am certainly not nationalistic . 
  i have made so many comments in this thread not because i am against immigration , but because i do n't like how any talk regarding issues of immigration seems to end up with accusations of racism , and constant comments that not all immigrants cause problems even when such a generalisation has not been implied . 
   also , i have no problem with communities using the language they are comfortable with i do n't care if people speak their own language in their own community . 
  i care if they ca n't speak the language of the country they live in however . 
  i agree that we should not be asshole about immigration but i do not think that should preclude discussion about issues caused by it . 
  furthermore , i do not think the topic of ( problems caused by ) immigration should be silenced just because it risks causing tension . 
   when i am speaking other languages i do n't get in trouble because i am considered white and speak european languages i disagree . 
  i think if there were communities within the uk that spoke only german or polish i think they would be criticised for it . 
  just as people criticise the brits who go to spain but do n't learn the language . 
   but , you know , if we just kick them out or make them speak our language we solve the problem , right ? 
  do you not believe that immigrants should make an effort to learn the language of the country they are in ? 
  i think it is silly to refrain from speaking about societal issues caused by immigration just because people in the past have committed genocide . 
  i 'm pretty sure there have been a lot of people saying that immigrants should conform to local culture since hitler . 
  i 'm curious to know if there is a need for integration from the finns in sweden . 
  do they have significantly different cultural values ? 
  are they responsible for a disproportionate amount of crime ? 
  even if it is n't the purpose of the referendum , i have no doubt it is what the outcome of the referendum will be used for . 
  those who want to leave the eu are n't going to shut up just because of a vote to stay , and if the uk votes to leave the referendum will be an incredibly easy thing to blame for any troubles . 
  as for whether the referendum is actually about being able to blame the people ? 
  probably not , but it does seem to be about power . 
  farage has rose to prominence blaming the eu for pretty much everything . 
  cameron tried to take that power away with the promise of a referendum ( now campaigning to stay in the eu having spent years criticising it ) . 
  and boris and ian duncan smith are likely making their own political moves . 
  i have little faith that any of the politicians on either side of the campaign have the interests of the wider population at heart . 
   meet the people caught between germany and russia clicked the link expecting poland . 
   no one wants to sleep with them well there goes my holiday plans . 
  fucking hell what is wrong with my country . 
   when another country in possession of wmd will be faced with a choice - can we give them up ? 
  i do n't think another country would be willing to give up nuclear weapons regardless of what is now going on with ukraine . 
  but was it not the case that russia still had operational control of the weapons in ukraine anyway ? 
  after a quick read of the budapest memorandum i struggle to believe it was ever really taken as a serious assurance of security ( so it would be interesting to read any articles written about it prior to the crimean crisis ) . 
  i ca n't imagine it would have been taken as anything but coercion of ukraine by the relevant signatories to ensure no new nuclear powers were created . 
  where is the promise to protect ukraine in the budapest memorandum ? 
  all i see is the promise to seek unsc action should they become a victim of an act of aggression . 
  it says :  it 's just english written in cyrillic . 
  ca n't you read cyrillic . 
   well they turn from children into women at some point , do n't they ? 
  at which point cat-calling is still not really appropriate . 
   when are they going to learn that trying to supress stuff like this in the information age is ** never going to work . 
  ** i appear to be a bit more cynical than yourself . 
  my first thought upon reading this was n't that they were naive for thinking they could cover this up . 
  it just made me wonder what events they have covered up that have n't been revealed . 
  perhaps many british people would prefer the uk becoming less relevant to seeing their country federalise with other countries they feel little connection to . 
  old habits die hard in western europe . 
   * than no ? 
  you are correct . 
  i do n't really see why what i said was racist . 
  ireland suffered terribly whilst trying to escape british rule , and i 'd think the history of the uk and ireland would be a lesson for people of both countries on the value of democracy . 
  hating an entire region of england because a majority decided to vote to leave the eu is as idiotic as it would be for brits to hate the irish for gaining their independence ( even taking into account that the eu is not a country , and all the bullshit of the leave campaign ) . 
  the uk and ireland have been down that path of conflict . 
  a lot of other countries have been down that path . 
  and it does n't lead to anything good . 
   you ca n't understand why it might be natural enough for me to be dealing with feelings of hatred towards those whose actions harmed european unity ? 
  to be honest i do understand your feelings ; i have my own frustration towards those that voted to leave the eu and it will come from a similar place to your hatred . 
  but your initial posts struck me as odd simply because of your irish flair . 
  i would expect that someone from ireland ( with its fight for independence from the uk ) would have a more relaxed attitude about people democratically deciding to leave a union . 
   to say this is going to happen without emotion suggests to me that you never understood what being a european means to a lot of people . 
  i am wholeheartedly pro-european . 
  waking up to the news of the brexit vote felt incredibly isolating , and made me realise that i feel a greater sense of european identity than british identity . 
   like i mentioned in another post he was fine with west germany and italy being in the club both are comparable economies this does n't preclude the possibility of france ( at least attempting to ) politically dominate the eec . 
   schengen did n't cause the migrant crisis i did n't wish to imply that schengen created the migrant crisis , but i think that the migrant crisis certainly highlighted a problem with schengen . 
  to me the migrant crisis showed that whilst the eu was ready for no internal borders regarding movement of europeans , it was n't really ready for no internal borders when it came to those travelling from the external borders of the eu . 
  europe needed / needs a unified policy and it did n't really have one . 
  by not being part of schengen - and , admittedly , being an island nation - the uk was able to take a more sensible approach ( in my opinion ) . 
   this whole the ` euro is doomed to fail ' narrative is n't base in facts but down to those people dislike of the euro and want it to fail . 
  i 'm not going to pretend to be an expert on economics but is n't the expert view that the eurozone requires further integration ( in the form of a fiscal union ) to really ensure the euro can flourish ? 
  i am actually all for greater integration , but it strikes me as pretty idiotic to create a common currency - the success of which relies upon further integration - before this integration . 
   it 's a hateful feeling in reaction to their action to damage my european union , where i live . 
  they 've done something to deserve my hate . 
  if an englishman had said something similar about the irish upon independence would you also agree with the sentiment ? 
  i 'm wholeheartedly pro-eu and i think the leave campaign was awful .
