   keep them for decades at what point does it become permanent ? 
  if someone has had their entire childhood in this village ( and their parents had lived their for a decade prior ) the country they would be sent back to would be completely alien to them . 
  i agree with / u/bobdole3 -2 in that reality makes this entirely impractical . 
  [ edit ] one way this could be done would be for some land to be put under the sovereignty of the un itself , though many problems would still remain . 
  this idea sounds good * in theory * but surely it raises many human rights concerns ? 
   communism remained theur inspiration and ultimate goal . 
  do you really think stalin or any of the leaders of the ussr after him were trying to achieve communism ? 
  the ussr was state capitalist , or at the very most a degenerated workers state far removed from the ideals of socialism and communism . 
   you cant just declare every state that attempted to implement communism non-communist on the grounds they did n't conform exactly to the theory . 
  i think it is over-simplistic to look at all the states that attempted to implement communism ( or socialism ) in a vacuum and not consider them in light of the highly-polarised ideological differences that permeated the 20th century . 
  look at how the socialist movements in latin america were crushed for example , or how the world treated the socialist / communist / anarchist factions in the spanish civil war ( even those not aligned to the ussr ) . 
  the hostility to the radical left meant that any socialist movement was likely to be crushed ( us actions against the arbenz government in guatemala for example ) , so only those factions aligned to the ussr were likely to succeed . 
  i suppose the point i am trying to make is that my own viewpoint on this is that the failure of the ussr to implement communism ( by becoming a degenerated workers state ) ( and the hostility of the powerful countries to the left ) had a tremendous impact on the socialist movements to the extent that i 'd say it would be difficult to attribute the failure to implement communism only to the failure of the ideology itself . 
  there wo n't be another vote for a generation . 
  i suppose it depends on your own perspective as to whether you consider that a long time , but within that time frame a lot can change . 
  the uk could federalise for example . 
  to say britain is on the verge of losing scotland is just wrong . 
   britain 's even on the verge of loosing scotland ffs xd . 
  you 're a little out of date with this one . 
  as a brit i am really concerned by stuff like this . 
  it 's fucked up . 
  it 's just i 'd rather see actual and intelligent criticism of it rather than hyperbole . 
  that 's just hyperbolic . 
  the censorship laws can be criticised without having to resort to comparisons which are in reality way off . 
  censorship is bad . 
  people should be free to browse the sites they choose , and parental controls should be opt-in rather than opt-out because it should n't be the role of the government to nanny us or act as a morality police . 
  to me it just comes off as a little melodramatic when north korea or 1984 etc. 
  are mentioned , and they do n't actually contribute to the discussion . 
   the thing you guys does n't seem to understand is that it should be the other way around . 
  and yes , it does make a big difference . 
  i think most of us ( at least on reddit ) * do * understand that , it 's just that the `` it takes 5 minutes to turn off '' line is used to dismiss any concern that we have suddenly become north korea . 
  for the older generation it might be . 
  this is perhaps how it should be , though i question whether that is how it is . 
  look at spain for example . 
   the result does not mean that things are settled for good . 
  it never does . 
  people are idiots if they believe westminster will be fast to call for another vote though . 
  was it cameron or salmond who said the vote had settled the question for a generation ? 
   is there a reason why so many on this sub seem to be against scottish independence ? 
  probably because there 's a lot of english people on this subreddit who did n't want to see the uk broken up . 
  another reason may merely be how the governments of the uk and spain have treated the idea of independence for their regions . 
  i 've probably got a few posts in my comment history that indicate support for an independent catalonia but in reality it 's not so much that i support independence , it 's more that i support their right to vote . 
  no porn sites in the top 25 for the uk ? 
  just checked the actual site and we have xhamster at 36 and xvideos at 40 . 
  got to say i figured porn would be higher . 
   cheap aldi rum ( steuerrad , i guess it 's called ? ), 
  is decent enough to mix with cola . 
  i have a nasty habit of getting a little drunk and drinking rum neat . 
  i actually do n't mind captain morgan though . 
  it 's far from my favourite rum but i much preferred it to the aldi rum i downed . 
  in all honesty it was probably drinking it until i pretty much passed out that put me off rum for a year , but even that aside it was the worst rum i 've ever had . 
  hell , it barely tasted like rum . 
  perhaps its just the spirits that are n't nice . 
  or perhaps it was just that rum . 
   aldi/lidl vodka , you 're much braver than i. i agree with this sentiment . 
  aldi and lidl are great for many things but alcohol is not one of them . 
  i once made the mistake of purchasing a bottle of rum from aldi , tasted like fucking haribo and put me off rum for the year . 
   you do n't get to decide who is a viable country and who is n't . 
  the people who live there do . 
  no , that is precisely my point , as i said :  if the majority of people living in a county want independence from the uk , they should get it, 
   is luxembourg a viable country ? 
  how about iceland ? 
  yes  there are counties in the uk larger than either . 
  which is irrelevant unless these counties want independence . 
  if the majority of people living in a county want independence from the uk , they should get it . 
   we got to keep free education because we voted for it in our political parties . 
  your parliament chose otherwise . 
  scottish mp 's voted to increase tuition fees in england , which i really do n't agree with . 
  not that i blame scotland of course , i blame westminster and our ridiculous system where england does n't have its own parliament , but it was n't right . 
  anyway , i 'd personally be against scotland being able to opt out of non-discriminatory tuition fees on principle , though in all honesty if i am going to be complaining about anything tuition fee based it will be about the prices in england rather than anywhere else . 
  an independent scotland really needs to show westminster how it is done ; i 'd hope people would n't be able to be bullshitted so easily if scotland was doing it right . 
  i really do n't get your point . 
  if edinburgh wanted to declare independence from the rest of scotland and provided a viable plan ( because population size alone does not make a country viable ) that convinced the majority of people living there to go along with it ( after a referendum ) i 'd have no problem with it . 
  i doubt it , but we 'll see . 
   but it does n't matter , everyone 's entitled to their opinion . 
  and surely i am allowed to criticise it ? 
  there are many fantastic reasons to support scottish independence but some bollocks about the auld alliance is about as pathetic a reason as you can get . 
  i 'm pretty sure i wo n't give a shit . 
  and i 'm already relaxed . 
  not offensive . 
  just needless . 
  receiving end of it ? 
  look at my post history mate , i 'm all for scottish independence . 
  i stated in a post not an hour ago that if i was in scotland i 'd be inclined to vote yes . 
  this is n't about me being on the receiving end of anything ( for a start because i am not the embodiment of the uk ) . 
  i just think it is in bad taste for a foreigner to be celebrating the potential breakup of the united kingdom when it has nothing to do with them , on the basis of some historic bullshit when britain and france have been close allies for a century . 
  i 'll happily classify a lot of the posts on the british-french rivalry as banter . 
  i personally would n't classify the comments of / u/dclauzel as being banter though . 
  no idea . 
  we 'd find out . 
  if they managed to negotiate some opt-out it would be pretty fucking annoying i must admit . 
  but the only reason they get away with it now is that it is an internal issue . 
  if scotland goes independent and joins the eu then that would n't be the case . 
  well churchill would likely have been remembered for being a bit of a twat if not for his role in ww2 . 
  and seeing as the nations of europe have deigned not to go for ww3 whilst cameron is in power ... he 'll likely just be remembered for being a bit of a twat . 
  the scottish mp 's voting to raise tuition fees might be wrong but this has nothing to do with the debate over independence . 
  for a start i imagine if scotland were independent and within the eu then citizens of ruk would be able to study for free . 
  a country might just be arbitrary lines on a map , but that is something that can be used to argue both for and against independence . 
  within those arbitrary lines live millions of people who identify as scottish , and those arbitrary lines also make up a viable independent country . 
  as an englishman my only hope is that if scotland votes yes it succeeds in forming a country without having to fuck with the nhs , tuition fees , or prescription fees .
