  i 'm only venturing a guess here but the attachment in general ( not just in england ) might be to elizabeth rather than the monarchy , whom a lot of people seem to respect , and whose reign goes back to a time when the monarchy probably had more affection . 
  the australian position once espoused by [ julia gillard ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-10995425 ) backs this up a little , who effectively said australia should be a republic , but not until the queen dies . 
  i abhor the idea of the monarchy myself ( i 'm english ) , and to be honest it surprises me that it is n't a bigger issue in scotland . 
  historically countries do n't tend to get rid of their monarchy on a whim , it requires a big event ( such as a war , revolution , coup etc ) . 
  but a referendum on independence is a big event . 
   the education level of the average person that did not come form a ` proper ' background is pretty poor , and hence they tend stay poor ... pretty sad . 
  what ? 
  the uk may not be the highest ranked in the world when it comes to education but its a long way from what you seem to be implying with regards to those who do n't come from a ` proper ' background . 
  i 'm atheist ( but not a militant atheist ) and i celebrate it to the extent of having christmas dinner with my family and buying gifts for my * immediate family * . 
  to be honest i really do n't give a shit about christmas and the minimum effort i put into it i do for the sake of family . 
  i 'm single and have no kids though , so christmas is n't exactly exciting for me . 
  i have no doubt i 'll enjoy christmas again in the future . 
  i always get a card from a muslim family friend and sikh neighbours as well , which is sweet . 
  thanks for the source . 
  i 'll repeat though that the international military tribunal ( imt ) for tokyo has hardly been favourable received at least academically ) . 
  it seems to have been politically driven to an even greater extent than nuremberg , and was hardly impartial . 
  a lot of complaints could be directed towards both post-war tribunals , but it seems nuremberg has often received a lot of praise , which tokyo did not . 
   but they were n't on trial for their racial superiority . 
  just waging an offensive war and crimes against humanity . 
  but out of that came the universal declaration of human rights , the genocide convention , and talk of international criminal courts ( that i imagine the cold war put a stop to ) , not to mention additional protocols of the geneva convention . 
    [ if the nuremberg laws were applied , then every post-war american president would have been hanged . 
  whilst i do n't mean to make light of the atrocities committed by post-ww2 america though , their actions pale in comparison to what the nazi 's did . 
  i would n't mind some more information on the japanese soldiers hanged though ; was that due to the sentencing of the international military tribunal for tokyo ? 
  i only ask because the tokyo imt has hardly been remembered in a favourable light ( especially when compared to nuremberg ) . 
  i studied history until i was 18 and encountered only brief references to the british empire , which was largely ignored . 
  it 's for reasons such as this that i hate every criticism of british policy with regards to the eu being linked back to us somehow thinking the empire still exists because i honestly do n't see it in views of the british population . 
  a spectre of it could still be said to haunt the uk i suppose , but : ( 1 ) we are n't the only nation to still have a monarch , and as much as i personally abhor the idea of the monarchy , it 's not as though the rest of europe lost their own monarchs peacefully . 
  portugal had a coup . 
  russia had a revolution . 
  germany lost ww1 etc. 
  the fact is merely that history has not given us a significant enough incentive to get rid of them . 
  ( 2 ) it 's hardly unsurprising that britain wants to retain strong ties to the anglosphere , and the commonwealth and special relationship is part of that . 
  personally i 'd rather britain leans closer to europe than the us , but wanting to retain strong ties with nations that we are historically ( and culturally and linguistically ) linked to can hardly be put down to idea of the empire still existing . 
  ( 3 ) british military interference is perhaps the the thing i 'd most link back to the empire ( and again it 's not something i really care for ) but france could equally be accused of this with their military involvement in africa . 
  i 'd love british opinion on the eu to be more positive , but honestly i think pointing the finger back in history to blame the british empire for the current relationship between britain and the eu is lazy , incorrect , and completely unhelpful . 
  [ edit - grammar ], 
   the romans might have been far more cruel etc , but they have the advantage of stemming from just a less civilized age . 
  i think the same could be said about the british empire to be honest . 
  whilst you do n't have to go too far back in history to see the power of ( and atrocities committed by ) the british empire , lets face it , ww2 changed things . 
  nazi germany gave the world a view of ideas such as racial superiority taken to their extreme , and nuremberg was its judgement . 
  european : france or the netherlands non-european : canada , australia , or new zealand . 
  that 's news to me that the brits supported the republicans in the spanish civil war . 
  i have long been under the impression ( through a small amount of reading , though not extensive enough to feel knowledgeable on the subject ) that though britain was publicly neutral , those in power preferred a nationalist victory . 
  my book ( * the spanish civil war * by anthony beevor ) led me to believe that it was uk and us support for the nationalists that stopped france from providing more support to the republicans . 
  i 'd just like to point out that i 'm not saying you are wrong , this is a subject i know little about so i 'm truly after some knowledge . 
   they have overstepped massively into areas way outside human rights , once voting rules are fair game what ca n't they touch . 
  i 'm personally not so sure about this . 
  i mean , i know there are a lot more fundamental rights than the right to vote ( and many things that are n't considered rights but perhaps should be ) , but is n't voting pretty much a fundamental right of democracy that deserves to be protected ? 
   i greatly dislike the idea of mps having to chase those votes . 
  it 's a non trivial proportion in some seats . 
  fair point , but if their votes were based on the constituency they lived in ( rather than that of the prison ) would it not mitigate the issue ? 
  furthermore , i imagine it would be political suicide to start chasing the convict vote . 
   the issue is sovereignty it 's the echr rewriting the rules of our democracy i get where you are coming from with this i suppose ; it 's merely not the type of thing that concerns me , because i do n't particularly trust the motives of out government whenever they point an accusatory finger at europe ( either to the echr or eu ) . 
  the echr gives rights , and therefore obligations for those rights to be upheld . 
  i find it ridiculous that so much is made about allowing prisoners the right to vote ( which to me is pretty important to citizenship ) considering this is a democracy . 
  and with such views comes the opinion that anything the echr can do to prevent this type of shit is good in my book . 
  why exactly ? 
  i 'm honestly curious as to why you are against it , and it 's something i 've had to read up on a lot since i have an assignment on it due in january . 
  what is so terrible about giving prisoners a vote ? 
  it does nothing in terms of rehabilitation , and it is considered to be a ` punishment ' despite it being in no way linked to the actual crime committed . 
  there 's so little logical basis for not allowing them the vote , and i find it ridiculous that it has become such a contentious issue . 
  it 's as if the government is going out of its way to avoid echr obligations . 
  as a side note the only obligation is to give * some * prisoners the vote . 
  the echr has no problem with the disenfranchisement of prisoners in general , it merely found that the reasons given by the uk government for the blanket disenfranchisement were not logical . 
  would it really be so abhorrent to give people in prison the right to vote if they were due for release within the election cycle for example , or if their sentence was less than twelve months ? 
  if domestic legislation contravenes convention rights the uk courts can pass a declaration of incompatibility , but as far as i am aware nothing changes unless parliament removes the incompatibility - it seems to serve as a notice to parliament . 
  the uncodified constitution of the uk is weird . 
  in theory parliament is sovereign , but i think it would be ridiculous to believe they are n't hugely influenced by compatibility with the echr ( and also eu directives ) . 
  if this was the case i very much imagine the soviets ( and then the germans ) would 'n' t have had an army for a significant portion of ww2 . 
  similarly i imagine the russians would have pulled out of ww1 significantly earlier than they did . 
  obedience to authority is a thing . 
   if the army did n't want to fight then the officers at field hq would n't be able to do shit . 
  except shoot the soldiers ? 
  i 'm pretty sure if every soldier fighting was doing so out of choice the british empire would have had to rely on conscription ( and economic factors such as unemployment ) . 
   putting that aside if you seriously think the truce in 1914 shows how they all thought the war is pointless , i 'd love to see you explain why there were no general truces afterwards . 
  because the high command on both sides ensured it would n't happen again . 
  it is n't hypocrisy though , because this is reality , not fucking polandball . 
  / u/trucidator is n't speaking on behalf of all the expats who move to another ocuntry without learning the language , and i 'm imagine he 'd criticise them for doing such . 
  just as the british government does n't force people to relocate here , it also does n't force people to move to other countries . 
  it is n't for the british government to ensure those moving elsewhere in europe to learn the language . 
  nope . 
  if i were to be interested in a move to north america i 'd go for canada without question . 
  i do n't have any dislike for the us but to be honest i ca n't think of any stand-out reason that would draw me towards it . 
   not because the brits want to keep northern ireland the brits are n't exactly hanging on to northern ireland against their will , so i think wording it like that gives the wrong impression . 
   these days , i 'm far less certain that 's the right course , but i have trouble coming up with better alternatives . 
  it does n't have to be the right course , just a lesser evil . 
  i 've never been to a brothel so i 've not had the experience you have ( and i never wish to visit a brothel ) but that type of shit will still exist if prostitution is made illegal . 
  i think the one thing the legality of prostitution and brothels does is allow discussion . 
  perhaps i 'm wrong , but i ca n't help but think that when prostitution is made illegal , it is the illegality of it that dominates any discussion , which shrouds any constructive discussion on what could be done to improve the situation of prostitute because the illegality is treated as the solution itself . 
  the brothel you walked into could have been a bad one , or perhaps it was no different than your average brothel . 
  but i think improving the conditions of brothels and those who work in them is n't going to be done if made illegal , it will just hide the issue . 
  as i said , i 've never been to a brothel and perhaps if i did the experience would change my view in the way it changed yours . 
  however , what i do know is that despite brothels being illegal where i am ( and despite me having no interest in them ) , i know where two are just because taxi drivers are n't fucking shy about it . 
  and it would n't take long to find more . 
  with such apparent ease of access , i just do n't see making it illegal as a viable answer . 
  can we do the same for those who consume alcohol or a certain amount of red meat as well ? 
  perhaps those who choose to put themselves in danger of injury by playing sports should also be charged extra , or those with a bmi over levels accepted by national guidelines ? 
  or perhaps it would be smarter to just accept that some people are always going to be a detriment to the system , focus on education to keep that number to a minimum , and not fuck with the rights to social healthcare because once you start making exceptions you 're opening a door that may be hard to shut again . 
  it 's the same in birmingham . 
  i could get a pretzel pretty easily , but it would be at a kiosk in the city centre .
