  the union works for as long as the majority of the scottish people vote to remain in the union . 
  this point holds in relation to the relationship of scotland with the rest of the uk . 
  it holds in relation to the relationship of the uk ( or the netherlands , france , malta etc ) to the eu . 
  if you believe the interests of scotland are best served apart from the uk , that is a perfectly valid position , but being a minority in a democracy does not automatically mean you are oppressed ( as long as the majority of that minority are happy with the * democratic * status quo . 
  so i have n't proven any point at all . 
  again , i have no problem with pro-independence . 
  it 's just really fucking insulting to frame scotland as a colony just because you personally believe the interests of scotland would best be served as an independent country . 
   so having a lesser voice is ok is it ? 
  yes !, 
  for scotland to have an equal voice to england would be completely undemocratic because it would mean a population of 5 million would have a voice equal to that of a population of 50 million . 
  each person in the united kingdom gets a voice with one vote , because it is the people who make up the union , not just the countries . 
  it would similarly be undemocratic for all countries to have an equal number of seats in the european parliament ( regardless of population size ) . 
  and this is * completely * democratic as long as the majority of scottish people want to remain part of the union . 
   they are worrying about their fucking job seekers , or their prescriptions who would have fucking thought people would be worrying about * actual fucking issues that might affect them * in deciding which way to vote . 
  scottish independence is a risk , and i do n't say that on the basis of some idiotic belief that scotland could n't make it as an independent country , i merely say it on the basis that * any * significant political change carries a risk . 
  it is therefore hardly idiotic to have such thoughts on ones mind when determining which way to vote . 
  no one could give less of a fuck about the union ** if ** it turned out there would be more money in their pocket . 
   and a lot of people agree with me . 
  and a significant amount of the population does n't . 
  which is democracy , not colonialism . 
  i do n't really care which way scotland votes ( because it 's not my decision ) , but i can imagine if i * was * scottish i 'd probably be tempted to vote yes ( on the basis of my own political mindset ) . 
  but to call scotland a colony is just a fucking insult . 
   a country or area under the full or partial political control of another country you realise that could apply to any fucking geographic area in the world right ? 
  scotland just has a small population and therefore has a lesser voice within the uk because of it . 
   occupied by settlers from that country . 
  does scotland seem to have a big problem with english immigrants ? 
  not even fucking close to a colony . 
   i 've always wondered why people take their independence for granted , but then treat scotland with such disdain when we want to be like everyone else . 
  scotland is n't being treated with disdain ; most people are in agreement that independence is the democratic choice of scotland . 
  you say * `` we want to be like everyone else '' * but who is this ` we ' ? 
  because at the moment the majority of scots do n't seem to want independence ( even if it is marginal ) . 
  you on the other hand are probably being treated with disdain , because you seem to ignore that the union still has a lot of support in scotland , and are ranting on as though the scottish are an oppressed people . 
  oh fucking hell , if the majority of the scots want independence then fair enough , but calling scotland a colony is fucking moronic . 
  it 's a union that still seems quite popular with a fair amount of scots . 
  i 'm not generally fond of the monarchy ( so i might be bias , but as the same time i really do n't care a huge amount either way ) , but i can . 
  the queen is much loved , but charles less so . 
  even if charles were n't to take the throne i ca n't see australia keeping the monarchy long after elizabeth ii is dead , and that could spark the debate in other countries . 
  * if * that were to happen i do n't think it is outside the realm of possibility that the debate could spread to the uk . 
  i might be off the mark a little but i think a lot of the respect ( or admiration ) for the queen comes from the long reign , back to a time when the world was quite different . 
  i must emphasise i do n't the monarchy will be dropped any time soon ( i 'd guess the position of the monarchy would easily survive countries such as australia going republic ) , i just think republicanism will become a bit more common over time . 
  having said all that i think one of the biggest reasons the monarchy is probably here to stay is that even those , such as myself , who are n't fond of the monarchy , really are n't fussed either way . 
  the uk seems largely divided between those who like the monarchy and those who do n't care , rather than monarchists and republicans . 
   and uk does n't want to be part of that but with the different era would churchill still see the path of the uk separate from that of europe ? 
  i only ponder such precisely * because * what churchill said is irrelevant ( but it still seems to come up every now and again when eu integration is discussed ) . 
  as for the uk not wanting to be part of a deeper union , i may just be a cynic but those views can be changed and manipulated . 
  the eu has been used as a scapegoat for too long , and politicians are now paying the price for that . 
  if we were to see an overhaul of our political system that led to us becoming a federation i 'd see it as the perfect time to get rid of the monarchy ( and as a side note i have long found it surprising that there is n't greater talk of the uk becoming a federation ) . 
  i do n't mean for england to have its own parliament , but for it to be broken down into smaller federal states . 
   well i for one am sick of the way our nationality is slowly fading into obscurity scots seem to have a pretty strong national identity . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with it ` slowly fading into obscurity ' . 
  anyway , i see no problem with what obama said . 
  scottish independence is n't a concern for the us , but nothing he said was controversial . 
  i was fucking amazed when it was a headline on bbc news at 10:00 last night , i mean in the same fucking sentence obama said it was a question for the scottish . 
  i think a federal uk would be a good idea . 
  as it stands at the moment scottish mp 's can vote in westminster on matters than only concern england . 
   you never shared the meaning of the real project even as the great winston churchill speaking in your name in zurich in 1946 , knew to foresee and describe with these incredible sentences `` to prevent the return of such evils , you all europeans must build something like the united states of europe ... 
  i know it is totally irrelevant , but i wonder what churchill would make of the place of the uk in europe now . 
  it is n't 1946 anymore ; the world has changed . 
  of course they can . 
  as long as the government has men with more powerful guns and better training ( and coordination ) . 
  i can see that happening in a small amount of nations maybe . 
  but germany is not realistically going to play second fiddle to russia . 
  neither is poland , france , or the uk . 
  the entire plan is an absolute fantasy : ( a ) invade ukraine ( b ) due to a financial crisis * somehow * many of the major countries of the world switch ties from america to russia , despite the strength and size of the american economy , and huge economic , social and cultural differences . 
  ( c ) ukraine then * somehow * becomes pro-russian again . 
  ( d ) the rest of europe * for no reason at all * de-americanizes , and creates a european armed force , despite the fact that the us has a * far * stronger military ; despite the fact that recent russian actions have have actually led to increased talk of nato ; despite the fact that the current countries of the eu are * nowhere near * the point of anything resembling a unified military . 
  ( e ) and all this for some reason makes the members of the eu want a continental association with the eurasian union . 
  never going to happen . 
  ties to the us are too strong , mistrust of russia is too strong ( and growing ) , and they are not in the economic position to pull this off . 
  want to hear my plan about a british invasion of ireland that leads to the uk leading a federal anglosphere ? 
  france has a larger economy than russia . 
  it would hardly lead to a russian dominated europe . 
  i do n't like having a monarchy , but please no . 
  elizabeth is better than charles . 
   down to 46 hours i thought eu was maximum 48 hours anyway ( except for the uk which negotiated a fucking opt out ) ? 
  the treaty of lisbon did n't do a huge amount to develop any idea of mutual defence within the eu . 
  article 42 ( 2 ) teu states :  the common security and defence policy shall include the progressive framing of a common union defence policy . 
  this will lead to a common defence , when the european council , acting unanimously , so decides my own understanding is that the lisbon treaty paves the way for greater cooperation should member states desire , but it did n't do a huge amount to actually further cooperation itself . 
  a few more passages from art 42 :  the policy of the union in accordance with this section shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states ...  commitments and cooperation in this area shall be consistent with commitments under the north atlantic treaty organisation , which , for those states which are members of it , remains the foundation of their collective defence and the forum for its implementation . 
  article 42 ( 7 ) ( which was mentioned in what you linked ) is n't hugely threatening in reality :  if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
  and , just for reference here is article 51 of the un charter :  nothing in the present charter shall impair the inherent right of individual or collective self-defence if an armed attack occurs against a member of the united nations , until the security council has taken measures necessary to maintain international peace and security . 
  measures taken by members in the exercise of this right of self-defence shall be immediately reported to the security council and shall not in any way affect the authority and responsibility of the security council under the present charter to take at any time such action as it deems necessary in order to maintain or restore international peace and security . 
  well , the uk seems to have decent relations with a lot of the countries it once subjugated ( with many of the nations being part of the commonwealth for example ) . 
  i think this is something i 'll have a read into . 
  thanks for the information on how american treatment of the natives , and manifest destiny is perceived in the us . 
  for a long time i have thought that perhaps the british empire ( and other european empires ) would be remembered more negatively had the crimes of the nazis not been so bad . 
  having said that i have no idea how the old empires of europe are internationally perceived . 
  i 'm curious as to how americans look at manifest destiny and the treatment of native americans . 
  it occurs to me i responded with how i perceive the british to view the british empire but it would perhaps have been smarter to ask that first . 
  i think wwii beat most of the nationalism out of a lot of european nations . 
  even from just my experience on reddit i ca n't help but feel that nationality plays a larger part in the identity of americans than the british ( though this could just be a generalization ) . 
  we still have it of course . 
  it 's evident in scotland for example , and can also be seen with the rise of ukip in the rest of the uk ( and also comes out in sport ) but i think even when national pride does come up , the british empire does not come up with it . 
  i suppose you can say it is n't really part of our identity ( no doubt on the basis that it is n't taught ) . 
  it 's worth mentioning that when it * did * come up in education , it was n't hugely positive either . 
  i remember the boer wars briefly coming up as part of an unrelated topic and , well , that piere of history does n't exactly help to extol any pride in the actions of the empire . 
  i 'd like the eu to stop expanding for now to be honest . 
  the growing euroskepticism is n't going to he helped by further expansion , so i 'd prefer it if the eu turned internal for a while . 
  i do n't think many british people have a view of the british empire at all because it is n't something we are taught .
