  considering a majority of those in northern ireland wish to remain part of the uk , has the right to vote , and the uk ( and republic of ireland ) are obliged to accept the wishes of the population should a majority prefer a united ireland , i fail to see how northern ireland is a colony . 
  its existence may be a result of imperialism , but it is now a democratic part of the uk . 
  and of course i fucking know the uk invaded ireland in the past , that was the point of the comment . 
  i think my point still stands to be honest . 
  with brexit for example there might have been a fair few who did n't want to admit their true voting intentions ( and i do believe a fair amount of issues in society are silenced because of stigma ) but the information was all there . 
  if we end out of the single market , an nhs still in crisis , and immigration not being reduced by any significant amount its not that the leave voters were n't warned , it will be because they just chose not to listen . 
  so as i said , if someone says something stupid , people are going to call them an idiot . 
  because britain sure as shit should n't need to be debating right now the colour of our passports , whether we should reintroduce the death penalty , or whether we should be able to beat children in schools . 
   ` leavetard ' ... belittling the right wing was a major reason brexit and trump won if the right wingers are so fucking idiotic that they 'll vote for stupid shit like brexit and trump because of an insult they deserve to be fucking insulted . 
  you do a stupid thing do n't be surprised when someone calls you an idiot . 
  let 's not jump to any conclusions until we 're polled on whether we should invade ireland . 
  considering the statistics though i 'd be worried to see the answer . 
  fucking depressing stats , and really encapsulates many reasons why i do n't have an ounce of patriotism in me . 
  you could halve all these stats and i 'd still have my head in my fucking hands . 
  the uk ; where its citizens have no problem with corporal punishment being banned in porn , but where 42 % of the population are still for using it on children . 
  probably the exact same . 
  union jack is incredibly well known , might be seen as silly to change it . 
  i take your point but at the same time i can understand why there is so much apathy when it comes to voting ( especially for the younger generation ) . 
  they are outnumbered by the older people that are pandered to , the fptp system is a fucking joke , and the one time people actually voted for a party that looked to have their interests at heart tuition fees ended up tripling . 
  if you 're not going to vote get out and bloody protest though about issues like the nhs . 
  i wonder how much the public even cares to be honest . 
  the main parties are n't really punished for intervening in the middle east , are n't punished for selling weapons to saudi arabia or supporting their war in yemen . 
  the public sit by as the nhs gets launched into crisis and happily support benefit cuts that have left people homeless , suicidal , or relying on food banks ( due to the poor being blamed for a recession caused by the banks ) . 
  personally i feel even if the media did pick this up the public are n't going to care all that much . 
  answering a direct question for a poll is now considered boasting ? 
  i 'll happily admit that the percentage of people responding they are proud of the empire is a rather depressing but responding to a direct question is not boasting . 
  or perhaps it is easier to consider the historical context when it is further back in time . 
  the majority of colonial atrocities committed by britain were committed before universal suffrage , and long before the birth of the majority of people alive in britain . 
  certainly this is the case for things like slavery . 
   no , british like to boast about their vast colonial empire . 
  when is it boasted about exactly ? 
  * at the very most * all i see are people saying they are proud of the empire if a poll directly asks them ( not a position i wish to defend , but neither would i call it boasting ) , or people arguing that the empire was a product of its time and not something modern britain should be apologising for ( which again i 'm sure you could argue against , but it is still not boasting ) . 
  so where are the british boasting again ? 
  it 's not as though we have a national day commemorating colonial conquests or killings . 
  doesnt stop it being discrimination . 
  not to mention that shared culture is one of the arguments for free movement within tbe eu so it is not exactly a foreign idea to have an immigration policy on cultural similarity . 
  banning inmigration from iran for example is just taking it a step further . 
  nearly all laws on immigration are discriminatory , both direct and indirect . 
  favouring europeans over non europeans for example is direct discrimination . 
  favouring those who earn over a certain amount indirectly discriminates against people from poorer countries with bad education . 
  immigration is allowed to be discriminatory , a country has no obligation to let others into the country , which is a privilege not a right ( aside from refugees ) . 
  does banning immigration of muslims go against freedom of religion ? 
  it is n't limiting the freedom of people of people to practice their religion . 
  seeing as europe has no obligation to open its borders at the very least this would only present a problem for refugees not migrants imo . 
  if limiting immigration by region ( or religion ) is discrimination would n't most immigration laws be discriminatory ( direct or indirect ) ? 
  i think immigration is allowed to be discriminatory ; countries must be free to police their borders and have no obligation to let anyone in . 
  no , i think they join the police because it is a job , and they are likely subject to the same political pressures as the cps . 
   in general we expect the state to leave us alone unless we ask for help except for the surveillance of course , and the endless attempts to censor the internet etc. 
   i 've certainly heard otherwise from some of your countrymen . 
  and many brits will have heard similar from ( other ) europeans . 
  but lets not tar everyone with the same brush just because there are xenophobes in the world . 
   you 're blaming the eu for problems you create yourselves . 
  i completely agree with you ( and am pro-eu ) . 
  but in the uk the voters have had the choice between a pro-immigration labour , and a tory party that shifts the blame for the burdens of immigration onto the eu ( whilst still wanting the benefits of it ) , and is n't exactly strong on issues such as workers rights . 
  in the uk we need more houses , we need more schools . 
  we need higher social mobility and a lower rent costs etc. 
  but voters are n't really given this option . 
   we handed over half the continent to them not sure the uk could really have done much to stop this by the end of the war . 
   the special relationship is a semi mythical thing that comforts us about our place in the world . 
  who exactly does it comfort though , the politicians or the people ? 
  many brits undoubtedly feel a cultural connection to the us but i do n't know anyone who cares about the special relationship . 
  i do n't exactly see protests in the street if we different a bit from the us on foreign policy . 
  no i do n't to be honest . 
  in the same way the entirety of the uk for example should n't get a vote if northern ireland wanted to join ireland . 
   if the majority of the british public did support the government monitoring them , would that really be stupid or bad ? 
  imo yes is really is stupid ( and bad ) . 
  support of the government so extensively monitoring its own people leaves me rather worried about what people believe the purpose of government is , and what they believe we should be protected from . 
  i do n't wish to dispute your point ; this post is the first i have heard of the soviet union killing poles in 1939 . 
  but if you are going to argue about genocide i 'd say it 's probably preferable to quote a legal definition of it rather than a definition given by an online dictionary . 
  for example , the icc definition . 
  ** in the present convention , genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : ( a ) killing members of the group ; ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . 
  ** killing a large group of people is not genocide , it requires that intent to destroy ( in whole or in part ) , which is why there is such debate about whether different massacres of the past constitute genocide . 
  again though i 'll point out that i am not disputing whether these killings in 1937 constitutes genocide . 
   you ca n't drag boats from international waters into libyan waters without the consent of the libyan government . 
  stopping boats from independent organisation from rescuing migrants ** is also difficult . 
  ** politically , maybe . 
  i used to work in an area with a high level of immigration in the uk and met ( and helped ) so many people who were born in africa but had citizenship of a european country . 
  it made me very interested in whether there were any stats on what percentage of eu immigrants were not born in an eu country this but i never managed to find any figures . 
  i 'm pro-remain and not against eu freedom of movement ( i was aware i was working in a pretty deprived place with high levels of immigration ) but i 've got to be honest and say i can see why people would be concerned if another european country opens the door to so many immigrants . 
   mean i get scotland and northern ireland if you want to be passive aggressive about it but wales voted leave too . 
  if he wants to be passive aggressive he could just post the image and not include the phrase ` all members ' . 
  if s/he is going to be salty they can at least be accurate . 
  i 'd rather feel sorry for those in this country who rely on food banks because of the terrible policies enacted by her government . 
  vile woman with vile policies and no ` sheltered life ' can excuse that . 
   just put her down before she embarrasses herself further . 
  that we can agree on . 
  or perhaps the death of children this week takes precedence over historic suffering that seems to come up in every damn thread about the uk ( in / r/europe ) . 
  i mean , we 're in a thread about an image of flowers left outside the british consulate in st petersburg , following a terrorist attack that killed children . 
  and yet here you are salting it up . 
  fair enough , but it would still be suicide . 
  they 'd be able to do a fraction of the damage that might be wrought on eastern europe . 
   why on earth would a modern military force be unable to land in america ? 
  because the us military is ridiculously powerful . 
  i 'm all for the occasional joke that the us got defeated by a group of vietnamese rice farmers , but an invasion on us soil with the size of its airforce and navy would be suicide . 
   the east would be smarter to not only surrender , but become proper `` comrades '' this time . 
  be on the winning side for once , beats being the punching bag . 
  considering the economy of western europe , the military of the uk and france , and that willingness to go to war would * undoubtedly * increase the closer russia got to germany i ca n't see eastern europe being on the winning side here . 
   you lose the option to say no . 
  countries do . 
  does n't mean everyone in the country has to agree with it .
