  not the sort of thing i could just pop up my nearest shops for . 
  perhaps . 
  we share a common language and common law legal system but [ the american-western european values gap ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/11/17/the-american-western-european-values-gap/ ) for example would indicate that british values align more with ( western ) europe than the us . 
  in addition to this other surveys indicate that brits seem to hold a [ more positive view on much of europe than they do the us ] ( http://www.globescan.com/images/images/pressreleases/bbc2013_country_ratings/2013_country_rating_poll_bbc_globescan.pdf ) , though admittedly this sentiment is only towards the individual countries , not the eu itself . 
  it 's a great shame that british opinion is n't too positive about the eu ( which i 'll blame the media for to be honest , and politicians who use it as an easy scapegoat ) but the two links i provided certainly suggest that this commonly held view that the uk is much closer to america is a fallacy ( at least to an extent ) . 
  i grew up with a love of football but got tired of it in my early teenage years . 
  a decade later i still talk about it to my father , and brother-in-law because it makes for decent conversation . 
  i 'm sure they 've had to listen to me babble on about shit they 're not interested in as well . 
  also , obligatory : * `` see that ludicrous display last night ? 
  i 'm really more of a port guy myself , though when my city has a german market on i must admit i 'm pretty fast to try some of your beer . 
  if you do n't like tea , you clearly have n't tried enough of it . 
  i have about 8 different types of tea in my cupboard and if i had the choice i 'd have a dozen more . 
  had to throw away some greek tea the other day though ... it tasted worse than most british food . 
  i do n't have a huge amount of trust in the politicians that run this country , so the sovereignty of parliament for the sake of sovereignty is n't an issue that overly concerns me . 
  with that in mind i 'd need to be convinced that parliamentary sovereignty was in the best interests for the uk and myself and the political parties ( and press ) banging on about the eu ( and the echr ) have failed to do that . 
  i 'm a big fan of the eu and all for closer integration because the eu having greater powers is not something i see the harm in . 
  i remain unconvinced that any powers cameron could wish to repatriate would be used in my best interests . 
  i imagine they 'd be used to gut workers rights for example or , ( with regards to backing out of the echr - which i realise is not part of the eu ) allow the deportation of people to countries where they may be tortured . 
  in short i 'd have to have a lot more faith in my government to be concerned about powers being taken away from them by the eu . 
  some might be interested to know that the leader of syria ( assad ) is amongst those who studied in the uk ( training to be a doctor i think ) . 
   are you seriously suggesting that you fear an ultra-conservative government being elected and choosing to gas porn users ? 
  this information wo n't be deleted . 
  chances are the conservative government will do nothing malicious with this data ( until some prat accidentally leaves a laptop on a train with a list of all those who have opted in to watch porn ) but what happens in the future ? 
  too often fascism is mentioned in these threads and it comes off as over-dramatic and reads like sensationalist tabloid crap . 
  but the reality is we do n't know what the future will bring . 
  privacy of data is n't just about what our current government will do , but how this data could be used in 20 or 30 years . 
  you do n't believe a future government could use a list like this to filter people out of certain jobs ? 
  you do n't believe that a list like this could be used to slander someone if the list was ever leaked ? 
  you do n't believe that when a strong foothold has been gained in regards to control of the internet that further steps will be taken ? 
  fascism does n't have to be round the corner for people to not want to have to opt in to browse the internet how they please . 
  unless you are browsing something illegal i really do n't see why the government has to interfere . 
  it is n't their duty , and neither should it be their right . 
   but for a few weeks we got to have everyone look at us i 've got to be honest with you , this type of thinking is completely alien to me . 
  when i watch a sporting event that is all i 'm watching - the sport . 
  other than rioting or an empty stadium ( empty stadiums bother me ) i do n't really focus on anything else and i truly see nothing else that could be focused on . 
  in what way was the world looking at us ? 
  certainly i would n't judge a country by how it holds a sporting event . 
  politics , foreign policy , and culture come to mind here . 
  i have to say i share the view of / u/ronaldmcdonalddraper . 
  all i see is the press focusing on it and reinforcing this view that the olympics was some major event but i do n't see it and neither do i understand it . 
  perhaps i 'm just a cynic . 
  i do n't see the olympics as a glorious celebration of diversity or all other bullshit they can spew out . 
  it was an attempt to make a small amount of people a lot of money . 
  fair point . 
  would n't have a clue about the capital of ecuador ( i 'm bad at capital cities in general ) but i 'm pretty good when it comes to country locations . 
  the us is one country with a largely very shared history and foreign affairs . 
  the same ca n't be said for europe . 
  i understand that many europeans do n't have a fantastic geographic knowledge of america but imo at least it is different . 
  how many people can name the federal states of germany or russia ? 
  i disagree with it on a purely ideological basis . 
  the idea of it is abhorrent as far as i 'm concerned and i could n't care less for their marriages , births of charity work . 
  i 'd love for a republican movement . 
  ... what the fuck ? 
  i 'd love to hear some responses to this to find out where this is actually a belief . 
  seriously , what the fuck . 
  bloody canadians at it again . 
  do n't let him fool you . 
  i always knew i had a connection with the germans . 
  now i know . 
   it leads to a negative image of germans and germany in britain i come across very little resentment for germany in the uk to be honest . 
  a couple of old people grumbling about the war possibly , and a fair amount not too keen on the eu but nothing really directed towards the german people . 
  [ this bbc study ] ( http://www.globescan.com/images/images/pressreleases/bbc2013_country_ratings/2013_country_rating_poll_bbc_globescan.pdf ) indicates a lot of love for germany in the uk ( 78 positive , 12 negative ) , whereas the german view of the uk is n't anywhere near as positive . 
  i think a lot of negativity comes from ignorance really , where each nation does n't think the other is too fond of them , which creates a bad vibe and a bit of a vicious circle . 
  i think the same about uk - france views as well , though i imagine this is an oversimplification . 
  this is only partially relevant but a couple of years ago i used to chat to a dutch guy on * world of warcraft * ( we still chat occasionally ) and he got all excited over voice chat at this opportunity he had to meet the queen at the time ( it was through some event he was catering for i think ) . 
  to which he is met on voice chat by half a dozen brits saying * '' ... and ? '' * . 
  he seemed fucking heartbroken that nobody else [ on voice chat ] gave a shit about their monarchy . 
   the final hurdle is the fact that the last step in the uk legislative process is the signing into law by the monarch , which would mean the monarch him/herself would have to kill the monarchy . 
  if the republican movement reached that final hurdle the monarchy would be done for . 
  refusing to sign it into law would just ensure a humiliating end to the monarchy . 
  i expected more people to vote * i do n't know and/or care * myself . 
  i 'm all for scottish independence , as long as they want it . 
  this is pretty much what i expected most people to think . 
  i can only speak from my own perspective ( i studied history until i was 18 ) but early on ( up to age 12 perhaps ) i learned about the various monarchs etc. 
  though at that age the history is hardly in depth . 
  get to the age where they teach you anything in actual detail and i have to say i learned remarkably little about the history of my own country considering the history that britain has . 
  largely i learned of european history , though britain was part of that . 
  ww1 and the build up to it * were * looked at from a british perspective for example . 
  ww2 and the build up to that were really taught from a german perspective though ( with a bit of an american perspective when it came to the 20 's with prohibition and the great depression ) . 
  i also learned of the unification of germany and the bolshevik revolution ( and a fair amount about stalin ) . 
  exclusively focused on britain were modules on the rise of the welfare state ( which was remarkably dull , even with my love of history and politics ) , and robert peel ( a 19th century prime minister ) . 
  i did n't learn of the english civil war , and i left school with very little knowledge of colonialism and the british empire . 
  i of course knew * about * them since they were mentioned so often ( and that it is general knowledge of course ) but most of what i learned about the british empire was really peripheral in relation to other subjects i was taught . 
  nearly all my knowledge of it comes from reading up in my own time . 
  i * did * learn the us put the british in debt during ww2 . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/how-religious-are-irish-people-550060-aug2012/ ) is one source indicating that ireland is becoming less religious, 
  do n't really see it as awkward myself , just a man speaking a language that he is n't used to , so of course he will look a little uncomfortable . 
  he may have a heavy accent ( which most eastern europeans that i 've heard speak english do ) and look like he is concentrating but he shows a decent level of english and i certainly could n't mock the man for it . 
  i 'm all up for hearing cameron attempt to speak russian though , that may give me a laugh . 
  i 've never come across true prejudice against france in the uk . 
  i 've come across brits taking the piss , but let 's not pretend that does n't happen elsewhere . 
  thanks for the reply anyway mate , it 's at least nice to know the position even if it 's uncertain . 
  it 's something i very much doubt would cause any trouble ( it 's only a handful of cigars ) but since i 'm not the one sending them it 's really not up to me . 
  no big deal though , enough cigars are sold locally . 
  thanks again for the reply . 
  if my only choice is between europe and the usa i 'll choose europe without a moment of hesitation thanks . 
  i imagine much of the uk thinks the same way . 
  cameron wants to renegotiate our relationship with the eu and the offer of a referendum is a show that he means business for when he makes his play . 
  let 's not forget that the tories want to stay in the eu so i very much doubt they 'd give a referendum if they did n't think their viewpoint would come out on top ( after a bit of campaigning of course ) . 
  in the meantime however ( with the referendum so conveniently set to take place after the next general election ) they get to use the eu as a scapegoat a while longer whilst also trying to get votes from both the pro and anti eu .
