  just to expand on what you said for those unaware , the netherlands and belgium were not members of the human rights council at the time because membership is not permanent . 
  the council is made up of 47 member states that are elected via the general assembly ( for a period of three years , with no country being able to serve more than two consecutive terms ) . 
  these seats are split between five regional groups ; africa for example has 13 seats at the council , whereas the ` western europe and other states ' ( which includes australia , turkey , canada , new zealand , and the us ) has 7 seats . 
  furthermore , whilst the us can be seen to have voted ` no ' in the image linked by / u/nyxisto , this does not count as a veto . 
  the veto power of the permanent members of the security council applies to matters of the security council , not resolutions of the human rights council . 
  the resolution voted upon in the linked image can be viewed [ here ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/en/hrbodies/hrc/specialsessions/session21/pages/21stspecialsession.aspx ) . 
   you guys pretty much own corfu already . 
  how much more do you want ? 
  well , thassos is pretty nice this time of year . 
   also , if you have 100.000 natives , some of them will also commit crimes , etc when natives commit crimes we do not victim blame though . 
  and on the rare occasions when victims * are * blamed ( such as when some idiot judge or lawyer starts talking about the revealing clothing of a rape victim ) a rather big deal tends to be made out of it . 
  all i am saying is that i do not agree with having a situation whereby natives have to be warned to change their own actions to pander to the cultural differences of refugees ( or immigrants in general ) . 
  it shows a lack of respect for european societal values and is the sort of thing that will inevitable lead to tension . 
  i 'm all for helping out refugees . 
  but if a country is unable to care for refugees without having to warn the locals to adapt to the culture of these refugees , then perhaps that country is not truly able to take in so many refugees . 
  or at the very least a different approach should be taken to ensure as few cultural clashes as possible . 
  as for the refugees ( in the article ) not having done anything , i took the following quote to imply that there had been at least minor issues . 
   * `` these boys , who come from a culture where for women it is frowned upon to show naked skin , follow girls and bother them without realizing . 
  obviously , this is a matter of concern for us . 
  let them come !, 
  but if they ca n't adapt to the culture and society of the country they are taking refuge in show them the way back . 
  i would never expect refugees to have to change their religion or much of their culture but when letters have to be sent out telling german people to adapt , there 's a fucking failing and it is n't a failure of the german people . 
  not infringing upon upon the societal values of german citizens is n't exactly a high standard to expect . 
  great britain as an island is quite northern , but europe in general is quite northern . 
  much of germany seems to share the same latitude as large parts of england . 
  i think parts of the czech republic are around the same latitude as the very south of england as well . 
  i should clarify and say that i do n't think that the uk is northern european only because scotland is part of the union , but i think the scottish territory helps considering how far north the other northern european countries are . 
  i think of the uk as being western european rather than northern , but i would n't argue with anyone classing it as northern european because i think there is a case for it ( geographically ) , especially as long as scotland is part of the union . 
  would n't say we are central though , seeing as ireland is the only country west of us ( other than iceland which is undoubtedly northern , and spain and portugal which are classed as southern european ) . 
  i 've never seen france and germany being described as northern european ( which is incredibly weird considering the benelux countries are not included ) but i 've seen the uk being considered as northern european before . 
   as an english person i had the option to learn french and german in secondary school and not a single f ** k was given . 
  i did german and the class completely took it as a joke . 
  my own experience of being taught french and german is not that the class took it as a job , but that the syllabus itself was a joke . 
  i ` studied ' german for one year and french for five years but at no point did it actually feel like i was being taught the language . 
  it felt like i was being taught to pass an exam . 
  i do n't agree with you saying that the english are lazy for expecting everyone else to speak our language though . 
  there are certainly people like that ; i had a family friend that moved to spain for a number of years ( before moving back for family reasons ) but he made absolutely no attempt to learn spanish , which was really ignorant . 
  but on the whole i do n't think this lack of multilingualism comes from a place of laziness , i think it comes from poor education . 
  sure , we could all as adults make an effort to learn a second language ( and like yourself it is something i am making an attempt at ) . 
  but i do n't think it can be doubted that it would be far better for us to start learning it ( to a high standard ) early on . 
  that will do !, 
  it 's nice to know that the british and french can unite together to come up with a way to blame germany for another war . 
  if wwiii breaks out over french and belgian commemorative coins there is a big dilemma ; i see no possible way to pin the blame this one on germany . 
   any alteration to the welfare system can and will be portrayed as an attack on the poor this did n't seem to have harmed the tories in the last parliament . 
  interesting reading , thanks for the links . 
  i ca n't help but think that the government response to a battle of athens-type rebellion would be pretty fucking brutal if it were to occur in the modern day , though it is certainly an interesting example of the impact of the second amendment . 
  i 'd also be interested to know if the second one you linked would have had a different impact if one of the policemen ended up dead , but that might just come from my own cynicism and views on armed police . 
  to me , a story like that makes me glad that police ( and the general population ) in the uk are n't armed because it shows how easily mistakes can be made , and how threatening or dangerous situations can become even more dangerous . 
  thanks again though for the links , i appreciate it . 
  even if there is nothing i can think of that would change my own views ( on the place of guns in society ) it is still interesting to read about events that show a bit of a different perspective . 
   hoerenloper alongside swaffelen , this is now my favourite dutch word . 
  i feel unsafe if i see armed police . 
  i live in an area where police are n't armed , but there was a big trial a few years back that was deemed to require the presence of armed police . 
  did not feel comfortable at all . 
   several jurisdictions have outright passed laws codifying when their citizens can use lethal force against police , if the cops are breaching the law can you link me any articles about where such laws have been successfully used ? 
  it sounds like it could be interesting to read about . 
   the supporters of independence could easily paint a picture about how wonderful an independent scotland would be ... how much does this apply to the eu referendum though ? 
  will those campaigning to leave the eu really be able to draw up a vision as exciting as the prospect of becoming an independent country ? 
  personally i think parallels can be drawn between the argument for eu exit and the argument * against * scottish independence . 
  both seem to be based on fear . 
  i agree with you that russia currently has no place in the eu , and that - with how russia currently is - this is unlikely to change for some time . 
  however , i think it is pointless to say that it would be ` realistically impossible ' for them ever to join the eu , or that a visa free zone could only happen at the turn of the century . 
  85 years is a * long * time . 
  consider what europe ( and the world ) was like 75 years ago . 
  hell , consider what europe was like only 25 years ago . 
  i would n't want russia anywhere near the eu if it continues in its current state but in reality things could turn round relatively fast if the will was there . 
  one problem with this is that the height of the british empire occurred after american independence . 
  if britain retained control of the thirteen colonies would they still have went on to colonise every other place they managed to ? 
  i 've got to ask it ... what did you want to do ? 
   but there 's a country-by-country breakdown on p209 , and ... fuck . 
  that 's just fucking embarrassing . 
  well , that is up to the neighbour . 
  i do n't live in scotland but if i did , i could n't see myself being scared out of voting for the snp because of the possibility of another referendum . 
  which they could vote no on . 
   your phrasing suggests that the british government is more likely than any other to support self-determination the british government is arguably more likely to support self-determination than the spanish government considering the scottish independence referendum ( in comparison to the hostility towards such a referendum happening for catalonia ) . 
  i do n't think that the ` divide ' between the countries that were occupied and the countries that were not is about resentment , i think it just affects how europe is viewed . 
  the uk greatly suffered during wwii , but i think that suffering is a source of national pride , with the narrative of britain ( and its empire , of course ) standing alone against the nazis in our finest hour . 
  perhaps this view of our role in wwii contributes to the view that we are ( to use the words of churchill ) * `` with europe , but not of it . 
  '' * personally i am all for a federal europe ( with the uk part of it ) , but i do see what / u/aenor means when he ( or she ) speaks of a divide . 
  i 've witnessed a fair amount of casual racism . 
  for example a few years back i was sorting out a computer problem with someone who lives nearby . 
  she 's the wife of an old friend of my dads , so whilst she 's not a family friend i 've known her for pretty much as long as i can remember . 
  so whilst i 'm on the pc we 're just making small talk and she just casually mentions how she does n't like how many asians have moved to the area recently , as though this is something that is perfectly acceptable to say . 
  in that circumstance i must admit that i did n't say anything , but i 've called some relatives and family friends out for saying similar shit ( or racist slurs ) in the past . 
  i think i 've got through to some of them ( well , at the very least they do n't make those comments in front of me ) but with others i have just given up trying to call them out because it 's a lost cause . 
  i only know them all though because a similar quiz was linked a few years back so i decided to brush up on my geography . 
  just tried the asia one though ( 75 % ) and got absolutely wrecked with the - stans . 
  i ca n't even bring myself to try the african one . 
  can probably name most of the countries but i have no fucking clue where most of them are . 
  nope . 
  i 'm sure i could find happiness in the us ( in several states ) and i would n't be against moving there if i was offered a wonderful job opportunity , or if i was in a relationship with an american for example . 
  but i ca n't envisage myself ever looking for opportunities to move there . 
  i doubt it . 
  the mongolian empire existed for almost a century ( before the wars of succession ) . 
  the roman empire existed for centuries , giving us advancements in sanitation , irrigation , infrastructure etc. 
  and leaving a tremendous cultural legacy . 
  nazi germany on the other hand lasted for only 12 years , ending with territorial losses , occupation , and the country being divided for 45 years . 
  and this does n't even take into account the significant documented evidence of nazi atrocities . 
  the british and french may perhaps celebrate the history of their own empires but i think nazi germany failed too fast for it to be compared with modern perceptions of the mongolian or roman empires . 
  the french president at the time died in 1996 .
