  my own history education was focused on europe rather than britain , so the empire really only came up in relation to other events ( such as the world wars ) . 
  pretty much everything i know bout the british empire has come from my own reading , and i infrequently get a bit of a laugh when i 'm browsing wikipedia and find out that the queen is ( or was ) the head of state of another country that i had no idea britain once controlled . 
  i think it is important to remember that the british empire was a long time ago . 
  the overwhelming majority of people living in britain did not live at a time of the empire so it is very much seen as something historic than a source of pride or anything like that . 
  it 's a relic of history that i do n't really think people identify with . 
  the view of wwii might be a little different in the uk since we were never occupied , but over here i think it is very much seen as a source of national pride . 
  the dunkirk evacuation , battle of britain , and refusal to surrender are all seen as heroic events . 
  the speeches of churchill do n't exactly hurt this point of view either . 
  i would not say ` wwii is thought of highly ' though . 
  for a start it 's seen as the war that cost us our empire . 
  more than that though i think it being a source of national pride comes from victory in spite of the devastation . 
  so i suppose it is seen as a terrible event that the british managed to endure . 
  [ edit ] i feel the need to point out , since i mentioned the loss of the british empire , that there is no longing for the empire to return or any of that shit ( despite what seems to be claimed every time the uk takes an anti-eu stance ) , i think the loss of the empire just represents the sacrifice made during the war . 
   it is rare to see european nations chastised for inaction as well as action . 
  when the uk decided not to intervene in syria the tabloid media reaction was hugely critical of the decision . 
  you are always going to find people for intervention , and people against intervention , and i do n't think any * inaction * from the us is going to do its reputation any long term damage because to be honest , i do n't think a significant amount of european people care sufficiently whether the us goes into syria ( or ukraine ) . 
  it 's a talking point when it is in the news , and from that you 'll get your facebook posts and warmongers , but when it is out of the news it is gone . 
  i 'll happily admit any pressure on the us to act is * far * greater than the tabloid media reaction to uk inaction on syria ( and more international ) , but that is what you get for being the most powerful country in the world with the most powerful military in the world . 
  as long as the us continues to have military bases in europe and spend as much as it does on its military , i think it is only expected that there are those out there who will expect them to use it . 
  the us may be in a fairly unique position , but it is a position of its own doing . 
  and again , i do n't really think the us failing to act will significantly alter european opinion on the us . 
  i 'm fairly confident if i were to ask general people where i am whether they like the us and why , the iraq war and nsa will come up far more than not acting in syria or ukraine because the hotheads calling for action will have a short attention span and cooler heads prevail . 
   however , the population of the eu certainly has some serious reservations about close relations with the us . 
  the population of the eu has reservations about their close relationship with the * eu * if the recent elections are anything to go by . 
  that the people of europe do not blindly trust the governments of foreign nations is not unique to the relationship of those countries with the us and will be seen in many international relations . 
  perhaps opinion of the us has lowered due to the spying scandal and the iraq war etc , but are they not perfectly viable reasons to do such ? 
  speaking from a uk perspective with regards to involvement in iraq i can say that did n't just damage opinion of the us but opinion of domestic politics as well , and i feel that can be glimpsed in the way involvement in syria was rejected . 
  but the us and europe remain close allies . 
   let 's face it thats why africans are rebelling against it . 
  the africans are rebelling against it because the focus of the icc has overwhelmingly been on africa . 
  it 's an international project that has been welcomed in europe because of the history of europe . 
  as for the icc investigating the us for afghanistan , well why not ? 
  it has recently been announced that british war crimes are also being examined , so this is hardly just a us bias . 
  it also makes sense to go after the us in such a way to be honest , considering the us is a western and democratic nation that has been instrumental in the evolution of international law ( including referring situations to the icc via the security council ) but not wishing to themselves be bound by it ( within the confines of the icc ) . 
  as the most powerful nation in the world and figurehead of the west , it would help the legitimacy of the icc to pressure the us into joining . 
  china and russia on the other hand are not seen as these beacons of democracy that would be expected to be so heavily involved in the protection of international law ( with china not even signing up the rome statute ) . 
  and all of this ignores the fact that the office of the prosecutor of the icc is hardly dictated to by the governments of the european nations . 
  the prosecutor has discretion in who to investigate and is meant to act independently , and therefore any investigation into us crimes can not merely be put down to some european hatred of the us . 
  but why limit discussion to the icc ? 
  how about the human rights council and universal periodic review , which is intergovernmental and therefore could be better said to represent the views of the goverment than an independent prosecutor ? 
  how about the [ report on china ] ( http://daccess-dds-ny.un.org/doc/undoc/gen/g09/162/99/pdf/g0916299.pdf?openelement ) , where huge criticism of china comes from germany , switzerland , and the uk ? 
  or the [ upr on russia ] ( http://daccess-dds-ny.un.org/doc/undoc/gen/g09/162/59/pdf/g0916259.pdf?openelement ) where denmark , norway , the uk and the netherlands brought up their concerns about violations in the northern caucasus . 
  and then we move on to the [ upr on usa ] ( http://daccess-dds-ny.un.org/doc/undoc/gen/g11/100/69/pdf/g1110069.pdf?openelement ) , where we can examine the human rights concerns the european nations are willing to articulate about the us . 
   switzerland noted with satisfaction that several states had abolished the death penalty . 
  switzerland also noted , inter alia , that thousands of migrants had been detained in harsh conditions and without access to legal counselling for violations of immigration laws  the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland noted that the united states had a strong record in human rights protection and welcomed us recognition of the need to achieve greater equality for minorities , people with disabilities and lgbt individuals . 
  it was concerned that the death penalty could sometimes be administered in a discriminatory manner and encouraged the united states to address those systemic issues . 
  it asked about steps the united states had taken towards the ratification of treaties and optional protocols to conventions it had already signed . 
  it encouraged the united states to redouble its efforts to ensure the closure of the guantanamo detention facilities in a timely manner . 
   france welcomed the united states ' pledge to ratify cedaw and its intention to close the guantanamo detention centre . 
  it asked what measures had been taken in that regard and when the closure was expected . 
  belgium noted with regret that the death penalty was still applied by some 35 states . 
  it expressed concern at the situation in the prison system , including violence against detainees ; prison overpopulation and overrepresentation of some ethnic groups ; and imprisonment , sometimes for life , without any possible reprieve for those who were minors when the acts were carried out . 
   austria stated that the united states had set positive examples in the protection of human rights at the national and international levels . 
   spain asked questions about the closing of the guantanamo prison , the new regulations on military commissions and the right to a fair trial , and the guarantees for the remaining detainees ; and about the united states ' obligations related to consular access to foreign detainees , particularly in relation to the avena ruling . 
  so there we have it . 
  light criticism of the us and brief mention of guantanamo , but a lot of praise . 
  because the european nations in this world consider the us to be an ally and do not seek to undermine the us via international institutions . 
  [ edit ] bollocks , i 've just realised the links to the working group reports for the universal periodic review of the countries i mentioned is broken . 
  all the reports can all be found a few clicks [ here ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/en/hrbodies/upr/pages/documentation.aspx ) though for those interested . 
   from the wikileaks cables to the icc to snowden , the eu has gone after the us with a vengeance . 
  i would n't mind some more details on that . 
  the us is n't a participant in the icc , snowden is residing in russia because other countries wo n't give him asylum , and i have no idea what the governments of europe have done with regards to wikileaks that would piss you off . 
  as for why there is a greater focus on problems with the us , not russia or china , i 'd say that is precisely because the us is an ally and we have a lot more involvement with that country . 
  we do n't cover the russian or chinese elections to the same extent the american elections are covered in the uk either . 
  when does europe undermine the us ? 
  what european nation does not have a cordial relationship with the us ? 
  the uk ? 
  france ? 
  germany ? 
  poland ? 
  does the us find itself unwelcome in the baltic states ? 
  because this still seems about fawning . 
  fine , i 'll respond to some points you initially made . 
   as soon as the crisis is over europe goes back to hating the us in what way does europe hate the us ? 
  there are many things the us does that we do n't like ( such as the illegal wars and spying , which yes , i know the uk is a part of ) but some of the biggest allies of the us are in europe . 
  that does n't mean blind devotion though . 
   wo n't even acknowledge our contributions to european defense during the cold war again , what ? 
  the huge role america played during the cold war is * more * than well known . 
  that europe has been a bit too lackadaisical with their own defence since the end of the cold war ( no longer believing the russians to be a big threat , as talked about in the article ) is a separate issue entirely . 
  in short my disagreement with your post comes from it reading as though there is some expectation that europe should be fawning over the us just because of the nato alliance etc. 
  way to go off on a tangent there when the discussion between / u/indyk and / u/cbr777 was n't even about the us . 
   in the last one in 2012 statehood won 61.3 % of the vote but congress threw the results away and obama said a larger majority was needed to make a decision on this . 
  jesus that is really bad . 
  imagine if the uk did that with scottish independence !, 
  from what i recall though it was n't that simple was it ? 
  i vaguely recall something about two questions being asked , and the majority wanting statehood was on the basis of the second question and not the first ? 
  neither is the rest of the uk . 
  this story was about people not having the correct documentation . 
  if that were actually true , i 'm still all for blaming god , not conchita . 
  fuck god . 
  i do n't really understand how they thought this * was n't * going to happen . 
  voting is free but campaigning is n't . 
  this is something i thought of when i wrote the comment but i think this line of thinking forgets the money involved in politics . 
  it 's just sad that ukip seems to have so much support ( especially for seats that ukip are n't exactly going to make use of ) . 
  on a personal level i also find it sad that the green party is n't bigger in the uk ; many of their policies seem like something a lot of the uk could really get behind . 
  the projected seats of the lib dems is interesting though , and shows the poor job nick clegg did in the debate . 
  or perhaps it is just an indicator of what happens when you trade ( supposed ) party ideology for short term power . 
  the more attention ukip receive , the more racist they seem to become . 
  i 'd expect a party in their position to be trying to promote a more moderate view but clearly i 'm mistaken . 
  i do n't even know who this poster would appeal to ; some of their previous posters have been fucking racist , but they also hit on the sort of social subjects they often appeal to racists ( such as playing on the fear of immigration etc ) .
