  i mean , what exactly was the point of the linked article for example ? 
  it can pretty much be summed up as ' `` france was a strong united kingdom to act as a counter-balance to germany in the eu . '', 
  it 's not exactly news , it is barely discussion , and it adds nothing to the debate . 
   also , a lot of people voted strategically for ukip in the euroelections , to send a message , but they would n't vote for ukip in domestic elections . 
  in addition to this , the voter turnout for euroelections is far lower than the turnout for general elections . 
  i think this has relevance because my guess is that ukip supporters were probably more likely than the general population to vote in the euroelections . 
  nope . 
  in an ideal world there would be no nuclear weapons , but we do n't live in an ideal world . 
  i do n't see why they need their own subreddit , i like them . 
  they are interesting and rather apolitical , which is a nice break from a lot of the more political dominated links ( which i am not complaining about ) that we get . 
  i also see it as a bit of a celebration of the diversity of europe . 
  i also do n't think there are so many of them that i would consider them to be clogging up the sub . 
  i also think that those type of posts often go through phases so they will naturally die out for a while and spring back in some other form ( either when the creators of the posts get bored or run out of ideas , or when people get bored enough to not upvote ) . 
  i agree with / u/mrkarlis that i see little point in fragmenting the subreddit . 
  i think by its very nature / r/europe is going to attract diversity in the type of posts and discussions . 
  i do n't know , it 's the [ size difference ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/12/07/article-2520084-19f19aa800000578-717_634x989.jpg ) that concerns me . 
   you still find topless women in the beaches in the south . 
  so ... can you recommend any hotels in the region ? 
  preferential treatment . 
  ca n't get a fairer deal than preferential treatment . 
   you 're lucky that we 're such a forgiving people , because today no one even cares . 
  well , it was 200 years ago . 
  if the countries of europe were all to hold a grudge going back that far we would all still be at each others throats . 
   why then bother with that association agreement ? 
  the eu may not need ukraine , but that does n't mean they wo n't accept them . 
  the point i am trying to make here is that the eu is the one in the position of power , the one who can dictate the terms . 
  and if the people or government of ukraine do not like those terms , they can decide it is not in their interests to pursue membership to the eu and instead seek a different future . 
   but it needs a country with major problems that arise after breaking almost millennium-long common history and ties . 
  sure . 
  again , the eu * needs * nothing to do with ukraine , meaning it is in a position of strength . 
  far better for it to enter without fears of it being a russian puppet though . 
   military in crimea was not for forcing crimeans to vote ` correctly ' . 
  it was to defend them from ukraine interfering again . 
  i 'm more hesitant to dismiss allegations of fraud and lack of independent monitoring . 
   because russia is an enemy to eu ? 
  a year ago i would have said no . 
  now ? 
  a little bit . 
   many countries in eu have ` split loyalties and interests ' . 
  what nation in the eu is n't western-aligned ? 
  generally speaking the countries that make up the eu have loyalties and interests far more similar to other eu members than russia . 
  most are in nato for example . 
   why eu did n't even * tried * that ? 
  because why the fuck should the eu try it ? 
  the eu does n't need ukraine . 
  and it certainly does n't need any of the problems that would inevitably arise from having a country on the path to joining the eu being in the sphere of influence of russia . 
  there is nothing stopping ukraine from having stronger relations with the eu whilst maintaining relations with russia . 
  if ukraine wishes such it should seek to increase relations with the eu without an association agreement . 
   crimeans had referendum and decided to leave ukraine . 
  i can only imagine how secure scotland or catalonia would feel if their referendums were to be done under military presence . 
   ukrainian people has close economical , cultural and even family ties to russian people . 
  you ca n't just take that and throw out of the window . 
  then they can keep those ties to russia and abandon any ties with the eu . 
  the eu is hardly being unreasonable here ; there are a wealth of reasons as to why the eu ( with its aims of an ever closer union ) should have no desire to accept a country that wishes to keep such close ties with russia . 
  it * would * become a problem . 
  it * would * split loyalties and interests . 
  so imo the eu * can * take that and throw it out of the window , because nothing good would come from ukraine entering on the path to join the eu in such circumstances . 
   yanukovich tried to do exactly that . 
  pro-eu violent minority disagrees , unconstitutionally ousts yanukovich , eu is totally ok with that . 
  pro-russian violent minority disagrees with that , and it is suddenly ` russia involving in what it must not involve ' . 
  hypocrisy much ? 
  considering the annexation of crimea and the arming of separatists i think any high ground russia could claim from the eu not finding a problem with the ousting of yanukovych was lost long ago . 
   and eu is suddenly blind at inability of ukrainian government to correctly inform ukrainian citizens about what association agreement means . 
  the only way the eu could tell the ukrainian people this would be through the media . 
  a media that has already failed to correctly inform ukrainians as to exactly what the association agreement is . 
   ukraine is very special case , considering its history and ties with russia . 
  no , it 's not . 
  ukraine is the exact same case as any other nation that wants to enter an association agreement with the eu , and there is no role for russia in that process . 
  if the ukrainian people and government are not happy with what the eu is offering ( on the basis of it not taking into account the strong ties with russia ) , they are free to reject that . 
  furthermore , ukraine has the ability to negotiate for itself and its own interests ( allowing them to take into account their ties with russia ) without russia having a seat at the table . 
  with both what the eu * is * and what the eu hopes to be ( greater political integration and the ever closer union ) there should be no room for making exceptions on the basis of historic ties that could be prove to be problematic . 
  and again , if ukraine does not like that , they can reject the association agreement and any aim of entering the eu . 
   how is n't the fault not explaining to general people what association agreement really means ? 
  how is it the fault of the eu if people do n't know what ` association agreement ' means ? 
  how exactly does the eu as an institution explain that to the ukrainian people ? 
  if the ukrainian people are misinformed that is the fault of their own government or media . 
   well , why does the eu feel that need ? 
  i mean , back then in 2013 when things were relatively calm , it was the eu who told that ukraine must decide between eu and russia and rejected trilateral talks in what way is that the eu intervening through that ? 
  ukraine was at a fork in the road , and their options were to take a path leading them to the eurasian union , or one taking them towards the european union . 
   many ukrainians thought that they 're going to actually join eu which is n't the fault of the eu . 
  i do n't think you 'll find many people in my country who have a view on this beyond general ideas regarding the right of self-determination . 
  the only reason i know about it is from studying the icty . 
  as for my own views , well i tend to give importance to the right to self determination over territorial integrity . 
  countries should exist to serve people , not the other way around , and if the people within republika srpska want independence then the idealist in me says that it should be an option . 
  * however * , due to how recently yugoslavia broke up and everything that went down , i suppose i can see why people would prefer to not do anything that could flare tensions again ( especially if it were to become part of serbia rather than be independent ) . 
  my knowledge of the politics of the present day balkans however is pretty poor ( especially when it comes to bosnia ) , so i 'm more than willing to admit that this viewpoint is in ignorance . 
  as a brit however it would make me feel not so alone . 
  i think the strong ties between the us and uk show that we do n't need to be sharing a monarch to remain close . 
  i ca n't see the anglosphere drifting apart any time soon anyway , and i imagine australia and new zealand would remain in the commonwealth . 
   some cunt has been downvoting us . 
  people are strange . 
  i was familiar with australian grievances over gallipoli in ww1 and some problems in wwii , though i must admit i was not aware britain tried to hijack troops for burma . 
  all it makes me think of is how little the common man benefits from war . 
  a few powerful men want to play a violent game of chess and the rest of the country suffers . 
  that 's why i mentioned australia in particular . 
  i remember reading somewhere that australia had pretty much dropped the debate for as long as the queen was alive . 
  which makes sense to be honest . 
  i know she became queen in 1952 , but i think the length of her reign ( and subsequently her age ) gives her a historic link back to a time when our nations were closer ( not that we do n't have strong relations still of course ) . 
  with a new monarch that just wo n't be the case . 
  my only hope is that ~ ~ the colonies ~ ~ australia quickly decides to ditch the monarchy and it will start at least * talk * of republicanism .
