  your argument seems to be that nato is useless because the nato nations did n't rush to defend a nation * not in nato * . 
  failing to defend a nato nation risks a * lot * more than not defending ukraine , because if nato is undermined then russia would have free reign within eastern europe . 
  pretty much . 
  that 's how a lot of international law works though ; it is hardly unique . 
   russia has just showed the world that nato will not live up to article 5 , imo how , exactly ? 
   what benefit do ukrainians get as a result of giving up their stockpile then ? 
  who knows ? 
  maintaining nuclear weapons is not cheap , and it also risks a lot of tension within the international community . 
  if you are trying to argue for a military reaction on the basis of the memorandum though i think the only thing that is relevant is that memorandum , which is pretty short and can be [ read here ] ( https://www.msz.gov.pl/en/p/wiedenobwe_at_s_en/news/memorandum_on_security_assurances_in_connection_with_ukraine_s_accession_to_the_treaty_on_the_npt?printmode=true ) . 
  all it seems to do is ensure that the signatories protect the territorial integrity of ukraine , but it does not ensure a military response if this is breached : * `` the russian federation , the united kingdom ... and the united states of america reaffirm their commitment to seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to ukraine ... if ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used '' * * `` ukraine , the russian federation , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america will consult in the event a situation arises that raises a question concerning these commitments . 
  '' * in short , there is no obligation to start ww3 because russia breached this memorandum . 
   look at ukraine , world 's 3rd largest nuke supply , usa says , give em up , we guarantee your sovereignty . 
  i do n't know how many more times it has to be stated , but the budapest memorandum does not obligate the us ( and uk ) to declare war over the territorial integrity of ukraine . 
   but do n't you think the uk government has been very irresponsible in not promoting discussion and information on the uk 's place within the eu i agree ; the political parties of the uk have been hugely irresponsible . 
  even with the eu debate heating up ( because of ukip ) i feel there has been a complete lack of substantive information , with both sides trying to appeal to voters through vague ideas ( of togetherness , or sovereignty etc ) instead of disseminating the type of information i feel every voter should have should a referendum be called . 
  i think the media is to blame as well , and are just as guilty as the government in giving us vague arguments but failing to truly report on the * specifics * of the eu . 
  we are constantly told that more and more power is moving towards brussels etc. 
  and i feel if the eu is truly the bureaucratic behemoth that the media is painting it out to be , then the specifics of the eu should warrant a lot more discussion time . 
  when i say ` specifics ' i 'm referring to legislation for example . 
  what is being debated and what has passed ? 
  what legislation has been rejected ? 
  why is the eu even legislating on this ? 
  this could hit on issues such as exclusive or shared competence , or subsidiarity which i feel are * vital * to the eu debate , but i wonder if even 5 % of the uk population could identify what those words mean in the context of the eu . 
  any debate on the eu requires the public to have a far better understanding than i feel we currently have , and the media and politicians are not currently giving us the level of information required , and are not giving eu discussion the * time * is requires . 
   the phrase the public will not understand is inexcusable i think this is a valid point . 
  * however * i have two responses to this : the first point i 'd like to raise is merely based on reality . 
  the fact that information * can * be found on the eu does n't necessarily mean that it will . 
  i very much fear how many people would be willing to vote in a referendum on our future in the eu without having even an adequate level of knowledge . 
  i therefore feel that some information still needs to be brought * to * the voter to help limit this issue . 
  the second point i 'd like to raise is that the eu is * hugely * complex . 
  i studied the eu in my law degree and touched upon it my postgraduate studies also , and to be honest parts of it still confuse me . 
  treaties , directives , and case law can all be confusing , and with that in mind i feel there is a role ( for the government and media ) to give people access to information on both sides of the debate that is transparent and easier to understand ( whilst still being sufficiently informative ) . 
  personally , i 'll be honest and admit a bias . 
  i 'm pro-eu and very wary of the views of cameron on the eu merely because i do n't believe any renegotiation ( if he were to even manage it ) would be used for anything more than screwing over the average worker . 
  i have a similar level of skepticism with regards to his stance on the echr . 
  [ edit - clarity ], 
   the only `` reform '' i can think of was paving the way for federal use , the uk losing even more powers to brussels which of course does n't change that it * was * a reform . 
  my point being that the member sates of the eu did n't exactly walk into the ` ever closer union ' thing without realising it . 
  whether they did so with the consent of the voters is a different argument entirely . 
  as for the opinion of the public , well , it 's malleable . 
  at the moment in the uk i do n't really feel there is a widespread educated opinion on the role of the eu and its powers and fear a lot of the ` public opinion ' on the eu are little more than tropes spouted by a fearmongering media . 
  i think the fact that we did n't have a referendum on the lisbon treaty is entirely separate to whether it was a reform . 
  ireland did also manage to gain concessions from the rejection of the lisbon treaty , so whilst i have a lot of sympathy for the idea that they were basically told to vote until they gave the right answer , i also think it is a viewpoint that is too simplistic . 
   to continue in a union of this magnitude without accepting reform from time to time is not a good idea would you not consider the lisbon treaty reform ? 
  the big difference , i imagine , is that scotland is voting for independence , not to join a different nation who currently has a military presence in scotland . 
  i doubt many people on this sub would really wish to deny people in crimea the opportunity of independence , or even to re-join russia if that is what the majority wants . 
  the big problem comes from the manner in which this vote is taking place . 
  because the uk won !, 
   europe could without a doubt become the worlds # 1 super power too . 
  i 'm not sure that is something that much of europe event * wants * , so using it as a basis to push for a federal eu could just be unpopular . 
  i 'm personally all for a federal europe ( and i 'd like to see a clear path towards that goal ) , but i also think it is important that it is n't rushed . 
  the nations of europe have too much history as independent nations , so to have the eu federalized with such speed would be unpopular , and risk failure . 
  the problem with events such as ukraine is that people expect the eu to act like a superstate , and then criticise it for not being able to do such . 
  the crisis in ukraine should serve as a reminder that the eu would benefit from advancing in the area of common foreign and security policy , but that shit takes time , and international events ( such as the ukraine crisis ) should serve as a catalyst to this . 
  but calling for a federalized government and military is just jumping the gun a little . 
   did not declare war on the soviet union when it invaded poland on 17 september 1939 ; contrary to the terms of the alliances with france and britain i 'm curious as to whether you truly think britain and france should have declared war on the ussr having just declared war on germany ? 
  can you not appreciate just how badly that would have gone and exactly why it would have been no use to poland for britain and france to have done such ? 
  you 'll be the second polish person i ask this question in this thread . 
  exactly how many dead british , french , and commonwealth citizens would it have taken for you to be satisfied their actions were sufficient ? 
   but they 're asking for a response that shows russia that such aggression is not ok and in doing so taking potshots at the uk for not doing enough to protect poland in wwii , which is really my main problem with the parent comment of this discussion . 
   can you really claim that the western european response is adequate ? 
  well , the uk is n't exactly the only nation showing a reluctance to use economic sanctions . 
   and now the poles are seeing the same kind of ` holier-than-thou ' attitude from the brits here from what i have seen in this thread the british response is n't some ` holier-than-thou ' attitude but a response to polish criticism of british ( in ) action in a war that cost hundreds of thousands of british lives . 
  i mean , look at the parent thread of this topic ; a polish person criticising the uk both for ww2 and inaction during the current ukraine crisis as though the uk has some duty to fuck over its own economy over ukraine when the uk approach is n't too different from that of most of western europe . 
   the treaty obliged you and france to attack germany within 14 days of declaring mobilization , which would be september 17th . 
  the uk did what they did because that was how it needed to be done . 
  an invasion of continental europe at that time would just have led to failure , and death , which ultimately , i imagine , would n't have been beneficial to poland . 
  so i ask you , how many more deaths would you have preferred the uk and commonwealth to have taken before you you were satisfied their actions were sufficient considering the circumstances of the time ? 
   they do n't even seem to care that 800,000 british people died trying to free poland , they just care that we ultimately failed and hate us for it . 
  yeah , there seems to be a lot of that going around . 
  i do n't particularly care for our army , and am under no illusions about why the uk entered ww2 and polish post-war history but considering the loss of life in the war that the uk entered into in response to the invasion of poland , it comes off as a little bitter . 
  you 'd have thought it was us who occupied them for half a century . 
  `` leech '' they threw our tea into the ocean . 
  this is just repayment . 
  the us is going to try to rely on economic sanctions etc. 
  russia may not have a military the size or power of the us military , but they are not a country anyone would be fast to declare war on . 
  considering ukraine is n't part of nato either , i could n't see nato getting involved . 
  if the us got involved i imagine they 'd drag in a fair amount of nations with them . 
  and i also imagine the protests would be huge . 
  i agree with you in principle , but what competences do you feel that the eu has that it should n't ? 
   more ukip meps means fewer people working hard to protect britain 's interests in europe could n't agree more . 
  if someone wants to support ukip , fair enough i suppose , but i do n't really see the purpose of voting them into the european parliament considering their stance on the eu . 
   rather , what 's wrong with taking one step back , then when things are settled again , taking a step forward again . 
  i suppose my problem with that is that this is n't really what the uk is advocating . 
  i find it hard to envisage a time in the near future where the uk would be willing to have over more power to the eu , so it would likely just be ` one step back ' , and then a return of the opt-outs again the second most of the eu ( certainly the eurozone ) gets back on track with its ever closer union i 'll happily admit though that a big reason i could n't personally support your notion of a rethink is that i do n't trust cameron in the task and suspect it would merely be used as an opportunity to gain more support by looking tough on the eu ( on topics such as sovereignty , or immigration ) whilst trying to fuck over workers rights  are n't they ? 
  true . 
  but the natural response to this - in the eurozone at least - is a closer union , not a step back . 
   the europe of the 1950s and 2010s are two different places . 
  but so are the treaties . 
  the idea of an ` ever closer union ' ( of a federal union ) is n't some antiquated relic from the treaty of rome that gets pulled into debates when convenient , it 's been a constant theme of the evolution of the eec / eu that has clearly found a lot of support since then with the evolution of powers of the eu in areas such as common foreign and security policy . 
  so to me it 's not whether the europe of the 1950 's and 2010s are two different places , but whether the europe of 2007 and 2014 are two different places ( since lisbon certainly reaffirmed the union getting closer ), 
   why does it have to be something federal or nothing at all ? 
  because that is what the eu is about , and it is what it is heading towards . 
  as / u/cbr777 points out , the eu has been an ` ever closer union ' since its founding and the governments of the uk knew this . 
  they knew it for the maastricht , they knew it for amsterdam , and they knew it for the lisbon treaty , but fuck any idea of a referendum until it can be used as a political bargaining chip . 
  i know the uk has acquired a fair amount of opt-outs but i think it has to be agreed here that the uk is going against the flow of the eu in securing these , and with the idea of the ` ever closer union ' it was , or is , a time bomb . 
   why does it have to be something federal or nothing at all ? 
  perhaps i am missing something here , but my own answer to that would be `` because the eea exists '' . 
  [ she addressed congress in german ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdaf-xvcptc ) so i do n't see she could n't do the same again . 
  my guess would be ` remainder of the uk ' .
