   is that more pro-eu than he lets on ? 
  i think so , just on the basis that i think his public concerns about the eu are not just political but also concern its economic powers . 
   regardless , do you disagree that if the people have n't heard of the candidates , that those candidates then lack the mandate they claim to have to be the president ? 
  i actually do disagree , because i 'm hesitant to say a candidate at eu level lacks mandate on the basis of domestic shortfalls . 
  i do think some faults are at an eu level ; for example the eu is really fucking complicated and that makes it difficult to really get to grips with it . 
  but if british people have n't heard of a candidate then i 'm pointing my finger at our media and the political leaders of the major parties rather than claiming the illegitimacy of juncker . 
  i personally think cameron is more pro-eu than he lets on to be honest , he just wants it to remain a trade based union , not political ( and thus he rejects the juncker appointment merely because it gives democratic legitimacy to the eu ) . 
   the media could report more on eu politics , but the media reports on what 's interesting . 
  i think that if a politician wants to receive media coverage , he should go and seize it . 
  i think it goes against the very foundation of democracy to think like that . 
  making law should have no need to be interesting , people should be interested because it is relevant to them . 
  i think that the eu generally * is n't * that interesting is also down to the fact that the subjects it legislates on are n't generally interesting to the public , which i think also says a lot about the extent of its powers . 
  those in power in britain reject the idea of the eu becoming a political union , but the response to that seems to be a condemnation of the eu instead of giving our population the news and information that would allow us to make our own choice . 
  instead we hear tropes that then become repeated ( often about immigration or brussels sucking in power ) without actually hearing anything substantive that would allow for an educated opinion to be made . 
  cameron has yet to convince me that his talk of reform is anything but wanting to screw over the workers . 
  cameron was ignored because he deserved to be ignored . 
  juncker was just being used as a domestic political battleground to show that cameron can be tough on europe , and i think it highlighted the deficiencies in his approach to the eu . 
  he treated it as a battleground , he spoke about it as a war , and that just goes against the more successful cooperative approach that those such as merkel employ effectively . 
  juncker was the democratically legitimate choice and there was little that cameron could do to combat that . 
  the big problem the uk has with the eu is how it is treated by our politicians and media . 
  cameron went on and on about how if juncker was appointed it would be harder to keep britain in the eu , though i imagine most people within the uk had not even heard of juncker before their votes were cast because of the absolutely awful standard of media in the run up to the elections , and the terrible campaigns of the major parties to garner votes . 
  the eu as a whole would be seen to have a far smaller democratic-deficit if our politicians and media actually informed us on it rather than using it as a scapegoat . 
  in what way are we a vassal of the eu ? 
  the areas that the eu can legislate on are not that extensive . 
  i was picking up a chinese takeaway earlier and whilst they have * the sun * to read whilst you wait ( yes , i feel the need to justify looking at that awful excuse for a newspaper ) and they reported cameron was actually speaking about it as a war over the eu . 
  one thing seems to get repeated a lot in the british press at the moment and that is that the appointment of juncker will apparently make it harder to sell staying in the eu to us brits . 
  which is something i find ridiculous because juncker ( and the position of president of the european commission in general ) was just not mentioned at all in the run up to the election and i very much doubt many knew who he was . 
  it therefore seems to be a terrible manipulation to talk of this only * after * the election to rile up the british voters and think nothing of the democratic process . 
  i think the votes for ukip in general showed either a huge misunderstanding of the eu or a complete lack of interest . 
  no matter which one it is though i do n't think it paves the way for a sensible debate . 
  merkel just knows how to play politics and pick her battles . 
  cameron is fighting a losing ( and arguably undemocratic ) battle to look tough on the eu to try to score points domestically and merkel has no obligation to help him . 
  i love reading articles by zizek . 
  i think he makes a decent point by stating it currently looks like it is the blind leading the blind , and i also agree with his talk of politicians using fear to evoke passion for their policies . 
  but i also think that the article really does n't say much to back up the title statement ( which is also made in the conclusion ) that only a radicalised left can save europe . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with it to be honest , i just think the conclusion seems quite unrelated to the rest of the article . 
  people care about their jobs , they care about the economy of their country . 
  a common argument against being in the eu i often come across is that it costs millions of pounds a day . 
  another common argument is argument that the free movement of people means that immigrants come in and take our jobs . 
  if it could therefore be established ( and i say if merely because i do n't want to start a debate on the benefits of the eu so am keeping it more hypothetical ) that leaving the eu would hurt our economy and cost us jobs , a lot of people would find it extremely relevant . 
  we could all get bogged down in talks of ideology and the common goal of the ever closer union but i think it is a reality that most people just want to lead a nice life and have money coming in . 
  i therefore think it is a bit of a leap to go from voting in the ( hypothetical at this point ) eu referendum on the basis of jobs to looking for monetary gain for helping a ` bleeding granny on the street ' . 
  that the british empire was an imperial power is pretty fucking obvious . 
  would he buy a fucking # 11 million helicopter to a relative for their birthday ? 
  if not i 'm in . 
  i 'm thinking to please all of us wanting to reclaim the glory days of power we should just settle on ` europe : the empires strike back ' . 
  i bet this integration would go a lot smoother if continental europe just agreed to call it the united kingdom of europe . 
  do you not feel that a european army with a military the size of the us would be a little big overkill ? 
  in an ideal world i would n't want to see any american troops based in europe , but in an ideal world there would be no need for nato . 
  as long as nato exists then i really do n't see the problem with it . 
  i would however like to see greater european integration in regards to defence to have less need for american troops to be based here . 
  federal states of europe ? 
  the european federation ? 
  honestly i 'd like it to just be called the european union . 
  it would also have the benefit of making history books a little confusing as they 'd have to differentiate between the current eu and a federal one of the same name . 
   we should first have more integration , between countries that are very similar to have just 3-4 blocks instead of 28 countries . 
  how would these blocks integrate ? 
  would that not just be adding yet another layer of government ? 
   the u.s. is also the wealthiest and most powerful country in the world . 
  speaking only for myself i do n't see the big deal in living in a ` powerful ' country . 
  the us has many things going for it for sure but if you give me the choice between living in a country with the most powerful military , or a country with greater wealth equality and free healthcare i 'm going for the latter . 
  in general i agree with you that the us is a good example of federalization , but i do n't think it is one that europe can follow . 
  you mention that the us has managed to craft a strong american identity ( which i think is important in federalisation ) but i think the nations of europe have been separate for too long for that kind of identity to form . 
  the us is most certainly a product of its own circumstances , so a federal europe will have to find its own path . 
   we were too busy getting left out of the preferential treatment , industrial privileges and development grants that catalonia has been getting since the 60s and earlier . 
  i 'm not familiar enough with spanish history since the end of the spanish civil war but would i be right in assuming the purpose of this preferential treatment was to prevent calls for independence ? 
  because if so , i 'm not really sure if the people of catalonia can be blamed for wanting independence still , since the calls for independence will undoubtedly be about more than just the economy . 
  i 'd call myself british first , european second . 
  but i think a big reason for this is the circumstance in which this question comes up . 
  most times this is asked i think a more specific answer than ` european ' would be expected . 
  i do n't think you can have a wrong order in how you identify . 
  i identify as british above everything else ; but there are some circumstances where i 'd answer english . 
  top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  australian 2 . 
  welsh ( uk ) 3 . 
  scottish ( uk ) top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  german i 'm from birmingham . 
  back when i was at uni people were never able to determine where i was from ( or my background ) , so going in to the test i figured it would n't get me spot on . 
  considering the dialects are n't exactly specific though ( by which i mean they are based off of larger geographical areas than i first assumed ) , it surprises me to get australian , welsh , and scottish . 
   but a westminster government minister said `` of course there would be a currency union '' one person . 
  many others have rejected the claim there could be a currency union because the united kingdom wants control of its own currency . 
  my main point however is not about whether there will be a currency union , but that salmond should not have unilaterally stated it , because it is something that must be negotiated . 
  this was a political move by salmond and nothing more . 
  i think the campaigns have been pretty bad to be honest . 
  westminster should have been more open to discussions with the eu to put to rest any uncertainty that it might bring . 
  and salmond has played the political game too much where he announces things ( such as a monetary union ) that he should n't in order to put more blame on westminster when they inevitably state such things would have to be negotiated . 
  as for whether scotland would thrive as an independent nation , who knows . 
  clearly it would n't collapse in on itself or any bollocks like that , but any political upheaval brings its risks and i 'm not sure how accurately its future economy can be predicted . 
  i think the vote will be closer than many imagine ( with the commonwealth games coming up etc ) but i still think scotland will vote no at this rate . 
  i thought i 'd read somewhere that had scotland not been part of the uk it would only have changed two election results in the post war period ? 
  i think labour just need a decent leader with a strong vision . 
  i do n't mind miliband but he 's hardly set british politics alight . 
  because if scotland votes for independence , cameron will always be known as the guy who was prime minister when scotland left the union . 
  and it is a tag that will probably stay with the tories in general , i 'd imagine . 
  in addition to that scottish votes rarely make a difference in the general election ( which is something often said in the independence campaign ) . 
  which is also known as ` plan b ' to the tories . 
  for those who only read the title , she is married to a scottish man , and lives in edinburgh ( and has done for 20 years i think ) . 
  she is eligible to vote in the referendum also i think .
