  hell , i 'll even admit to judging most of the leave voters i have met . 
  but to hate entire portions of a country because they ( a majority of them anyway ) voted to leave the eu ? 
  that 's pretty sad . 
  just because de gaulle failed does n't mean he did n't try . 
   charles de gaulle was a military leader first and a politician second . 
  he did n't want the uk to be a member unless there was full commitment towards the european project . 
  you may call him a military leader first but fact is that he was acting as the president of france . 
  as for ` commitment towards the european project ' i 'd say it gives de gaulle too much credit , with a sort of implication that he was looking out for the interests of europe and was n't simply trying to solidify french influence in europe . 
   uk and to have opt outs in major areas of the project . 
  considering both the problems with the euro and the migrant crisis some of the uk opt outs seem like pretty intelligent moves to be honest . 
  personally i do n't have a problem with opt-outs , i think it is understandable for different countries to move at different speeds ( of integration ) . 
  i can understand why people do n't think this way , but i 'm not putting the ( sole ) blame on the rest of europe for the ` us v them ' attitude anyway ( which i think britain has a huge responsibility for ) . 
   do you support the creation of an eu army ? 
  ( yes/no is enough ) nope . 
   would you join it voluntarily ? 
  hell no . 
   would you support a draft ? 
  hell no . 
   would you sacrifice a year of two in basic training if mandatory ? 
  4 . b would you support mandatory basic training of an year or two ? 
  nope and nope . 
   are you physically able to join it ? 
  give me a few months in the gym and i 'd whip into shape pretty fast . 
  no long term health issues that would prevent me from joining , but i could do with some cardio . 
   do you have relevant skills you could bring into it ? 
  nothing combat related ( unless we start fighting wars with swords again ) . 
  non-combat related , i 'm not really sure what skill sets would be relevant . 
   if you call punishment the eu looking after its members ' interests , then yes , it 's a punishment . 
  is it looking after its members ' interests or is it scaring them into line ? 
  trying to crush eurosceptic movements in other countries by ensuring that the uk does n't get a good deal is n't looking after its members ' interests . 
   no one saw it as `` us vs you '' except when de gaulle vetoed british entry into the eec . 
  i think the ` us vs you ' situation does exist ( and it 's down to britain not really seeking further integration ) , and i do n't think the uk can solely be blamed for it . 
  and i 'm very pro-eu . 
  considering what the polls were saying in the lead up to our general election i think i 'll just wait until the votes come in . 
  shit , i watched back to the future the other month . 
  does that mean i 'm stuck in the eighties ? 
  personally i get pretty bored of people having the view that we think we are a world power just because there is a scepticism of the eu ( and i say this as a pro-eu brit ) . 
  other than it shattering your view of the english as being high class , did you enjoy your time in england ? 
   it rolls into the yt comment section with an absolute despicable barrage of racism and germanophobia . 
  what exactly did you expect from youtube comments ? 
   so you can laugh about others but not about yourself ? 
  perhaps he could laugh about himself ( well , his country ) , but simply did n't find this funny ? 
  it 's why i tuned in !, 
  god i loved that performance ( poland 2014 ) . 
  quite catchy and absolutely no subtlety whatsoever . 
  what makes me sound like a stereotypical english dullard ? 
  i just see eurovision as a camp private contest , so do n't really view limitations on performances as a free speech issue . 
  the people have clearly spoken however ( with so many voting for ukraine ) , and i am clearly not with the majority . 
  seeing as i do just view it as a camp private contest i suppose there is little reason for me to get annoyed or irritated by the outcome . 
  personally i would n't be against there being a rule that performances should not be political ( because it goes against what i enjoy about eurovision , and if more countries made their performances political i think it would be detrimental to the show ) but i can see why others do n't hold such a view . 
  i like it , it 's fun . 
  i actually have very little interest in music ( do n't really listen to it ) but i enjoy watching the campiness of eurovision once a year . 
  i do n't think it is important at all . 
  i do n't get drunk ( because i do n't drink ) . 
  and i tend to do other shit between the performances and the votes being announced because i do n't care for the interviews etc. 
  preferable to songs about politics . 
  personally i like eurovision to be light hearted and have performances that are not political . 
  i 'm all for silliness and songs in languages other than english . 
  whilst i was watching eurovision i actually thought that i was n't enjoying it as much this year because it seemed to have less silliness than other years ( imo ) . 
  the ukrainian song was n't ` silly ' though . 
  i suppose an argument can be made that it was unique but speaking only for myself ( as someone who has always enjoyed eurovision even though i do n't listen to music ) that type of song/performance is not the kind of route i would like to see eurovision go down . 
  if you enjoyed it , well i 'm not going to argue with that . 
  we all have different opinions . 
  i can only say it 's not the type of song that has me watching eurovision every year . 
   besides , ukraine got the 2nd most amount of points from the jury , so that tells some things that juries are also not free from bias ? 
  the voting may have been political , but the songs were n't . 
  might be a cultural thing . 
  thought the ukrainian song was a bunch of shit . 
  well , now i 'm just left wondering whether you are a troll or a fucking idiot . 
  it does n't , because you still have not explained to me what my first post has to do with cognitive dissonance . 
  so , again ... had i posited that the tories could not possibly believe that they were doing anything for the greater good considering the impact that their policies have had ( such as increased reliance on food banks and increased levels of homelessness ) then perhaps your mention of cognitive dissonance would have been a relevant response . 
  considering i made no such argument however i think that talk of cognitive dissonance is entirely irrelevant to the point of view i put forth . 
  linking my own posts does not answer my question . 
  i see no relevance to cognitive dissonance in what i said . 
  how so ? 
  had i posited that the tories could not possibly believe that they were doing anything for the greater good considering the impact that their policies have had ( such as increased reliance on food banks and increased levels of homelessness ) then perhaps your mention of cognitive dissonance would have been a relevant response . 
  considering i made no such argument however i think that talk of cognitive dissonance is entirely irrelevant to the point of view i put forth . 
  or perhaps i just do n't find it relevant to this discussion . 
  i call shit on them thinking they are doing this shit for the greater good . 
  they are doing it for the good of themselves and the people that fund them . 
   the whole thing is an anachronism as is french guiana and a whole host of other territories around the world . 
  fact is the era of colonisation and imperialism left a lot of these anachronisms around the world , but thinking they should be solved by just handing the territory back and screwing over the people who live there is simplistic and pretty cruel . 
  a majority of people in northern ireland want to remain a part of the uk british . 
  now if the uk were shipping over englishmen to live there en masse to keep it that way that would be an issue , but this is n't happening now . 
  handing over the territory to the irish would be undemocratic . 
   specially if englishs are building wall agains ' t itself and the rest of europe . 
  i suppos i should give you credit for not trying to hide this view at least . 
  fact is though if northern ireland wants to leave the union they are free to do so , but that is their own choice . 
  not the choice of the republic of ireland ( until the majority wish to join ireland that is ) . 
  not the choice of angry frenchmen whose jimmies have been rustled by brexit . 
  the anti-uk sentiment here is truly pathetic . 
   probably the best way to make them leave the crown and toward reunification with their rightfull owners . 
  northern ireland has no ` owner ' . 
  it is part of the uk because a majority wish to remain in the uk . 
  considering this , ireland is not the ` rightful owner ' of northern ireland . 
  i 'm pretty pissed off about brexit myself but it seems the exit has rustled the jimmies of continental europeans more than brits who voted to remain on this subreddit . 
  speaking of northern ireland as though ireland has a right to it ( against the wishes of the people living there ) is just pathetic . 
   when they kept a bit for themselves . 
  the bit that wishes to remain part of the uk you mean ? 
   and have a colony there ?
