  30 years ago, 
  it is n't , but forbidding work is as bad as mandatory working . 
  this does n't mean it ca n't be lower . 
  more people to lose jobs :(, 
  when you lose , it 's populism !, 
   reddit is strangely against referenda . 
  recently the referendums did n't go as the hivemind wanted to , what a strange thing that those `` democrats '' are becoming more anti-democratic when option they did n't want has won, 
  those people are , like farage called it , in denial . 
  it has aired yesterday ffs . 
  / r/freefolk is where it 's at, 
  first time i agree with eu on something ? 
  britain was told by the people to do something . 
  then fucking do it , do n't try to dance around it . 
  this was removed ? 
  nice censorship . 
  you had your chance, 
  you did it lads !, 
  in liechtenstein , every town can call a referendum on independence . 
  it 's in the constitution . 
  dissolution ? 
  rather not , but reform ? 
  certainly . 
  less ingerence in the member states , i hope . 
  top quality banter , lad, 
   and the reactions in this thread are childish and precisely why a lot of brits voted leave . 
  all these `` you 're going to fail '' or `` bye bye uk '' or `` good luck with your recession '' is goddamn nonsense . 
  i 'll be feasting tonight on those tears . 
  they 're still drunk after winning the pl . 
  well , nobody has left eu before . 
  me kill eu, 
  they just want opposite of what england wants . 
  you 're running out of london and scotland , remain camp . 
  silly ireland !, 
  uk actually voting for less government , incredible . 
  i 've just received new instructions from putin himself, 
  i expect 50,5 % leave lead and london results turning the result, 
  it 's populism if your opponents win !, 
  it was n't sarcasm , it was literal . 
  that 's my point bro . 
  thank you !, 
  if people are stupid , how we can trust them to elect good leaders ? 
  if people are good , why do we need government at all ? 
   advocate for free-market capitalism with a moderate approach to the welfare state . 
  1 . free-market capitalism 2 . moderate approach to the welfare state choose 1, 
   by this standard , all countries but germany and sweden are xenophobic . 
  that 's what they actually think , 
   paid for it pls, 
  do n't even mention this lad , germany getting over this piece of land is the biggest factor of peace in europe since 1945, 
   it seems counter-intuitive to hire civilians to defend the nation in lieu/extension of the army . 
  you underestimate how much some of my countrymen hate russia . 
  they 'd do that for free . 
   what if it 's the only one around and the person needs help but the clinic is n't giving certain treatments due to the staffs fate ? 
  that one person is n't obliged to receive treatment , nor has any kind of `` right '' to force ( any ) company to provice services to them . 
   also all clinics need to have strict minimum requirements to uphold to such as an ethics code , a medical one , inspections passed by whatever administration in in charge of medical regulations nationally , etc. 
  they do n't need to , market could take care of that if entry barriers to own a clinic were n't so high due to government imposed regulations . 
   and not be responsible for it why should n't they be responsible for it ? 
  freedom comes with responsibility . 
   or even simply a jahovah 's witness clinic that does n't do any blood transfusions to begin with and let 's a patient get sicker . 
  i do n't see a problem with such a clinic existing , as long as nobody is forced to go to it . 
  it is n't a good way to run one , though , i guess . 
  and how 's the current law in ni ? 
  you 're forced to go to the closest one ? 
  ( not british ), 
  let every clinic set its own donation rules . 
  not true socialism, 
  shh let them circlejerk, 
  human needs are infinite , and robots can only satisfy a finite amount of desires . 
  all they 'll do is raise wages ( lower prices ) , so you 'll be able to feed a family of 4 working hour a week or so . 
  scrap the welfare ( and i mean any form of it ) , then there are no reasonable arguments against immigration . 
  and , most importantly , they usually work instead of leeching benefits . 
  hell , i 'd be for unsigning it if it would n't cause a domino effect and masive international shitstorm, 
  it was a thing in poland for quite a long time y' know, 
  poland has no right to forbid any other country to construct nukes . 
  well ... it could have been worse candidate , i guess . 
  says the german, 
  with its geopolitical position , poland ought have been one of first countries to get nukes . 
  so one of us will be a little less happy this evening, 
  i hope hofer will win !, 
  most socialist parties would n't be ashamed of pis 's social programme, 
  damn . 
  this applies to most of those far-right headlines , anyways . 
  everything is far-right according to the media . 
  until they 'll continue to support migrants and duck around subsidizing pathology ( i think they would support 500 + , just in another form ) they have no chances imo . 
  shame . 
  truly for the first time i read an unbiased comparison of polish parties . 
  thanks . 
  my uni came 5th !, 
  it should n't be left vs right . 
  it should be utilitarism/collectivism vs. individualism . 
  fascism and communism are attempts at the same , they 're not opposites . 
  what lies on the other side of spectrum is anarchy . 
   automation-induced loss of jobs / r/badeconomics, 
  in poland , tobacco tax brings more money than it is spent on tobacco health care ; anyways , i love how state justifies itself : first it imposes public health care , then it furthly restricts freedom in order to `` fulfill '' its mission, 
  i 'm not even smoking , but fuck off . 
  let adult people kill themselves , if they want to . 
  why is this sub so authoritarian ? 
   pro-russian politicians like korwin mikke lol, 
  top kek ? 
  do you own a chinese restaurant ? 
  as much as i hate tvp , i have to admit they know how to pick good song .
