  government should n't change it . 
  you can not be catholic and support abortion ban . 
  you can be against abortion and not be a christian . 
  what have you done , they were n't ready . 
  stop building windows in prague , for the sake of peace in europe . 
  this makes me really sad . 
  i bet you are n't from central/eastern europe . 
  sitting right now in warsaw , comfy as fuck . 
  enough for me . 
  http://thep.en time to buy a new domain !, 
  i have no idea how to feel about this, 
  just imagine the shitstorm if somebody said jewish death camps . 
  just imagine it . 
  no man , you think wrong of patriotism imo . 
  i 'm an ancap yet i still feel patriotic about polish people , polish culture etc. 
  but would n't fight for the country . 
  true , also : being small helps always in any per capita rankings, 
  i 'm having mixed history/vexillology boner right now, 
  belarus . 
  true one , which accepts its plc ancestry , not commie one . 
  your ancestor sure loved all that free market under third reich 's regime !, 
  hitler 's germany is a mixture of right-wing extreme nationalism and left-wing ultra-statist economic policies . 
   we hate the eu with a passion . 
  any political party that advocates entering the eu or being pro-eu is immediately dismissed by the majority of the population . 
  huh . 
  wow . 
  hitler is n't far right , national socialism ca n't be fitted properly on left/right wing axis / r/badpoliticalscience material or something, 
  because fascism is all about free speech, 
  germany should face up to its anti-semitic past . 
  even some ancap philosophies reject freedom to lie . 
  hey brother , is it true that in russian there 's one word for rus and russia ? 
   also why did n't sb stop/blackmail him ? 
  they knew they could n't hold onto power , so they made him a hero and a leader for new regime , while securing rich & safe future for themselves ( to this day , commies have very high pensions compared to ordinary people ) ; if wa\u0142\u0119sa did anything against them , they could just leak the documentation about him & his cooperation with communists into public . 
  awesome . 
  maybe poland wo n't get fucked by jury this year . 
   and it is enforced , whether president likes it or not . 
  this is ridiculous : not so long ago prosecution started a case based on this article , even though the president himself said that he does n't feel offended at all . 
  either you ban all symbols referencing ideologies which killed millions of people all none of them . 
  no ( and they should n't be ) , but i thought that in germany ... 
  it 's easier to justify killing millions of people when you say you 're doing it for well-being of working class ( stalin ) than saying you 're doing it for your nation to prosper ( hitler ), 
   the display of prohibited symbols ( swastika ) wait , hammer & sickle is n't illegal ? 
  no link between eu leaders and common sense . 
  it all comes down to muh feels . 
  so what , banks should offer loans in plns if they do n't want to ? 
  why should private companies be forced to offer a certain service ? 
  banks are n't obliged to loan a single cent to anyone . 
  second thing is that banking sector is too strictly regulated so competition is n't as big as it could be , leading to a situation where consumers ca n't easily just go to another bank, 
  how do you lithuanians kill yourselves ? 
  hanging ? 
  this is way beyond ridiculous . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  remember : conservative - bad , socialdemocrat - good . 
  me too !, 
  shit , i do n't even know where to start . 
  i have a long story with korwin , but i 'll just type whatever comes into my mind - literally promoting free market by funny memes instead of constructive arguments - not having an ideological manifesto ( do n't know the expression for this in english , you know - the document in which party states what are its goals and how it will accomplish them ) - allowing idiots who have n't read a book on economics rise to high party ranks and start in debates - targeting 18-24 electorate while completely ignoring the rest - not doing anything about controversial leader who , according to the polls , has biggest negative electorate in poland my friends did a ( very serious ) layman-friendly party manifesto , which in my opinion was very well done . 
  they did it for free , for the cause . 
  guess what ? 
  it got completely ignored by leadership , instead they asked the graphic designer to make a graphic to post on facebook for achieving ~ ~ 100,000 likes . 
  they also gained support of a small but loyal e-cigarette community ( korwin was the only party which 'd support deregulation of them ) , but again - leadership ignored the effort and did n't talk to . 
  the irony is that e-cig community had about 50k members , which is exactly the amount of votes they needed to get to the sejm in the recent elections . 
  i lost all hope in that party . 
  work creates more work , you ca n't `` steal jobs '' . 
  if those immigrants would actually work , not sit on welfare nor be violent i would n't oppose them coming here . 
  who was better option ? 
  pis - bad for economy , barely acceptable foreign policy po - bad for economy , bad foreign policy . n - neutral/good for economy , bad foreign policy ( they 're pro migrants ) , unfortunately align themselves close to po zl - communists & progressives kukiz - too mixed to have a united stance on anything korwin - party of memes, 
  the irony . 
  somebody has other views than mine ? 
  censor him !, 
  well , he 'd be better of as a publicist and not a politician , 
  who was that guy with `` jestem polakiem '' badge ? 
  this hindu who 's sitting near legutko was pretty good . 
  after this woman it 's iwaszkiewisz , marusik and korwin . 
  no that 's hitler, 
  this charity fund is one of many reasons i feel proud of my country . 
  wait , are you using `` neoliberal '' to describe brussels ' policy ? 
  do we live on the same continent ? 
  what they should really debate about is situation in germany . 
  deathjump , best of the sports . 
  sad that poland is not relevant this season . 
  more like you get government promising most free stuff every time , 
  entitled pricks . 
  poland stronk . 
  gladly . 
  meh , it 's an analogy rite . 
  compared to what poland was 25 years ago , poland is a miracle on earth . 
  i was in paris 2 weeks ago and did n't notice much difference between it and warsaw . 
   black people are only 3/5 human thats why basic rights do n't apply to them why no rights ? 
  with this logic they should have 3/5 of them :d, 
  party , not the leader . 
  some lesser knowns are pretty competent , they 're marginalised by populists tho, 
  why do you assume that people who did n't vote are unhappy/unrepresented in parliament ? 
   in the meantime we can check how stupid each voting group are by setting up the correlation between votes added and invalid votes added . 
  why is reddit so obsessed with 100 % turnout ? 
  disclaimer : op was sarcastic , i hate the demoracy and am annoyed by how some problems like these could be easily avoided by government staying out of them  over minorities ' rights though . 
  you realize you can write up almost anything under that , right ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  am i an oppresed minority if i do n't like some taxes , but have to pay them under threat of violence ? 
  am i an oppresed minority if i want to marry my cat/computer but i ca n't because the rest of society says so ? 
  who defines what is an `` oppresed minority '' ? 
  where do we draw the line ?
