  opposition mps blockaded the rostrum after that ( it 's still going ) for 6 hours 5 . 
  informal head of the state , leader of ruling party , informed his party that they need to pass the budget tonight 6 . 
  because it 's impossible to conduct the proceedings with blockaded rostrum , ruling party decided to move the proceedings to another chamber . 
  it 's possible , but they need 231 mps in order to do that - even though ruling party has more mps than that , they are n't present in sejm because they are government members and they are e.g. 
  visiting various parts of the country or else . 
  there are 223 ruling party mps in the sejm currently right now . 
  independent mps are now currently being invited to go to the substitute chamber , so there will be a quorum and it will be possible to reject 110 amendments to the budget and pass the 2017 budget law edit : also , ruling party wants to change sejm 's statute to allow them to reject all 110 amendments in one voting , instead of voting on individual basis edit , breaking : ruling party needs 1 more mp to start the vote . 
  edit : sejm resumed proceedings in a different chamber . 
  the budget for 2017 has been passed , with 234 out of 236 mps voting yes . 
  horseshoe theory is collectivism vs individualism . 
  both far-left and far-right are sacrificing individual liberties for the sake of state/collective/commune / whatever you name it . 
  safety nets can be provided much more effectively ( and voluntarily ! ), 
  without government 's involvement . 
  minimum wage and unemployment subsidies are the cause of the problem , not the solution to it . 
  sweet fear-mongering . 
  of course , in every realistic economic system low income earners will not have a great time . 
  they ( ... we ? 
  i think i fall into low-income category ) certainly do n't have a great time today . 
  that 's life . 
  where did i imply that i do n't want a safety net for low income workers ? 
  no , exact opposite imo . 
  welfare state , in its current form , hurts poor the most . 
  the sad story of rise of the welfare state ... 
  imo those are n't equivalent . 
  feminism is n't ( at least , officially ) a movement/ideology to accomplish some individual 's goals , but rather change society . 
  and second is n't because raising social spending and lowering taxes is , in the long run , impossible - while the situation i described is totally possible , and , for some , desirable . 
   poland for poles !, 
  england for the english and poles !, 
  looking from typical polish voter 's viewpoint , what 's wrong with that idea ? 
  is n't it describing a perfect situation for someone like him - poland having strict immigration policy but uk having a loose one ? 
  why is it so often used to ridicule them ? 
  that 's very machiavelist stance . 
  proud pole reporting in muh heritage, 
  you 're the only person in the thread to not notice that this was an accident . 
  first decent pun in this thread tbh, 
  they tried to escape . 
  : o we must be from different parts of the country, 
  here , have a polish fish copypasta which is too long to paste it here http://pastebin.com/0hye4ffu, 
  carp  sardines, 
  stupid fish go back to water tank, 
  serving carp at christmas eve is a polish tradition . 
  you usually buy it alive , keep it in bathtub for a couple of days , and kill it later . 
  i thought that posting this image ( from an accident that happened today in tychy ) would be a good way to introduce / r/europe to our customs . 
  ( yes , those fish on the floor were alive ), 
  liberal in the european sense , that 's what i meant . 
  what 's the most liberal ( european ) party ? 
  how are they doing ? 
  people are downvoting in denial , while they 're still gon na call every right-winger a racist , fascist homophobic bigot . 
  this sub is an echo chamber of edgy lefists , do n't expect much except downvotes for stating an opinion , 
  yes , i 'm butthurt about freeloaders in nato . 
  kick germany out of nato , 
  but please believe that i do n't want polish culture to be destroyed . 
  i honestly believe that we can maintain the memory of our past without government spending money on musea , parks and other . 
  i disagree . 
  why only western europe ? 
  why no prague , warsaw , budapest , kyiv , moscow ? 
  now if we could get ~ ~ religion ~ ~ whole of this spending down to 0 % that 'd be fantastic . 
  polish government in 1968 ( and in 1945 ) was n't sovereign , but german in 1939 was . 
  people like to generalise these people . 
  hooligans ( ultras ) both destroy public property and volunteer in e.g. 
  child hospitals to renovate the rooms . 
  open rebellion would be more than sure - almost no germans there . 
  not worth it . 
  same with why poland does n't want lw\u00f3w back , and why no one except russia ( and maybe some hungarians ? ), 
  wants to violate potsdam borders . 
  gda\u0144sk was n't under german ownership though at the time . 
  it was de iure independent . 
  just a hobbyist historian nitpicking here . 
  not in my opinion , but i can bet my left hand that poland would choose pope john paul the second . 
  me too !, 
  green eyes , red hair . 
  fluent english . 
  is this enough for citizenship ? 
   ginger army now imagine a literal army regiment composed entirely by men with red hair . 
  around an hour after this , every train on the cental local station ( and probably every public transport ) was late around 20 mins :p, 
  i 'm not a fan also , but let me tell you that standing right in the centre of smoke was a very unique experience , especially when people shut up and you could only hear the sirens and horns and engines but next year i think i 'll go to some other place when people will just stand still for a minute, 
  i 'd rather not justify immigration on the basis of retarded retirement system . 
  this is done every year at 1st of august , 17:00 . 
  commemoration of the warsaw uprising . 
  whole traffic in the city stops for a minute . 
  yes . 
  if china got its shit together before xviith century it could easily conquer eurasia . 
  `` joined '' ( :, 
  but not the opposite of power-hungry . 
  spanish ? 
  every conservative would hate poopan . 
  i expected a much worse argument to be honest . 
  this makes sense for me . 
   mayonnaise x should taste the same everywhere why ? 
  `` original german '' what does it mean ? 
  original settlers east of oder were slavs, 
  hey , i 've noticed that also . 
  whenever i go into a fresh article , 2 hours old at most , comments are very balanced and constructive . 
  fast forward 10 hours , the poland-is-dictatorship-ban-it-from-eu spam is at the top . 
  wtf . 
  this is the first rational article about the whole poland affair in eu that i have read in foreign media . 
  you can thank me later lad . 
  see , that 's the difference between us - you vote for communists , i 'd rather remove them from society . 
  i 'll never vote for someone who 's openly for raising taxes , no matter whether it will affect me or not . 
  it 's not as bad , but it 's still bad and i refuse to vote for party which works against my interests .
