  best country in europe . 
  great leader . 
  model for other countries to look up to . 
  wikipedia editors are often power trippers and they hate whenever someone implies they 're wrong or violates their kingdom . 
  i 've tried editing many math articles on polish wiki to make them more casual-scientific hybrid like the english ones but editors insist on keeping this part of wikipedia written in hermetic , professor-like language who is only readable to someone who has degree in maths . 
  god forbid we give an intuition on what integral is in the article . 
  i do n't have as much time as those neckbeards to start an editing war . 
  [ look at this article . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ddvnvcl.png ) it 's literally list of integrals , paragraph on how to compute them , and list of how does one call various integrals . 
  wtf is this ? 
  delet this, 
  thank you ridf, 
  dorne is fucked up only in the tv series . 
  in books they 're cool . 
  yup , stopped visiting that place long time ago . 
  it became another left-wing circlejerk . 
   feels happy . 
  that 's so important to me . 
  99 % of the songs are pseudo-ambitious generic pop trash about whom you forget immediately after the contest . 
  simple , catchy , happy song should win for once . 
  poland forced lithuania to cease ukraine in 1569, 
  liberal as in socdem or libertarian ? 
  culture has nothing with this ? 
  one of the biggest mistakes of the time . 
  thank you for 2nd partition . 
  you had one fucking job , wait 10 years for poopan to come but nooo , too hard . 
  this should n't be celebrated as an accomplishment , but like warsaw uprising , as a warning for future generations to not do stupid shit like this . 
  no true communism, 
  let 's end the eu and go back to eec . 
  hear hear . 
  stop telling us what to do, 
  what did tories do , make 2nd coming of christ happen ? 
  and roman state fell only 564 years ago . 
  they are administrative divisions called countries . 
  good joke , running on anti-democratic platform i thought that the left loved democracy, 
  it 's both word for it and a gender neutral pronoun . 
  what 's hard to understand ? 
  you call your cat '' \u011di '' if you think of it as an animal , `` li '' or '' \u015di '' if you have so much respect the cat that you want to humanize it , or if you think that your cat is a transgender male to female to nonbinary with further gender identity issues you can still call it '' \u011di '', 
  zamenhof encouraged usage of \u011di if the gender of the speaker is unknown, 
   aside from the obvious problems you will get with transgender people \u011ci exists ... 
   all adverbs end in `` e '' false , 
  recently i 've found a good , neutral article on the polish supreme court reform , so i decided to translate it ( very poorly i guess , but it 's readable ) , so the other people here who are often curious can have their own opinion on the matter . 
  here it goes : the supreme court is the most important court in poland . 
  according to current law , it 's appointed mainly to perform judiciary duties , wherein the sc does it a little bit differently from other courts . 
  the citizens do n't bring appeals to the sc , but cassations ( in criminal cases ) and cassation appeals ( in the other types of cases ) . 
  the supreme court does n't examine the case factually ; rather , it focuses on the procedure - so if a lower court judge has interpreted a rule incorrectly , the sc may repeal the judgement . 
  but if there was an error in establishing facts , the sc wo n't usually take that into consideration . 
  that 's why it 's said to be , that the sc is a `` court of law '' . 
  #the state of current sc judges * how it is except unusual scenarios , like e.g. 
  judge committing a crime , and the case of the judge reaching the age of 70 , a judge is irremovable from his post . 
  * how it will be the new law foresees a complicated procedure . 
  within 14 days of passing the new law , the minister of justice ( moj ) will present a motion to the national judiciary council ( njc ) to leave the judges indicated by him in active state ( judges in poland do n't retire , rather they go into `` retired state '' , from now on i 'll just say that judge will retire ) . 
  the njc will have another 14 days to make a resolution about the future of each judge , and deliver it to the president . 
  president will be then able to confirm the judge being left in active state . 
  if he does n't do that , the judge will be put into retirement . 
  however , the president wo n't be able to decide to leave a certain judge active , if the moj does n't wish it . 
  there 's also a possibility to `` downgrade '' a judge to lower courts , if both the president and the judge agree to that . 
  * why is it important these rules will allow to replace the current sc members . 
  * strengths the change of sc 's structure justifies the personnel changes . 
  if the legislator e.g. 
  has many objections towards the functioning of the military chamber , the laws allows him to remove the judges ruling in that chamber . 
  in their place he can call the judges with different competences , e.g. 
  suited to the new disciplinary chamber . 
  * weaknesses it may appear , that many extraordinary specialists will be retired . 
  in case of 40 yo . 
  proffesors , the most prominent experts in their specialties , it may be irrational managing of the human capital . 
  the state will also have to pay the retired judges , as the law states , 100 % of their wage . 
  * controversies those rules are the most controversial ones . 
  many experts say , that the sc will be abolished , and `` a new supreme court '' will be put in its place . 
  the rules on electing new judges are so lenient , that the legislature and executive have much more influence over the personnel of the sc . 
  the lawmakers also plan to reduce the amount of judges in sc by 40 % . 
  this may result in longer waiting time for judgements . 
  on the other hand , the ruling politicians says , that the sc requires a deep reform , and that it 's working poorly , because it is managed poorly . 
  so the laws on replacing the judges who did n't care about citizen 's good , are justified . 
  at the same time , the government ensures , that it does n't plan a mass expulsion . 
  the best judges , who are truly independent and apolitical , will receive offers to stay in the sc . 
  #choosing the chairman of the sc * how it is the sc chairman is chosen by the president , for 6-year term , from the active judges of the sc . 
  the sc general assembly gives the president 2 candidates to choose from - he must choose one . 
  * how it will be the sc chairman will be chosen by the president , for 6-year term , from the active judges of the sc . 
  the sc ga will give the president 5 candidates to choose form . 
  * why is it important it 's the chairman who presides over the sc and it 's inner regulations . 
  he 's the face of the sc , represents the sc in the public sphere . 
  he also has an indirect influence over choosing the chairmans of each chamber . 
  * strengths the president 's position is strenghtened . 
  he has more candidates to choose from . 
  * weaknesses the sc judges ' position is weakened . 
  the obligation to choose more candidates makes it possible for the sc to present a candidate without big support of other judges . 
  controversies the term of current sc chairman , ma\u0142gorzata gersdorf , will be terminated . 
  the constitutions states , however , that the chairman is appointed to a 6-year term . 
  #the sc 's structure * how it is the sc is divided into 4 chambers : civil , penal , social security and public matters , military . 
  * how it will be the sc will be divided into 3 chambers : public law , private law , disciplinary . 
  * why is it important for the average citizen , the efficiency of sc as a whole is not very important ; rather , he 's interested in how efficient is the chamber ruling on his matter . 
  * strengths the anachronic military chamber will be abolished . 
  not many cases are examined there ; most of them could be examined in penal chamber . 
  * weaknesses the new law clearly states the competences of the disciplinary chamber , but is n't so detailed about the other 2 chambers . 
  for example , as of today we do n't know where the penal cases will be examined . 
  * controversies the competencies of the disciplinary chamber are very broad . 
  some people say , that it will be a court in the court . 
  some doubts are also raised over the issue , that in disciplinary cases , the sc currently examines in the squad of 3 judges . 
  the new law states , that only 1 judge will examine these cases .
