culture of work which i respect deeply . 
  i thought china would be shifted to the left, 
  let 's do it , new gov ca n't be worse than current one ( or can it ? ), 
  yeah i hate his rhetoric too , he needs to change it imo . 
  but it got him elected though . 
  do n't confuse mikke 's personal opinions with party programme . 
  listen to wipler , wilk or dziambor . 
  thanks . 
  much better then i expected . 
  why force them ? 
  do n't make people happy if they do n't want to be . 
  16,91 % turnout in pl after 10/14 hours . 
  16,91 % turnout after 10/14 hours of voting in poland . 
  exit polls : po-33 .7 % , pis - 32.5 % , sld 8.9 % , psl - 6.9 % , knp-jkm - 6.8 % . 
  it is n't hard to be most pro-eu country when your economy is benefitting so much from it . 
  that 's kinda high . 
  hurray !, 
  he should be buried in moscow . 
  how commie is labour then ? 
  7,31 % turnout in poland so far . 
  are n't they commies ? 
  junk contracts are not a problem . 
  there 's a reason why people choose them over normal work agreement . 
  problem 's with work agreements , not the `` junk '' ones . 
  dis gon b hard . 
  yet people vote them . 
  voters ' logic . 
  poland . 
  we have senate ( upper house ) and sejm ( lower house ) . 
  senate has 100 senators , sejm has 460 deputies ( some argue it 's too much ) . 
  you do n't hear almost anything about senate in media , everything about politics is going on in sejm , even though the laws needs the aprobate of both sejm & senate to pass . 
  we have 5 % elections threshold for parties ( 8 % for coalitions , no % for minorities ' parties ) . 
  mps are elected for 4-year term , and have very advanced immunity ( they ca n't be sued for anything ) . 
  vote for third party . 
  unless you want to go full murika mode . 
  low turnout means that people who have an idea what they are doing will be bigger part of total votes . 
  why somebody who has no idea about economy society and law should vote ? 
  without basic knowledge in these topics you ca n't vote consciously . 
  i think low turnout is good . 
  finnish win is all what i asked for . 
  tommorow . 
  i do n't think i 've ever felt bad about my nationality , this is probably the first time . 
  i 'm ashamed that we did n't support rest of v4 . 
  i 'd rather replace an idiot for an even bigger idiot to give the first one a warning than have him reign without fear of consequences . 
  questions were more or less as follow : 1 . 
  are you for introducing single member constituencies in sejm elections ? 
  are you for upholding current way of funding political parties from government budget ? 
  are you for introducing a presumption in favour of the taxpayer in disputes over the tax law ? 
  current results from 33/51 districts are : 1 . 
  80 % yes 2 . 
  16 % yes 3 . 
  94 % yes turnout : 7,48 % for the referendum to be binding for the government , turnout needs to be higher than 50 % . 
  in my opinion this was a pointless referendum . 
  as a 3 times ` no ' voter , staying at home instead of voting made more sense to me ( i could help ` yes ' voters pass the 50 % mark !, 
  better have 99 % voting yes with 49 % turnout than 51 % voting yes with 51 % turnout ) . 
  they 'll propose a 2nd referendum , just like in ireland !, 
  why not randomize the order , then ? 
  this is indeed a better question than original one . 
  time for minority government . 
  if they win elections , they have pm ( or at least i think that it 's how this works ), 
  the horror !, 
  this is an underrated content, 
  i need to visit norn iron one day . 
  are you unironically linking badhistory ? 
  broadly : surrendering your individualism for the greater good of the state . 
  socialism advocates for the same , but instead of `` state '' we have the good of `` workers '' , `` collective '' or any nice alternative name for the institution having a monopoly on aggression . 
  altough i can see one arguing against that . 
  it 's very subjective imo . 
  nazist maybe not , because of the racial aspect . 
  but fascism comes very close to socialism , although both nazism and fascism do n't place themselves very well on left/right axis, 
  that 's true though . 
  yup . 
  when people vote right wing , they only do so because populism ( :, 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  poland wanted to pacify germany in 1936 but france declined . 
  good for them !, 
  only women can become adults by marriage , and since you ca n't marry people of your own sex in poland , you can become an adult before 18 iff you marry a man - that 's what i meant . 
  wanted to avoid confusion . 
  fun trivia : in poland , concept of being an `` adult '' in light of law , and being over 18 years old , is separate . 
  you can become an adult either by being over 18 years old or marrying a man before that age . 
  you 'd be able to vote in elections after that . 
  we 'll force you to legitimize the system !, 
   poland is a country where free market evolved into its 19th century flavour . 
  oh , what i 'd actually do for that to happen . 
  do n't speak for all europeans as a whole . 
  you 'd hardly find someone in poland believing in such enlightened and progressive values such as martial infidelity . 
  we 're all backwater here . 
  why the quotation marks ? 
  soviet policy towards eastern europe from 1945 to 1989 was occupation . 
  you act like those things ca n't be provided by the market . 
  germany invading little sooner than it happened irl was the alternative . 
  would baptize myself . 
  i hope germany will intervene with army if pis wo n't resign . 
  you ai n't liberal then you are fascist . 
  pis is utter shit and it broke the law but eu please fuck off from our internal issues . 
  seems like eu wants one more exit referendum . 
  hope uk will give reality check to eurocrats . 
  there will be time for us to hate each other when incidents will happen on sino-polish border :d, 
  yeah , i did n't say anything about public opinion , just wanted to address the stereotype that anti-abortion people are religious . 
  it 's kind of funny that one of most conservative countries in europe has a working compromise as an abortion law .
