  now you can export your cheap fake maple syrup to canada for $ $ $ . 
  i find it hard to believe that such a free-market deal including private arbitrage has passed under current political climate . 
  but i 'm not gon na complain . 
  best thing eu has done for liberty in a long time . 
  so should potential eu army be used to force hungary to agree to eu migrant quotas ? 
  hungary 's dissent stance on migration could as well end up as their dissent on communism in 1956 , if eu had an army . 
  what 's the most libertarian party on lithuania ? 
  how did they do ? 
  god no , nobody would hire me if he were to pay for 2 hours of me commuting, 
  oh right , gimmicks of british government , you 're correct !, 
  in most european countries constitution states that people either rule through elected representatives or directly , i forgot you have no constitution, 
   it would n't be the first time an anti-eu referendum result gets revised upon reflection . 
  if only pro-eu referendas were revised same way !, 
  try me !, 
  respect democracy . 
  i 'd prefer eu going back to being a mere free-market union , but if that 's not possible , then yeah , i 'd rather have no eu then eu in its current state eu had its potential ( euro could have been a great idea ! ), 
  but it was ruined by socialdemocrats wanting to create european superstate, 
  more countries in europe = more decentralisation = better . 
  yay scotland . 
  hope norn iron , catalonia and basque country will follow . 
  i 'd prefer self-determination of individuals . 
  because you say so ? 
  all the government interventions in the market , as far as i can see , only helped the rich or the ruling class and established crony capitalism/dictature of corporations under which we live today . 
  people complain about big businesses being too powerful when almost every government makes it harder and harder to compete with them . 
  brexit is a wonderful opportunity for uk to show that you do n't need eu regulations to have a successful economy , but it needs to be done along with mass deregulation and lowering of government spending . 
  along with schultz , tusk , merkel and others . 
  honestly , the only ruler that i ca n't seem to find an argument against is hans-adam ii . 
  pis : populism and socialism, 
   a more modern better reasoned stance your reasoning is the same as reasoning used by europeans towards africans in xixth century . 
  `` those barbarians and their primitive laws ! '' . 
  current polish abortion law is an excellent compromise between pro-life and pro-choice stances and it 's really weird that such a good law was passed in early ex-communist period . 
  fools , fanatics and populists is exactly how 'd i describe people governing eu and most of european countries . 
  wise man indeed . 
  you mean everybody likes us in georgia , like in georgia ? 
  want to visit !, 
   if they wanted their opinion to count then they should have showed up . 
  totally agree , if you assume that voting has a purpose/can change something ( i do n't , but that 's irrelevant ) boycotting referendums which you do n't like makes no sense . 
  with 100 % turnout it would be a majority surely . 
  maybe not `` big '' , but over 50 % definitely . 
  my bad . 
  divide-and-conquer politics . 
   what makes your opinion he right one ? 
  as always , feelings, 
  no , they actually have support . 
  i beg to disagree . 
  yup, 
  usa solution is not free market , but government regulation of healthcare without national insurer . 
  its the regulations ( and funding r + d for thr rest of the world ) that cause this . 
  i believe that market would do a better job of providing poor people with those services than any government can . 
  holy shit this is great . 
  liberals were always scared of privatising `` strategic '' things because this usually meant getting voted out by the mob and next gov reversing the reform . 
  if what you wrote is true , this is a big step forward for liberty . 
  what 's sad is that our opposition 's so incompetent that their only viable strategy against current government is to shit on their own country in european parliament . 
  pis 's only strength is the retardness of civic platform and . n. 
  i 'm a staunch opponent of current gov but eu , fuck off please . 
  okay , so i 've read the article you linked . 
  i 'll only say that no sane person will advocate right to torture/rape refugees . 
  i was trying to argue about a little different thing than abusing personal rights of humans . 
  even if many refugees are welfare-leeching [ human trash ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uptbiqeow94 ) who do n't respect the country that gave them safety , this does n't give us right to violate their self-ownership rights . 
  what we should do is deport those who cause trouble and stop giving monetary incentives for refugees to come to europe/straya . 
   australia is n't exactly treating them with dignity . 
  they are n't treating australia with dignity neither . 
  it 's polish left-wing politics as usual : poland seems to be good at something ? 
  quick , find a way to discredit . 
  they hate the country and people wonder why nobody votes for left . 
  what if she asks me to hit her, 
   `` did you take part in a forced/unwanted intercourse due to being overwhelmed by continued pressure exerted by a man '' ) . 
  the result for sexual harassment was 91,3 % ( 451 respondents ) . 
  are you telling me that vast portion of polish women have sex against their consent ? 
  our culture is so backwards compared to west that we still do n't beat up women !, 
  shame on us . 
  is this good , because medicine is better at treating heart diseases , or bad , because cancer rates are increasing ? 
  wonders of no safety regulations . 
   nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program . 
  m. friedman , you paraphrased him , 
  this is literally our government 's platform . 
  belarussians are brothers, 
  is there a paper on whether this correlates with minimum wage/minimum wage as % of avg . 
  wage ? 
  we ca n't imagine what it feels like to live under german occupation during ww2 . 
  discussion about whether uprising was a good idea or not of course should be , but the soldiers/rebels do n't deserve any bad words . 
  they had the will to fight , they wanted to , probably . 
  except for jaywalking i 'd disagree, 
  maybe you 're right , i 'm just worried that this referendum will mean nothing in the long term . 
  both uk and eu need brexit to happen . 
  uk to show that a country can prosper without eu and eu to get a real warning against forced integration of member states against peoples ' will . 
  i hope brexit will trigger eu reform towards decentralization , free market and liberty instead of trying to create a superstate . 
  uk , stop being more antidemocratic than our government . 
  i agree , at this point it 's unbearable . 
  well yeah , communists are basically economical flat-earthers, 
  they 're free to engage in whatever they 're doing , although i 'd rather not have any business with them until they stop believing that bullshit . 
  this is n't necessary . 
  forbidding people from saying `` i 'm retarded '' is not necessary . 
  good . 
  no brexit would be a failure of democracy . 
  free speech at its worst . 
  sad that people want to regulate what others are allowed to say . 
  i 'm also affected in a negative way buy a shitload of `` democratic '' laws . 
  now it 's your turn to feel how it is to be in the minority . 
  shh , his option did n't win so obviously all of the people he disagrees with are wrong,
