  yup , 
  eu is n't the only way to trade with countries of western europe . 
  unless they want to make their people buy more expensive products and not sign deals with hypothetical polexit poland just because , like what 's happening with uk right now . 
  but i 'm assuming that countries will act rationally , in the best interests of their citizens . 
   the worst part is that there is no party good enough in poland to actually vote for . 
  the `` none of the above '' option in elections in poland would easily get a supermajority . 
  i 'm not going to vote for the lesser evil . 
  well , when we start being the net payer in 2020 being in eu will be neutral for poland rather than a positive . 
  and do n't talk me that there are other benefits for being in eu , there are drawbacks as well . 
  what happened to their royal family after ww1 ? 
  heck , did mecklemburgian royal family did anything of importance during kaiserreich times ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  oh look , it 's the polish anti-pole in action again . 
  do you want pis with constitutional majority ? 
  because that 's what you 're gon na get , dear commission . 
  please fuck off . 
  so anarchists are pro-state military ? 
  these are protests related to polish changes in judiciary law . 
  polish emigrants held them also abroad . 
  read this https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3001541/, 
  what in the flying fuck just happening in tv , both president and prime minister addressing the nation at the same time in different tvs, 
  it means everything . 
  no other party will support overriding the veto , ergo the bill is dead . 
  i did n't clickbait the title !, 
  duda , up to this day , was considered pis 's puppet . 
  party officials are furious right now . 
  it is killed , they can not override the veto - not enough votes . 
  president said that he 'll propose his own bill ( which , contrary to parliamentary bills , has to go through the talks with the public ) in 2 months time . 
  this bill is constitutional , unlike 2 vetoed ones . 
  any sanctions need all the members to agree . 
  if eu would start procedure against both poland and hungary though , neither of those countries world be able to vote . 
  third one may be unpopular but it 's constitutional . 
  he 's an authoritarian , so he vetoes authoritarian law supported by his ex party ? 
  the whole protests were finally done right , even i who feared to support the opposition by participating in the protest went there anyway because organisers really assured me that the protest were nonpartisan . 
  polish president has few competences but they 're important . 
  he can veto laws , send them for constitutional check , he can propose new laws , he 's the commander in chief . 
  usually what happens is if president and parliamentary majority are from same party , like now , president is in the shadows , but it seems like duda did n't want to participate in this legislative farce . 
  now the law will go back into the lower chamber , which needs 60 % of the votes for repealing the veto . 
  ruling party has only 51 % of seats . 
  house of cards tier move by the president . 
  / r/politics was also supposed to be neutral, 
  you remind me of / r/latestagecapitalism types . 
  `` i do n't care if it 's for our agenda ! '', 
  well , there 's a reason why this law is controversial to say at least , is n't there ? 
  but still i 'd prefer an unbiased , neutral article on the matter , like this one , over the bullshit scaremongering propaganda i read at most news outlets . 
  there is no single `` this law is bad '' statement in whole article , and what i did n't include is opinions included in the original article : 2 positive and 2 negative about the law . 
  this is a golden standard for journalism and i 'm sad that people want to read biased news which tell them what to think . 
  you can check https://www.roksa.pl/pl/anonse/ that 's the go-to polish site for those things, 
  oh so it 's some kind of premium chicks you can get a uni student for a tenth of that tbh, 
  900pln for an escort ? 
  what the fuck , it 's closer to 25 $ . 
  `` people are right unless they do want things i do n't '', 
  anyone protesting against incompetence and general shittiness must automatically be with ` the opposition ' / a sore loser etc. 
  i do n't know about uk/us , but in poland the opposition parties are trying to hard to identify the protests against government 's action with supporting opposition , which personally puts me off from doing anything . 
  i do n't want to be associated with socdems just because i 'm against conservatives . 
  sure , i 'd vote leave every day mate . 
  i like the only comment under this article . 
   the less the `` eu should use its leverage '' to influence events in democratic countries , the better . 
   a giant bureaucracy bloated with mediocre civil servants that has stifled the southern european economies , can not protect its ' borders , can not establish an entity wide currency , can not establish an agreed entity wide travel free policy and ultimately can not defend itself is in no position to dictate the internal affairs of poland and to dictate the outcome of a referendum or parliamentary motion . 
  we 're fucked up , but eu , fuck off . 
  not scary , what 's scary is rusophobia present on this subreddit . 
  after putin dies , i hope that russia will come closer with west and maybe , one day , i 'll be able to travel to vladivostok without a visa . 
  eu looks beautiful with russia . 
  that 's interesting !, 
  my friend was an ( the only ) representative of ngo during commission and he said that things said by ruling party members are unthinkable - so much hate . 
  anecdotes huh . 
  you 're just making the damn government more popular . 
  it 's sad to see many self hating poles here . 
  tbh i do n't see much difference between poland stronk conservatives ' dictatorship and poland european socdems ' oligarchy , except for how progressive countries view us, 
  yes . 
  polish constitution is a piece of garbage which does n't regulate anything but usually only states that ( matter ) has to be regulated by an appropriate law , passed by parliament . 
  `` conservatives '' are blatantly exploiting that fact but all opposition does is lament hurr durr end of poland and courts are bending logic using the most unclear `` rule of law '' principle stated in the constitution ( by which you can justify goddamn everything you want to do , same as commerce clause for usa ) . 
  i 'm a bit surprised that it took 20 years to show that this document is bad . 
   judges are supposed to be independent supposed to , yes , but they never are . 
  constitutional courts are mainly used to `` creatively '' interpret the constitution to help the government achieve its goals . 
  even the scotus , which imo is truly the most independent one out of all the courts in the world who dispute constitutional issues , went to shit after 150 years ( during 1930s ) . 
  should 've declared in 1935 when pi\u0142sudski proposed it to you . 
  no eu regulations . 
  if uk made their economy freest in europe they 'd easily become the fastest growing one , but no government of country bigger than liechtenstein will do that , unfortunately . 
  leaving the eu opens many doors for uk 's economy , but their government wo n't take advantage of that . 
  ( i hope i 'll be wrong . ), 
  now that 's interesting instead of all those `` characters of europe '' spam, 
  if media hates you , they 'll take bad shots of you . 
  kaczy\u0144ski in poland had the same problem during his presidency . 
   you have to protect your industries against foreign protectionism because your citizens deserve more expensive goods !, 
  stop embarrassing yourself lad . 
  get off of your moral highground . 
  people wanting less regulations obviously want poor people to die , right ? 
  there 's no other way !, 
  good argument about the gdp growth , but what about gdp malus ? 
  eu 's regulations impact on economy is serious . 
  no , worse . 
  ec protects its interests ( and one can hate it but it 's logical thing to do ) while `` polish '' `` journalists '' are solely pushing their agenda , even if it means making poland look like some 3rd world country in the eyes of western europe . 
  t. wieli\u0144ski google the surname , he works for wyborcza ( biggest newspaper in poland , very soc-dem , anti-government ) who would 've thought !, 
  polish journalists shitting on poland again . 
  current culture is pushing for overrepresentiation of women , though . 
  not in chronological order i think `` alexander iii is dead '' `` alfred dreyfus is pardoned '' `` unrest in china turns into a rebellion '' `` britain and france sign an alliance '' `` germany continues with its naval expansion policy . 
  comparison of rn and km '' `` treaty of portsmouth ends russo-japanese war '' `` breaking : franz ferdinand assasinated in sarajevo '', 
  russia internet defense force . 
  ridf please leave this comment thread , thank you .
