  low attendance is a good thing . 
  we should respect the democracy . 
  this is probably biggest lgbtqwerty hub on the internet , expect things like this to be exaggerated a lot . 
  pis has left wing economic policies . 
  i 'd say i 'm conservative and pro-eu . 
  i like free trade , free movement of people , things like being able to get help in any eu embassy , but against needless regulations , centralisation and bureaucracy . 
  eu should not be disbanded but reformed to go back to its roots - allowing countries to prosper economically . 
  new government ca n't handle internal politics , but their foreign one is much better than previous one 's, 
  more like your ass . 
  yeah one could argue that , just wanted to clarify why they may not obey the constitution, 
  lalala i do n't hear you, 
  sources ? 
  they do n't want to obey to post-communist constitution . 
  [ poles who do n't like current government appealing to foreign institution ? 
  sounds familiar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/targowica_confederation ) this government is best by date , watching sejm is better than any comedy, 
  there are kinds of mi\u0119so, 
  ignore this guy , he 's the biggest po-drone i 've seen on the interwebs so far . 
  it 's sad that media were n't as harsh on previous party when it violated the constitution, 
  this sub is a victim of a self fulfilling prophecy : only people with certain views come here -  rest is downvoted -  people who do n't share sub 's hivemind leave -  go to the beginning, 
  well , there 's a much bigger difference between a georgian and a russian than between german and austrian, 
  same in poland . 
  our mainstream punk is much more ` aggresive ' than american one . 
  that 's not how economy works, 
  second part of the story is that opposition is n't saint either , they appointed 5 judges but they should have appointed only 3 . 
  it 's not okay and it 's up to syria what they will do about it . 
  probably nothing . 
  cool , like this . 
  everyone gets what they want . 
  care to tell more why do people carry these things ( forgot a word ) instead of e.g. 
  latvian flags ? 
  ca n't people be proud of who they are ? 
  polish independence day , 11.11 , ~ 70 000 people ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/a7xqwm_c1_k/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  what does a `` civil pact '' mean ? 
  not our problem, 
  vietnamese and their `` chinese '' bars . 
  we should have something like vermont has , constitutional ( state constitution , not u.s. one ) ban on any laws regarding guns . 
  anyone older than 18 should be allowed to purchase a weapon like he 'd buy bread in bakery . 
  give back my countrymen ^ ^ ^ :d, 
  i guess it is to stay now , it would n't make sense to demolish it by now ... but 25 years ago ? 
  different story, 
  why not 5 years ago ? 
   it 's unfair when the majority votes on laws that do n't effect them , but effect a minority . 
  almost everything falls under that definition . 
  you could make many laws `` unjust '' by applying it . 
  so it 's tyranny of the majority when the majority does n't vote like you want it ? 
  sad news . 
  partially true . 
  at the expense of german , french and english growth . 
  i 'm an atheist , what 's wrong with that ? 
  looking at the history , god deserves a line or a few . 
  he 's not against women 's suffrage , this quote was taken out of context where he was saying that he 's against women voting because he 's against voting , democracy at all, 
  i feel like i 'm a polish citizen , not a eu one . 
  yeah , reluctant to change mine because current ( old ) one has polish flag , 
  butthurt socialists downvoting ? 
  nowoczesna is n't socialist by any means , they 're centrist i 'd say, 
  did i say that this is my opinion ? 
  i think most of people here 'd be glad to see ex-commies out, 
  and the best thing is that one party which does n't stand a chance to pass the threshold is stealing votes from one which has chances to do it :p, 
  `` hurr capitalism is bad everyone except white heterosexual men is oppresed durr '' i guess , something like that, 
  why do we have eu flags on car plates instead of country flags :(, 
   people should be voting . 
  people who know what they are doing should be voting . 
  if someone is to go vote only because he hears everywhere that he ought to do it yet knows nothing about politics nor economy in my opinion is doing more good than bad . 
  small tax on voting ( 1 $ ) would make sure that only people who care will vote . 
  i hope pis will be able to rule without coalition , at least they wo n't be able to tell `` partner did n't let us do x '' and voters will know who is to be punished next elections, 
  he admires putin as a politician for having balls , but he `` loves russia more as it is further away from poland '' . 
  i think people think korwin is pro-putin because he uses '' his excellency '' prefix before names of presidents . 
  so when they hear `` he v. putin '' from his lips they freak out . 
  i hope korwin will pass the electoral threshold  they 're far from perfect but best we can do in those elections, 
  one thing is to have immigrants wanting to work , other is tto have ones who want to sit on welfare . 
  work makes you aristocrat , like we say . 
  they achieved something . 
  they made me actually fear someone getting into power . 
  i think we misunderstood ourselves . 
  if i had signed a contract with a water supplier to get clean water , he ca n't suddenly start giving me dirty one ( that 's when the government can act , to enforce a contract ) . 
  but the supplier should n't be forced to provide me his best services just because he 'd be able to . 
  both sides should voluntarily agree to any contract . 
  yes . 
  no sarcasm , if you wonder . 
  yes . 
  this is a fantastic idea but i do n't feel that government should force internet providers ( or any business ) to provide their services in a certain way , `` for the common good '' or `` equality '' . 
  thanks for the video , though !, 
  most posts about net neutrality on reddit are multi-paragraphs long essays, 
  can somebody tl ; dr the whole net neutrality thing ? 
  i 'm scared that i can live with people like you in one country . 
  no we did n't . 
  po was meant to be conservative-liberal , not social-dem german pawn . 
  polan had 1000 years of independence , unfortunately during commie rule :(, 
  and pro independence from brussels . 
   borders are the worst thing responsible for wars [ infinite monkey theorem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/infinite_monkey_theorem ), 
  poland , italy , are there more countries which do n't use the eu flag ? 
  big pro-eu propaganda in most of country , but with change of government maybe it 'll stop, 
   libertarian is a mini-fascist ????????? 
   that despises to be ruled over being ruled over against your own will is slavery . 
   wants unquestioned power over what he sees as his own what 's wrong with that ? 
   a authoritarian ** is a libertarian ** who decided that the whole country should be considered his own ?????????????? 
   both equally blind to the consequences of their actions . 
  enlighten me !, 
  then you should be against all forms of statism . 
  this is ridicoulous,
