do you speak the same kind of german as spoken here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etizlijfhqa these are mennonites , and around this time of the year you would see german looking kids selling cheese and cookies in the streets of mexican cities , and most of the women i 've encountered do n't speak spanish nor interact with anyone outside their communities . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mennonites_in_mexico i understood that no one spoke that kind of german anymore . 
  we have a trade deal with the eu , which means american and other companies that produce in mexico have access to the eu , and canada is not manufacturing as much as in the 80s, 
  why is this good for canada ? , we got one done years ago , even though it does n't cover as much products or services as ceta it allow us to export duty free to eu countries . 
  things such as cars etc , making our exports to europe more competitive vs the rest of the nafta countries . 
  i think they were upgrading it to include more services and products like ceta did but idk where is that going ,, 
  i do n't care a about the statue what i find disturbing is that there 's the phrase `` discoverer of america '' in the road signs , whether we like it or not he single handedly started a new in human history through the columbus exchange , where we started seeing signs of living in a truly globalized world and of course the sad and terrible genocide and mass death of native peoples of the americas which continues to this day . 
  there 's not another human being who has changed history to that degree . 
  yeah we also have all that chistorra has always been a favorite of mine , it sounds like a tota de chorizo which ive always been a fan , morcilla is also pretty good . 
  we got pretty good dishes in mexico from spain thats for sure i lived in spain for a while and there are a lot of dishes that are very similar ( maybe i was longing from home ) to those in mexico but with a little difference , mostly picante buy otherwise very similar, 
  wow , that 's another reason why i have to go to the basque country , my gf father is french basque and he always has music food etc , and of course good wine . 
  until recently i did n't know maite was a basque name its not unheard of in mexico . 
  there are no corn tortillas in europe they are really hard to find, 
  go to tijuana rent a car and drive the baja all the way , 1500km to los cabos , and you will see how artificial and ugly place los cabos is compared to the rest of the peninsula , if you go during the winter you get to see a lot of whales around . 
  then fly back to europe from los cabos or la paz . 
  the middle and high classes live walled of the rest of the people and this have been the case since the columbian exchange , the highest risk with the cartel situation is that a lot of rich and not so rich people get kidnapped for a ransom , the poor can continue to kill itself and the government nor the rich would care and much less do anything about it , the drug trade was n't even an issue in the 2012 election . 
  visit mexico city , it 's 2300mt over sea level . 
  you can climb the highest volcano in mexico 5.300 mt the paricut\u00edn in puebla , and there 's also the barrancas del cobre , which is the southern part of the grand canyon , but bigger , and there 's also a train route that traverses the mountain range , this is in chihuahua , next to the us . 
  in michoac\u00e1n and m\u00e9xico state ~ 3400mt during the winter ( nov-feb ) there are the monarch butterflies that fly all the way from canada and northern united states to reproduce and die in the mountains . 
  it 's kinf of cold but very beautiful to see . 
  there 's also in baja california , there 's the national park san pedro martir where at the top of one mountain there 's an observatory , it is at 3000mt , and you go from sea level in 1 hour , you see the scenery change from a desertic one to one of a pine forest in a few minutes , also the temperature drops like a rock , it 's weird but incredible at the same time , and also there 's no one around , so i recommend doing this . 
  also from the top of the mountains in a good day , you can see the pacific on one side and the gulf of california to the other side , it 's pretty cool , also during winter it snows there a lot . 
  im sure there are , but the truth is that the general population do n't drink wine even once a week , and also for some reason i found mexican wine to be too sweet , not all but most were , but lets be honest here , mexico is not known as a wine producing country , i think that a couple of generations are needed to even get renowned wines . 
  also because the weather is completely different to europe , in mexico i think it 's hard to get good produce for wine . 
  i mean very wet cold winters , and mostly dry hot summers , in most of mexico it rains during the summer and during the winter it 's only mildly cold and it doesnt rain during winter , this is why i find the weather in mexico to be much better than what i 've seen in europe , but this is why there 's not much wheat production in mexico as well as raisins , and other mediterranean crops . 
  thanks for the recommendation i would try to check it out next time i 'm in mexico but i do n't expect to be easy to find it . 
  i 've been there , there 's also another wine region in quer\u00e9taro fyi . 
  but i think that the valle de guadalupe has a bit of a problem with water scarcity , i live in the loire valley and i 've seen how droughts affect negatively wine quality . 
  wine in general is not a thing in mexico , also unless it 's imported it 's not very good . 
  i live in france , the other day i was told that wife beaters ( sleeveless t-shirt ) are considered to be gay , is this true ? 
  is this the case in other countries ? 
  also notice the electric meter , it 's not the analog from the cfe, 
  it 's not only in castillian , it 's in the whole spanish speaking world ( including mexico ) , it was written like that until a reform from the real academia espa\u00f1ola . 
  argentinians also do this , but it 's just come accros as ignorant/rude but nothing grave , only dumb people get angry by this . 
  we have enjoyed visa free travel to most if not all european countries for over a decade , so we 're ahead into the eu anyways, 
  the cars are bigger in the other side of the atlantic , if people are not as talkative this is not a bad thing im just talking from personal experience of how people live , im not saying its bad or anything no need to get angry or defensive . 
  this is true for the american continent in europe people do n't speak to strangers, 
  he helped the movements of independence in latin america by waving war with spain , so positive . 
  i think later he stableshed an empire in mexico city but did n't last long lol, 
  idk why but gallegos are the dumb people in a lot of jokes in latin america, 
  hahaha have you looked at the western emisfere ? 
  they are french tho , right ? 
  i would propose / r/es , it 's pretty much dead . 
  after living 2 years in spain , politics is one of the things that spain resemble the most to latin america , even if they say it ai n't so . 
  and also how corporatist some politicians are . 
  it 's a stupid strategy , it will turn it into a national case and the finns will be more in favor of the law regardless if they initially supported it lol, 
  we were under the so called ` perfect dictatorship ' . 
  it was more thanks to napoleon, 
  m\u00e9xico is in north america ... 
  we are the sons of the conquistadores the natives were mostly killed and those who are left are still very marginalized . 
  what he 's trying to say is that the extractive nepotist economy that was implemented during the virreinato still . 
  exist to an extent , since no one pays taxes the government can get away with corruption and nepotism , which leaves a very underserved poor class . 
  why people migrate is not that simple but one of the biggest draws is that the south west of the united states is a lot like mexico and has a very strong community to support new migrants . 
  also this circle jerk of empires is really dumb given that whats left of the empire is getting smaller and smaller, 
  i 'm sorry to have descended into your nationalistic circlejerk . 
  also pensions do not count into fdi unless they are actually investing in a country , which would be crazy . 
  and in real life does not happen , i was just pointing something out sorry . 
  yes the netherlands has big companies but it is also part of a tax efficiency scheme , fiat-chrysler is a ` dutch ' company for this very same reason, 
  so you have more money in pensions and companies than spain , italy , germany and the uk , while having a national gdp significantly lower than any of those countries ?? 
  i 'm sorry i did n't know the netherlands was the biggest economic power in europe , or are those other countries lagging behind in foreign investment because you 're all so smart ? 
  this reflects tax efficiency structures by multinationals , this is also the case in latin america, 
  to be fair , international calls and roaming data has been free in north america ( nafta countries ) way before it was in europe . 
  also movement of labor is useless if every country has its own language , the local language acts as a barrier to entry into the labor market, 
  they put very high barriers to trade lol . 
  so there are very few production lines in the countries . 
  you guys are having your worst recession in years , mexico is actually having some mediocre growth as always , it 's not that good of a hand . 
  however it would be nice to unite the biggest economies in latin america by far , maybe this could be something like a more fun version of the franco-german relationship , but our countries are a joke when it comes to planning for the future . 
  latin america is not a region , there are basically no economic links withing countries ( even regions within countries , the south in mexico , the north/north east in brazil for example ) . 
  the same economic system established during the colonial times , is still there , an economy of resource extraction and nepotism . 
  that is why there are barely any physical links between countries , and there are much better roads and train to the ports . 
  if you look at trade within latin america is a meagre ~ 10 % of the region 's gdp , and that number within the european union is around 40 % . 
  the same is the case within asia . 
  south america is not equivalent to latin america , this is something that a lot of europeans do n't know , nobody cares anyways . 
  there is not an equivalent of the european union within latin america , mercosur whas treated as a political tool undier the kichners in argentina , and lula and rousseff did nothing to defend the free trade spirit of mercosur . 
  the pacific alliance seems to be going nowhere , and like everything in latin america , it will depend mostly in the political wishes of the current party in power if it wishes to have more of an integration . 
  if you thing that the european union is a mess , a latin american equivalent would be akin to putting together 15 donald trumps to agree on something . 
  after all he 's a [ latin american populist ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/01/26/trump-is-the-u-s-s-first-latin-american-president/?utm_term=.2fc57d541c81 ), 
  chile will soon catch up to them, 
  i have both , the canadian visa asks for much more stuff than the american one ... too bad i do n't need it to enter canada anymore, 
  you have to at least look at the growth rate , https://data.oecd.org/mexico.htm , sure trump is n't going to help ( specially politcally since maybe the country will elect some idiot nationalist like trump that would not help ) , however if trump actually creates growth in the us mexico will grow too . 
  the currency is going to the shitter tho , but that would make exports more competitive which would not help trump 's case . 
  lastly you have too look at the demographics , mexico and most of latin america is much younger than europe , 27 years on average , vs 43 or something in spain , therefore as people enter their more productive years the economy will grow , barring a major cathastrophe . 
  also the salaries in spain for professionals are almost on the same level than those in mexico lol . 
  it 's a gallic language , but italian and french are very related , however the pronunciation of french is not like any other romance language , so italian is brought up more often . 
  there are a lot of loan words from castillian now , that it 's hard to understand catalan if you only know french , same if you only know castillian ( spanish ), 
  you do n't look like a moron , otherwise other spanish speakers would look like a moron when they speak their spanish . 
  you should see the many definitions for beans , or some vegetables that had their origins in the americas , it 's enlightening . 
  false , it 's spaniards that refer to neighbourhoods as barrios , in latin america they are called `` colonias '' . 
  in mexican spanish ( coloquial ) barrio means gang . 
  in france it 's usually more , for professionals :(, 
  jajaja you must be new to reddit hahahahah, 
  i 'm mexican , also living in france , i do speak french tho , and i 've found the spanish student visa to be worse due to the fact that i had to take a coprofilic ? 
  test . 
  also bureaucracy in europe in general , is really hard on everyone here even if you speak the language . 
  also since migrants do n't vote you get really cumbersome services, 
  i found the stadium experience to be really mild and boring , even if in mexico its not like in argentina but i never saw any violence in the euros or fcb . 
  i lived in spain , and now france and this is very common , since there are n't many big mugs around . 
  to be fair small hatchbacks in mexico are made for a different kind of buyer ( first time buyers , the young ) with even smaller engines , however i just cant get over the design , which is the same even if inside the cars are a bit better here . 
  cars for rich teenagers , public service is so awful in mexico ( and the american continent to be fair ) , and you also risk getting robbed , that people prefer to be stuck in traffic and so buy a car for their young ones . 
  drinking tea or coffee from a bowl .
