  it means that you do n't want a trowel in immediate contact with one of the most important hellenistic period artifacts ever found ? 
  i meant to say that brushing the floor is delicate work , not the whole chamber . 
  that mosaic covers the whole floor ... 
  it 's probably leftover dirt , it takes a lot of time to clear a room full of dirt with a toothbrush . 
  this is why they 're moving so slowly . 
   some observers say the tomb could belong to a member of alexander 's immediate family - maybe his mother , olympias , or his wife , roxana - or another macedonian noble . 
  the bbc and these `` observers '' seem to be a bit off . 
  it is becoming more and more evident that the tomb belongs to a male person of high stature , possibly a king . 
  the fact that he 's depicted wearing a golden laurel wreath like the one found in the tomb of [ phillip ii ] ( http://www.visitgreece.gr/deployedfiles/staticfiles/photos/vergina%20museum%203.jpg ) strenghtens this argument even more . 
  whether it 's alexander the great or not it 's an amazing find . 
  sssshhh , do n't say things like that in public . 
  big brother is watching . 
  yep , a villa with a pool by the sea is the average greek 's dream house . 
  it 's a status symbol that not everyone can afford ofcourse . 
  read the whole conversation dammit :p it was hypothetical . 
  also swimming pools in greece are as useful as refrigerators in antarctica . 
  wtf did i just see ? 
  that 's the point , no taxpayer should be charged for another 's swimming pool bills . 
  but i guess that 's not the case anyway . 
  yes it does , if i 'm gon na be dedicating my life to allah at least i wan na get to pick the hot one . 
  `` such riot . 
  many tear gas . 
  very protest . 
  sure , pork or chicken ? 
  serbian such a beautiful ... language . 
  10/10 would remove kebab with her . 
   what do they need a submarine for ? 
  it 's called obligations towards nato . 
  something that a lot of countries conveniently forget . 
   also , their tiresome obsession with turkey , they had hundreds of names to choose from . 
  ... what ? 
  we 've had a submarine named like that before . 
  it 's a navy tradition . 
  you do if you 're pampered to the point of taking everything for granted . 
  no , that 's cheating . 
   everyone is dreaming of getting a civil-servant position with guaranteed pension and no-real work to do . 
  because a guaranteed pension after working all your life is too much to ask for right ? 
  we should be sending our elders in the mountains to die instead . 
  and civil servants , under normal circumstances , have as much work to do as anyone else , busses do n't drive themselves and power does not magicaly arrive in our homes . 
  corruption in the civil sector is a thing indeed but that does not automaticaly make every civil servant corrupt . 
   education system mass produced masters of everything that are unemployable , but have high expectations ( set by their education and parents ) . 
  that 's the point of getting a deegree ? 
  education is now bad too ? 
   and when you walk around you 'll see small shops and restaurants staffed with more and more people from other countries . 
  next time you see one of these people ask them about how much they make and if they know what insurance is . 
  i see , but why exactly are we trying to attract them ? 
  we 're restoring the eastern roman empire ? 
  cool stuff . 
  that map though ... aparently bulgarians are on their way back to the volga . 
  ... which look like mini b-2s . 
  when it comes to stealth aircraft you do n't realy have a huge leeway in terms of design, 
  it was sarcastic/tongue-in-cheek , read the post i replied to . 
  i actualy meant to say exactly what you did . 
  women always go for the bad boy ? 
  i 'm amazed you managed to stumble upon these guys instead of [ septic flesh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlom58cdyzs ) or [ rotting christ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbr0cs9dd7k ) xd, 
  hey !, 
  no peeking at lyrics.com, 
  and duchebags greece and spain recognise nobody :p, 
  `` fabulous '' is a more fitting word . 
  we do n't have different words for moldavia and moldova either . 
  but then again we still call france `` gallia '' . 
  have you never heard [ musica ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p06kyfpiqu ) ? 
  it was on every radio a couple of years ago . 
  ( nevermind , i just re-read what you typed , i 'm leaving the song here though :p ), 
  no , but we have to register our sim cards . 
  we 're sending our stockpilled landmines [ to bulgaria for dismantling ] ( http://reliefweb.int/report/greece/greece-destroys-over-50000-landmines ) and we 're probably getting other types of explosives from them as part of the agreement . 
  the article is a bit abstract . 
  that 's why i 'm on #teambatman . 
  france , sweden , italy , spain , greece and switzerland walk into a drone ... 
  it 's not considered abnormal at all but it also depends on the type of work . 
  for example stores in greece close down from 14:30 till 17:00 during the summer period , because people at are home having lunch/napping and the streets are mostly empty anyway . 
  other types of businesses go on as usual . 
  nowadays it 's more of a cultural/practical habit but it started for a reason . 
  sadly , modern society sometimes forgets about the human factor ... 
  only tourists love summer . 
  there is nothing fun about working under 40\u00bac :p, 
  greek public servants . 
  the definition of barbarism xd, 
  still practised in greece ( at least in theory ) , not exclusively because of malaria but mostly because our climate does n't always hinder their multiplication . 
  sometimes when we get a mild winter they are active all through the year in some places . 
  `` join the royal marines they said , see the world they said . 
  i 'd rather blow my own brains out . '', 
  25 % is more or less the percentage of people living in central athens and piraeus . 
  it makes sense . 
  it 's part of living the real greek experience and the pirate 's life . 
  we actualy charge extra for that 8 ), 
  they 're chargin ' their lazorz !, 
   extreme left-wing imperialists only in russia . 
  i do n't want to rain on your parade but ... we have assault rifles now . 
  we still use winged horses from time to time though . 
  so you do n't mind if they , say , bomb a school but you would mind if the golden dawn bashed their heads afterwards ? 
   the aforementioned ammunition includes bullets for kalashnikov firearms confiscated by greek authorities . 
  they are not state-owned weapons , but have filtered into greece from eastern countries . 
  so we throw our confiscated junk from the russian mafia back into the market and it makes us look good at the same time . 
  take notes on efficiency germany !, 
  i 'd rather disembark in cyprus than drown tbh ... 
  the next ones will probably be left to drown now . 
  turkey pls, 
  we were `` saved '' by greek conscripts that had to keep fighting for 5 more years after ww2 was over . 
  the west just provided the bullets .
