  you ca n't pull that off with a scottish # 20 note though :(, 
  so i looked it up because it intrigued me as well . 
  according to babiniotis ( most respected modern greek linguist ) the word 's origins are homeric and the original meaning was `` to frighten the enemy by brandishing spears '' . 
  one can never be 100 % certain about the origin of such archaic terms though . 
  greek cuisine most bestest and diverse , can make book taste good with extra virgin olive oil !, 
  not like italian two trick pony malaka !, 
  the only tacky guy is the one in the suit , what kind of battle attire is this ? 
  that would give my children a weak claim to the ottoman throne when the old man croaks though . 
  as a greek living in scotland i can relate 100 % . 
  looking like cheetos is not sexy . 
  there 's around 500-600 calories in an average souvlaki pita , that 's about 10 times more than what you 'd burn in 10-15 minutes of passive sex ( which is what you 're getting from a cheap prostitute ) . 
  best macedonia and fake macedonia can not exist in the same place simultaneously , that would create a rip in the space-time continuum and end the world as we know it . 
  and visit a traditional taverna only to find more fish and chips under different names . 
  poor baguette pilots :(, 
  damned if you push them back to turkey , damned if you give them a free ride to europe . 
  the feelings of the greek coast guard in a nutshell . 
  according to our resident francophone moderator , his exact words were : '' * pas de vin ? 
  you 're starting to sound like varoufakis now mate :p, 
   when the first caveman exchanged a clamshel he found for another caveman 's handmade club , capitalism was born . 
  this sounds more like anarcho-syndicalism tbh . 
  no currency or third parties involved , direct exchange of labour . 
  it 's different from place to place really . 
  my home back in greece is on the southern suburbs of athens between the sea and mount hymettus , when the wind blows from the south it feels like a swamp . 
  then again i 'm the guy who always bitches and moans about the heat and is best friends with his ac . 
  the heat . 
  too late , got any tissues brah ? 
  instructions unclear . 
  arms broken . 
  typing with feet hard . 
  landlocked kings ... ? 
  not any more , they were moved to mariupol 100 years ago . 
  strange , i thought exactly the same . 
  i bet you 'd like that huh ? 
  that would be absurd !, 
  what if a turk suddenly comes to steal my favourite goat ? 
  how would i defend myself and dear marika ? 
  looks right to me !, 
  it sounds silly but i feel the same way , i really enjoy how tranquil and special sundays feel with stores closed , it helps me relax . 
   so it 's not incest . 
  / r/crusaderkings triggered, 
  it 's not very effective ... 
  are you seriously getting triggered by youtube comments ? 
  you 'll find more sense in a mental asylum . 
  but then we 'll all move to sweden ... 
  what 's `` concerned citizens '' supposed to mean ? 
  just call them neo-nazis . 
  i 've never seen any other greeks randomly throwing salutes . 
  well yeah but particularities aside mussolini and metaxas were very close ideologically . 
  their main difference was that italian fascism was expansionist while our `` fascism '' was more inwards looking . 
  i 'm not trying to judge the man , 2016 morals do n't really apply to the 1930 's imo , but that 's who he was . 
  regardless of his ideology he must have been a very intelligent person and soldier , he was one of the few people to speak against the anatolian campaign of 1919-1922 , correctly predicting that it would lead us to national catastrophe and he had defencive plans prepared against a northern invasion long before wwii . 
  huh , interesting !, 
  til, 
  here you go [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8jzusxs0gu ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9m0tpquuag ) [ 3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r90sdr0jvyw ) warning : glorious 1940 's recording quality . 
  to be historically fair we were not fighting against the fascists , as our government at the time was fascist as well . 
  we fought against the axis . 
  maybe because they speak and look funny and other greeks perceived them as slow ? 
  or according to another popular explanation they made them up themselves to hold on to their roots and culture . 
  they are either 2 liners or short stories featuring yorikas and costicas ( george and constantine in pontic greek ) . 
  for example : - why do pontians leave the door open when they go to the toilet ? 
  - so no one peeps through the keyhole . 
  i can recite at least like half a dozen jokes about albanians off the top of my head , you need to get out more xd i think albanians are second to pontic greeks though . 
   greeks and byzantines are two completely seperate entities . 
  errr not exactly , on every aspect , except political , modern greek culture is a direct continuation of ( late ) byzantine culture . 
  when the greeks were fighting for their independence in the early 19th century they still reffered to themselves as romans . 
  it was always too decentralised for that , i ca n't really imagine slavic tribals assaulting the walls of jerusalem because the patriarch said so . 
  but what 's the target duchy your holiness ? 
  how i 'm supposed to raise the levies if i do n't have a target ? 
  and yet our `` poor crippled self '' posseses more brainpower than the entire animal kingdom combined and could eradicate any other species on a whim ... well except maybe cockroaches . 
  and most fab, 
  growing up in an athenian suburb i 've never even seen a swede up close :p, 
  what if the butt is the catapult ? 
  yeah it 's a cute/playful way to reffer to an ass , the more vulgar term is `` colos '', 
  we do have a few active volcanoes but even the most brilliant greco-roman engineers could n't make the butt catapult work :( i guess these aztecs were more advanced than we originally thought . 
  that roughly translates to `` butt catapelt '' in greek , sounds like a fitting name for a volcano . 
  the dude at 1:27 nailed it, 
  we need to double our efforts and increase our burger consumption , we ca n't always expect ` murica to save the world for us . 
  we would not start a war because it would be a pointless waste of lives and resources . 
  even if we were to win said war we would gain absolutely nothing . 
  now you got me thinking ... what would an orthodox fundamentalist state look like ? 
  i think there 's something wrong with the roads in general . 
  i 'm not sure about southern greece but a part of via egnatia in macedonia is definitely missing . 
  just ignore these unwashed barbarians bro , they hate us cuz they ai n't us fam, 
  eh , we still bake pies dedicated to st. phanourios and eat them ourselves :d greek orthodoxy is riddled with old hellenistic rituals under the surface . 
  most sacrificed animals were cooked and eaten on the spot , you ca n't realy compare the two . 
  zeus was a white bull in the myth , the one depicted is clearly harambe in bull form . 
  naples and alexandria too . 
  make the mediterranean hellenistic again !, 
  oh , he 's the `` respect the robot '' guy . 
  i get it now . 
  because you got it in a bundle for 50 cents like the rest of us :p, 
  rapes and affairs have existed in every human society since the dawn of time , plenty of fathers have raised children that were not biologicaly their own and yes apostasy was a punishable offence , sometimes even by death . 
  what is it that you 're finding untrue ? 
  they 're all facing the wrong way . 
  i 'm not very well versed in genetics but turks are not semites either so how is that related ? 
  and why does it exist in italy if it 's related to the ottomans ? 
  first of all turkish or turkified named like `` aslanidis '' or `` demirtzoglou '' are not uncommon in greece , especially in families of anatolian or pontic ancestry . 
  secondly i ca n't see many greeks having turkish ancenstry ( outside of rape and secret romances which certainly happened ) when conversion from islam to christianity was forbidden and greek converts to islam were no longer considered greeks . 
  glorious greece showing the world how things are done once again !, 
   all of us were shooting and adult movie with explicit homosexual content for some extra cash .
