  and then you have to consider that different countries play by different rules . 
  imagine a government assigning construction works to companies employing indentured servants from bangladesh in order to cut costs . 
  this would be perceived as a corruption scandal in france while it 's perfectly legal in qatar . 
  france and qatar score exactly the same . 
  i took my german lessons in polandball :(, 
  jokes are forbidden during working hours , very unordnung !, 
  what is tax ? 
  ^ sch\u00e4uble ^ do n't ^ hurt ^ me, 
  and the other parties involved in the civil war are sunday school boy scouts / s. 
  the restabilisation of syria under assad ( russia 's aim ) is not ideal but it 's definitely better , for our interests , than a never-ending civil war . 
  only in this case russia 's interests happen to coincide with ours . 
  when you typed it in latin i realised that the greek and romance terms evolved from the same [ pie root ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/appendix:proto-indo-european/b%ca%b0ewg - ) . 
  pretty cool . 
  on paper this is correct but their actual spoken dialect is quite different . 
  i guess the same goes for others , like germany/austria etc. 
  in layman terms , it 's when you b\u00f6rk and somebody b\u00f6rks right back at you !, 
  it 's perfect ... like chocolate with wings . 
  we never had aks in the army , maybe you 're thinking of cyprus ? 
  they use ak74s along with g3s iirc . 
  thanks for the nice read , much appreciated . 
  technically the rifle already fits our demands , it 's just old , slightly unwieldy because of it 's length and heavier than more modern rifles . 
  but it works well . 
  `` heavy '' or `` shock '' cavalry mostly reffers to their role in the battlefield rather than the weight of their armor . 
  as i understand it they would charge head-on and break enemy lines , much like medieval knights or cataphracts , rather than scout , harass and pursue which was what light cavalry was used for . 
  this is still the case . 
  there was a project to test and evaluate possible replacements for the g3 a few years back but it was scrapped due to budget constraints . 
  it definately looks impractical but then again heavy cavarly is all about the shock factor . 
  historically most heavy cavalrymen were plumed up like male peackocks in heat . 
  these things look like they could catch a spear and dismount you though . 
  `` hey abdull , i 'm also on my way to sweden , do you have any space in that dinghy ? 
  what do you mean i ca n't bring my gyros because it 's haram ?! '', 
  cloudy with a chance of anschluss ? 
  no one 's saying anything bad about you sifi , put your grandpa 's musket down . 
  europe in a nutshell . 
  drowning is still asphyxiation . 
  just to clarify , i 'm talking about economic immigrants , not genuine refugees . 
  while i 'm not an expert on international law , i can deduct that there are certain incentives for them to risk their lives in order to reach these countries . 
  the blame is not entirely on them , i 'm certain that a lot of people in the eu are profiting from cheap , black labor . 
  we have to clean up our own house as well . 
  how the hell do we still have monarchies in europe then ? 
  checkmate atheists !, 
  real life tetris , now we need a second group to form a square . 
  you know what 's easier , cheaper and more politically corrent ? 
  cut the incentives in the final destination countries . 
  that contraption probably doubles as a portable moonshine raki distillery . 
  good old balkan engineering . 
  you 're dating the same chick . 
  you 're thinking in terms of a european nation-state . 
  the post-ottoman borders in the middle east were arbitrarily drawn by the winners of ww1 with no regards to ethnic and religious compositions of the newborn countries . 
  what you have now , without a dictator keeping the coutry in place , is a bunch of tribal militias vying for power and driving weaker groups of people out at gunpoint . 
  so you 're saying that a handful of ultra-religious crazies , mostly minding their own business , are holding us back then ? 
  did anyone try to make them ? 
  that is the real question . 
  these pilgrimages must hurt you right in the lenin huh ? 
  now make the world 's biggest spanakopita to celebrate !, 
  oh you 're talking about chios in particular ? 
  that might be the case then , i 've never been there . 
  we mostly drink it at home along with meals , we do n't party hard with it . 
  look under the tables . 
  you better not be opressing them . 
  we suspect she 's actually cerberus disguised as a human female . 
  but we have no work and germoney will not gib more potato :(, 
  the rest will be arriving shortly !, 
  half alone , it 's `` kaseri '' in macedonia and thrace . 
  `` tiri '' is only used for white cheeses there . 
  do you remember the kids that used to throw rocks at stray cats for giggles ? 
  some of them grew up to be rich . 
  in an alternative universe where greece can into nordic and bullies plebs to pay dembt !, 
  we smoke to forget . 
  i still feel bad for nedved in that game : /, 
  for starters , it allowed foreign troops to stay on the island with intervention rights . 
  would you accept that in your country ? 
  would anyone accept that in their country ? 
  i like ottoman marches and classical music , it 's my dirty secret . 
  an \u03a9 shaped cookie , 
  it 's \u03a6\u03ce\u03ba\u03b9\u03b1 with an omega , you 're all misspelling it !, 
  it 's probably the thick l that makes people say that . 
  got ta catch em ` all !, 
  british missiles ca n't melt haloumi cheese , wake up sheeple !, 
  foreplay is the best play , insert kebab !, 
  quick , change your flair to puerto rico !, 
  they wo n't notice !, 
  i choose palermo , i hear they make you offers you ca n't refuse . 
  the clash of civilizations is a prejudiced piece of junk . 
  grouping the entire islamic world together , for example , is a dead giveaway . 
  i 'm having a really hard time spotting the cultural similarities between turks and somalis . 
  this is the true material of dank memes . 
  technically they are working . 
  performing is a legitimate way of making a living . 
  not everyone dreams of owning multibillion corporations , 
  i 've heard these stories too , we were on opposing sides for too long and that breeds mistrust for sure . 
  we had similar issues when trying to send stuff to our relatives in plovdid ( most of my family came to greece with the population exchanges but a few stayed back ) , one of them even got arrested for espionage . 
  we should write a book about this but we 're going to need more sex . 
  the `` friendly greeks '' you 're getting were probably spat on by the same people . 
  the entitled fucks that exploited cheap labor are too useless to migrate anyway . 
  spot on , 
  signs from the gods can be interpreted both ways , that 's why the oracle was always right . 
  if you 're looking for exact numbers it 's around 26 \u00b0 c in athens right now . 
  can we have guns too ? 
  if so this is what i 'm voting for in the referendum .
