lol no , not at all . 
  i was just talking about vice documentaries in general , not only about this particular one . 
   i 'm sure most decent people prefer junkies and anarchists in their neighborhoods to fascists in their neighborhoods . 
  most decent people preffer other decent people . 
  a fascist will kill you because you 're gay , a junkie will kill you because he 's out for money for his fix . 
  the result is the same . 
   lso , when the greek police tried encouraging drug-dealers to sell their poison in exarcheia citation ? 
   do you like people pressing against you in crowds ? 
  sometimes \u0295\u0298\u0305\u035c\u0298\u0305\u0294, 
  i 'm more concerned about his clothes thrown all over the place , it 's like the photographer caught him in the middle of a powerfap session . 
  exactly the same situation here . 
  personally i find the whole process completely pointless . 
  the over-romanticizing of extreme leftists , junkies and anarchists on vice makes me fucking sick . 
  neither side is without sins . 
  better hide yo ' debts . 
  stop complaining , we 've lost around 2000 . 
   the last time someone tried to bring peace , he was removed . 
  :( fify, 
  finaly a guy that gets it . 
  meatless fasolada is for peasants !, 
  according to continental history books it 's the other way around . 
  mmm pretty colors * drools *, 
  just when we 're beginning to stabilize . 
  god help us . 
  my memories pre '91 are realy vague but i do remember some things distinctly . 
  there was a major american base near my town and the whole town center was filled with american style caf\u00e9s , burger joints , bars and drunk military personnel occasionaly brawling with locals and each other . 
  ofcourse i was too young to know the political background behind this charade . 
  then came the collapse of the eastern block and all kinds of people starting pouring in from our northern borders . 
  that was quite a shock for greek society which was n't used to the concept of immigrants in general . 
  people went paranoid and started barring themselves in during the night and blaming everything on those `` damn starving barbarians '' . 
  i also remember the colapse of yugoslavia quite vividly , it was a bigger deal than the collapse of the rest of the eastern block here , due to them being our neighbours . 
  all in all the cold war has left quite a scar here , due to the civil war and the 7 year junta regime . 
  people still hold grudges over ideology to this day . 
  wait ... how do you sell a forest ? 
  whenever i watch videos from russian dashcams i get the impression that the whole country is high as fuck . 
  do n't use the `` l '' word ffs . 
  i get panic attacks . 
  i would if i could . 
  with the crack included ofcourse . 
  half the money up front or no deal . 
  he 's gon na build ugly palaces in our clay ? 
  i think it 's problem with baba and penis . 
  that 's the exception that proves the rule . 
  we failed once in 2500 years and now you have to deal with erdogan :p, 
  saving dem yurops since 490 b.c. 
  glad to be of service . 
  i can confirm i 've never gotten a receipt when buying weed from albanian roma . 
  too bad the caliph position is taken though :(, 
  so poetic :'), 
  * remove cheeseburger , remove cheeseburger !, 
  * * you are the worst food !, 
  * * remove cheeseburger !, 
  * * i make you go kaput !, 
  sad but true . 
  hahahaha you cought me , i 'm the biggest dish breaker there is :p, 
  to be fair , he did make a city out of a poor goatherder 's village . 
  too bad otto 's peepee did n't work . 
  ( i suppose that 's what he meant , because he had to burn munich to the ground to do it the other way around ;d ), 
  we just added 100 % more haram . 
  it actualy tastes good now . 
  did n't go so well last time we tried ... 
  14 wages ? 
  this is 2008 :p ( well it 's technicaly 14 here as well but christmas and summer wages have been halved ), 
  this is exactly why i do n't want to get into that kind of conversation . 
  opinions are like aholes , 
  de facto it 's a colony/puppet but let 's not get into that kind of conversation . 
  i might have come across as lecturing you but this is not `` what i want '' to call it , this is ehat the eu calls it . 
  this is why the whole island is highlighted instead of only the greek-speaking part . 
  `` listen to that bazooka music gordon ! '', 
  there is no `` southern part '' , it 's a single country with a portion of it 's territory , that only turkey recognises as an independent state , under occupation . 
  yep , you nailed it . 
   2 ) in greece , the same people ( those that are hated ) are elected over and over again and they will again be elected . 
  quote me on that . 
  because there is a very specific group of politicians that possess the capital and the connections to run for high offices . 
  you either vote of them or some obscure green party that gets a grand total of 2k votes and can not represent your interests in any way . 
  p.s i guess i did quote you on that , literally xd, 
  [ meanwhile in greece ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/75778871@n06/14065276117 ) are we doing it right guys ? 
  opressed minority detected ... is comrade putin still in serbia ? 
  but seriously now ... what does the greek minority in albania have to do with the drone strike in belgrade ? 
  both matches between greece and albania in the 2006 wc qualifiers looked like sunday school compared to this :p there was some provocation by both sides but this always the case between neighbouring countries in these parts . 
  banning is pretty much self-explanatory , no recognition means that we pretend homosex does not exist and look the other way ^ ^_^, 
  and then find a nice shade and take a nap for a couple of hours to digest it properly ... what was the sacrifice about again ? 
  sometimes when we 're stuck in the traffic we pray to hermes for winged tires ... 
  damn ... and we just found out 2 years later from wikipedia . 
  aparently nothing gets reported on greek news casts unless it 's about debts or riots . 
  this is so wrong ... 
  historians were reporting the existance of the tomb until the 16th century or so . 
  this is not disputed . 
  what is desputed is the actual identity of the body buried inside . 
  was it realy him or was it a ptolemaic publicity stunt ? 
  priests are allowed to marry , monks are not . 
  i think we win . 
  we have an actual mini theocracy within our borders :p well maybe italy can top us . 
  according to the most popular version of history yes . 
  it was mummified and put on display in alexandria . 
  ofcourse , but it 's one of the argead characteristics that we have hard evidence about . 
  this particular tomb does n't look epirotan or thracian so far , unless there is a crazy plot twist further on . 
  well even though i 've been to some digsites as a volunteer , my historical knowledge is definately better than my archaeological . 
  that could be the case there . 
  or it could be something else that we do n't know because we 're not on the spot .
