  how is it propaganda when it 's historical facts ? 
  our problem in the balkans is that we all consider ourselves victims and the rest some boogey men that want to erase our chosen race . 
  and how was the second balkan war unjust ? 
  bulgaria was the aggressor , they gambled and lost . 
  greece did the exact same thing in asia minor . 
  i was aware that his family has roots in the greek part but not of the details . 
  what do you think he gains by antagonizing greece , apart from the nationalist 's votes , though ? 
  would n't business be easier if we had better relations ? 
  not that business is bad as it is but it has to be kept undercover , it 's bad pr . 
  ofcourse , i did not imply that wars have never been fought in the americas . 
  what i meant to say is that the colonial powers wiped out or assimilated the old nations and divided the land at leisure . 
  borders were clear cut . 
  in 19th century europe , with the rise of nationalism , that was not the case . 
  when the greeks declared their independence they grabbed whatever they could afford to grab . 
  edit : there is not indication that alexander considered the southerners uncivilized peasants btw , he was tutored by one . 
  achilles was his personnal hero and idol . 
  the difference between the americas and europe is that borders over there were drawn based on colonial contracts , borders over here were drawn based on spilled blood and ethnic cleansing . 
  greeks can not get rid his legacy even if we tried to . 
  he started the hellenistic era and he is the reason that latin never took hold over greek in the east . 
  he could be ethnic martian for all that matters . 
  north macedonians i suppose . 
  the current situation is bad for parties tbh . 
  it makes you like fools and us like bullies . 
  you make it sound like the bulgarians were innocent little butterflies . 
  everyone commited ethnic displacements . 
  in fact my own family on my father 's side was displaced from bulgaria . 
  and then there 's also this : the bulgarian army entered greece on 20 april 1941 on the heels of the wehrmacht without having fired a shot and eventually occupied the whole of northeastern greece , eastern macedonia and western thrace , except for the evros prefecture , at the border with turkey , which was occupied by the germans . 
  unlike germany and italy , bulgaria officially annexed the occupied territories , which had long been a target of bulgarian irredentism , on 14 may 1941 . 
  [ 24 ] throughout the bulgarian zone , bulgarian policy was that of extermination or expulsion , [ 25 ] aiming to forcibly bulgarize as many greeks as possible and expel or kill the rest . 
  [ 26 ] a massive bulgarisation campaign was launched , which saw all greek officials ( mayors , school-teachers , judges , lawyers , priests , gendarmes ) deported . 
  a ban was placed on the use of the greek language , the names of towns and places changed to the forms traditional in bulgarian . 
  [ 24 ] even gravestones bearing greek inscriptions were defaced . 
  [ 27 ] the bulgarian government tried to alter the ethnic composition of the region , by expropriating land and houses from greeks in favor of bulgarian settlers , and by the introduction of forced labor and of economic restrictions for the greeks in an effort to force them to migrate to the german and italian-occupied parts of greece . 
  [ 24 ] thus greeks were deprived of the right to work by a license system that banned the practice of a trade or profession without permission . 
  forced labor was introduced , and the authorities confiscated the greek business property and gave it to bulgarian colonists . 
  [ 26 ] a spontaneous and badly organized uprising around drama in late september 1941 was violently crushed by the bulgarian army . 
  [ 24 ] by late 1941 , more than 100,000 greeks had been expelled from the bulgarian occupation zone . 
  [ 28 ] [ 29 ] bulgarian colonists were encouraged to settle in macedonia by government credits and incentives , including houses and land confiscated from the natives . 
  bulgarian propaganda tried to win the loyalty of the slavic-speakers , while some of them did greet the bulgarians as liberators . 
  this campaign was less successful in german-held western macedonia . 
  [ 30 ] at that time most of them felt themselves to be bulgarians . 
  [ 31 ] the german high command approved the foundation of a bulgarian military club in thessaloniki . 
  the bulgarians organized supplying of food and provisions for the slavic-speaking population in greek macedonia , aiming to gain the local population that was in the german - and italian-occupied zones . 
  the bulgarian clubs soon started to gain support among parts of that population . 
  in 1942 , the bulgarian club asked assistance from the high command in organizing armed units among the slavic-speaking population in northern greece . 
  for this purpose , the bulgarian army sent a handful of officers to the zones occupied by the italian and german troops . 
  these officers were given the objective to form armed slavophone militias , ohrana , whose initial detachments were formed in 1943 in the districts of kastoria , edessa and florina . 
  macedonia was one of those post-ottoman fuckups in the balkans and tito finished the job . 
  what 's done can not be undone and i get it , they need an identity to keep the country together . 
  imo the best chance to settle the dispute was when greece agreed to the name `` republic of north macedonia '' but gruevski turned it down and kept building his alexander statues all over skopje . 
  from a political pov that 's as far as a greek potician will ever go , any further concessions and he 'd have to get a facelift and move to brazil . 
  i hereby nominate armenia and azerbaijan for honorary balkanites !, 
  me neither , i think the lizardpeople are after my karma :(, 
  polan can into house of kurwa ? 
  i was thinking : `` i do n't want to set the balkans on fire , i just want to remove a little kebab ... '', 
  bottlecaps . 
  well , that 's one way to solve the dispute ... 
  my grandma has an interesting pov that i more or less agree with . 
  even if you do n't believe in god or the church you can still pay your respects to jesus as an enlightened man and a teacher . 
  2000 years ago in the middle east he said `` let him who is without sin cast the first stone '' , you ca n't argue with these ethics . 
  ironically enough women are still getting stoned to death in the middle east . 
  can armenia use the infallibility of the pope as grounds for recognition now ? 
  oppressed minority detected , initiating freedomization protocol \u250c ( \u2580 \u0139\u032f \u2580 - \u0360 ) \u2510, 
  happy easter , watch your cholesterol now boys !, 
  basketball by far . 
  followed by volleyball and water polo . 
  avoiding getting in wars you can not win is exactly why you maintain a defence force . 
  war is not a video game that you can win with zerg rushes . 
  you 're right , i should n't talk until i 've been a redditor for 20 years with over 300 confirmed kills and training in guerilla warfare . 
  you see that 's the fucking problem , you 're confusing the internet with real life . 
  just because i 'm posting with a greek flair does not mean that i suddely have a special relationship with russia . 
  in fact i did n't even vote for the current government nor do i fully support all their policies . 
  it 's my personal opinion , not some hidden agenda . 
  and you have inside information because you ... oh wait you do n't . 
  i did n't fall for anything , i 'm just tired of / r/europe becoming / r/fuckrussia . 
  it was way different when i first subbed but i guess an external boogey man is the oldest trick in the book to karmawhore . 
  i would have never guessed that most of the world is pro-argentina when the islanders have voted in favor of the status quo themselves ... how does that make sense ? 
   the icon was stolen by a nazi officer when greece was under german occupation in the second world war , and was recently bought by an unidentified russian man from the officer 's descendants . 
  which makes germany the thugs in your own words ( even though it was actualy private property and no one expects germany to track down and return every stolen artifact from ww2 , that would be impossible ) . 
  do you guys even read the articles before copy-pasting your anti-russian bullshit ? 
  it 's got more of a bready texture . 
  maybe this is the reason we 've hidden the rest in drawers . 
  we invented the salad , all salads are greek . 
  / end argument, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  it 's like polandball ... without the balls . 
  i looked at the comments for my daily dose of remove/defend kebab . 
  youtube delivered once again . 
  dayum ... and all we get is regular dyed eggs . 
  everyone likes free money , money from russia is anything but free though . 
  but modern politics is also partly a work of entertainment . 
  bread and games and all that . 
  i loved the art style . 
  and i learned a couple of things , 
  `` the orb\u00e1ns : penetrating mighty yurop since 1453 '', 
  interesting and relevant fact that people seem to forget : greece , like the rest of southern europe at the time , was under a germanophile military dictatorship when it entered wwii . 
  the civil war was triggered by the violent repression of the communist party after the war , in fear that greece would align with the east . 
  now in hindsight we know that aligning with the west was much more beneficial to greece in the long run , but that was not the case in 1944 . 
  good thing you guys came around . 
  we were surviving on grass and rocks before \uff08 \u2267 \u25bc \u2266 \uff1b ),
