  i think you are confusing us with the us of a :p, 
  that 's a realy complicated topic . 
  the people we call `` ancient greeks '' today were not a single tribe to begin with but culture is not written in the genes anyway . 
  take an average afro-american back to his ancestor 's tribe in africa and i doubt they 'll find much common ground . 
  '' ... touched by kebab ... '', 
  that 's the opposite of right , unless you 're in the british isles . 
  ( britain , ireland and cyprus ), 
  you sound constipated . 
  you can fit more in there ? 
  not sure if bad sense of humor or ... ? 
  this is one of the most correct and educated posts i 've seen in here . 
  greece is still stuck in the `` early european farmer '' era aparently . 
  our most intricate product is feta cheese . 
  suddenly it all makes sense . 
  and then we 'll all hold hands and jump over a ledge . 
  scotland y u do dis ? 
  scotland pls biblethump, 
  i hope you found plenty of earth and water down there at least . 
  tbh i 'm not sure what i meant either . 
  aparently i had a bit too much wine yesterday . 
  i do love the emoji though , it 's a nice touch xd, 
  i know , but i am still sticking with my explanation . 
  random greek flag at 0:50 . 
  this guy gets who the real winner should have been :p, 
  turkish cuisine is stolen greek dishes with extra sour milk on top ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i 'm not gon na vote for greek because it would be slightly biased . 
  so i 'll also jump in the italy bandwagon . 
  `` pitchfork people '' is a good name for a balkan ska group . 
  remove secular , remove secular . 
  you are the worst greek . 
  then i will rigorously fast and abstain from carnal pleasures for 40 days . 
  everything for my country !, 
   negatively impressive is how greece managed to not give a fuck and spend all the money for three generations within a few decades , which totally destroyed their country in the present . 
  what is this ... i do n't even ... 
  as if the orthodox church would ever accept that homosex is not the work of the devil :p, 
  because they have no choice , it 's either fight them or live in the middle ages . 
  that 's like the pope reinstating the inquisition in 2014 and burning witches in public . 
  since isis is still around i can no longer consider them a bunch of phychos , they are getting support from somewhere and they seem to have enough followers to maintain a real standing army . 
  how long before we get another 9/11 ? 
  the religion of peace strikes again ... 
  too busy watching the basketball world cup atm . 
  they will return to removing next week . 
  sodomy is awesome . 
  balancing pots on your penis not so much . 
  not that i would know ofcourse . 
  italian sounds lovely but it 's spanish that gives me eargasms . 
  beautiful but not a single potato . 
  the latvians are lying to us , the rumor is true . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.stougiannidis.gr/hypoglossal/32_%cf%85%ce%b2%cf%81_%cf%83%ce%b1%cf%84%cf%85%cf%81%ce%bf%cf%82.gif ) usualy works . 
  got ta respect those ancestral traditions . 
  athens is clear boys , back to your coffees !, 
  the first four are cool but ancient greek ? 
  i skipped as many classes as i could afford :p, 
  are you sure it 's still obligatory in cyprus ? 
  you could opt out in greece 10 years ago when i was in school but few people knew about it . 
  it 's not exactly advertised or encouraged . 
  then we should deport them to siberia . 
  they are giving us a good name . 
  good point , why into space when you can into the vatican ? 
  wait what ? 
  did you just call me a commie ? 
  joking aside , the murder example was just an oversimplification on my side . 
  the twelve tables was an attempt at a proto-constitution and has nothing to do with religion or human insticts . 
  the concept of reward or punishment in the afterlife , according to one 's deeds during his time in the mortal realm , still existed in the form of the elysian fields/tartarus . 
  there are also countless mentions of divine punishment in greek myths ( the torture of promitheus for disobeying zeus and providing mortals with sacred fire for example , which is clearly an allegory ofcourse ) . 
  the gods themselves were personifications of human vices and virtues . 
   the code of hammurabi also only mentions the gods in their tasking the rulers of babylon to pacify the world . 
  tbh i 'm not very knowledgeable on babylonian deities and beliefs but i find this part interesting . 
  why in your opinion kings always had to make clear to their people that they ruled by `` grace of god '' ? 
  some even going as far as creating myths about how their bloodline was directly descented from the gods ? 
  my grandma used to tell me not to wander too far away from the neighborhood without an adult because the gypsies would steal my kidneys ... #justeasterneuropeanthings, 
  people in other countries seriously believe that romanians are gypsies ? 
  i though it was an internet joke like `` latvia can not the potato '' . 
  there is no such cliche in greece . 
  i understand the meaning of the word but the essence of religions throughout history is another thing . 
  how would you convince a person not to commit murder before you had the technology to track and prosecute him ? 
  invent a boogeyman in the sky that rains down punishment or the concept of judgement in the afterlife . 
  more or less the same way you convince children not to be naughty before they acquire a sense of morality . 
  well that 's exactly what religion is , a common set of values and lifestyle . 
  the tales about bearded men in the sky , wether you call them god , allah or zeus , are just made up stories to convince the average joe that religion is not a manmade concept and it existed eternaly . 
  personaly , even though i identify culturaly as a christian , i ca n't take everything in the bible literaly . 
  muslims follow an ideology invented by a secular ruler and conqueror . 
  it 's only normal that his teachings are not entirely peaceful . 
   eat dinner with some people , shove your chopsticks into a bowl of rice like this and see what happens . 
  i can barely hold chopsticks , let alone shove them in places in a particular way . 
  athens was mostly chosen for romantic reasons . 
  the initial choice of nauplio was much more sane . 
  they also tried to rebuild sparta btw ( king otto and the bavarians that is , greeks were still calling themselves `` romans '' at the time and i doubt they knew much about ancient history ), 
  i 'm pretty certain that such a law already exists . 
  i know for sure that it 's illegal in greece to hide your face while in public but muslims are exempt for religious reasons as always . 
  probably because of [ that ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kynodesme ) . 
  unless you were spartan , spartans gave zero fucks about these rules . 
  i cases such as this you ought to be cynical . 
  i would report it like any other crime . 
  we can not accuse our governments of being corrupt while bending the law ourselves . 
  said no spaniard ever ... oh wait xd, 
  athens always looks akward next to other european capitals . 
  it 's like the architects in this city hated curves . 
  everything is built in the boxy and geometric neo-classical style . 
  you can clearly tell that the bavarians who rebuilt it after the war of indepence had the romantic notion that everything should look like a cheap copy of the parthenon .
