  do they take non-muslims in ? 
  i 'm interested in becoming a full-time beard grower . 
  with fyrom and cyprus buying our lemons and oranges we 're practicaly an empire again . 
  greek sphere of influence stronk !, 
  ( albania remove the spaghetti , i thought we were friends ), 
  which is funny because russia has fucked us over everytime they got the chance . 
  because greece as a country and the greeks as a people are different concepts . 
  countries ( or nation-states if you will ) is a relatively modern concept . 
  language , culture and customs that bind a nation go way back in time . 
  i think you 're mixing up ethnicity and nationality . 
  ethnicity is genetic , nationality is cultural . 
  but this is why we built it on an island . 
  so that gay people are confined and ca n't infect the rest of us pious orthodox christians with glitter and pink thongs . 
  i thought ibiza follows tha same principle \u30fb \u30d8 \u30fb ? 
  i grasped the context , it 's just that there 's not much to say . 
  the picture speaks for itself , 
  i was replying to :  funny that it 's a country where being 100 % straight used to be abnormal . 
  what i meant is that very few people are actualy 100 % straight . 
  most are just taught to act like it while growing up . 
  greek society is still very religious compared to the average european . 
  quite the opposite unfortunately ( or fortunately ) . 
  culture is not written in the genes . 
  a second generation greek-american is more greek than american for example . 
  it 's still abnormal . 
  people are just too puritan to admit it . 
  most of those neo-nazi weirdos are secretly gay . 
  the fappening 2 : parliament edition . 
  interesting , we call flip-flops `` sayonara/sayonares '' xd, 
  it 's `` se agapo '' actualy , accusative syntax . 
  unless you 're a northern greek in disguise making fun of southerners :p, 
   your question should rather be : why in an age of economical distress do you need new submarines at all ? 
  i believe you already answered your own question , same reason why we needed to host the olympics in ' 04 . 
  not everybody tries or can evade . 
  the ones that do n't have to pay extra for the ones that do . 
  if somebody is breaking a law i expect my government to penalise them , not me . 
  i never assumed anything , i only stated some facts , 
  greece was ready to join the eu ( we 've been in the eu since '81 btw ) but not the eurozone . 
  it was proven that our government at the time more or less cheated their way in by providing the eu and the greek people fictitious numbers . 
  because taxes in greece are absurd , they do n't even try to cover it up anymore , they just call it `` special levy '' and take 1 % -4 % of your income `` because we 're facing a crisis '' . 
  that 's on top of regular taxation which is already as high as they can go , while wages have been reduced by over 50 % in some cases . 
  how is all this going to help combat corruption ? 
  people do what they have to do to survive . 
  i 'm not like that , you need a friend ? 
  why do you think our land gave birth to all those philosophers ? 
  it 's the only thing you can do while lying flat on your back . 
  `` greece policy germany fuck euro '' yep , sounds accurate . 
  `` ireland ^ car language '' also sounds fascinating . 
  the usual slander that fyrom comes up with . 
  albania 's candidacy is not blocked , albania recieved official candidate status a few months ago , under greek eu presidency in fact . 
  negotiating over a dispute is not bullying or blackmailing , it 's every sovereign country 's right !, 
  our politicians have never vetoed or threatened to veto albania , nor do we hate albanians on a personal level . 
  out of all immigrant groups living in greece they are the most integrated , despite being the biggest . 
  btw turkey joining the eu would be a blessing for greece on many levels , we are not the main culprits here . 
  as for fyrom , as long as they treat the naming dispute as a dick measuring contest they will remain blocked , such is life . 
  slavs certainly ( pomaks are recognised btw , it 's slavomacedonians that are not ) but albanians ? 
  i doubt there was ever a serious arvanite movement requesting recognition as a minority . 
  if people do not feel like that you can not impose it on them . 
  we 're also the most handsome , smart and successful . 
  that 's why everyone is so jelly . 
  also as you can tell we are very humble . 
  england return the marbles nao !, 
  you mean those floating rocks with a grand population total of 3 goats and 10 seagulls that we almost went to war over in ' 96 ? 
  yeah , screw the falklands , this is the real island drama . 
  trolling polls is our national pastime , 
  actualy ... that does n't sound bad . 
  merkel has nothing to do with this . 
  it 's mostly the fact that our media is being very neutral on the whole ukraine issue . 
  heaven is where germany owes money to greece ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  yes cyprus , absolutely . 
  who are you and what are you doing in my europe ? 
  the end justifies the means , if buttsecks is what it takes to win then so be it . 
  capitals hard : 1:14 ( living in the balkans helps ), 
  i was n't gon na bother replying , because frankly i 'm too tired of this shit , but what the heck , it 's sunday , i got nothing better to do . 
  first of all get some manners , people are trying to have a conversation with you and you 're just throwing insults all over the place . 
  according to your logic , every nation is allowed to have a history but greek history is just generic `` eastern mediterranean history '' and monopolising it would mean marginalising it . 
  well guess what , it is what it is . 
  some nations have had more impact on world history than others , why does everything need to be pc ? 
  no one is getting bullied and attacked , it 's called diplomacy and negotiations . 
  being from the actual area i can speak from personal experience instead of repeating something i read on the internet . 
  greece is one of the biggest ( if the not the biggest , i do n't wan na pull facts out of my ass here ) investors in fyrom , also an estimated number of about a million northern greeks crossed the border to fyrom in 2013 for shopping and recreation , which is obviously an additional boost to the economy . 
  both our governments , under the guidance of the un and the eu , are working on finding a diplomatic solution that 's fair for both sides . 
  do you expect your government to bend over backwards for everyone ? 
  well guess what , neither do we . 
  if you think that the greek veto is the only thing that 's keeping fyrom out of the eu you 're mistaken . 
  there is a common misconception that greece wants to monopolise the name macedonia , that 's not the case . 
  we just asked for a geographic specification to be added in front of the name , `` upper '' and `` north '' were the most viable suggestions by the un but fyrom has declined them both . 
  instead they counter-proposed that greece use the term `` upper macedonia '' for all purposes , while the rest of the world can go on using plain `` macedonia '' , which is more of a joke than a solution . 
  i do n't think i have to explain the trouble that 2 geographical entities sharing 1 name causes . 
  legal issues , commercial interests and plain confusion to name a few . 
  i 'm not gon na go into historical sources because it 's mostly going to be arbitrary deciphering of select parts rather than factual proof . 
  for example when you call somebody a bastard in coloquial speech do you literally mean that he was born out of wedlock ? 
  the same thing can be said about why the athenians reffered to the macedonians as `` barbarians '' . 
  we sometimes forget that ancient sources are not always literal , the ancients also had a sense of humour , irony and a tendency towards political slander . 
  one last thing to wrap this up . 
  greece , under no circumstances , wants to keep fyrom out of the eu forever . 
  it is in our best interests that the whole balkan region eventualy joins because it 's going to benefit everyone in the wider area . 
  the biggest part of our foreign investment goes in the balkans . 
  haha , well played sir , 
   one sad , xenophobic , backwards-looking little banana democracy collapsing under the weight of its own corruption . 
  wow , just wow .
