  iirc they uses the compositor to render webpages as windows . 
  the fact that the compositor comes from chromium does n't prevent other companies to offer their services . 
  so blame the employee instead of the ceo , nothing could go wrong . 
  `` did n't mention deficit '' `` france has been disrespecting the deficit rules '' . 
  seems legit . 
  oh ok , then without you . . nobody fear this !, 
  so since this is settled ... what is the unpleasant truth ? 
  muslims live in france ? 
  take care , your redneck is showing . 
  you 're just day dreaming . 
  nobody fear this , except maybe you ? 
  the law is understandable when you see what the state did under nazi occupation . 
   they will move to other areas of activity instead . 
  i do n't know a single thing a market of 1.5 b people ca n't produce . 
  and you can guess they will subsidy the other activity too , that 's obvious . 
  hu yes it does ? 
  what 's the point trying to compete fairly with a cheater ? 
  tariffs on chinese goods will only make chineses imports as attractive as any other non-state sponsored one , preventing them to go bankrupt . 
  if only you would stop gilding angry comments , you cunt . 
  ^ ^ please, 
  wow would you look at mr can-afford-to-fly, 
  that 's rich . 
  hey free facts from my ass , who wants some ? 
  that 's true that there is echo ! - cho ! - o !, 
  thx  * wooshh *, 
  woosh, 
  i dont know , `` try the frog '' has this subtil insult you could find funny on the internet . 
  i think that whatever slogan a public authority could find will be inherently boring . 
  because there are naked children on rt ? 
  those insane russians !, 
  i 'm defending nothing , i point incoherent propos about freedom of speech boners when people have already their speech restricted . 
  and as you can see , they usually just say that $ current_law is okay but $ new_law is evil . 
  repeat ad nauseam . 
  i do n't know where your free speech definition comes . 
  `` ya shall be able to speek freely , except when it hurts feeling '' - universal law, 
  if you can be prosecuted for mere words , your speech is restricted . 
  muh freedom of speech !, 
  i do n't know where you 're from but go ahead and insult a cop , tell us how it goes . 
  edit for downvoters , i 'm sorry to burst your bubble but do n't worry , as grown adults you should be able to not insult the cop who ticket you , and also to not deny genocide on tv in france . 
  next you will tell me romans are not monkeys . 
  never ending stupid arguments will never end . 
  next you will get someone telling you that they settled in france for 200 years and were king vassal . 
  it 's so stupid to see people arguing over history a thousand year old as if it was politic . 
  you were ruled by french , and french are neo romans , and romans come from monkeys . 
  get over it now . 
  my point is that teaching kids that current religions are wrong can be defendable , would a nation implement this , but i would prefer people to be educated enough to make those statement by themselves . 
  except every preacher has a different interpretation of the text , as authorities ( papal or anything else ) writing an official interpretation would be a new version of the book , and as such very much debatable . 
  so if the only explanation to logical and scientifical errors in the books are that they meant it differently , and do not provide their interpretation in a clear official way , it wo n't be hard to dismiss all of it at a national level . 
  do n't know if i 'm understandable , i 'm on mobile . 
  the god hypothesis is clearly unfalsifiable , but most part of religious books are , and so are god representations in them . 
  yeah dont make them pay taxes , you commies !, 
  i bet it was poison . 
  merkel is truly evil . 
  what about * , not `` how about '' . 
  dang you sux at shitposting, 
  and japan and their crimes in china ? 
  what about china ? 
  just do n't try again ok ? 
  i understand the logic , but that 's assuming people are aware of competitor price change and are willing to change product for 2 % price difference . 
  i am not convinced , and can also back my claim as france implemented such mesure with restaurant , reducing vat from 19 % to something like 10 % , with clear intent to reduce consumer price . 
  it was so disastrous they canceled the rebate as nearly all restaurant kept their old price . 
  it was 5 or 6 years ago iirc , so quite recent . 
  people were willing to buy at previous price . 
  reduced vat wo n't change this fact . 
  eu law trumps national law . 
  and it 's not even sure it 's legal by irish law , it was a ( partially secret ) deal between irish government and apple . 
  they had an illegal deal with ireland to pay no taxes . 
  eu said this deal is illegal and thus apple has to pay unpaid taxes . 
  no fine has been isued to apple , those 13 billions is 12.5 % of revenue from the last 10 years that should have been paid , if ireland and apple did not illegaly pass the deal . 
  and before you ask or show your ignorance again , it was illegal because this deal was unique between ireland and apple , and so other companies had to paid regular taxes while apple got unfair market advantage . 
  yes , ireland is at fault , and those 13 billions are not a fine . 
  it 's unpaid taxes from apple . 
  `` noway , the deal we had with ireland to pay 0 % taxes was illegal ? '', 
  - nobody at apple . 
  except , well , that they are irish taxes . . ? 
  you know , from money payed by european tax payers ? 
  that 's the whole point of the case . 
  let 's build a paywall for bbc users , and make them pay for it . 
  english is hard for us french people because so many words come from french , we struggle to find the correct bastardised form , and we come with stupid frenglish words . 
  litre looks too much french , and it sounds like `` liter '' ( from our point of view ) . 
  ( the problem also occurs with spanish where we just add an `` a '' at the end of our words , and we have a perfect spanish-french gibberish ), 
  weeeell ok but a pint is less than a liter . 
  enjoy your beer like a man . 
  people willing to , definitely not people forced to . 
  so they have the burden to solve those problems because they were born in it ? 
  well i dont, 
  oh now you 're trolling . 
  merkel , wwii , beer ?!, 
  he is jocking and passive aggressive about it . 
  shame on him , this is a safe place . 
  why ? 
  the deathrow scene is in the first tutorial scene , so i kinda feel she was not out of bound requesting a refund . 
  well london got its fair share of attack saddly . 
  edit : thought i was in r/france , spoke in french . 
  i dislike sarko but he is not the one who said this . 
  stop with this . 
  next time you need to compare a world war or countries to a school class , you should stop right now and punch yourself in the mouth . 
  history and politic are complex and if you need those stupid comparaisons , youshould not say anything at all . 
  finally a step in the right direction, 
  i raise with american corporation greediness .
