  checkmate . 
  i thought reddit was barely making money . 
  not from me and adblock anyway . 
  make the mexicans pay for it . 
  yeah that 's obvious . 
  people who disagree with your opinions are irrational . 
  technically she is way richer than sarkozy . 
  dont be angry . 
  op asked about it and it was my personal opinion . 
  im sorry it doesnt fit with your own . 
  i personally dont care about it , so there 's that . 
  i heard that some ( a lot ? ), 
  of them are actually dead but not reported by family for money purpose, 
  they removed their soldier from france , so we did not enjoy this freedom they were bringing . 
  if you are from luxembourg you wouldnt understand , i guess  spain want the rock to stop hosting more companies than people , as it is a tax haven . 
  and me , actually . 
  how dare you . 
  that may includes you . 
  it is obviously a dick size contest, 
  yeah , but freedom chocolate bread or freedomine ? 
  i could say anything but you 're so out of touch with reality i wo n't bother . 
  you obviously know nothing about neither frenchmen nor french politics . 
  go speak about whatever you know about instead . 
  take care , your ignorance is showing . 
  why would they lie ... 
  how can i say it politely ... you have the dumb , am sorry, 
  every human is a human, 
  why not ? 
  i do n't think he is involved in any of this . 
  i do n't know about failed attempt , but uk has had it 's fair share of terror attacks , even by islamists , so i would not call them so successful on this point . 
  the effective part of the five eyes is to spy on [ ceos ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/gchq-spied-ceo-europes-biggest-internet-hosting-company-ovh-reveal-snowden-files-1595817 ) and allies . 
  and the really effective part of the uk was to sell it to its population as counter terrorism . 
  i understand , you 're impersonating a country to make your point . 
  but i am not impersonating france , sorry . 
  and fyi , paris was liberated by french forces . 
  to be fair , i do n't understand the hate you get , but my comment was only just a joke about your new president . 
  but now you brought wwii into it and looks like ... american ? 
  not the best one . 
  when ireland sent their men , they did not send their bests . 
  one way * and stateless *, 
  that 's the spirit, 
  could you imagine ? 
  some world could be spoken the way they were written . 
  i was not stating a fact , just showing you that being a thief from the left is not worst than from the right . 
  nobody preaches hidding money from taxes . 
  those terrible ceo terrorists , planning dangerous ceo stuffs . 
  while the right proudly shows their greediness and do n't hide the fact they will steal whenever possible , surely ? 
  are you unpatriotic ? 
  i very much agree , people do n't care about russia funding fn in part because of this . 
  but i believe the two turns system will prevent fn to win , so i also do n't care much . 
  i do n't see how this is relevant for france . 
  russia has little power over france politics , whereas our last presidents kissed us asses publicly . 
  `` kremlin based '' please your red neck is showing , it 's embarrassing . 
  in a lot of countries the dot is used to separate order of magnitude , like you would use a comma . 
  17,000.5 = 17.000,5 i believe most of europe uses it this way . 
  good , now we should prostitute them, 
  i know this theory, 
  this really was a minor accident , you read far more about it on the internet than in france . 
  the real damning case was the reduced assistance given to the people with the less revenues and diverse statements his friends said about it, 
  ireland has a lot to attract multinationals : low ( est ? ), 
  tax rate , only english speaking in eu since brexit , skilled workers with relatively low pay . 
  i do n't see ireland unable to compete without making illegal exceptional deals with multinationals , i only see them as corruption from their leaders rather than helping irish economy . 
  do n't be silly , he is german . 
  no , gib alsace & lorraine back instead, 
  i may need to reread the article , i do n't remember anything about the usa . 
  looks faked , you do n't see the eiffel tower . 
  here is the real not-photoshoped picture : http://imgur.com/a/8hnts, 
  are you kidding ? 
  have you seen the washington monument ? 
  they were huge 200 years ago !, 
  it was a true beauty tho, 
  i believe planes to be heavier than 300kg, 
  it does looks like obama and his nobel price, 
  i 'm afraid that german jails are not big enough to take the entirety of the us population :(, 
  thanks !, 
  is n't this graph missing labels ? 
  i do n't understand what i am seeing here . 
  you know the rule , flair up before commenting on someone 's flair . 
  ok grandpa , now go back to sleep . 
  indeed , but it is a strange way to count like this , was monarchic france not france yet ? 
  there was talk about changing republic once more with current year election , would have it restarted our country age to 0 ? 
  oh , i 'm so sorry , i should n't use figure of speech with you , you clearly missed some classes . 
  oh my ... are you really relating a short occupation , older than your country , when all of europe was under french rule , with woman vote in 1991 ? 
  and why are you trying to lecture people about history in their own countries when it is obvious you do n't know much about it ? 
  did you know nazi raised to power in germany ? 
  and germany used to be french ... 
  seriously some people ... 
  part of france ... ? 
  are you serious here ? 
  indeed , i see what you means , normalized values are easier to divide on base 12 than on base 10 . 
  why is it better for decimal ? 
  would n't it work the same with another base ? 
  if your plank of wood measure 10 ( or lets say a ) it will be awkward in both system , and it will be easy if it measures 12 ( or 10 ) in both systems too . 
  base system do n't make things magically easier to divide . 
  `` a hooded man holds a laptop computer as blue screen with an exclamation mark is projected on him in this illustration picture taken on may 13 , 2017 . '', 
  clearly , they know how to label pictures . 
  that would make little sense to calculate unemployement among toddlers and elders . 
  do n't be so hard on him , he is obviously not from france but he loves the narrative of election fraud . 
  and bashing immigrants . 
  what ever float his boat , do n't judge .
