   no one bails out the italians , they are net contributors to the eu budget only if you ignore the bank bailout and the huge tranfers through the ecb network of central banks . 
   and if your claim about migration were true , britain would n't have more migrants from non-eu countries than eu countries . 
  after all , they have no legal right to come to the uk and thus it should n't be hard to reduce their inflow . 
  except many of them do have legal rights to come to the uk due to the ridiculous interpretation of the `` family rights '' bit of the echr , which we 're obliged to abide by by our membership of the eu . 
  if we were n't in the eu with them , we would n't have to worry about the migration pressure . 
  i do n't see why northern european states should have to bail out the italians because they elected a clown like berlusconi year after year . 
  you are mixing and matching statistics . 
  there are 729,000 indian-born and 465,000 pakistani-born immigrants in the uk . 
  the number of poles is between the two , at 646,000 . 
  additionally , the number of non-eu immigrants is being restricted , having fallen a third since 2010 , while the number of eu-immigrants goes up . 
  many of those coming also do it via points system , to ensure they have skills to come here , which eu citizens do not need to pass through . 
  many of the others coming via family migration do so on the basis of echr rulings on family `` rights '' , which we have to abide by due to membership of the eu . 
  one classic example is when the government tried to ban marriage visas for under-21s to combat forced marriages , and the echr overruled us . 
  possibly , but it 'll take a while . 
  the conservatives support giving us a referendum , but only after the next election of course , which they 're unlikely to win outright . 
  labour and the liberal democrats refuse to give the people a say . 
  it 'll take a couple of election cycles before ukip are a major force . 
  the guy married a german . 
  the idea that he 's some massive xenophobic is just a smear from his political opponents . 
  and massive agricultural subsidies . 
  that 's half the eu 's budget . 
  this is one the uk could support !, 
  maybe it 's their responsibility to sort themselves out ? 
  not to mention that immigration is a pretty big deal these days , and places like the uk could have serious issues with letting in a country with twice the population as romania . 
  the eu is not the fucking world . 
  blair bent over backwards for the eu , giving up half our rebate and still got fuck all . 
  i guess juncker meant it when he said he `` owes nothing '' to the uk in terms of giving out a major portfolio . 
  it 's not a predominantly finance focused entity . 
  finance is just one of several subjects it covers . 
  if you look on the front page of their website four of the top five subjects are on world affairs , and one on uk business numbers . 
  i know some people on the left like to class anything about business as being `` neoliberal fervour '' , but that suggests your bias rather than theirs . 
  as for arguing with your points , when your post is mainly just throwing insults at the source for being `` neoliberal garbage '' and `` mammon praising scumbags '' , well , there 's not much to engage with . 
  i 'm not looking to get into an argument . 
  i assumed you came from another european country where euroscepticism is less mainstream than in britain , and thus eurosceptic publications maybe suspect . 
  i was just trying to inform you that the telegraph is widely considered a reliable newspaper in the uk , so i 'm sure this is accurate , in case you were n't familiar with the uk press . 
  reuters are part of the right-wing conspiracy now ? 
  seriously ? 
  while the telegraph is eurosceptic , it 's a perfectly respectable broadsheet newspaper . 
  it would be like a conservative saying a news article on income inequality in the guardian or the new york times is unreliable because they 're left-leaning . 
  it was n't written into the treaties that created the uk and ireland that the other chamber should choose the head of the executive . 
  this is explicitly the case in lisbon . 
  we 'd never have signed up to it had we known the nation states were handing over executive power to the parliament . 
  it seems that people on the left like to define the lib dems as `` right '' or `` left '' depending on whether it suits their purpose . 
  given they backed austerity , and given that clegg is an orange booker , i think it 's reasonable to class them as centrist economically . 
  right , exactly . 
  `` to legitimise the spitzenkandidat '' , something that was never part of the treaty we signed up to , they need to get all the eurofederalists together in a back-room stitch-up . 
  it does n't matter who you vote for , the result is the same : more power to the eu . 
  most voters in the european elections voted for right wing parties . 
  but now on the most important policy area , the socialists get it . 
  all because it 's a cosy europhile stitch-up to keep eurosceptics out . 
  did the election results not matter at all ? 
  yeah , but the club med view is basically `` we should have a massive infrastructure scheme , that builds stuff in our countries , paid for by eurobonds , and ultimately paid back mainly by germany '' . 
  you ca n't bounce germany into doing that . 
  it 's supposed to be democratic and reflect the views of the public , not those of the eurocrats . 
  as we have seen with various referendums , the eurofederalists only listen to the voters when they want to . 
  where are the seats for the party that won the uk european elections ? 
  oh yeah , they were entirely denied from having any influence . 
   i do n't understand how all these big countries ( italy , spain , france and so on ) can not find a way to cooperate , stand their ground , and force some concessions out of the austerity-minded countries . 
  because the austerity-minded countries are the ones that have the money that 's needed to fund their agenda ? 
  sure . 
  but op was just pointing out that people constantly call for the british to do certain things - give back gibraltar , give up the falklands , return the elgin marbles etc - when other nations do n't face the same pressure . 
  it 's not whining for sympathy , it 's just highlighting the hypocrisy of many of our european neighbours . 
  it 's the same hypocrisy whereby the uk demands changes to financial regulation because it has special interests in the area , and it gets called a `` bad european '' and `` uncooperative '' , but when france demands special exemptions before we sit down to negotiate with the americans on trade , the rest of the eu just buckles and gives in . 
  it 's one standard for the uk and one for everyone else . 
  because he 's french . 
  it 's in their blood to blame the english . 
  is that really the best argument you can retort with ? 
  he points out a hypocrisy , and you suggest he does n't deserve sympathy because he 's british ? 
  many of the big banks said they 'd do similar things if the uk did n't join the euro . 
  look how that turned out . 
  i ca n't imagine two of the major parties in the uk parliament getting together to stiff a smaller party from having their fair share of committee positions . 
  if they tried there would be uproar . 
  it seems like the european parliament more follows the southern and eastern traditions of how politics is done . 
  seems bloody foolish for us to transfer power from our parliament to theirs . 
  virtually every falling out we have with france and germany is because of the latest eu directive though . 
  i do n't know . 
  the soviet union 's satellite states came further west . 
  this is ridiculous defeatism . 
  for a start , one of the main financial centres you missed is singapore , which is obviously a tinier country than ours with no single market , and it does just fine . 
  secondly , london is one of the biggest dollar markets in the world , and it does that just fine without being part of the us . 
  this `` tiny island '' is the sixth largest economy in the world , and outside of europe we could have free trade with a much greater area . 
  because the analogy is always done in a way to suggest that the activity is not in the interest of the one `` bending over '' . 
  it 's an american saying that comes from prison rape . 
  there was nothing wrong with either post . 
  i 'm disappointed because people are downvoting and upvoting to disagree or agree , when they should downvote only for rudeness and upvote only for interesting arguments . 
  how is portraying america as the anal rapist of australia anti-american ? 
  are you for real ? 
  do you have a source for that second question ? 
  how long do norwegians think you should get for , for example , violent rape ? 
  source please . 
  the scottish question will be resolved in a few months one way or the other , long before the eu situation gets sorted out . 
  as for defending their interests of keeping it together , the eurozone grew at 0.2 % in the last quarter , a quarter the rate of the uk . 
  the most important thing to keep the project together is economic growth . 
  they 're not going to screw themselves over just to punish the uk . 
  if they 're stupid enough to make policy on the basis of spite , it would be utterly foolish of us to be in a political union with them . 
  if you hate the uk so much , why do you even want us in ? 
  it always comes back to anti-americanism with pro-eu types ... 
  the only thing that is causing tension between us and the other 27 countries is that they want to abandon their national sovereignty and we do n't . 
  once that issue has been removed from the picture , we 'll get on just fine , as we do with canada , the us , australia etc. 
  yes , it was in full-on socialism in the 1970s .
