  show me one country that 's taken in a large muslim population that has n't had those problems . 
  muslim albanians and bosnians tend to be religious moderates and pro-western . 
  while some syrians and afghans maybe , the vast majority will not . 
  germany and sweden will have huge problems with honour killings , homophobia , ethnic ghettos , fgm and home-grown terrorism from these populations that will come out in a decade , i guarantee it . 
  i saw tv coverage saying the brit helped stop him . 
  it 's worth pointing out there was at least [ one british soldier who also stopped him . ] ( http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/uk-world-news/french-train-shooting-brit-injured-6296151 ) . 
  i know it 's unlike the americans to take the full credit for british fighting on mainland europe , but there you go . 
  [ british government ministers agree with you . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-13436429 ), 
  they have been attracted to other parties . 
  the english democrats and snp have had issues over the years . 
  and far right islamists have tried to take over respect . 
  but do n't i automatically do that from being white ? 
  that 's what diane abbott tells me . 
  stop excusing racism . 
  of course it 's voluntary . 
  one looks at the arguments and evidence , and if there is n't enough evidence to decide between competing viewpoints , you look it up . 
  belief , noun , an acceptance that something exists or is true , especially one without proof i very much * do * choose whether i accept things are true or not . 
  only an idiot accepts things at views at face value without considering them . 
  you should n't group all western nations together . 
  the swedish government sometimes acts like it is a tumblr blog running a country . 
  it 's not even clear that assange would be guilty in sweden : there 's a fairly convincing argument that they just put together enough for him to be extradited to sweden so that then he could be extradited to the us for espionage charges . 
  of course , all coerced sex is still wrong . 
  i 'm not talking about violent crime . 
  i 'm talking about corruption . 
  just see the transparency international index to see how much more corrupt romania is than the uk . 
  now 90 % of atm fraud in the uk is down to romanian gangs . 
   [ * ] nobody means 70 - 90 % of people , depending on the poll . 
  you mean 10-30 % of people ? 
  otherwise you 're saying that the vast majority want immigration ... 
  internet polls are absolutely meaningless . 
  usually you can vote numerous times just by clearing your cookies . 
  the left found over the last few decades that it was a very successful strategy to not engage with the actual argument people made , but to simply tag someone with the label `` racist '' . 
  get enough people to accuse someone of it , and , regardless of the merits , it will influence people 's views . 
  so now , of course , they 're trying to extend the meaning of it to other areas . 
  oppose immigration of white people ? 
  well they 're different nationalities , so its still racism . 
  oppose certain religious beliefs unrelated to race ? 
  well they 're different religion , so its still racism . 
  of course , this will ultimately be counter-productive . 
  they end up accusing so many people of being racist that the charge loses its power , and it will cease to be effective even against the genuine racists . 
  because : ( a ) as an insurgent party that attract people from all over that have views not represented by the mainstream consensus . 
  one small group among this is the far right . 
  ( b ) in the past , they have been targets of entryist strategies from groups like the national front . 
  ( c ) the media is predominantly owned by supporters of other parties who go out of their way to excessively publicise these issues in ukip , whereas they turn a blind eye to the same thing going on in other parties . 
  but your implied view is typical . 
  if ukip did n't ban them , it shows they 're racist . 
  if ukip does ban them , it shows they 're forced to do it because they 're racist . 
  they literally ca n't win . 
  people get offended far too easily these days . 
  the reality is that the lack of criminal checks on eu immigrants means countries with high crime rates , such as romania , have had large numbers of male gangs move here to commit crime . 
  pointing this out is not offensive to anyone with a brain . 
  oh , you mean like phil `` make the whites angry '' woolas ? 
  or patrick `` black bastard '' mercer ? 
  or diane `` white people play divide and rule '' abbott ? 
  there are loads of problems with the main parties having dodgy members , it 's just the media does n't focus on them . 
  because the host society has an evident interest in maintaining some sort of unity as a nation state . 
  if the country is divided up into different segregated communities , that is harmful to it . 
  part of the deal of immigration is that you get a better life but you fully become part of the society that has taken you in . 
  whether that 's reasonable or not all depends on what you mean by `` keeping what makes you yourself '' . 
  if you mean allegiance to another country and cultural values that are alien to germany , then they kind of have a point . 
  is it really more than half ? 
  i thought it was only around 80 or so . 
  every party has its racists . 
  that 's part of having a membership of tens of thousands of people , especially if you 're an insurgent party . 
  but ukip kicks them out when they find out about the racism . 
  all successful politicians are to some extent opportunists . 
  you have popular policies and you have unpopular policies , and you stress the more popular ones . 
  i guess his german wife is about to divorce him due to him indirectly hurting her ... 
  the fact the islamist beheading in ikea was covered up was disturbing as hell . 
  i have absolutely no beef with homosexuality but i am surprised its so high . 
  i thought about 5 % to 10 % of the population was gay , and i could imagine another 5 % to 10 % having some gay feelings . 
  no idea it was half the population . 
  `` even farage '' . 
  i know people on here think that opposing the eu from the right is akin to naziism , but this is just silly . 
  farage is in the same position of the main conservative party in the early 1990s : trade without political union . 
  if you 're referring to immigration , he never even raised it as an issue until the numbers trebled in the early 2000s . 
  anyone that has ever been a member of any fascist or racist organisation is banned from ukip for life . 
  that 's something labour does n't do as they have ex-bnp candidates . 
  how 's that `` cheating '' ? 
  i also do n't think it 's true they 're completely inhabited by people from our country . 
  all three nations have substantial populations with heritage from other nations . 
  it 's just they integrated them into the mainstream english culture ( with the exception of quebec , obviously ) . 
  ( we could learn from their example ! ), 
  in sport you 're correct . 
  i do n't think our politics are that different . 
  but the thing we have most in common is humour . 
  we both love that dark , dry , absurdist stuff . 
  it was never run from normandy either . 
  the normans conquered england , but immediately ran it from london . 
  drop the religious crazies and gun nuts , bring back the queen . 
  then we 'll be good . 
  when was britain run from brittany ? 
  brittany only has the name because it was founded by ancient britons fleeing the anglo-saxon invaders . 
  yeah but that land was mostly empty at the time . 
  outside the state of louisiana , the culture has been almost entirely replaced by an english culture in the lousiana purchase area . 
  ireland shares some things but not others . 
  they tend to be anti-british quite often ( for understandable historical reasons ) , are unremittingly pro-eu , are much more outgoing on a personal basis , and catholicism has shaped a lot of their culture . 
  british here . 
  probably a combination of australia , new zealand and canada .
