  we all share the same language , culture , parliamentary monarchy and the queen . 
  you might want to try schultz too , since he came out the other day and said `` the uk belongs to the eu '' . 
  is it really the direction the polls are going in ? 
  it 's a single opinion poll showing a far bigger split than any other poll . 
  the only people being angered and alienated by this are conservative religious folk that do n't accept pluralist debate . 
  because muslims are n't a large enough share of the population yet . 
  if muslims were 30 % of the population , you can be damn sure there would be a `` sharia for the netherlands '' party . 
  ca n't it be about both in all three cases ? 
  in terms of the emphasis , i think it 's more about freedom of speech in the islam case , because people generally do n't have their offices shot up when anti-black racism or anti-jewish stuff gets published . 
  there 's also the issue that mocking islam is mocking an idea , rather than a people . 
  i 'm not a fan of wilders , but i think the publishing of these cartoons normalises the act , which allows more sensible criticisms of islam to become more acceptable . 
  christopher hitchens has some good stuff on this . 
  he 's on much weaker ground on this than he would be if he brought up something like holocaust denial . 
  are you really equating your older posts being downvoted as being equivalent to cartoonists offices being bombed , or authors being killed on the streets ? 
  in the uk you get third generation pakistanis and bangladeshis that still have broken english . 
  in fact , you get some of the more extreme orthodox jews that speak very heavily accented english and must be god knows how many generations from entry . 
  you need to remember that the usa does a particularly good job at selling the american idea , identity and culture to immigrants . 
  indeed . 
  if the rest of the eu wants to ahead with an integrated superstate , then let them . 
  the uk does n't , so can remain on the edge as a trading partner like canada or korea . 
  it 's worth pointing out here that shale gas deposites in europe are much more expensive to access than those in the us . 
  given the current low oil price , these shale deposits are n't going to be competitive with other forms of energy , and thus most wo n't be developed for a long time . 
  what sunshine , lollipops and rainbows do you think the average uk citizen likes but does n't realise comes from the eu ? 
   you ca n't share in the good , fun times , and not contribute in the development of the eu as a block . 
  it all depends what you mean by `` good , fun times '' . 
  places like mexico and south korea have free trade with the eu without paying into the budget and without having open borders for immigration . 
  i think that 's a middle ground the british public could support . 
  well , there 's also the fact you 're free from political persecution . 
  the world 's poor would much prefer to get into the us than to , for example , saudi arabia . 
  but also , even the income element is n't some divine blessing . 
  it 's down to the fact that in the us it 's far easier to get a middle class lifestyle than it is in russia because it 's not a corrupt kleptocracy with property rights frequently abused . 
  nato never gave any official promise to russia . 
  the most we have is claims of russian presidents that one member 's leader gave a behind the scenes assurance . 
  i do n't know if america is any more so than elsewhere . 
  i 've had polish guys respond to a conversation i was having with another british guy as being feminine because men in poland do n't discuss jewellery . 
  we were talking about cufflinks !, 
  yes , the `` south '' is the former confederacy . 
  even parts of the south that have changed culturally a lot are sometimes excluded , like florida . 
  all of them ? 
  really ? 
  how long did you spend in the us to form this impression ? 
  this is still better than / r/unitedkingdom . 
  i got banned from there with no warning and no explanation , even after i asked the mods . 
  i had n't sworn or attacked anyone else . 
  i think they just did n't like my political views . 
  iraq was a reckless invasion , possibly for nefarious means , but the sheer level of casualties is n't just the americans responsibility . 
  a lot of the deaths came not from the us trying to annex the place , but because the shias , sunnis and kurds felt like blowing the fuck out of each other . 
  in situations like ukraine and georgia , however , most of the killing came directly from russia attacking the place . 
  you mean like making germany , austria and japan into highly successful democracies ? 
  preventing genocide in bosnia and kosovo ? 
  yes , i know there were other fuck-ups like iraq , but you need to look at the whole picture . 
  what are the success cases for russia ? 
  again , you 're putting up a strawman argument . 
  nobody is claiming it 's sunshine and lollipops inside the us . 
  racial problems are a major issue in the us , but man , there 's a lot more to the us than a few bad cities . 
  compare russia and the us on economic development metrics . 
  compare them on democracy rankings . 
  compare them on human rights abuse rankings . 
  russia is clearly a lot worse . 
  people are desperate to become us citizens , while people try to get out of russia . 
  thailand was also not colonised . 
  and huge chunks of asia were colonised a lot later than the early 1700s , which is where the divergence begins in your chart . 
  heck , compare gdp/capita in britain compared to even other european countries and you will see the huge divergence over the 1800s . 
  that 's only a telling graph if you also had on it the gdp/capita of non-colonised asian countries over the same time . 
  i completely agree that colonisation held india back , but the implication that without british rule they would have developed at the same rate as the uk is nonsense . 
  the baltics and poland must be so fucking pleased they got into nato already . 
  ukraine got fucked by taking too long . 
  how ? 
  north korea has working nuclear weapons . 
   in reality russia and america are the same except america has more power . 
  what fucking nonsense . 
  there 's a reason that people try to leave russia and seek asylum in western europe , while people are desperate to get into the united states . 
  there 's also a reason why dozens of countries in the world would prefer to be us allies than russian allies . 
  no-one is claiming that it does n't matter what the usa does - virtually everyone on reddit thinks iraq was a mistake , for example . 
  you 're conducting a complete strawman argument because your case is so much weaker dealing with the arguments that people are actually making in favour of the us . 
  you 're making an argument for governance by bureaucratic consensus , not for democracy . 
  frankly , i do n't think we should be ruled that way . 
  if the eu can not come up with a structure where popular concerns are responded to in a flexible and timely manner , than it will not survive and does not deserve to survive . 
  surely making his case for a policy change in an electoral campaign and being voted back in with a larger majority is exactly how democracy works ? 
  if the eu wishes to ignore cameron 's electoral victory and not accede to his demands , it is welcome to do so , but it must do so in light of the effect it will have on british public opinion before the referendum . 
  it 's not the commission that decides these things . 
  it will be the other national governments . 
  and even if that was n't the case , it would n't be the first time one side in a negotiation spelt out a red line that they later crossed . 
  who has claimed that europe has always been a beacon of human rights ? 
  there 's a certain type of person that would rather silence people that disagree with them than argue on the merits . 
  i was thinking of estimating how many , but , to be honest , that would be floccinaucinihilipilification . 
   if the state replaces the help traditionally received from their own community , a big motivation to congregate disappears . 
  but that 's not the main motivation to congregate . 
  the main motivation to congregate is that people naturally prefer their own cultural norms to ones they find alien , and thus wish to be surrounded by people with those cultural norms . 
  if you let in people faster than they integrate , then you just set up these little countries in miniature and integration slows even further . 
  the effect is even stronger where an inflexible religious culture is involved . 
  because it 's not like you get people involved in organised scams from africa , right ? 
  also , if you 're from an african country you can just pretend that you 're gay and you 'll be persecuted back home . 
  works for russians too . 
  they have cleared the camps in marble arch in london several times and they keep on coming back . 
  i have n't seen statistics , but the bbc mentions somalia , eritrea and nigeria as the main ones out of the african countries . 
  iraqis and syrians are the main ones from the middle east . 
  you would have to go back a half century for the most recent of those , and even further for some countries in europe . 
  but it 's not a single newcomer . 
  people tend to congregate towards people of similar national culture , meaning some communities get a very big effect .
