  nice to see belief in honesty and democracy in the eu . 
  no , he did n't . 
  the vast majority of people voting in the elections had n't even heard of him . 
  only in the eu would people be openly arguing for backroom deals . 
  we were never going to win in this case , because the rest of the eu elites believe in federalism while we believe in national sovereignty , but at least the voters can now see who was responsible for bringing this clown juncker to power . 
  you can pick and choose the worse cases of any group in politics . 
  the party of european socialists has 9/11 deniers and terrorist supporters . 
  the european people 's party has members that supported taking a woman 's daughter away because she was a lesbian , and that campaigned on the slogan `` children rather than indians '' . 
  the fact you need things like * asking people to fly your country 's flag * as a huge negative shows how you are scraping the barrel . 
  so is the laughable example of a few hundred quid in dodgy expenses : in the eu , you do n't even need to provide receipts for your claims , and plenty of meps turn up early on a friday morning for a minute past the start of day , so they can claim the whole of friday 's expenses . 
  plus , the better off out campaign is campaigning on a policy position . 
  it 's not voting those people into power . 
  your whole ad hominem attack does n't make sense , but then , i can understand why pro-eu people would prefer to talk about anything but the issues . 
  the fact that the extreme pro-eu folks equate being pro-eu with being pro-federalism will be the organisation 's undoing . 
  the whole thing could have worked well as a community , but the headlong rush into forcing very different economies and nations into a single currency has already caused so much economic pain . 
  it will be the same result if it 's done in other areas . 
  why ca n't we just have a european community , as we once had ? 
  free trade , some basic rules to govern that , and intergovernment co-operation for countries interested in doing that ? 
  there 's absolutely no need for federalisation . 
  it 's not just that - he was the one in charge of the eurogroup and its response to the crisis . 
  a few choice quotes : on the french no vote : `` if it 's a yes , we will say ` on we go ' , and if it 's a no we will say ` we continue ' . '', 
  on british concerns of sovereignty , `` of course there will be transfers of sovereignty . 
  but would i be intelligent to draw the attention of public opinion to this fact ? '', 
  on eurozone measures , `` when it becomes serious , you have to lie . '', 
  god knows why anyone is supporting this guy . 
  juncker 's appointment is great news for us in the better off out campaign . 
  we could n't buy headlines as good as the current one at the top of bbc news : `` summit backs juncker in blow to uk '' . 
  perhaps cameron believed in giving his honest opinion about how poor a choice juncker is , and does n't care about the eu games about being seen as `` marginalised '' ( the term used to stifle dissent ) . 
  if juncker screws up the next ten years , it will be clear cameron is n't to blame . 
  there are currently five million in the camps around syria , and that number could easily treble if it became a route for a better life in europe . 
  then , of course , are the migrants from afghanistan , pakistan , eritrea , nigeria etc. 
  do you think we should take them all in ? 
  the uk public want to control the overall scale of eastern european migration . 
  the government , knowing it ca n't do anything to stop free movement of labour , has focused in on benefits as its the only thing they can change . 
  while the airport scenes were ridiculous , it 's worth pointing out that [ migrationwatch estimated 50,000 migrants would come from romania and bulgaria each year ] ( http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefingpaper/document/287 ) , and it was laughed at as being `` scaremongering '' . 
  the increase in romanian and bulgarian workers last year turned out to be ... [ 49,000 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11225190/romania-and-bulgaria-migrants-reach-record-high.html ), 
  the problem is that taking people who have made the crossing to europe just encourages more people to cross , making the problem worse for these other countries . 
  no , the uk 's plan is to rescue people in the med and better supply the refugee camps . 
  people in the uk actually often say that they prefer eastern europeans to other types of migrants , especially poles . 
  the main criticism is just the scale of migration . 
  it would have been nice if eastern europe had backed us in moving to a more flexible `` community of nations '' style eu . 
  there are multiple meanings for the term ` invasion ' , including ... an incursion by a large number of people or things into a place or sphere of activity : there was a brief pitch invasion when sunderland scored, 
  it 's not western europe . 
  it 's germany and sweden . 
  the uk is wholly in agreement with eastern europe on this issue . 
  it 's just we 're used to being vilified by the eu for pointing out certain plans will end in disaster . 
  left-wing socially . 
  not economically . 
  no , because it 's in relief . 
  if he was shouting `` thank you god ! '', 
  at the top of the lungs as he unloaded rounds of bullets into the enemy position , then that would be religious-tinted violence . 
  because people 's views are formed by their economic circumstances . 
  people that are wealthier tend to be more left-wing socially ( they depend less on traditional social networks ) . 
  people that live in cities tend to be more left wing socially ( a more changing society with less connection to tradition ) . 
  people who work in the public sector tend to be more left wing socially ( they believe more in the government 's capability to change society ) . 
  people who work in creative fields like media tend to be more left-wing socially . 
  all of those things work towards politicians and journalists being more left-wing on these issues than the general public . 
  farmers , military personnel and financial workers will be the other way . 
  the mod team is more random . 
  it just came down to whoever happened to first grab the popular subreddit name and could easily have been right-wingers rather than left-wingers . 
  not the same at all , as shouting `` shit '' or `` fuck '' are just terms of abuse . 
  they 're not invoking something as being on their side . 
  it would be like christians throwing rocks at muslim police while shouting `` praise the lord ! '', 
   it 's closer to something like `` vive france '' . 
  it 's just that in the islamic world far more people tie their identity to their religion rather than their nationality . 
  and if vast numbers of french migrants were trying to get into another country , throwing rocks at the police and shouting `` viva france !, 
  '' , i would be a bit worried about their allegiances when letting them in . 
  no , a conspiracy theory suggests they 're all getting together behind the scenes to co-ordinate . 
  what 's actually happening is that the political class , the mainstream media and mods here actually just have left-of-centre social views , and push those own views in their jobs . 
  you do n't have to be a tin hat wearer to believe that . 
  if christian refugees arrived in turkey throwing rocks at police while shouting `` praise the lord '' , i think they would have plenty of justification for worrying about the religious violence of it . 
  when did the lra shout `` oh my god '' going into battle ? 
  i do n't think that 's ever been a slogan of theirs . 
   so if a bunch of extremist christians started chanting ` thank god ' as their slogan while killing people you would be calling all people who use the phrase an extremist apologist because a subset of christians are using it in extremist context ? 
  it would not . 
  you stupid fuck . 
  you ca n't read basic english clearly . 
  i would call the christians shouting it out as they threw rocks at police extremists . 
   i 'm done arguing with you , this is my last response . 
  you 're a waste of my time . 
  you 're just too stupid . 
  out of all the stupid fucks on this thread today , you are the most stupid . 
  you misunderstand the other person 's argument , and then get angry at them for it . 
  none of those phrases is `` oh my god '' . 
  if christian rioters were shouting `` ye who are warriors of gods '' as they threw rocks at police , then that would be the equivalent , and yes , i would have a problem with that . 
  but the phrase is defined by the context . 
  the phrase said as a matter of fact when someone just died is n't an issue . 
  the phrase shouted as a slogan during a riot is . 
  moderate muslims do n't do that . 
  it suggests a clear sympathy with islamist resistance . 
  so piss off with your `` hate-filled '' accusations , you apologist dick . 
  source ? 
  you 're the imbecile that thinks there 's nothing worrying with people connecting their violence with praising their god . 
  it 's not a legal loophole . 
  its the meaning of the actual word . 
  oh fuck off you self-satisfied apologist for extremism . 
  i 've lived for years in islamic countries so know the culture far better than you do . 
  you 're just a dick that ca n't possibly accept that non-white people might do some bad things . 
  it definitely seemed to be the identical footage to me , but i watched on tv so do n't have a link . 
  i was hoping posting it would get someone to link the report .
