  i wait for the sanctions on france for breaking the deficit rules again . 
  oh , wait , it 's just the uk that deserves to get into trouble for breaking the rules . 
  did cameron accept these terms ? 
  i thought the previous uk government did ? 
  scrap the cap and give everyone a rebate . 
  it 's unjust to prop up food prices for everyone to benefit a few farmers . 
  it 's many times greater than what ed miliband would raise from the mansion tax . 
  this was a story broken by the financial times . 
  the pro-european union , broadsheet financial newspaper . 
  you ca n't spin this as tabloid guff . 
  no , it 's not . 
  that money could be spent on infrastructure and r&d . 
  the us is n't perfect , but i certainly prefer its vision of world of liberal democracies than russia 's vision of imperialist autocratic states . 
  there 's something really special between the english and the french that i 'm so glad exists . 
  the english channel . 
  yeah , that 's only because we screwed over by the appalling agricultural policy , which is insanely half the eu 's budget . 
  how dare people have eurosceptic views to being asked to pay more for economic success and black market activity we ca n't tax !, 
  the financial times , the guardian and the mirror took a similar line today . 
  i 'm sorry but you ca n't blame the reaction to this on right-wing bias . 
  why the hell is vat a part of the calculation ? 
  just because a country collects tax via vat rather than income taxes does n't mean they should pay more . 
  except both france and germany have not had to abide by budget rules when they broke them . 
  it 's one rule for those two and another rule for the brits . 
  what do you mean `` yet another rebate '' ? 
  tony blair gave up half our rebate for a review of the common agricultural policy , which the eu then just dropped . 
  when did the uk approve retroactive changes to payments ? 
  but this excludes the huge $ 2bn we 've just been lumbered with right ? 
  going forwards sure . 
  but we should n't get charged a back payment for the last twenty years . 
  oh , and seeing that we 're paying more , perhaps our views on the horrendous agricultural subsidies can take priority over france 's farming lobby for once . 
  the uk rebate is a far better cause than the huge subsidies for agrobusiness in france , italy and romania , a lot of which goes missing . 
  from what i 've read , it 's not being done just for our higher income this year . 
  it 's being done to make up for adjusted past growth in past years . 
  part of that is because black market activities got added to uk gdp . 
  so we 're being asked to pay more for activity that we ca n't tax . 
  great move eu . 
  why is it ridiculous ? 
  it 's # 150 being asked of a british family of five . 
  given how tough a time we 've had to go through cuts to balance the budget , i think it 's perfectly reasonable that we consider whether we 'd rather spend it on a french and german rebate , or on the nhs . 
  it 's not meant as a punishment , but the uk has worked hard to reform its economy and get its books to balance so we can get back to a good place . 
  meanwhile , france has just fucked about and is a basket case . 
  we 're being hurt for our good behaviour while they are being rewarded for theirs . 
  even if you 're pro-eu , you have to see the moral hazard in this . 
  what 's depressing is that i know i 'm probably going to get downvoted for just having a different point of view to the party line on here . 
  it 's like you 're not even allowed to have a debate on this sub sometimes . 
  do you see that word `` either '' in my quote ? 
  the majority i 'm talking about is between two positions : 34 % wanting to regress to an economic community . 
  17 % want to leave completely ( oh - and that 17 % has actually grown on the last poll , so you 're inaccurate there ) . 
  17 % + 34 % equals 51 % ( a majority ) that either want to go back to just an economic community while still an eu member or leave completely . 
  that means 51 % do n't want any political integration . 
   everyone knew this even from the coal and steel community . 
  the british public certainly did n't . 
  it has always , always being painted in the uk as just being about economics and the necessary non-economics stuff to make the economics work . 
  the lisbon treaty was described by our last government as a `` tidying up exercise '' . 
  us political geeks knew better , but the general british public really were n't told it was about political union at any point . 
  that 's why they see it as brussels sticking its nose in when they tell us what to do about votes for prisoners etc. 
  that same poll showed only about 15 % wanted further integration with the eu . 
  the majority of people either want to go back to just an economic community while still an eu member , or leave completely . 
   my question is , would the eu allow the uk to be a normal trading partner outside of the eu . 
  this would now doubt be a large carrot in the in/out referendum . 
  to do otherwise , they would have to be deliberately spiting the uk . 
  i ca n't see them wanting to say to us outright `` we now wo n't give you what korea and canada have '' . 
  plus , they make a lot of money with a trade surplus with us . 
  they 'd have to be stupid . 
  i 'm not acting like a victim . 
  i 'm just saying that a good relationship should entail some understanding on both sides . 
  but it 's you lot that act all upset about it over . 
   one needs to understand that the uk do n't feel european like people on the continent tend to do , and the european project is kind of lost on them because of this . 
  i think this is the fundamental issue which europeans do n't get about the brits . 
  we like europe , we look upon you positively as allies and trading partners , but a large majority of the population does n't want to politically integrate with you . 
  you do n't need to take this personally , or feel it 's some sort of betrayal . 
  just let us have some sort of associate arrangement or accept we 're going to leave . 
  then we can stop worrying about the increasing power of brussels , and you lot can go ahead with your own thing without us dragging our feet . 
  there are 7.5 million people in catalonia . 
  there are only 5 million in scotland . 
  i do n't see how the latter is more deserving than the former . 
  you ca n't deny self-determination . 
  no we did n't . 
  it was blocked by wwi , which is what caused the easter rising . 
  indeed . 
  we 're best off leaving . 
  what on earth are you wittering on about ? 
  the eu does , but the uk , being outside the eurozone does not get involved in that process . 
  i completely agree that the eu is a complete failure . 
  strong central power only works if it 's one people being controlled by that power . 
  that 's why we should go back to nation states . 
  it would be like the usa , mexico and the caribbean all being a federal state . 
  the uk is n't doing anything to control the eu 's fiscal policy . 
  i agree . 
  we 're not asking for money to sort out those problems from anyone else in europe . 
  they have been for the last three hundred years . 
  sure , some might . 
  but you 're classing 100 % of people of asian descent as immigrants , and then only first generation europeans as immigrants . 
  well , there 's a lot of brits descended from normans and huguenots , so you can add them to your total by that logic . 
  just because someone is ethnically asian does n't make them an immigrant . 
  81 % of the population of birmingham are british-born . 
  the uk will probably leave the eu around 2024 , by my reckoning . 
  that 's not `` hating '' immigration . 
  it 's just an entirely sensible conclusion that the current levels are too high . 
  we did that for romania and bulgaria , but those transitional controls do n't last very long .
