  there 's plenty of untilled land in africa . 
  that would increase their incomes . 
  you ca n't seriously believe that we are helping africa by refusing to buy the stuff they 're making . 
   what the developing countries need to understand is that they need to do their homework like china did . 
  china instituted a one child policy to cut down their population growth , they step by step opened up their markets and have continuously worked hard to make their country better . 
  yes , they still have a lot to do especially with corruption and political freedom , but they will eventually get there . 
  this is a different debate about development strategies . 
  it has nothing to do to whether africa and latin america would do better if we bought their food . 
  it 's whataboutery . 
   especially since a large part of our food production in france and poland ( the two `` bread basket '' of the eu ) is dependent on the pac , aka we subsidize it . 
  um , that 's the opposite of subsidizing it . 
  that 's being subsidized . 
  the people who subsidize it are the taxpayers across europe ( who pay the money to buy up the food ) and the consumers of food across europe ( who have to pay higher prices ) . 
  additional losers are the millions of developing world farmers that are banned from selling their output to us , severely curbing their nations ' development . 
  the main beneficiaries are the huge agribusinesses like nestle , who have their markets protected and are paid either to grow food we do n't need , or to simply own land and do nothing . 
  the cap is a disgrace of a policy . 
  `` i have an assumption of how things work , and i 'm going to go on believing that in the absence of any evidence '' i think we 're done here . 
  he only assumed the canada and korea free trade agreements would be preferential to the eu , while admitting he did not know them very well . 
  i have n't seen any actual evidence this is the case . 
  if you have some , please provide it . 
   but let us talk about the future , do n't you think , a united union has more influence on the world stage than every country on its own ? 
  in principle , yes , but that depends on that union being united and speaking with one voice . 
  if it is a union where the members have very different views , then the `` united '' voice will not be very decisive and will not have much influence . 
  on trade , for example , the uk 's free trade position has often been held back by france , which is much more protectionist . 
  on foreign affairs , the uk 's collective deterrence mentality would be watered down by isolationist germany . 
  i do n't think an eu voice on either would increase the uk 's influence . 
   if you think there 's a big difference , can you even list out the major distinctions ? 
  the very outlier poll that showed support for exit at an all time low showed a majority wanted no political union . 
   the uk will not simply get a fta with `` free trade of goods and services '' , the eu would at that point have no economic reason to do it and even more importantly , politics would dictate that brussels take a very hard stance on the uk . 
  even for a simple fta the uk would have to make concessions , big ones , without a doubt . 
  i simply disagree . 
  free trade is worth more for the side with the trade surplus , which is the eu , and also for the side that is growing slowly , also the eu . 
  the moment the uk left the leaders of both sides would insist on maintaining a close friendship , and they would n't want to screw over exporting companies on either side . 
   if the uk will want actual access to the single market , like switzerland or norway have , than at that point it 's almost certain you 'll have to accept a norway type solution and be ruled by fax . 
  the switzerland model is looked on as overtly complex and while switzerland can keep it as a legacy issue , no new country will be given such option . 
  again , it would depend on what you mean by `` access '' . 
  access is a matter of degrees . 
  canada and korea gets almost as much as norway and switzerland , without most of the drawbacks . 
  if you think there 's a big difference , can you even list out the major distinctions ? 
   you seem to think fta are some magical tool , they are n't . 
  hell marocco has an fta with the eu if i remember correctly . 
  ftas can vary enormously in scope and scale . 
  the korea and canada are `` next generation '' ones which cover services and non-tariff barriers . 
  those come pretty close to single market membership . 
  i do n't know enough about the morocco one to comment there . 
  i accept there will be some economic losses from leaving , but i do n't think they will be particularly significant , and i think it will be worth it to get fta access to nafta and emerging markets far more quickly , as well as to limit low skill migration . 
  i accept you did n't downvote me - i did n't mean to imply it was your doing . 
  i think the eu has helped around the edges with some countries ( spain stands out ) , but i think the claim that we have peace and democracy due to the eu is inaccurate . 
  the eu is more a symptom of peace and democracy than a cause . 
  the reason that ukraine wants to be a member is because ( a ) free trade and ( b ) a better guarantee against russian invasion . 
  we also need to look at the other side of things . 
  hungary is now lurching into russian style `` managed democracy '' without the eu being able to do much . 
  and plenty of national tensions have been inflamed ( e.g. 
  greece vs germany ) because different nations with different mindsets are being forced into having one policy being set for both . 
  i do n't think the national dawn party would have emerged without the eurozone . 
  sure . 
  but once the uk is n't in the union , it would n't be undermining the union for the uk not to be controlled by brussels , just like it 's not undermining the union for canada to have a fta and not be controlled by brussels . 
   the single market is a lot more than just a mutual fta and uk leaving would cause huge damage to its economy , not to mention that it would guarantee that financial regulation from brussels would force major financial firms relocate part/most of their operations in an eu country . 
  in terms of the really economically useful stuff ( free trade in goods , free trade in services and reduction of non-tariff barriers ) , it 's all in the canada and korea agreements . 
  the big extra stuff like free movement of labour is stuff the uk does n't want . 
  i 'm also less than convinced about the threats from major financial firms . 
  the us does it all can to force dollar-trading to be in the us , but the uk still has a fantastic offshore dollar market in london . 
  i 'm pretty sure we could do the same thing in euros . 
  in addition , the uk could avoid the `` bash the bankers '' financial regulation increasingly coming out the eu . 
  then , of course , the uk could sign it 's own free trade agreements elsewhere , without the protectionist states like france constantly undermining us . 
  that would be a sizable economic benefit . 
  the article is about cameron renegotiating eu migration . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's any point in trying to debate this , since people are already downvoting me simply for taking a different view . 
  i do n't want to have my posting revoked , so i 'm going to keep quiet . 
  people do n't seem to like different views . 
  edit : oh look , more downvotes !, 
  the open-mindedness of the pro-eu crowd in full swing ... 
  they have done it for korea and they 're about to do it with canada . 
  the uk does n't have much influence with the eu to lose . 
  the last couple of years have made that quite clear . 
  the eu would also have to be incredibly stupid to put up trade barriers with the uk if the british public made a democratic decision to leave . 
  the uk would be the eu 's largest export market , the eu has a trade surplus with the uk , and the eu is economically struggling while the uk is on a healthy growth trajectory . 
  they 'd be putting spite before logic . 
  no - replacing eu membership with a simple free trade agreement like ceta would prevent any economic damage . 
  according to recent polls , the majority of the uk public want to either return the eu membership to being just an economic community or to leave completely . 
  similar numbers wish to restrict eu migration . 
  whether you like it or not , cameron is only representing the views of the british public . 
  the best option would be for the uk to have a simple free trade agreement like the eu has with korea and will shortly have with canada . 
  i do n't see why either side would have anything to complain about then . 
  the eu did not `` bring us peace '' . 
  what brought us peace was the blood , sweat and toil of the uk and us militaries , combined with the patriotic resistance movements of places like france and italy . 
  that was followed up by the nato alliance protecting western europe from soviet aggression for decades . 
  most of the democratic systems in europe were also either long in place ( e.g. 
  the uk ) or brought in under american occupation after the second world war before the eu ever existed . 
  it 's ridiculous when eu supporters keep claiming credit for things that had nothing to do with it . 
  right . 
  the people of the uk need to understand that the only way you can limit eu immigration is by leaving the eu . 
  this seems like another integration for the sake of integration thing . 
  what 's the point ? 
  we have our own time periods for election in a parliamentary system , and i do n't see why we should change that because of what 's done in italy and latvia . 
  an ftt would be 90 % paid by the uk . 
  not going to happen . 
  sanctions ? 
  on what ? 
  the trade surplus you have with us ?
