  now it 's not . 
  the eu has a trade surplus with the uk - they have just as much interest in maintaining trade with us as we do with them . 
  particularly as we 're growing faster than them right now . 
  they 're not going to allow spite to overcome economic interest . 
  indeed . 
  i think it would be better for us to have an amicable divorce . 
  it 's completely reasonable for different nations to have different goals . 
  if france and germany want to give up their national sovereignty to become a superstate , they should be free to do that . 
  if the uk wants to keep its national sovereignty , they should be free to do that . 
  soccer is an english term , originally used to differentiate association football from rugby football . 
  unimaginable ? 
  is it that hard to imagine being independent like norway , switzerland , canada or australia ? 
  as many people as possible ? 
  he 's getting downvoted just for saying his view without argument , while you 're getting upvoted for the same . 
  what a disappointing sub . 
  i 've heard lots of nice soundbites from the germans about this , but actions speak louder than words . 
  indeed . 
  as an italian , i would probably support full-blooded integration . 
  as a brit , i want none of it . 
  trade without political union please . 
  if there 's a change to how the system works , it should be agreed by member states . 
  not changed by the eu on its own . 
   voters should be informed of the people they elect as a principle . 
  but should we bar people from being elected because not enough people ` know ' ( their person / their policies ) them ? 
  no , but we should n't pretend that they have any democratic legitimacy over any other candidate . 
  the us elections get media coverage because americans identify as american and relate to their country . 
  the european elections do n't because the europeans do n't exist as a people . 
  it 's 28 different nations that all think first and foremost about their own nation . 
  as for your last sentence , belgium is the least functioning political system in western europe . 
  we really should n't be modelling the eu around such a screwed up system . 
  we were one of just a couple of countries that refused to join the euro . 
  that was the right decision just as this one is . 
  juncker had to resign in scandal in luxembourg , he was one of the architects of the disastrous euro , he chaired the eurogroup that mismanaged its response to the crisis , he 's said we should ignore the results of referendums , and he openly supports lying to the public about what 's going on . 
  oh , and he might have a drinking problem too . 
  gdp is by far and away the best existing metric for determining economic activity , which is what we were discussing : the economic benefits . 
  the measure has had huge amounts of input into it , revisions and improvements over the decades , etc. 
  the hdi tries to measure something different : human well-being . 
  and it does so in a completely arbitrary way , giving arbitrary one third weightings to three metrics on the decisions of one un-related guy . 
  oh , and for the record , nafta does better on it than the eu does . 
  well here 's [ businessweek ] ( http://www.businessweek.com/globalbiz/content/nov2009/gb20091111_227985.htm ) pointing out the eu accounts were n't signed off in 2009 . 
  that 's during the period the court of auditors claimed they were signed off , but businessweek , being a business publication , actually understands accounting terms . 
  and it ca n't be painted as a uk eurosceptic publication either . 
  my second paragraph is just saying that the goal of the eu is to maintain peace and prosperity in europe , not to abandon national sovereignty to form a superstate . 
  on foreign policy , how come germany does n't get shit for dragging its feet over russian aggression in the east , or refusing to back the intervention in libya , against the british-french view ? 
  no , the only issue is having a strong alliance with america . 
  it 's just the eu has inherited de gaulle 's prejudice and perennial antagonism to `` les anglo-saxons '' . 
  if our generous decision to give billions more to the eu budget is just dismissed because our non-european foreign policy is n't in agreement , then its only natural we 'll conclude we should leave and join the rest of the world . 
  we still have friends there . 
  it 's gdp , 2010 usd , billions . 
  source is ihs global insight . 
  i 'm rolling my eyes at the last comment . 
  there 's literally no data or facts that europhiles will listen to if it goes against the eu . 
  even something as universally agreed upon as gdp growth gets dismissed because it 's american growth , somehow inferior to european growth . 
  there 's always a weasel-answer why something does n't count . 
  it 's the most confirmation bias thinking i 've ever encountered . 
  oh right , so the eu can claim its a special case so the usual standards of `` signing off '' do n't apply . 
  how convenient for union where billions go missing every year !, 
  eu integrating into a superstate does n't question the goal of the eu : maintaining peace and prosperity in europe . 
  as for the last one , so now our entire foreign policy has to be set in accordance of the wishes of france and germany for us to be listened to in domestic eu affairs ? 
  what we choose to do in the rest of the world is our own business , and does n't make us a `` trojan horse '' in the eu for `` american interests '' ( whatever that means ) . 
  de gaulle had a massive chip on his shoulder over britain , but it 's shocking the rest of europe still has it so much . 
   the court of auditors decides what signing off means , not you or me . 
  their criteria acknowledge that the eu is not an actual country and has to deal with things like conflicting national jurisdiction . 
  no , international accounting standards are what defines what signing off means . 
  it means clearing accounts as being free from error . 
  the fact the coa gives a press release where it redefines terms so it does n't make the eu look bad does n't change what the standard meaning of the term is . 
   if one questions the direction of the project , one questions the project itself -- a project is defined by its direction . 
  if you go somewhere else , you work on a different project . 
  france may want exceptions when it comes to details , but they do n't opt out of major undertakings . 
  not schengen , not the euro , not the common security and defence policy , the list goes on . 
  what sort of sophistry is this ? 
  if nato decides it has a new direction of expanding into former soviet states , does that mean members that criticise that are `` questioning the project itself '' ? 
  of course not . 
  everyone involved in an organisation has a right to argue for what its direction should be without being considered traitors to the cause . 
   how did blair put britain at europe 's heart exactly ? 
  by following america into a war based on false premises that half of europe rejected ? 
  that 's completely unrelated to eu policy , although its a great insight into how pro-europeans always need to squeeze in a jab at america . 
  i said clearly in my previous answer if you 'd bother to read my post fully : he unilaterally increased our contribution to the eu budget , and he u-turned on a manifesto promise to give the british public a referendum so that the lisbon treaty could be signed . 
  nafta : 2003 : $ 15,744 2013 : $ 18,818 cagr : 1.8 % eu : 2003 : $ 14,933 2013 : $ 16,660 cagr : 1.1 % growth in nafta has been 50 % higher . 
  and that 's flattering the eu by going back ten years rather than the last five . 
  right , and that 's the mistake it made . 
  nafta has far better economic growth than the eu does . 
  i 'm an economist and it is very much the euro . 
  you do n't get unemployment rates of 20 % + in developed countries unless you ca n't control your monetary policy . 
  spain , italy , portugal , greece all boomed too quickly during the boom because interest rates were too low as they were set for germany , and they 're now unable to recover because interest rates are too because they are set for germany . 
  just compare greece to iceland . 
  people who do n't accept this either do n't understand economics , or are blinded by their europhilia . 
  of course federalization is seen as a part of the solution : there 's no problem for which the answer of the eurocrats is n't `` more europe '' . 
  because the council is supposed to be the body that proposes candidates , with the parliament just getting approval . 
  that 's what we signed up for in the treaties . 
  now the parliament has made a power grab by only accepting the candidate it proposed . 
  `` signing off '' in accounting generally means without `` errors '' . 
  as for france 's special concessions , the most recent was refusing to let the eu even begin negotiating free trade with the us unless it got protections for certain industries . 
  it was the only country that did this . 
  the uk government has never questioned the entire project , although it has opposed the direction of travel in places . 
  as for britain getting sway if it `` plays its cards right '' , we had 13 years of tony blair and gordon brown wanting to be at the `` heart of europe '' , avoiding going back on holding a public vote to force through the lisbon treaty , and unilaterally upping our contribution by billions . 
  what did we get in return ? 
  nothing . 
  the idea that by doing everything we 're told allows us influence has been exhausted by experience . 
  i was just talking factual possibilities , not what we would actually do .
