what 's a better media title   cameron crumbles under eu pressure for 1.7 bn fee   eu bill to be halved as cameron claims victory over eu the first . 
  it 's the accurate one . 
   but percentage-wise to your economy you were paying less i 'm not sure what two things you are comparing here . 
  what we are describing is the uk 's due payments before osborne 's `` deal '' , and the uk 's payments after the `` deal '' . 
  we 're not paying less . 
  we 're paying exactly the same . 
  so the uk government should use smoke and mirrors to deceive the british public so they do n't form the wrong opinions ? 
  for god 's sake man , this is why confidence in our political system has collapsed . 
  they sure as hell should n't suggest we 're paying less when we 're paying the same amount . 
  just like they should n't have said we were n't contributing to the eu bailout , when we actually were . 
  or when they vetoed the fiscal compact , when they let it go ahead . 
  they treat the public like they 're fucking idiots . 
  just like labour did when they claimed the lisbon treaty was nothing like the eu constitution and was just a `` tidying up exercise '' . 
  the ec is saying they did n't discuss this at the meeting . 
  osborne just came out and claimed it was a new deal , when it was n't . 
  no , you 're not . 
  they 're paying the whole thing : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-11-07/u-k-fails-to-win-budget-payment-cut-as-eu-defies-cameron.html of course , the bbc is n't reporting it that way . 
  now do you see why us eurosceptics question the bbc 's impartiality ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  ----------- the appeal to authority relies on an argument of the form : a is an authority on a particular topic a says something about that topic a is probably correct ----------- i 'm not claiming that i 'm correct on a topic . 
  i 'm just claiming my own credentials on the topic , because the point i 'm arguing is n't whether eurosceptics are right or wrong on another topic . 
  the point i 'm arguing is whether eurosceptics know anything about economics . 
   a. it suits the situation too neatly of course it suits the situation neatly . 
  obviously in an argument about evolution when someone says `` people in your position do n't have a fucking clue how biology works '' , i 'm not going to turn around and say `` ah , but i 'm a professional economist and i have a clue '' . 
  i only brought it up because it was relevant . 
  we hate the eu * in general * . 
  we hate the french * in particular * . 
  it was n't an appeal to authority . 
  i 'm not claiming my view is right because i 'm an economist . 
  i 'm just claiming that being an economist means i have some `` fucking clue about how international economics work '' . 
  they 've also been told that three million jobs would go and world war 3 would break out if we left it . 
  these things swing both ways . 
  the circulation of the telegraph is half a million . 
  the circulation of the sun is two million . 
  the circulation of the mail is 1.7 million . 
  add in a couple more smaller eurosceptic papers and you can get to 4 million maybe . 
  out of a country of 64 million . 
  tens of millions watch or listen to the bbc 's news output , which is officially impartial but probably leans towards a pro-eu position . 
  people do n't dislike paying more because they 've been conned into believing it 's a deliberate attack on britain by a right-wing press . 
  they just dislike it because they feel the eu takes enough money as it is and does n't do much good with it . 
  they would thus dislike this news wherever they hear it ( and did . ), 
  i work as an economist and i closely follow policy issues . 
  the idea that something as complex as political union in europe , with a vast range of negative and positive issues is equivalent to 2 + 2 = 4 just shows how close-minded your beliefs are . 
  serious organisations have tried to quantify the economic effect and virtually all come out as a marginal positive or a marginal negative . 
   thanks for making it clear you 're an idiot , additionally to not being capable of reading comprehension . 
  there 's quite an irony that you used incorrect punctuation and grammar in a sentence criticising someone for their english comprehension . 
  they knew about it privately but believed they had more time to prepare a response ( or even renegotiation for paying it ) before it came out . 
  it was leaked because it was only known by governments . 
  look , i know you hate the uk - your constant posts on here make that very clear - but you could at least try to not be so aggressive when people disagree with you . 
   i think cameron is playing a bit to the tune of tabloids which is unfortunate . 
  1 ) this story was first broken by the financial times , and was reported in the broadsheets as much as the tabloids . 
  2 ) the majority of the uk public oppose making the payment . 
  that 's a lot more than the few million that read tabloids . 
  i know pro-eu people like to think the opposition to their project is just a right wing fringe in the uk , but that 's not the case . 
  the vast majority of the public would like to repatriate at least some powers , and a good 40 % wish to leave . 
  you get eurosceptics in all walks of life . 
  if eu supporters wish to win the debate in the uk , they have to stop constantly saying that anyone opposed to the project is a thick racist pleb that does whatever the sun tells them . 
  the news did n't come out when the report was released . 
  it was leaked right in the middle of one of cameron 's renegotiation meetings . 
  i 'm a eu-sceptic and work professionally as an economist , so perhaps you should be more open-minded . 
  edit : i assume people are downvoting me because i 'm boasting . 
  i 'm not boasting : i 'm just demonstrating that at least some eusceptics do understand international economics . 
  i 'm not a fan of cameron , but he does seem genuinely angry about this . 
  and that 's understandable : he 's obviously trying to navigate a very delicate position on the eu due to the gap between what the uk public want and want other eu leaders are willing to do . 
  he knows a false move will end up with the public voting to leave , and yet amidst this the eu announces a massive bill , and times it when he 's in a meeting trying to deal with other eu issues . 
  it comes across like a deliberate leak by someone with an agenda , and if it is n't , the way brussels has handled this shows a stunning lack of political awareness . 
  something something totalitarian superstate . 
  it 's charming and lovely when i go to spain . 
  but this is n't spain , it 's britain and they need to respect the local culture : sit silently , look at the floor and , if you really have to vocally complain about something , you can tut . 
  that 's what a lot of us have been trying to tell them . 
  they 're the ex-communists are n't they ? 
  fair enough , but you need to accept that even a yes vote does n't mean the british will accept a united states of europe . 
  we now have a law that every future treaty change needs to be backed by referendum , and the public are n't going to back more power moving across . 
  it 's now increasingly from southern europe due to the effect of the crisis . 
  is n't this an argument against other countries integrating with italy ? 
  there 's a danger the corruption will spread . 
  but why would italians be here secretly ? 
  it 's not like they can get deported . 
  i have four different oyster cards . 
  i 'm probably going down as several people . 
  you realise that uk support for a united europe is like < 10 % ? 
  the current distribution is probably something like 40 % want to leave , 30 % want to renegotiate powers so its just trade with little more , 20 % want the status quo , 10 % to integrate further . 
  i 'll try to look up exact numbers and edit this post . 
  man , the spanish on the tube do my head in . 
  they are the loudest . 
  how do they know there 's twice as many as the official number ? 
  of course they do . 
  i 'm not using that as evidence to show immigration is bad . 
  i 'm using it to show that them paying in during the early years is n't evidence they 're a net benefit long term . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm just saying that taking the time period when they 're paying money in and then lauding that as showing how immigration is beneficial is highly misleading . 
  the chairman of migration watch was known for being an excellent parliamentarian and the internal government researchers on migration have credited them for having good accuracy in their forecasts . 
  meanwhile ucl is a university overwhelmingly based on foreign students , and most of the research team are probably european immgirants , judging by their last names . 
  firstly , we only got the rebate to begin with because half the eu budget it spent on a ludicrous policy to help our continental farmers that we did n't get much of . 
  secondly , we only have half our rebate these days : we gave half of it away for a promise of cap review that never happened . 
  thirdly , no-one has fiscal union . 
  switzerland is closing the borders , which is the `` one '' i mentioned there . 
  anyway , i was making a broader point that eurosceptics are generally derided as being idiots that do n't understand things on this sub , but there 's clearly a fair degree of euroscepticism in the economies that people praise when convenient . 
  as for the net contribution to the exchequer issue , migration watch point out that the analysis would have been very different had you included eu immigrants from before 2001 . 
  that group are increasingly becoming a net negative , because immigrants , like everyone else , contribute money while they 're working , but take money out when they get old and need healthcare and pensions .
