  someone calling it an invasion , not an army . 
  an incursion by a large number of people or things into a place or sphere of activity . 
  `` there was a brief pitch invasion when sunderland scored '' synonyms : influx , inundation , inrush , rush , flood , torrent , deluge , stream , avalanche `` every year the valley suffers an invasion of cars '', 
  lots of people have worn balaclavas and gloves , so we should totally ignore people going into a bank wearing balaclavas and gloves . 
  that 's how ridiculous you sound . 
  pathetic west-hating apologist for extremism bullshit . 
  and in this situation they are using it in the violent context . 
  they are connecting their violent actions with praise for their god . 
  get it now ? 
  you 're seriously trying to claim it 's being used in ** sadness or happiness ** as they * throw rocks at the police * ? 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  some people just do n't want to ever acknowledge criticism of any muslims . 
  if it had a long history of also being used as a war cry by violent groups , i would worry about it . 
  neither i nor someone else said there was a muslim army coming towards europe . 
  you built up a strawman and then mocked people for it when they never said it . 
  you 're seriously trying to claim it 's being used in the peaceful manner as they * throw rocks at the police * ? 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  some people just do n't want to ever acknowledge criticism of any muslims . 
  it 's pretty tiring how left-wingers just lurch to the `` you 're a bigot/racist '' card to shut down uncomfortable discussion . 
  virtually every close-up photo in bbc reports shows women and children . 
  why do n't you list all the christian groups that shouted `` oh my god '' in recent history as they killed civilians ? 
  oh , fuck you . 
  just because i have a legitimate grievance with islamic immigrants throwing rocks at european police forces while shouting well known islamist slogans does n't mean i `` do n't want anything that portrays these people as human beings '' . 
  i donated quite a big chunk of last month 's salary to help the refugee camps . 
  i 'm so fucking sick of muslims and the hard left responding to any criticism by attacking those criticising as being evil/nazis/racists . 
  because it has a long history of being linked to islamist protest . 
  it was shouted at night by the islamic revolutionaries in iran . 
  it was the last thing said by the 9/11 bombers before they flew into the world trade center . 
  it was the main war cry of islamist chechens , al-qaeda and isis . 
  seriously , why the fuck would you shout this while throwing rocks against the police forces of a non-muslim country , unless you have islamist sympathies ? 
  the use as a shout during protests has a long link to militancy that moderate muslims do n't do . 
  they just use it as a saying , not shouting it at the top of their face . 
  so please , fuck off with your attempt to smear me . 
  i saw it on bbc news at 10 last night . 
  the website article shows different footage . 
  when used as a war cry during protests , it is very different . 
  it was used by the 9/11 bombers before impact . 
  it was used by the chechen islamists when going into battle . 
  it was used by the ford hood killer before he started shooting . 
  it is the battle motto for al-qaeda and isis . 
  there are clear extremist connotations beyond `` thank god '' , given it has a long history with islamist protest . 
  you are incapable of using commas correctly , so should probably refrain from such criticism . 
  sorry , i do n't engage in conversation with retards like yourself . 
  yes , marrying someone from outside my country means i 've been rejected by my own country women . 
  and * i 'm * the xenophobe . 
  you really are a retard . 
  the original title is not in english and does not describe what is happening . 
  how is this any different from `` first day in school in romania '' ? 
  this is a ridiculous policy . 
  it seems designed to remove complaints about the sub from the views of most of the users . 
  i posted it to this sub and it got to +27 in about 45 minutes before the moderators shadow removed it . 
  and shouting islamist slogans . 
  the ` allah akhbar ' lines were cut out of the bbc 's footage : http://www.tagesschau.de/multimedia/video/video-117161.html, 
  it suddenly disappeared from the front page of this sub . 
  i 'll have to tell my foreign wife that i hate foreigners . 
  she 'll be most upset . 
  all i am doing is presenting uncensored footage for people to form their own views . 
  yet this is `` fuelling hatred '' . 
  people like you make me sick . 
  like all the somali refugees in the 1990s have gone back ? 
   it 's up to the danish state to send them back home after the crisis in their home countries has been resolved . 
  there 's nobody standing in the way of that . 
  the uk often tries to return asylum seekers but gets turned down as they now have `` a family life '' in the uk according to european courts . 
  the uk 's proposal is sensible - taking people from the actual camps - rather than buying into germany 's stupid policy of incentivising as many people to get to europe as possible . 
  the uk has no obligation to the eu on these matters as she never signed up for the common immigration policy . 
  but you 're doing that under a story about unemployment in a place where the banks were n't bailed out . 
  and where unemployment is higher than in the places they were . 
  i 'm not going to argue a view on whether bailing out banks was a good idea or bad idea here . 
  i 'm only saying that you linking this to a very high eurozone unemployment rate years after the crisis is not a credible one . 
  you 're correct , but it 's hard to see how the eu should be guilted into looking after large numbers of migrants when their sunni muslim arab neighbours wo n't . 
  i think we should restrict asylum to the relatively small numbers of ethnic and religious minorities , like the yazidis , ismailis , syriacs etc , not just anyone leaving syria . 
  a eurozone unemployment rate twice that of the uk and the us shows the bailouts in the uk and the us were bad ideas ? 
  i think you 're on weak ground with this line of argument . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  this is n't just tax relief or loans or a contract for a service . 
  this is directly giving taxpayer funds to companies . 
  that has n't happened in the uk since the bad old days of the 1970s . 
  this sub hates corporate welfare in general , but when the eu does it , people downvote anyone complaining about it . 
  11 % unemployment is the best since october 2011 . 
  fuck , this crisis has been savage . 
  in reality , both the yes side and the no side will need to make different arguments to different types of supporters . 
  that means it probably makes sense to have multiple campaigns . 
  for no , farage can appeal to the working class worried about eu migration and brussels interfering , while someone suited and professional can make the case to metropolitan types that leaving the eu will allow us room for more skilled immigration and less restrictive business regulation . 
  equally , on the yes side , you can get lord sainsbury arguing for the eu to be good for limits on government borrowing and a common market , while the trade unions can argue that the eu is the best chance of achieving a socialist workers state . 
   except the eu does n't just easily give away money . 
  it 's the way you tell them !, 
  * that 's the case with the news that the european commission 's `` creative europe '' programme has given subsidies worth # 13 million to the film and video game industries . 
  and not just in the form of tax breaks -- these are direct grants to commercial firms . 
  over the past three days , we at the taxpayers ' alliance have exposed this wasteful quango for what it is . 
  you 'd be inclined to assume that these subsidies were at least going to worthy efforts -- though that would be no excuse . 
  alas , even that 's not the case . 
  * * take the # 292,000 given to the makers of `` get blake , '' a cartoon which features a child being pursued by a team of three alien squirrels -- the `` squaliens '' -- sent from the future . 
  imagine an animated , knock-off version of the terminator with additional rodents and you 're halfway there . 
  * http://www.conservativehome.com/platform/2015/09/jonathan-isaby-how-brussels-squanders-1-billion-of-your-money-on-cartoons-and-video-games.html edit : sorry , i forgot criticism of the eu was n't liked on this sub . 
  better keep downvoting until this post in hidden . 
  that way we can stop any unhelpful evidence against our worldview being discussed . 
  i 'm pretty confident your mother is not part of a religious community with a widespread belief that western democracy is decadent and to blame for all its problems . 
  i 'm also pretty confident that your mother did n't live in a neighbourhood where there were huge numbers of people of her own national background and thus little pressure to integrate . 
  then there will be a level of money that will change your mind . 
  what on earth are you drivelling on about ?
