  [ 3 ] often , the term `` far right '' is applied to fascists and neo-nazis , [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] and major elements of fascism have been deemed clearly far-right , such as its belief that supposedly superior people have the right to dominate society while purging allegedly inferior elements , and -- in the case of nazism -- genocide of people deemed to be inferior . 
  [ 9 ] claims that superior people should proportionally have greater rights than inferior people are sometimes associated with the far right . 
  [ 10 ] the far right has historically favoured an elitist society based on belief of the legitimacy of the rule of a supposed superior minority over the inferior masses . 
  [ 11 ] far-right politics usually involves anti-immigration and anti-integration stances towards groups that are deemed inferior and undesirable . 
  [ 12 ] concerning the socio-cultural dimension ( nationality , culture and migration ) , one far-right position could be the view that certain ethnic , racial or religious groups should stay separate , and that the interests of one 's own group should be prioritised . 
  why french ? 
  it 's spoken at nowhere near the level of english across the continent . 
  generally the far right have wanted a unified europe as being a strong representative of the white race . 
  fascists like mosley supported the idea going back a half century . 
  it 's the moderate right that tend to be opposed , preferring national democracies . 
  i really do n't want the french and the germans in charge of our foreign policy , thanks very much . 
  looks like a frenchie in disguise , boys ... get him !, 
  i 'm sorry but an economic study is not `` the truth '' . 
  it entirely depends on the assumptions you make and which effects you analyse . 
  it is worth bearing in mind that there were plenty of oecd studies showing the euro would be economically beneficial , which turns out not to have been the case . 
  i have n't gone through this oecd study in detail , but the treasury one that previously came out included some very dodgy assumptions . 
  for example , it assumed - with no basis whatsoever - that eea membership did not benefit service companies when compared to wto rules . 
  it also assumed that gdp was the same thing as household income ( when the former is much larger ) . 
  it also divided the gdp gap in 2030 by the number of households in 2015 to get a larger number . 
  from what i can see from this oecd report , it sizes the effect of reduced trade with the eu due to higher non-tariff barriers , which would obviously be a negative from brexit . 
  what it does not analyse is the improved effect of having more tailored regulation for the uk , or any effect from signing trade deals with non-eu partners . 
  in short , it sizes the costs but not the benefits of brexit , and , surprise , surprise , finds a negative effect overall . 
  i know how these things work as i have written these sorts of reports for a living . 
  plenty of people choose their assumptions to fit the answer they wish to get . 
  having a healthy scepticism of such reports does not make you someone that wo n't accept `` the truth '' . 
  it means you 're not an idiot . 
  hey , be fair . 
  most of those were just ethnic cleansing !, 
  but only on the basis that he has to co-rule with a woman and accept parliamentary sovereignty and sign a bill of rights !, 
  well , my country got over its civil war by putting in place a constitutional monarchy with parliamentary supremacy , adopting a bill of rights , and then going on to have a scientific revolution , leading the industrial revolution and creating the greatest empire the world has ever seen . 
  so that seems to work . 
  do that !, 
  if they go through with it then it will mean the leave side will see it as an undemocratic and illegitimate referendum , and wo n't accept the result . 
  we 'll have another referendum within a couple of years . 
  i suppose that will be on someone else 's watch and wo n't hurt cameron 's legacy though ... 
  no , the document is entirely one sided . 
  you can view it online . 
  when do you do this full test ? 
  after the child is born ? 
  paul krugman supports international free trade deals . 
  is he `` centre-right '' too ? 
  how is a drone strike any different to snipers during ww2 ? 
  this is the obama whose first priority in office was to implement a law that expanded healthcare for 20 million people ( and climbing ) ? 
  or the one that just brought in stringent climate regulations that has shut down coal companies in the us ? 
  the reality is there is a segment of the left-wing that revels in its purism . 
  it will yell corporate sell-out at any left leaner that actually achieves political power and realises trade-offs need to be made when you are actually governing , rather than screaming from the sidelines . 
  i remember back in the 1970s when they said yes these japs are growing very quickly , but they 'd never be able to compete with western style innovation . 
  it just turned out to be a rather lousy stereotype based on western chauvinism . 
  it obviously takes time to move up the value chain , but china will get there . 
  it is just at a more middling state of development but is following the path of the other asian tigers which reached western development levels . 
   it 's hard to find a party who has a realistic view of what europe stands for that 's because `` europe '' is a continent of dozens of individual countries , each with their unique own history , culture and traditions . 
  given that the us would never accept unrestricted immigration from poor countries in north america or international courts that can override us law , its the height of hypocrisy to demand its allies do the same . 
  no , it 's not . 
  vat is only 20 % when the cost of food is often twice the price , and agricultural subsidies are lower in the usa than in the eu . 
  food prices in the uk are substantially higher than in usa , canada , australia , south africa etc. 
  i find it hilarious that some people effectively argue `` we need to pay high food prices all the time so we do n't have to pay high prices in the event of a food shortage '' . 
  that 's the spin the pro-migration guardian puts on it . 
  i think this is more revealing : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/netherlands/1479533/frustrated-somalis-flee-holland-for-the-freedom-of-britain.html  adan igeh hussein , of the somali european forum , said somalis felt bullied by a `` forced assimilation '' policy , which orders them to live apart in scattered housing . 
   `` it 's not that the british are more friendly than the dutch , it is just that they let us stay as we are . 
  somalis can integrate without losing their cultural identity , '' he said . 
  the uk has problems enough with its current muslim population , we 're never going to have integration if we face another wave of second-hand immigration from germany by staying in the eu . 
  how would that be global ? 
  right but we were n't comparing ` land power in europe ' . we were comparing land power anywhere in the globe . 
  therefore british land power in india , chinese in china etc all counts , even if its not movable . 
  britain had a very large army in india , and a massive population and reource base to call on there . 
  defeating the maratha empire 20 years earlier on land showed their power . 
  ok you 've persuaded me on the usa . 
  that 's why i said `` probably '' . 
  it depends whether you go on army size alone , or potential to deploy military land power . 
  by the 1870 , france was probably behind not only the uk but also russia and the usa in the great land power stakes . 
  you need to inform yourself . 
  a big chunk of those ` refugees ' will get german passports in time and , if the uk is still in the eu , many will come to the uk . 
  this is what a third of dutch somalis did . 
  so we already have a problem with the misogyny of pakistani muslim populations . 
  why would we add to that by adding in a whole bunch of arab muslim populations by staying in the eu ? 
  we tried to be powerful in the eu under blair . 
  he fought for us to be `` at the heart of europe '' . 
  he even gave away half our rebate to show willing but got nothing for it . 
  the eu will never give a non-euro member major influence . 
  its a franco-german project and always will be . 
  its already an eu dominated by france and germany . 
  they have their own summit to form a joint position before every eu summit and the rest of us are left to negotiate the details . 
  thats why the uk is leaving to start . 
  we 're in agreement but back to my central point . 
  if free movement is a positive thing , the uk is being foolish and getting a worse deal being outside it . 
  if the uk is getting an unfairly good deal , free movement must be a negative . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  its only unfair if you think being part of said eu policy areas is a bad thing , so the uk gets a better deal from being outside them . 
  as far as i understand it , the other members think integration in those areas is a good thing . 
  thats why they did it in the first place . 
  but equally it costs the eu nothing to give him a few opt outs . 
  they 're just not doing so out of ideological dogmatism . 
  major reforms were initially planned but caneron found he would never get them so he dropped them . 
  heck blair gave up half the uk 's rebate to get cap reform and the eu did n't follow through . 
  what he gives in return is a continued # 12bn to the eu every year . 
  without this deal , the eu will not get that as the uk will leave . 
  why do we even allow these wealthy saudis and russians to maintain their foreign maids when they come here ? 
  there are plenty of eu workers who could do the job , and they would be more likely to know their rights . 
  end the whole visa category . 
   it is utterly unrealistic to expect all those brought up in fundamentalist religious cultures -- conservative islam being the largest , but by no means the only such culture -- to be able suddenly and completely to ditch all aspects of the pervasive environment they were brought up in .
