  we could sign a simple free trade agreement , along the lines of the eu-korea deal . 
  canada has half the population of the uk . 
  the united states may have added immigrants to the mix , but it 's overwhelmingly of one english culture that others have integrated to . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  the point is that canada and the usa get together fine without union between them . 
  the same is true of new zealand and australia . 
  or , in fact , sweden and norway . 
  not at the point of his election . 
  millions of people voted for him in the senate election , virtually everyone in the election would have known who he was . 
  it 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  somehow every other trade bloc in the world works without forcing open door immigration . 
  well , when people started voting no in referendums , they then ignored the results , cancelled future referendums and went ahead anyway . 
  yes , it is a bit more , but we could get most of it through a free trade agreement . 
  the stuff beyond that is n't worth the cost of mass unskilled migration , regulation being constantly voted through against our will , the inability to sign free trade deals with the rest of the world , nine billion in membership fees every year , the erosion of national sovereignty , the higher food prices from the cap , etc etc. 
  no , because if we left the eu you can unilaterally reduce incoming tariffs to whatever you want . 
  i do n't think the parliamentary system was less democratic , but i think the complete lack of knowledge among the peoples of europes about the party groupings mean that it was n't any more democratic . 
  i 'd support a direct election for the commission president . 
  i suspect a eurosceptic candidate would do pretty well . 
  there 's a clear difference , however , in that juncker 's quotes were n't jokes . 
  they were his honest views . 
  virtually every single american knew barack obama 's name when he got elected . 
  no-one knew of barosso either , i agree , but then no-one was claiming he had democratic legitimacy . 
  it puts up large trade barriers , however , which we should be removing . 
  check out the common external tariff . 
  you do n't need ever closer union into a superstate to have trust , cooperation and peace . 
  canada and the usa do it just fine . 
  yes , the relatively few * necessary * ones . 
  it 's the eu that is isolationist and protectionist . 
  my lot want to expand trade with the rest of the world . 
  your first one was when violent scottish thugs attacked the pub he was in for daring to visit scotland . 
  the second one has a point to it . 
  your third one was actually between a group of romanian men and a german family . 
  the last one was a joke . 
  sorry , i think i misread your previous post first time round . 
  i accidentally typed an `` is n't '' rather than an `` is '' in my first post , which i 've only just spotted . 
  i do n't think we 're actually in disagreement . 
  we both agree the parliament increased its power from one of acceptance/rejection by refusing to listen to any other candidates . 
  america does n't make half our laws . 
  the eu does . 
  terrorism is the targeted killing of civilians to spread terror among the population as a political tactic . 
  civilians that have died from the uk and us governments of recent years , while sad , was accidental . 
  it 's hardly putting nail bombs in shopping malls . 
  some people are easily brainwashed by hearing one biased account . 
  giving the employment flow is net inwards , there are far more practical barriers to employment from being a member than not being a member . 
  but somehow i 've worked in australia , the united states and across africa despite us not being in political union with them . 
  though 2019 will hopefully be a time we 've left by . 
  you leaving for germany sounds like something we can all consent to . 
   taking into account the elections to the european parliament and after having held the appropriate consultations , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall propose to the european parliament a candidate for president of the commission . 
  this candidate shall be elected by the european parliament by a majority of its component members . 
  if he does not obtain the required majority , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall within one month propose a new candidate who shall be elected by the european parliament following the same procedure . 
  the choice of proposal goes to the council , and that proposal gets an up and down vote in the parliament . 
  since when does an economic market need a foreign action service or common arrest warrant ? 
  nafta works very effectively as a trading bloc without any political union . 
  i see you 've run out of sensible arguments . 
  it is when you believe in national sovereignty . 
  if people are are skilled and talented , they should be able to get in anywhere . 
  it 's absurd that a homeless man from romania can migrate to the uk more easily than a top surgeon from japan . 
  i can quote the bit from the treaty if you like . 
  yes , i meant the commission . 
  thanks for your detail , but that clearly gives the choice of candidates to the council . 
  what 's not supposed to happen is that the parliament proposes someone to the council and says we wo n't listen to anyone you propose except this guy . 
  the accumulated democratic will where parties of right , left and centre come together to form a single coalition to put through a guy as president that most voters have n't heard of . 
  you ca n't have a democratic will at the european level , because there 's no functioning demos . 
  the peace and stability of europe was thanks to the collective defence of nato , guaranteed by american troops in germany . 
  economic growth happened because the eastern bloc abandoned socialism and adopted a liberal market system , thanks to the west winning the cold war . 
  as for political accountability , well , that 's a laugh : how many times in the last decade has the eu had its accounts signed off ? 
  for all the crap people spout about thatcher , no-one in their right minds would want to renationalise industries from telecoms to car plants , to reinstitute price controls , to allow unions to go on strike without membership votes or to bring in 95 % taxes . 
  since the 1990s , the uk has actually seen faster economic growth than most other western european nations , after we were the `` poor man of europe '' during our 70s socialist period . 
  as i pointed out clearly , the french regularly demand special concessions from the eu , and they get it . 
  when the british do the same , we 're vilified as having an `` island mentality '' . 
  if only the eu listened to us more , they would n't be in the current mess with the euro . 
  actually , it was actually created to steal sovereignty from every european country and form a new superstate . 
  that 's what `` ever closer union '' means . 
  that 's because it is established in the uk constitutional system that the mp that can most easily command a majority in the commons becomes prime minister . 
  the eu treaties on the other hand , says that the european council should be the main decision making body in choosing the president of the council . 
  most of the people in most other eu countries also had not heard of juncker , so you ca n't blame this on the hated english . 
   this sort of makes cameron right , but as he pulled his party out of the epp , he certainly had no say in the matter whatsoever , and should take the blame for his own stupid decisions . 
  how dare the guy pull out of a party grouping that has core beliefs fundamentally at odds with his party ? 
  they do n't have that right . 
  the treaties clearly say the council should choose the president , with the parliament merely having approval power . 
  the epp and the pes just made-up this `` right '' before the elections . 
  how come when the uk opposes an issue , it is labelled as obstructionist and its concerns are ignored , but when the french oppose an issue , everyone just gives in to them . 
  the us-eu trade deal was a case in point : the french demanded special opt outs before they 'd even allow us to sit down with the americans , and everyone else buckled . 
  it 's one rule for the french and one rule for the uk . 
  i think it just comes down to a deep-seated anglophobia . 
  the fact you always reference the `` english '' is a clear insight into this . 
  there 's plenty of ways that sovereignty can be transferred without a treaty . 
  heck , we saw that today . 
  the council of national leaders * is * supposed to choose the commission president , but there 's just been a power grab by the european parliament . 
  edit : words . 
  that 's because the single market is about economics , which is fine . 
  what we do n't want is political union . 
  we should have just kept it as a single market , but instead they 've bolted all this idiotic stuff on top . 
  it 's a shame , the uk could have been a strong player in a european community . 
  but the eu has made clear it 's not willing to compromise with the uk 's views , so we 'll have to leave . 
  i think you 'll find that most people in the uk had indeed heard of david cameron when he was elected . 
  this whole process happened because the parliament told the council that it would only accept one candidate , and refused to compromise on anyone else , even though it 's supposed to just have approval powers for the council 's choice . 
  churchill never wanted the uk to be part of a united states of europe . 
  we were sold the thing in the 1970s as being an `` economic community '' . 
  we were told at the time of lisbon that it was a `` tidying up exercise '' .
