  whether eu migration will be a net positive in the longer term remains to be seen . 
   that 's far less easy to do than to say , armchair economist . 
  it 's exactly what the cap is doing , anyway : turning food producers into land managers . 
  if our concern is land management , there are far cheaper ways to do it . 
  the sort of employment shift i 'm talking about is moving people off the taxpayer teat , not shifting government-funded roles . 
   higher labor productivity and lower land productivity , which corroborates what i 'm saying . 
  fair enough . 
  do you have a source they have lower land productivity ? 
   well , no wonder , you rephrased it into a straw man . 
  i agree that your rephrasing does n't make sense . 
  perhaps you can restate how easier infrastructure planning requires subsidies for land ownership in a way that makes sense . 
   no , because the agricultural patrimony in europe is splintered in small parcels and we ca n't enjoy the economies of scale . 
  you ca n't run the same monster mowers in europe like you can on the american prairie , nor do we have the space to let huge herds of animals roam like in new zealand . 
  new zealand has also phased out subsidies in arable farming and also saw productivity increases there . 
  99 % of farms survived , suggesting there was n't devastation in any sector . 
   you conveniently forget to mention the disadvantages , like soil exhaustion . 
  the midwest is losing tons of soil every year . 
  it 's just a matter of time before they start hitting rocks . 
  you ca n't farm land like you run a factory . 
  new zealand 's experience of removing subsidies saw a reduction in soil erosion , and a reduction of fertilizer and pesticide use . 
   you 're arguing against the cap of 30-40 years ago . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  we still have them : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/4316726/eu-butter-mountain-to-return.html, 
   of course this fantasy is a thing of the past - the truth is that we europeans are dying out , and without immigrants we will be in very big trouble in a few decades . 
  depends on the country - the uk has a high birth rate , even among the white british . 
  also , living in an integrated country with a strong set of common values and a uniting culture is not `` an idyllic bubble '' . 
  you just need immigration at a moderate level , so immigrants can integrate faster than they come . 
   closing down borders and pretending this is n't happening is just not an option . 
  no-one is advocating closing down borders , so you 're arguing against a strawman . 
  the ukip position is a points system , so you restrict immigration to the more highly skilled . 
  much of the uk 's somali population came via asylum in the netherlands and then free movement of labour in the eu , so the things are n't unrelated . 
  it 's a very fair point , but given that much of the first generation will be here another fifty years or so , high immigration can cause a big cultural impact for quite a long time just on that . 
  i think most people are capable of telling the difference in terms of cultural impact . 
  i also think people are aware of the effect of both types of immigration on things like public services and housing availability , in which country origin does n't matter much . 
  it also depends on the time period analysed . 
  as migration watch have pointed out , immigrants , tend to be a net positive when they come here young , and then be a net negative when they get old . 
  i could equally mock the eu supporters as saying `` muh phone charges !, 
  '' , but then stupid comments that attack pro-eu people do n't get upvotes like stupid comments that attack eurosceptics . 
  no , special treatment is the germans and the french agreeing a joint position before every eu summit that they can then bulldoze through . 
  that 's the special inner circle . 
  it must be pretty easy to argue against your opponents if you just pick comments from news articles . 
  if you bothered to read the article , you might have found that out . 
  * migration watch chairman sir andrew green told the bbc : `` if you take all eu migration including those who arrived before 2001 what you find is this : you find by the end of the period they are making a negative contribution and increasingly so . 
  * * `` and the reason is that if you take a group of people while they 're young fit and healthy they 're not going to be very expensive , but if you take them over a longer period they will be . 
  an intelligent opponent of unrestricted migration making valid arguments !, 
   i 'd wager the problem is likely more present here than it is in nordic countries , and switzerland . 
  yet out of the five more intelligent countries you mention , two think being in the eu is a bad idea , four have avoided joining the euro , and one has just placed immigration limits on european migration ( in defiance of treaty agreements ) . 
  i guess the `` eurosceptics must all be thick '' argument breaks down here . 
   tldr : people are stupid - politicians know this and cater to them most people in the uk would like to reduce immigration by a lot , yet are n't the sort of people to abuse foreigners in pubs . 
  please do n't equate them . 
   all the extra unemployed people and the consequent results on the rest of the economy ? 
  there would n't be extra unemployed people as long as there was a sensible phase out . 
  the wealthier population would use the money to buy more stuff , creating more jobs elsewhere . 
   new zealand is much less densely populated . 
  that means they can both afford to have a lower land productivity , so they need less investments , and enjoy advantages of scale that simply are n't possible in a european context . 
  new zealand has higher productivity in agriculture than we do . 
   new zealand has only been colonized recently , and was never victim to big disruption akin to world wars . 
  consequently the infrastructure and settlements are rather straightforward and there are no leftovers and oddities that bother planning . 
  it 's also easier to a make a new start because there 's much more slack in the spatial planning , as opposed to europe where every scrap of land already is occupied and probably was for centuries . 
  no , it 's just victim of huge earthquakes . 
  they do n't bring big disruptions at all . 
  again , this is all a very vague argument . 
  `` they have greater ease of building infrastructure , therefore less need to pay people to leave fields fallow . '', 
  that does n't make any snese at all . 
   all this taken into account means that an unqualified liberalization would simply mean that agriculture in europe would practically stop : they ca n't compete on labour productivity with the large farms of the recently colonized lands , nor with the low price of labour of third world countries because of the cost of living . 
  and for what purpose ? 
  70 % of the eu 's agricultural imports already come from third world countries . 
  new zealand saw increased labour productivity from scrapping its agricultural subsidies , and we would see similar things here from the well managed farms . 
  greater mechanization in a competitive market would be a big part of that . 
  you are correct that some activity would cease , but the fact that we 're currently building up grain mountains and milk lakes means we can reduce a lot less without harm . 
  as for `` for what purpose '' , it would be helping very hard-up european consumers have more money in their pockets to have a better life . 
  cap adds # 400 to every food bill : http://www.taxpayersalliance.com/reports/european-union/2009/01/food-for-thought-how-the-common-agricultural-policy-costs-families-nearly-400-a-year.html and your comments on new zealand are so vague its ridiculous . 
  `` we ca n't possibly see what the effects of eliminating this policy are from when it 's been done elsewhere , because difference . '', 
  new zealand has a very similar environment for agriculture as europe , and raises similar livestock and grows similar crops . 
  it 's highly relevant . 
  you 're not basing your conclusion on evidence - you 've decided on your conclusion and will ignore any contrary evidence . 
  somehow new zealand manages to feed itself , and not have rampant unemployment in its cities , despite not having subsidies . 
  it 's also an utterly absurd argument that we should pay high food prices all the time to avoid the danger of having high food prices sometimes . 
  like i said , it 's a disgrace of a policy . 
  ah , someone who is n't bright enough to debate arguments on their merits , so engages in ad hominem attacks . 
   there was starvation in germany after the second world war due to germany being unable to import food stuff from neighboring countries . 
  also in the north , in finland , we had from 1939 to 1954 rationing to keep the population somehow fed . 
  no , it was because there had been a scorched earth war on their own farming land . 
  they were actually too dependent on farms in just one part of the world : europe . 
  the uk had international trade and brought in food from all around the world during both world wars . 
  yes , they ramped up their own food supply during the crisis through `` dig to victory '' campaigns , but they could show that even in the case of global war , you did n't need to spend billions on agricultural subsidies beforehand . 
  and the prospect of global war is far , far less now than it was in the 1930s . 
  this fortress europe mentality is orwellian nonsense . 
   the current cap that is more orientated towards food security is like an insurance against a very bad day . 
  if there would be a global crisis that would cut down the global trade , if we do n't have our own food production then we are going to loose the most valuable asset that we have : our people . 
  please tell me what is this global crisis that would entirely cut us off from a food supply from north america , south america , africa and australasia all at once , and come on with virtually no warning whatsoever . 
  this is a canard . 
  the fact that we do n't have energy security even from russia , which is a far more pressing thing , shows that the politicians do n't care about this . 
  it 's all to protect farming lobbies . 
   that is not actually true . 
  if the farmers in the developing world could export more to europe , the local food prices would go up . 
  not to mention that in todays day and age , developing countries can attract foreign direct investment base their development on top of that . 
  just look at china !, 
  thanks to them opening up their economy and accepting fdi they are going to be the superpower of the later half of the 21th century !, 
  if food prices went up locally there , then more land would be farmed and more food would be grown there .
