  that 's why you should n't fucking let them in . 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/603011/migrant-crisis-britain-given-1billion-aid-syria-aylan-call-action edit : downvoted for providing a source . 
  love it . 
  no , i 'm sure they 'd disagree . 
  but the uk population still resident in the uk dwarfs them many , many times over , and thus their views have a bigger majority in a democratic system . 
  five million refugees homeless on the borders of syria is n't part of the refugee crisis ... sure . 
  this conversation is n't worth continuing , clearly . 
  `` stuck in greece '' . 
  what a ridiculous example of european parochialism . 
  the refugee crisis was on the borders of syria , where five million have been in camps . 
  a country like the uk has been contributing far more cash than any other european nation to funding those camps for several years now . 
  as for passports , you know full well that a very large number of these migrants will be granted passports within the next ten years , and with that unlimited rights to live and work anywhere in the eu . 
  to be honest , the uk agreed to opened up its borders to europeans , but germany went ahead and then unilaterally opened up its borders to the world . 
  if you hand out passports to half a million middle easterners , that affects everyone else in the eu . 
  i do n't think that 's fair . 
  i think most of the public would accept losing free travel access in exchange for being able to control eu immigration . 
  i do n't know , i get the impression a lot of countries want a full on political union rather than just an economic club . 
  if it was just an economic club , the uk would be comfortable staying in . 
  in my experience , we know the europeans do n't have any feelings towards us and we do n't think you will be heartbroken if we leave . 
  in fact , that 's exactly the reason why a lot of us think we should leave . 
  if there 's no love in the marriage , then why stay married ? 
  it 's like one partner saying `` hey , this is n't working for me , can we make some changes ? '', 
  and the other one shrugging in response . 
  of course the first one is going to leave . 
  so as long as we do exactly what they want , we 'll be on good terms . 
  but dare to oppose a european federal state ? 
  then they hate us . 
  yeah , not an appealing option . 
  but it 's not banter . 
  i hear all the time genuine dislike of britain from other europeans when we talk about european politics . 
  and the actions of the eu and other national governments shows complete contempt for our concerns . 
  but that 's the majority of the continent . 
  this sub has just shown me that the rest of europe detests the uk , does n't want to ever listen to our concerns ( even when we 're right on things like the euro and the migrant crisis ) and delights in bad news for us . 
  why would we want to be part of something with people that feel like that towards us ? 
  yeah , well at least we 're not an economically collapsed bloc with a failed currency overrun with middle eastern migrants and unable to stand up to russia . 
  the contempt for britain on this sub has made me make up my mind to vote leave . 
  i do n't want to stay part of a club that despises us . 
  whatever status the uk wants to give the city of london is a matter for the uk . 
  if the eu does not want to respect that , then the uk can make up its mind if it would rather leave . 
  your claims about norway are just untrue . 
  for something to move from being an eu law to an eea law it requires unanimity of the other three eea members . 
  the uk was told it would lose out by leaving the erm . 
  it was told it would lose out by not joining schengen . 
  it was also told it would lose out by not joining the eurozone . 
  we 're not regretting any of those decisions . 
  tell me about it . 
  can you imagine if , say , france demanded special treatment ? 
  they would make outrageous demands like huge corporate subsidies for the agriculture sector and that their media sector was protected before we even started trade negotiations with the usa !, 
  the eu would never give into that , so why should they accommodate britain ? 
  no , it 's not , given the eurosceptics openly admit that the reforms they feel are needed to protect british national interest are unlikely to be achieved inside the eu and thus we should leave . 
  the ridiculous position is by the moderate right who claim we can stay in the eu yet not gradually be absorbed into a single eu federation . 
  the reality is that there is a large disconnect between continental europe and the majority of the british public here . 
  for example , something like 70 % + of the uk public want to end free movement of labour . 
  cameron is trying to straddle an impossible divide . 
  you 're correct it will be around for a while yet , but to say it is not failing is just sticking your head in the sand . 
  have a read of this : http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/28/business/international/how-a-currency-intended-to-unite-europe-wound-up-dividing-it.html that 's from the new york times , a non-eu paper , so they hardly have an axe to grind . 
   while brexit is going to put the uk in a worse position than if it remained . 
  you 're only saying that because that 's what most economists are currently warning . 
  but they could be wrong , like they were about the euro . 
  we shall see . 
   economists warned about the structural problems of the euro when it was proposed , but the politicians felt such a prestigious project had to be carried through . 
  economists correctly pointed out what would happen , with a strong north and a weak southern europe . 
  this is an exagerration . 
  70 % of uk economists supported joining the euro , for example . 
  there were a handful of foresightful economics that disagreed , but they were very much in the minority . 
  reminds me of another situation recently ... 
  this sounds like the arrogant sneering attitude that screwed the remain side in the referendum . 
  you seem like a thoughtful person that i should definitely engage with . 
  you mean some sort of ... continental system ? 
  that 's a bit of a glib response . 
  the economic arguments for brexit were ( a ) we could get better trade deals unconstrained by the eu and ( b ) we could improve our regulatory sysem outside the eu . 
  obviously , those things have n't had a chance to even be tried yet , so solid conclusions about the results wo n't be able to be made for years . 
  we have a fixed term parliament act that means parliament lasts until 2020 . 
  the only way that changes is if the act is repealed ( takes a year or so ) or if the tories join in a vote of no confidence against their own leader . 
  why would they do that in the middle of an economic slowdown/recession ? 
  actually its a mix of both . 
  part of the survey is based on actual purchasing from managers , but part of it is also based on their expectations for firm 's profits . 
  if i state it 's outright , it 's because i believe the sources from them are strong . 
  i try to say when it 's less clear ( e.g. 
  `` claims '' or `` apparently '' ), 
  read my comment on first thread pointing out how many people went missing under previous military rule . 
  i 'm just stating the current challenge to the military and it 's not much right now . 
  they have control in istanbul and ankara . 
  if there 's a successful challenge to the coup , it will be from east/south of country , but we have no news from there yet . 
  it 's gulen , a reformist muslim leader . 
  it does n't seem like he is involved at all , but erdogan loyalists are claiming he 's behind it all . 
  just a propaganda claim really . 
  edit 57 : small numbers of erdogan supporters clearly challenging the military in some places . 
  a bunch in ankara were scared back from approaching military lines by the military firing over their heads . 
  a man was killed after he shouted `` allah akhbar '' as he ran towards troops in istanbul . 
  edit 58 : gunfire being heard in istanbul now . 
  think this is military scaring back crowds . 
  edit 59 : there are small crowds in ankara angrily protesting against the coup . 
  but they are chanting near journalists , not challenging military lines . 
  edit 60 : there are groups of around 100 people in various places in ankara waving turkish flags and photos of erdogan . 
  they are scatted and unorganised . 
  no challenge to the military . 
  edit 61 : a few explosions more in ankara , but not really major . 
  there 's more and more gunfire , but this seems like warning shots rather than shooting of civilians . 
  edit 62 : a group of civilians charged the military on the bosphorus bridge in istanbul .
