  you can point to specific parts of the uk that have a kosovan community , for instance . 
  and when these asylum seekers get citizenship , they will start bringing more people from back home via family ties . 
  just look at how the somali population of the uk has rocketed . 
  race and culture are very different things . 
  it 's not eu laws , it 's international agreements on asylum . 
  i believe english has more words than any other language , which suggests it 's anything but simple . 
  only if you look at a single quarter . 
  and what happens if a whole bunch of them decide to set up camp in london 's parks , as some roma from eastern europe have done ? 
  it only takes 20 camped out to ruin a local green space . 
  it could also swing the balance in the brexit referendum . 
  answering for openness , so would appreciate people do n't downvote me : - i think the uk would do economically better outside the eu - i want to limit immigration to more reasonable historic levels - i want an english parliament to address the unfairness in our constitutional setup - i want to meet our 2 % defence spending target , especially with russia throwing their weight around, 
  thanks . 
  i personally feel your overstating the importance of the differences in these issues ( e.g. 
  i think ttip would pass in just slightly amended form even if the s&d were the largest bloc ) , but you 've certainly provided food for thought . 
  as an englishman , i 'm simply fed up of the idea that our primary concern should always be whether scots are being kept happy enough to stay in . 
  either the scots should accept they are part of the uk , and accept that sometimes governments you dislike get into power , or they should leave . 
  this `` we 'll stay in but only if you keep on appeasing us '' is very tiresome . 
  it 's notorious * in the eu * for its euroscpeticism , because the rest of the continent is a lot more consistently europhile , not because the rest of the continent is more objective . 
  it 's worth bearing in mind that there is no taxpayer-funded institution that can publish rebuttals of pro-eu euromyths , like the `` three million jobs are at risk '' ( denied by the man whose paper it came from ) or the `` the eu is the largest market in the world '' ( it 's not - nafta is ) . 
  that 's because there is n't a demos at the european level with continental swings . 
  the european elections are just aggregations of national elections , mainly played out for national reasons . 
  could you explain to me how the eu 's position on acta , ttip , ceta , maternity directive or tobacco products directive would have changed with different parliamentary election results ? 
  that 's a genuine question . 
  i know the parliament is more powerful than it was , but i frankly do n't see much difference between the leadership of the epp , pes or alde in the ep . 
  they all seem to just want to bring more powers to the eu level and expand the eu budget . 
   given they 've always had a pretty free run in uk media and politics . 
  i think this is something that comes from your perspective . 
  pro-eu people feel that eurosceptics have a free run , while eurosceptics feel like the media is heavily biased towards the pro-eu side . 
  for what it 's worth , when clegg and farage debated the eu issue , most of the viewers sided with farage . 
  because the snp have surged in the polls so much , they have very strong grounds to put another referendum on their platform for the scottish parliamentary elections next year , and they will likely win those elections . 
  it will be very hard for a tory government to resist that call without causing a constitutional crisis . 
  and if a referendum is held , it will be amidst a further five years of tory government , opposed by the vast majority of scots . 
  i often avoid responding to posts on this sub , because any eurosceptic view gets downvoted , but in the spirit of open discussion : - i would much prefer open trading relationships , where we have multiple trade deals with a number of geographies ( eu , nafta , commonwealth nations etc ) than full a single market access with just the eu . 
  given the eu is a rapidly falling share of the world economy , this seems economically prudent . 
  - i find the thing undemocratic . 
  i ca n't remember any time the results of a european election has affected the program of the eu executive . 
  i do n't like living in such a bureuacracy-run system of governance . 
  i do n't like it when policies are agreed at the eu , and then ca n't be revisited because `` it took four years to do this , we wo n't revisit it again '' . 
  that does n't happen in national democracy so much . 
  - even if it was democratic , i find that the rest of the continent tends to have views that are very different from the views of the uk . 
  i much prefer an individual liberty , free market view of the world ( although i know that 's unpopular on reddit ) , and we wo n't get this inside the eu . 
  - i think there is a lot of corruption in the eu . 
  the eu blames this on member states , but i do n't see why my taxes should be handed over to programs in romania , italy etc where so much goes missing . 
  - i think there is far too much immigration to the uk , and transport congestion , house prices and shortages of public service appointments are clearly related to excessive levels . 
  i think it would benefit our country a lot more to have points system , where we let in the skilled immigrants , but bar the unskilled , beggars , convicted criminals etc. 
  this was a similar situation in denmark with the euro referendum and the pro-eu side still lost . 
  also see the french , dutch and irish treaty referenda . 
  we remained the uk when ireland left and we 'll remain the uk should scotland leave . 
  we 'll just be the united kingdom of england , wales and northern ireland . 
  i 'll have you know we use decimal points here in the uk !, 
  no , it 's not . 
  i voted for ukip in a seat where ukip for 3 % of the vote and the tories lost out by 2 % . 
  this sends a sign to the tories that they need to move their policies in a more ukip direction to win some seats . 
  ( i accept a similar effect may be happening in the other direction due to other people voting lib dem over tory , but i am having an effect by voting this way . ), 
  yes , in scotland , more voters voted for snp than all other parties combined . 
  then why do n't you provide three major examples of eu policies that have changed from the right winning in the parliament over the left , or vice versa ? 
  yes , i would . 
  i think the interest of the whole country need to be put first , not one proportion of it . 
  i feel the same whether we 're talking about east anglia or scotland . 
  if scotland feels like it only wants to stay if it gets its way , then they 're not really invested in this country anyway . 
  sure . 
  we have evidence of farage making one homophobic joke once , so i guess he 's pretty low on the scale . 
  farage was n't a banker ... he was a stockbroker . 
  it 's funny how the people that most hate the bankers are too ignorant to actually understand the finance industry . 
  they also want to eliminate economic growth . 
  mad as a box of frogs . 
  the same council that allowed more than a thousand children to get raped by pakistani gangs , and sent people bringing up the issue to diversity training . 
  because he 's the only one proposing sensible levels of immigration , control of our borders , meeting our nato-obligated defence spending , an english parliament , and recall mechanisms for mps . 
  no , he talked about the difference between `` a group of romanian men '' versus a german wife and children . 
  sure . 
  but that does n't contradict what zamza_n said . 
  not op , but i 'm also voting ukip . 
  i do n't think it 's isolationism and xenophobia at all . 
  i want to leave the eu because i feel like the uk would do economically better if we negotiated our trade deals with multiple trade blocs , rather than putting all our eggs in one basket with the eu . 
  personally , i find the eu a rather antiquated provincial institution , that is focused on old-fashioned 1970s tariffs and industry subsidies . 
  i find most of the blatant lies and pandering comes from the pro-eu side , such as nick clegg 's claim about `` three million jobs at risk '' . 
  it 's great to see this sub is moving in a more open-minded and tolerant direction . 
  such views used to get downvoted . 
  given ukip are going to let all eu migrants currently in the uk stay , presumably some sort of deal would be worked out . 
  most of the british ex-pats elsewhere in the eu are retirees , who get paid benefits by the british government to spend money in other countries yet do n't add competition to the job market . 
  it would be pretty stupid to kick them out . 
  people like him do n't explain . 
  there are intelligent pro-eu people who will have a civil discussion . 
  and then there are the idiots who just shout about how the other side are all retards , because they 're not bright enough to debate on the merits . 
  even if we left , it does n't have to be a uk vs eu thing . 
  i would hope that we could get on amicably like canada and the usa , or australia and new zealand do . 
  we 'll still be neighbours , trading partners and military allies . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  somalis put in a lot of effort to come to the uk but they 're not typically great contributors . 
  i know i 'm coming in late here , but it 's so refreshing to see someone speaking sense on this issue ... 
  eu citizens could spend five years in the uk , get british citizenship and then move to australia . 
  i ca n't speak to the front nationale , but it 's not true at all for ukip . 
  they have a stronger libertarian streak than the rest of the parties , wanting to allow smoking in private bars and hunting again . 
  they are strong supporters of parliamentarism , wanting less control by the executive , which is completely against the autocratic nature of the far right . 
  they even want more direct democracy along swiss lines , to further entrench democratic sentiment among the public . 
  far from believing in social hierarchy , they dislike the current government by a metropolitan elite and want to expand grammar schools so kids from poor backgrounds can get more opportunities . 
  and they strongly support efforts to increase integration rather than supporting ethnic division as groups like the bnp do . 
  edit : oh , and they detest fascists and nazis , and believe the british efforts in defeating such evil was our greatest hour . 
  generally when someone describes ukip as a `` far right '' party , i immediately disregard them as someone worth listening to on politics . 
  * far-right politics commonly include authoritarianism , anti-communism , and nativism .
