  troops opened fire , but not clear if any were killed . 
  edit 63 : erdogan has now applied for asylum in britain , following failure in germany . 
  much more believable than report he was applying in iran . 
  edit 64 : small groups challenging troops in istanbul , but soldiers all seem very calm . 
  they 're not worried about their control being challenged . 
  edit 65 : apologies for delay , trying to confirm from people i know at fco if the british asylum claim is true . 
  they 're very tight-lipped . 
  edit 66 : crowds are getting a bit larger in support for erdogan , but nowhere near big enough to challenge the military . 
  edit 67 : there 's footage from a small town outside istanbul of a group of about 20 protesters pushing three soldiers out a government building . 
  but no violence on either side . 
  edit 68 : focus of protest in istanbul is now at bosphorus bridge , where crowd is slowly growing . 
  now maybe 500-600 people . 
  they are maintaining their distance from the mlitary . 
  edit 69 : protest of about 200 pro-erdogan supporters in izmir , turkey 's third city . 
  very unclear what the military situation is there . 
  edit 70 : much more major protests in bursa , turkey 's fourth city . 
  this is a more erdogan-supportive part of the country . 
  edit 71 : civilians have been shot at bosphorus bridge in istanbul when a small group ( 5-10 ) tried to rush military lines . 
  edit 72 : biggest crowd in istanbul is actually not as bosphorus bridge but in taksim square . 
  maybe 2000 there . 
  ca n't tell what side they 're on . 
  edit 73 : very little new news coming in . 
  situation is that military have control of both istanbul and ankara , but we do n't know anything of other cities . 
  medium to large crowds forming in cities across the country , mostly in support of erdogan . 
  currently there 's very little conflict between these crowds and military lines . 
  we do n't know where erdogan is . 
  edit 74 : 17 police officers killed by military helicopter attack on police headquarters in ankara . 
  think this was an hour or so ago . 
  edit 75 : about 100-200 people marching through istanbul airport terminal . 
  military have control of runways and control tower . 
  edit 76 : us has come out in support of the democratically elected government . 
  edit 77 : crowds in istanbul getting angrier . 
  they are surrounding military vehicles in some places . 
  military vehicles not reacting other than slowly driving away . 
  edit 78 : a f-16 has shot down a coup helicopter above ankara . 
  first sign of parts of the military loyal to erdogan . 
  possible the air force are still loyal ? 
  however , that does n't seem to chime with fighters flying over ankara and istanbul at the beginning of the coup when erdogan was still reacting . 
  think it 's more likely that air force is split . 
  edit 79 : crowds on streets definitely mixed . 
  most are erdogan-supporters but others are applauding troops . 
  edit 80 : commander of turkish navy has announced that he is not backing the coup . 
  edit 81 : central square in ankara now has thousands of civilians there . 
  however very calm , people just watching . 
  edit 82 : it 's now been an hour since a pro-coup helicopter was shot down , but it has n't been heard from since , despite several coup helicopters continuing to fly over the city . 
  edit 83 : a crowd of about 200 pro-erdogan protesters now walking across istanbul airport ramps and runways . 
  edit 84 : there 's footage of about 30 soldiers being arrested by the police , but unclear which city this is in . 
  edit 85 : eu is making less strong statement than us : wants `` respect for democratic institutions '' . 
  remember eu needs 28 countries to agree to make a strong statement , so wo n't happen tonight . 
  edit 86 : leading gulenist figures coming out against coup , but we have n't heard from gulen himself . 
  edit 87 : several military leaders have now come out against the coup . 
  but have n't seen any military intervention against the coup forces other than that one helicopter being shot down . 
  edit 88 : pentagon sources briefing they expect the coup to fail . 
  edit 89 : seems like parts of the military were staying on the fence to see what would happen . 
  now they have come out to oppose coup . 
  edit 90 : pentagon briefing that the coup was insufficiently organised : failed to capture erdogan and thus likely to fail . 
  edit 91 : seems like the momentum of the situation has slowed down now . 
  news now coming in very slowly , and not that meaningful when it does . 
  i might wrap this up now . 
  where ? 
  yes , my fuck-up from trying to process too much information . 
  no idea why i typed that . 
  sorry , brain freeze from being on the phone , following multiple feeds and watching different news channels . 
  corrected !, 
  do n't want to put this in main comment , in case it gets deleted , but this looks like a turkish military helicopter firing on govt buildings : https://twitter.com/dutch_osintguy/status/754051463488372736, 
  twitter reporting he is on holiday in bodrum . 
  on holiday in bodrum apparently . 
  more likely was pre-planned for when erdogan was out of the capital . 
  no - he 's in bodrum ( southern turkey ) on holiday . 
  reposting this as it got deleted when i linked to twimg . 
  judging from twitter , sounds like a coup is going on . 
  bosphorus is being blockaded , jets flying over ankara , police officers being disarmed . 
  looks like boris wo n't have to apologise to erdogan after all . 
  edit : hearing from turkish friends that youtube and social media is being blocked . 
  edit 2 : tanks now on the streets edit 3 : apparently erdogan is on holiday , which might explain the timing . 
  edit 4 : the prime minister , loyal to erdogan , claims its an attempted coup by junior figures of the military . 
  this seems extremely unlikely to me , as the military presence is very widespread and there is n't evidence of fighting . 
  that means the military everywhere is all on the same side - likely the coup plotters . 
  if the main leaders in the military were loyal to the government , there would be fighting between the different sides . 
  edit 5 : turkish media is reporting that turkish government leaders in ankara has been detained . 
  no-one knows where erdogan is . 
  edit 6 . 
  turkish senior military now saying it has taken over the country . 
  as i thought . 
  edit 7 : every airport in turkey is now under military control . 
  all flights in and out of the country have been cancelled . 
  edit 8 : rumours being circulated it could be connected to the gulenist movement , which is a reformist islamic movement associated with a charismatic leader based in the usa . 
  i would take this with a grain of salt , as have n't seen any good sources for this and it 's the sort of thing gulen 's political opponents might say to discredit the coup . 
  edit 9 : the greek military has now been put on high alert , in case anything spills over . 
  edit 10 : military stating that all turkish foreign relations would remain the same , and the rule of law is a priority . 
  edit 11 : erdogan 's whereabouts still unknown . 
  last thought to be in bodrum on vacation in the far south of the country . 
  edit 12 : one interesting feature of this is how it could affect the refugee crisis . 
  a new military government will want acceptance from european neighbours , so could be keen to stem the flow of refugees without conditions to curry favour germany etc. 
  just speculation . 
  edit 13 : helicopter was shooting on govt buildings in ankara . 
  link in comment below . 
  edit 14 : according to / u/red _ dog1880 the akp ( erdogan 's party ) have had their headquarters surrounded by the military . 
  edit 15 : state television stations have been stormed by the military . 
  expect footage of generals reading out statements before too long .
