  edit 16 : the country 's chief of military staff is one of the hostages being held at turkey 's military hq . 
  edit 17 : sounds like erdogan has not yet been captured . 
  his guards have supposedly taken him to marmaris , another location on the black sea . 
  it 's possible this is a headfake to avoid capture however . 
  edit 18 : there is now a run at atms in the country , as the banks are likely to impose capital controls in the next 24 hours . 
  edit 19 : the president 's office is still claiming the attempted coup is not by mainstream turkey military , but a splinter group , and the government is still in control . 
  this looks like absolute bluster . 
  clearly , military forces have grabbed major locations and there seems to be fighting between different military units . 
  just the military versus the police . 
  edit 20 : erdogan to make a statement imminently . 
  sounds like the military 's claim to be controlling the whole country is exagerration . 
  they have ankara and istanbul , and key airports . 
  not clear if they have control elsewhere , but surely it is only a matter of time . 
  edit 21 : police guarding the presidential palace , loyal to the government , have been disarmed . 
  edit 22 : it seems like the senior layer of the military have taken control , holding hostage the handful of very top leaders appointed by erdogan . 
  but be sure , this is n't a small faction as the government claims : it 's a united military . 
  edit 23 : the us is in a difficult situation . 
  they have troops in turkey as part of nato bases , but they 're not allowed to operate in countries with illegitimate governments . 
  suspect they 'll be removed in a few days . 
  edit 24 : government buildings elsewhere in turkey have been surrounded by the police ( who are loyal to the government ) . 
  this really shows how it 's nonsense that there 's a split in the military . 
  if there was , there would be military forces protecting the government , but they 're being forced to rely on the police instead . 
  edit 25 : military leaders make announcement they have taken control on state tv . 
  curfew announced . 
  do n't have video of it yet . 
  edit 26 : turkish currency in freefall : http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=try&amp;to=usd&amp;view=1d edit 27 : groups of civilians are cheering the military tanks in istanbul . 
  istanbul tends to be heavily secular and opposed to erdogan . 
  do n't assume this is the feeling , the populace elsewhere will be less happy . 
  edit 28 : military stating that a `` peace council '' has taken over . 
  rather orwellian language !, 
  edit 29 : justice minister is trying to blame it on gulen and foreign influence . 
  government still must believe they can maintain control . 
  clearly ankara and istanbul are lost , but they might be able to find loyal army units in south and east of country in coming days . 
  edit 30 : rumours erdogan has been arrested . 
  highly speculative and no good sources right now . 
  edit 31 : that tv broadcast for that small group of turkish speakers outside turkey !, 
  https://twitter.com/eagunes/status/754060456709554180?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw edit 32 : assad forces celebrating in syria . 
  they think a secular turkish military government will be much more likely to support them versus the islamist rebels . 
  edit 33 : there 's a firefight at the police hq in ankara . 
  military just exploded a wall to storm the building . 
  edit 34 : ntv has just had a facetime call from erdogan , who has given a statement from an unknown location . 
  the phone was held up to the camera so he could give his statement !, 
  says they will overcome the uprising , and those responsible will face justice in courts . 
  it does n't sound like he 's in control - likely he is in an office or hotel somewhere . 
  clearly had to go to a private tv station as the state tv has been taken over . 
  edit 35 : he says the military chief of staff has been held prisoner , so it 's a parallel military structure , but things are not entirely clear . 
  that 's clearly bollocks . 
  it 's only a few officers loyal to erdogan that have been captured . 
  edit 36 : erdogan saying that he is returning to ankara . 
  he is urging his supporters to come out on the streets to support him . 
  that 's a sign he is really desperate . 
  edit 37 : there 's a stand-off between police and the military in istanbul , but no shooting and it seems calm between them . 
  military clearly feel there 's no need to fight as they 've already won . 
  edit 38 : mayor of ankara , a erdogan ally , has also called for supporters to come on to the streets as `` soldiers of erdogan '' to uphold the constitutional order . 
  as i said , this is a last resort . 
  edit 39 : blocks on social media are getting tighter . 
  military stopping people filming in public . 
  state broadcaster now gone off air . 
  edit 40 : apparently erdogan is seeking asylum in germany after being denied landing in istanbul . 
  edit 41 : for those of you celebrating this as an opponent of ergodan , please remember that under previous military governments in turkey , hundreds of thousands of civilians went missing , likely murdered for all sorts of reasons , political and personal . 
  erdogan was a terrible authoritarian , but the military are far from saints . 
  edit 42 : erdogan still in marmaris according to sources supportive of him . 
  edit 43 : erdogan now doing another facetime call with ntv . 
  again , focusing on calling people to come out on to the public squares and airports . 
  looks like claims about him being denied landing and flying to germany were unlikely . 
  edit 44 : shootout at the presidential palace in ankara . 
  likely to be military versus presidential guard . 
  remember : erdogan is not in ankara . 
  either he is still in marmaris , or he has flown to somewhere after not being able to get back to istanbul or ankara . 
  former is more likely - looks like the same curtain as in previous call to tv stations . 
  edit 45 : us state department saying a coup attempt is underway in turkey . 
  thanks for that guys !, 
  edit 46 : explosion at another tv station in ankara . 
  not clear which one ... edit 47 : unofficial us military sources are confirming to us journalists erdogan has asked for asylum in germany edit 48 : the police in several places are not resisting the military . 
  if that 's true , the government only has the presidential guard and private militias . 
  there is absolutely no evidence there is any part of the military loyal to erdogan other than a few top leaders already under internment . 
  edit 49 : multiple large explosions in ankara now reported . 
  not clear where . 
  likely at unspecified tv station and presidential palace . 
  edit 50 : hearing claims germany has rejected erdogan 's asylum and he 's now seeking asylum in iran . 
  the latter seems extremely unlikely to me , given erdogan and iran are on opposite sides of the alliance system in the middle east , so look at this claim with suspicion . 
  edit 51 : massive queues at petrol stations all over the country , as people expect the country to run low on fuel . 
  edit 52 : president 's office refusing to say where erdogan is now . 
  edit 53 : large crowds pouring out on the streets in various cities . 
  not clear who they support . 
  edit 54 : ignore photos being circulated of extremely large demonstrations . 
  these are from last year . 
  edit 55 : there are claims the military is backing down in some locations , but this sounds like complete bullshit to me . 
  edit 56 : lots of people coming out on the streets , but they are scattered and unorganised . 
  do not believe any photos that look like formal demonstratoins . 
  moving to a comment in a reply to this one . 
  likely the military . 
  they 're guardians of turkey 's secular constitution since ataturk . 
  they likely think ergodan has gone too far in bringing islamism into government . 
  judging from twitter , sounds like a coup is going on . 
  bosphorus is being blockaded , jets flying over ankara , police officers being disarmed . 
  looks like boris wo n't have to apologise to erdogan after all . 
  edit : hearing from turkish friends that youtube and social media is being blocked . 
  edit 2 : tanks now on the streets - https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cnbkvdxwcaezw_c.jpg:large, 
  the eu benefits the rich and internationally mobile far more than brexit it does , so that 's a rather ludicrous argument .
