  what about gays ? 
  what about muslim women ? 
  i ca n't even talk about islam on public social media because we 're talking about a group of over a billion people who have a tendency to respond to critiques with threats of and actual violence . 
  in the uk alone , islam is responsible for segregating some council meetings by gender , using religious thuggery to take over our prison system , exerting religious control over schools , rising antisemitism etc.etc . 
  i have n't even got to the rapes or terrorist attacks . 
  i should probably include a little disclaimer here : not all muslims are bad or unwelcome of course . 
  there are good people and bad people in every group . 
  but go look at polling of british muslims views . 
  over half want being gay to be illegal !, 
  not no gay marriage . 
  not just disgust . 
  but actually illegal !, 
  i interact with muslims on a daily basis , hopefully no one on this sub will feel the need to lecture me on racism . 
  i just think the left have been pathetic on this issue . 
  it 's like game of thrones , do n't give the high sparrow the keys to the city . 
  islam is poison . 
  jeremy corbyn is the perfect example of the regressive left . 
  he has views that are overwhelmingly unpopular ( nukes and immigration ) . 
  he is n't unelectable because of his character . 
  he is unelectable because most people do n't agree with him on a couple of wedge issues . 
  so he will never be able to implement any of his good ideas . 
  zero progress . 
  more tories . 
  regressive . 
  in regards to the nukes , ukraine has basically made disarmament impossible . 
  it 's clearly a naive strategy that leaves you at the mercy of nuclear powers . 
  and let 's not forget the green parties refusal to consider nuclear power . 
  there is a strain of the left who are anti-science . 
  that is undeniable . 
  in regards to immigration , i used to be on jeremy 's side of the issue . 
  i 've lived opposite a mosque most of my life . 
  i consider myself a pretty tolerant person . 
  but in the past couple of years the local population density has noticeably increased . 
  there are just so many more people than there ever used to be . 
  i always used to dismiss the ` outbreeding ' argument as racist bullshit . 
  but i 'm seeing it with my own eyes . 
  and at least on my street , they have some obnoxious fucking kids . 
  the failure of jeremy corbyn and the left in general was not taking on the immigration issue . 
  all he had to do was announce a compromise in his immigration policy and we would have probably voted to stay in the eu . 
  instead the left for years have surrendered immigration to the far right . 
  and now we 're probably going to end up with theresa may as our pm . 
  that does n't seem very progressive to me . 
  i mean theresa may is literally the member of tory leadership i never ever wanted to win . 
  she legitimately scares me . 
  i would have preferred george osbourne , and he is economically illiterate !, 
  i tend not to judge people by their words but by their actions . 
  in my opinion , the actions of many on the left have led to our current circumstance . 
  the shouting down of anyone who disagrees as bigots , racists and nationalists has been destructive . 
  and the failure of our leaders to read public opinion is astonishing . 
  if we truly live in a democratic society a change to our immigration system is inevitable . 
  and [ with mass muslim population displacement on the horizon ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nlevgpi.png ) it is the sensible thing to do . 
  52 % of the uk voted leave despite the economic risk . 
  there is no clearer sign this is a redline issue for the majority of voters . 
  and it has been obvious for years . 
  there have been a never-ending list of opportunities to pivot . 
  if the left ever want to change the global economy or make significant progress on climate change they have to build political capital . 
  that means doing things the majority want . 
  leadership means doing lots of things you do n't want to do . 
  i guess the question people on the left should ask themselves is would you rather have jeremy corbyn or theresa may in charge of reducing immigration ? 
  i 'm stuck . 
  i ca n't vote for anyone on the left right now but i certainly ca n't vote for any on the right either . 
  and while we 're talking about labelling the left . 
  i think the loony left is also a pretty spot on label . 
  go look at the green party in the uk . 
  instead of focusing on coming up with a viable environmental plan they have become the stronghold for every radical left idea that is never ever going to be implemented . 
  they have they decimated the credibility of environmentalists . 
  sorry , long post , a bit rambly . 
  but some relevant points i believe . 
  dissent is useful . 
  it is crucial for democracy . 
  opposing sides debate to find common ground and flaws with each others ideas . 
  and guess what , thanks to mr farage we 've managed to find plenty of flaws and common ground with the eu . 
  why should he resign ? 
  he was elected . 
  i 'd be much happier if he stayed til the very end of his term to continue to hold the eu to account , even if he is perceived as just a whiny bitch . 
  edit : so people are challenging me on farage being a dissenter . 
  dissent is the holding or expression of opinions at variance * with those commonly or officially held . 
  * variance : the fact or quality of being different , divergent , or inconsistent . 
  i think the people challenging me are the ones who do n't understand dissent . 
  is it really intelligent to think everyone who disagrees with you is stupid ? 
  there are good arguments and lunatics on both sides . 
  that perspective lacks any nuance . 
  i 'm undecided and this does n't influence my vote at all . 
  1 crazy person does n't damage the credibility of the movement as a whole . 
  that 's like guilt by association . 
  fuck that shit . 
  there are perfectly valid arguments on both sides and lunatics on both sides . 
  i do n't have a problem with immigrants . 
  i have a problem with islam . 
  and europe seems set to become another staging area for that poison . 
  our muslim population is already ~ 5 % and difficult to integrate . 
  even without anymore immigration it will expand fast because of higher birth rates and converts . 
  i saw in the guardian the rebuttal to higher birth rates was that muslims have a much younger population . 
  but all that means is that they have kids younger . 
  that does n't fill me with confidence . 
  in regards to converts . 
  i saw muslims handing out leaflets and a whole table set up in my town centre recently . 
  i 've never seen that . 
  religion in the uk is very lowkey . 
  it felt very inappropriate .
