eastern europeans are not very objective on this issue . 
  any conflict with russia has a fairly high level of risk . 
  apocalyptic nuclear war risks . 
  thousands of deaths or millions of deaths . 
  that is the choice . 
  and we 're the bigots ... 
  not all of us . 
  though it feels like the left in the uk have basically surrendered over this wedge issue . 
  immigration has been an obvious redline issue with the general public for ages . 
  and islam has just amplified the discontent . 
  52 % voted leave despite the economic risk !, 
  that should have been the biggest sign for the european left that they 've lost the debate . 
  hopefully they listen . 
  the same reason you keep getting attacked . 
  tolerance of intolerance . 
  i think if they 're unwilling to be honest about their country of origin we should deport them into the middle of the ocean . 
  let 's give them an incentive to remedy their misbehaviour . 
  but it would probably work . 
  blah blah blah . 
  i keep hearing this but it seems like a bullshit narrative to me , trying to call into question the legitimacy of the vote . 
  there are always going to be uninformed people . 
  that 's nothing new . 
  good luck changing that . 
  i challenge anyone in this sub to find a referendum in history with more information freely available . 
  ( edit : there was plenty of quality information and good arguments on both sides if you bothered to look . ), 
  also , personally i was pro-eu before the vote . 
  after spending hundreds of hours researching ( listening to both sides ) my skepticism actually increased . 
  i abstained in the end because i could n't endorse the eu but i did n't want a recession . 
  maybe , just maybe , the leave side made the better argument and that 's why they won ? 
  or am i just another racist , uninformed , uneducated , island monkey ( to quote this sub ) ? 
  since the vote , on a daily basis / r/europe makes me proud of my countrymen 's decision . 
  to quote the late great terry pratchett : `` people on the side of the people always ended up disappointed , in any case . 
  they found that the people tended not to be grateful or appreciative or forward-thinking or obedient . 
  the people tended to be small-minded and conservative and not very clever and were even distrustful of cleverness . 
  and so the children of the revolution were faced with the age-old problem : it was n't that you had the wrong kind of government , which was obvious , but that you had the wrong kind of people . 
  as soon as you saw people as things to be measured , they did n't measure up . '', 
  good intentions mean little to me . 
  intentions have little value in the real world . 
  everyone thinks they 're the good guy . 
  and because they think their right they tend to double down and make things worse . 
  i 'll take ruthless pragmatism over emotional idealism any day of the week . 
  `` most of the evil in this world is done by people with good intentions . '' -- t.s. 
  eliot you 're right , it was a massive fuck up . 
  huge . 
  literally the biggest screw up i 've seen in a while . 
  and mass population displacement is just getting started . 
  brexit is simply one of the first consequences . 
  perception should n't be important but it is . 
  now the perception is the eu is too weak to even stand up for it 's own people . 
  but , i do n't think the root problem is merkel . 
  centralisation of power , it 's the same shit all over again . 
  is n't the definition of insanity to repeat the same thing over and over and expect different results ? 
  it might have been rebranded but as a brit , i like to think i know the hallmarks of empire when i see it . 
  that is what the eu is becoming : militarization , centralisation , authoritarianism , expansionism ... hopefully we 'll try decentralisation next . 
  not to mention temperature rises from climate change making larges areas uninhabitable aswell as water scarcity . 
  it 's all coming at once . 
  it might sound callous but the eu should start looking out for the eu . 
  most of these countries are already written off regardless of our actions . 
  and the reality is we can not help everyone . 
  `` most of the evil in this world is done by people with good intentions . '' -- t.s. 
  eliot thing 's are only getting to get worse . 
  and the only options we seem to have are horrifically immoral or horrifically stupid . 
  at this point war is starting to seem inevitable . 
  is n't that what happened with historical mass migration ? 
  when there are tens and hundreds of millions of barbarians ( desperate people ) at the gates you do n't invite them in . 
  importing cheap labour may be profitable in the short term but is it remotely sustainable in the long term ? 
  less than a million a year led us to vote leave . 
  as the numbers increase over the years rational decision making will go out the window ( basically already has if trump get 's in ) . 
  proper planning prevents piss poor performance . 
  it 's amusing is n't it . 
  remove a dictator and you 're a war criminal and a colonial pig . 
  recognise that we do n't , ca n't and never controlled russia and we 're appeasing ? 
  you think russia without putin will be more stable ? 
  was the uk not the country in the eu who pushed hardest on sanctions ? 
  are n't we placing tripwire troops in ee ? 
  eastern europeans are not objective about this issue . 
  if you have nuclear weapons you basically get free reign . 
  people go on about mutually assured destruction but we rarely hear how nuclear weapons are the ultimate tool of military dominance . 
  they mean nuclear powers will avoid conflict at all cost 's with each other and it means that we can roll over any country without nukes . 
  is it just me or does it feel like reddit is cheering on all the wrong decisions that will actually lead to ww3 ? 
  our surveillance state is now a selling point rather than a bug . 
  the reasoning is perfectly logical . 
  mass muslim population displacement is a trojan horse . 
  why are we going to rush this process ? 
  this is not the sort of thing you rush . 
  we 've just got a new pm a couple of months ahead of schedule . 
  a little patience goes a long way . 
  now we need to prepare , establish objectives and strategy , hire and train new staff , figure out compromises , basically redesign a country . 
  this is n't going to happen overnight . 
  do you want a ukip majority ? 
  because that 's how we get heil farage mate . 
  i 'm on the left . 
  i consider myself a progressive . 
  i believe the regressive left is an accurate term for a subset of the left . 
  on a daily basis i see my peers on the left shout down people they disagree with as racists . 
  what ever happened to being open-minded ? 
  that means listening and trying to understand opinions you disagree with . 
  why is the most homophobic and sexist demographic the top of the left 's protected minority list ? 
  they hate everyone else on the list !, 
  is tolerance of intolerance really what we 're supposed to defend and champion ?
