  you 're actually verging on conspiracy theorist levels of evidence here i 'm afraid love . 
  we joined the ecc in 1973 . 
  we only really started getting over the `` poor man '' image well into thatcher 's years . 
  those begin with the 1979 election . 
  honestly if you 're going to try to make a historic argument then try to get your dates right at least . 
  was there no nhs ? 
  were people working 7 days a week ? 
  thought not . 
   when they are working good ol' us 12 hours/7 days a week and still in poverty with no healthcare cause it 's all private . 
  aye cos that 's what the uk was like before 1993 is n't it ? 
  / r/europe, 
  because abortion ( and support for it ) is n't just something that goes on in poland ... 
  i was n't just talking about polish women you dunce . 
   foetuses are n't real wha -, 
  are n't you just delightful . 
  why do you seek to kill hundreds of thousands of baby girls every year ? 
  i think we 've found the real woman-hater here . 
  itt : people supporting the legalisation of murder . 
  i mean , he could validly say this exact same comment to you . 
  no , we would actually have a widespread acknowledgment of morality , unlike in today 's society . 
   there 's no assurance the next heir will in any way be capable . 
  that 's why i do n't endorse a powerful monarch . 
  however with an aristocracy , a group can be created who are highly educated and brought up entirely within a virtuous community . 
  thus these aristocrats have the potential to have the best education , grown to have virtuous characters , and the collective nature of their role in governance would mitigate against the possibility of individual incompetence being a major factor . 
  also , the aristocracy would n't be completely static , and commoners who have proven themselves to be virtuous and competent would have the chance to become part of the aristocracy . 
   the people need to be able to choose their politicians so they can actually impact the decisions made for them . 
  i believe democracy has a part to play in my theoretical system , mostly as a way to impede tyrannical state power from coming into fruition . 
  however i think that pure democracies such as we see today have a problem in not electing virtuous people to power , often being ransom to the unwise wishes of the electorate , and also endorsing the vague concept of ` meritocracy ' without providing a coherent and convincing example of this ` meritocracy ' . 
   democracy is the worst kind of government , except for all the others . 
  i think combining monarchy . 
  aristocracy , and democracy in one system has the potential of taking the best aspects of each and eliminating the drawbacks of each . 
  of course that outcome is n't assured . 
   hereditary power in governance is a huge mistake in politics . 
  why would you say so ? 
  i do n't think you 're getting my point . 
  i 'm just pointing out the collective failures of liberalism ( of which mass discontent contributes to ) which show that we need a coherent alternative . 
  traditional forms of ethics and political philosophy provide a lot of this alternative , but placing it as `` going back '' is unhelpful , especially when the country i 'm mainly talking about ( uk ) already has a monarch and hereditary lordships involved in political decision making . 
  liberalism has failed ideologically in every way . 
  it fails to give us a consistent concept of morality , it fails to recognise and respect the traditions and institutions which uphold our society and it fails to give people happiness . 
  a cursory look at the western political scene can confirm this to us . 
  people are n't happy with what liberalism has reaped ; witness brexit , trump , the front national , afd etc etc. 
   incapable to produce a single argument . 
  i take it this is the first time you 've heard of the concept . 
  learn more about it or shut up . 
  do n't spew you 're less than half baked initial assumptions on the subject . 
  or just mixed constitution like we had for a good while in the uk , but do n't let that get in the way of your strawmen, 
  you sound upset . 
  you want to talk about it ? 
  liberal individualism has failed , there 's no point in clinging to the lie that it has had a positive impact on the world . 
  robbespiere and friends were the ones beheading people left , right and centre . 
  what was good at all about it . 
  thousands of deaths , noble institutions ravaged , and the caused dozen of conflicts in the succeeding decades , including more revolutions with france during the 19th century . 
  the french are on their 5th republic now . 
  it 's not exactly been a recipe for stability . 
  i 'm not a marxist . 
  what are the good parts of the revolution then ? 
  the reign of terror was an integral part of the french revolution . 
  trying to pretend it was n't does n't do any favour to your image . 
  good point . 
  it 's probably one of the most terrible events in history . 
   the general trend of history was to give humans more and more power , compared to the clergy . 
  the clergy are n't humans ? 
  this is pretty bad historical revisionism . 
  damn we should have kept malta . 
  that 's clearly not what he 's saying . 
  try having another read . 
  you seem to be implying that the revolution was a good thing ... 
  i 'd say proof is a logical concept not a mathematical one , although of course mathematics does employ the use of logic . 
   anyone got other suggestions ? 
  yeah , that he did n't say that, 
   we joined the eu in 1973 . 
  there was no eu in 1973 . 
   evoking churchill , makes me think that johnson wants to turn the clock back to at least the 40s . 
  is this a joke, 
   trying to fight off western inventions like gender , homosexuality , in-vitro and abortion what, 
   0.1 % `` significantly '', 
   and state that since you 're making the rules you get to make it against the rules to bully . 
  that 's not very consistent though , if we 're going the relativistic route . 
  and that exact argument can be used by the religious . 
   if you ca n't give a coherent explanation of why you think bullying is bad without claiming that 's just how it is or `` god says so '' , then you should n't be teaching children , because that 's one of the easy ones . 
  as opposed to `` its against the rules because we make the rules '' ? 
  pragmatism is an ideology, 
  so we ca n't have any concrete values ? 
  bullying ca n't be stopped in schools for being wrong then ? 
   skepticism is n't an ideology , it 's a way of thinking . 
  ideology is a way of thinking . 
  that 's what it means . 
   that 's a philosophical principle . 
  what 's pragmatism got to do with anything ? 
  because they 're the only two things a country can be like, 
  what do you mean by indoctrination here ? 
  that 's an ideological view itself . 
  have fun wondering about it, 
  yep , that does n't change the fact that the people at the time had no concept of ` the british people ' . 
  i mean there 's even a section of that first wiki article you 've linked named ;  union and the ** development of britishness **, 
  it 's my standard go-to whenever i meet a dogmatic irrational online atheist . 
  there was no such concept as ` the british people ' when christianity came to these shores . 
  sub in the uk then, 
  because it has done so since there has been a country of britain . 
  good argumet there sir,
