   it 's literally the question i asked . 
  ah , i see you did ask about elected prime ministers . 
   an islamic extremist can legally sit on the throne . 
  a nazi can sit on the throne . 
  source that a muslim could sit the throne ? 
  nazism is n't a religion , and we 've had a nazi king before anyway ( see edward viii ) . 
   it is a union of 4 separate countries , hence the word `` united . '', 
  this does n't make sense . 
  the word united refers to the kingdom , which is one united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , previously being the kingdoms of england , scotland and ireland ( though there 's obviously more history to it with the ireland part ) . 
  it being called `` united '' does n't imply anything about being comprised different countries , the usa and uae are n't said to be comprised of countries . 
   you 've also fallen into the trope / u/thegodben [ 2 ] brought up of englishmen viewing the other nations of the union as exotic extensions of england . 
  i 'm scottish . 
  ehhm , blair did n't just live for 19 months in scotland , he lived for 19 months in scotland , then left for australia for 3 years then lived near glasgow for a time before moving to durham . 
  he then attended fettes school ( in scotland ) . 
  so he did n't just live in scotland for 19 months did he now ? 
   the last elected non-english prime minister was 7 years after the discovery of penicillin . 
  he 's talking about blair and brown . 
   gordon brown was n't elected . 
  rather irrelevant . 
   catholic can not sit on the throne at all . 
  yes , because the monarch is the head of the church of england . 
   there are 4 separate countries in this union . 
  if it were fair representation , which indeed it is not , we 'd have four independent governments . 
  the united kingdom is the state . 
  you may argue it is a multinational state , but it is still the state . 
  your argument is based purely on semantics . 
  gladstone was born and raised in liverpool , he just had scottish ancestry . 
   we 're letting millions of unidentified migrants enter our countries  romanian flair, 
  just imagine if everyone had that mentality . 
   a proof of the great shithole that / r/europe has become . 
  it happened so fast too . 
  all it took was one migrant crisis . 
  it is mind boggling that this is the top comment ... jeez . 
  they are n't hostile against gay people though . 
  the warsaw pact countries were all state atheist and anti-religious regimes . 
  it leaves you totally at the mercy of other powers , you ca n't say that 's not a weak position to be in . 
  hopefully an exit ally . 
   to leave the european union , to maintain the ~ ~ english ~ ~ british nuclear arsenal , and to continue to spend a fortune . 
  this is the ideal case ( and it 's not a fortune , it 's 5-6 % of our defence budget ) . 
  how 's he going to go about bringing welfare changes in the roi then ? 
  it would probably make both the uk and france weaker actors on the world stage though , which is what british ( and probably french ) people care about more . 
  the germans and everyone else in europe are happy for us to have to defend them too ... our conventional forces are hardly crumbling compared to most in europe . 
  yes , there is . 
  if nuclear weapons were used on us . 
  that 's not the point anyway . 
  so you 'd want us to be totally reliant on the us and/or france if push came to shove ? 
  why ? 
  thanks for your answer and thanks for the great and interesting read in that article . 
  mr corbett , do you identify as a european ? 
  if so , how does this identity compare ( strength-wise ) with any english/british identity you may have ? 
  thank you . 
  mr corbett , do you believe that european countries ( especially the uk ) could handle the migration crisis and taken higher numbers of refugees fleeing war without large numbers of net migration largely cause by free movement within the eu ? 
  thank you . 
  mr corbett , what do you think of the notion of `` ever closer union '' within the context of europe . 
  do you think the end goal is an eventual european superstate ? 
  thank you . 
   the uk does n't want to influence other countries . 
  the british people perhaps do n't ( not even sure about that ) , but the government certainly do . 
   it is already more powerful than their whole country and population alone . 
   britain has always adopted a policy of `` our island '' and `` the mainland '' as separate entities . 
  yes . 
   somehow they have convinced themselves that they are still a superpower in the world . 
  no lol . 
  neither do 2/3 's of ours ( hopefully ) . 
  how is it always a good thing ? 
  that quote means nothing , religion in that regard is no different to any beliefs someone may have . 
  no it would n't . 
  one of five permanent members of the un security council . 
  country with fifth highest gdp ( nominally ) . 
  second highest contributor to international developmental aid , fifth highest per capita . 
  one of nine countries that possesses nuclear weapons . 
  contains one of the two dominant global financial cities . 
  ranked number one in the soft power index . 
  one of only countries that ( will ) have aircraft `` supercarriers '' . 
  will allow overseas force projection only eclipsed by the united states . 
  one of the six `` world powers '' involved in negotiating with iran over it 's nuclear program . 
  fifth highest country by military spending . 
  we 're not as small as you seem to think we are . 
  you made an ethical argument , now you 're saying you do n't make claims to morality . 
  impressive gymnastics . 
   i have never laid claim to the ability to define what is and is not moral  possibly because we could think of a million better things to spend the money on, 
  sell the computer you typed this comment on and give the money to charity . 
  or be a hypocrite . 
  it really is . 
  do you think it 'd be fine to do it next year ? 
  some of the comments here are really disrespectful . 
  and metaphorically too . 
  it 's named after elizabeth i , not the current queen elizabeth . 
  `` had to '', 
  that 's just a disgusting idea . 
  we drive on the left . 
  you know that exchange rates change all the time ? 
  and that article was n't published today ... 
   gdp is normally calculated over a year using average exchange rates , but if the rate for wednesday is used france 's official gdp of 2.182 trillion euros would surpass britain 's 2.172 trillion euros , reuters reported . 
  the independent will try to make a story out of nothing . 
   de , fr , uk , it . 
  the uk is ahead of france . 
  wow , honestly wow . 
  i do n't really know what to say to this comment . 
  i mean it 's pretty clear that it was thatcher 's domestic policies which had such a profound effect on the economy , not eec membership .
