  are sure ? 
  i mean its controlled and spied alot more then in for example the us . 
  bloggers/vloggers/people with an internet following of over a certain number have to sign a document that makes them swear that they will never spread propaganda about russia and its plans , they are not allowed to post lies , they can not socialize on most websites with people out of russia etc. 
  probably , they 're russian . 
  wait , russia slutty women are polluting our clean beautiful country ?!, 
  quick save the wodka and pierogis and lets hide in the tatry o.o, 
  latvia , romania , ukraine and turkey are just too good < 3 xd, 
  well they 're kinda slutty sometimes : /, 
  eeeeyyy , or atractive people . 
  or any good internet . 
  or anything european . 
  shame , they 're all out of apples . 
  wow the ruskies are n't even trying anymore ... 
  is it even milk ? 
  or is like some sort of water with a power or something ? 
  thank you for correcting me . 
  well i would n't blame them if they wanted to change it to this . 
  after living in the uk for 9 or so years i 've come to learn no one likes the queen and she does nothing ... 
  it ai n't a party till you sit in your own vomit whilst vomiting on your crotch . 
  its more like fifty shades of eastern europe . 
  our countries are not used to this at all ( well the czech rep. is being a bit mean , who writes numbers on peoples arms anymore ? 
  he wanted to give the serb minority more rights , which nobody agreed with . 
  they all want to go to the countries that give out a lot of benefits ( germany , uk and sweden ) . 
  i understand that its not fair for only those 3 countries to take all the refugees , but come on do n't force them to go to countries were they will be so un-wanted and hated . 
  they traveled through hell and then they could get placed in more hell , let them go to the destination they want to go to and where they see fit and when the us defeats isis or whoever or the situation in syria somehow gets better they will go back to their homelands or stay in europe and become european citizens and travel throughout the countries . 
  can someone kick kopacz out of office i do n't like her : /, 
  fuck yea we are !, 
  * party popper *, 
  it was my duty as a pole to subscribe to this . 
  oh my holy jan pawel best mlg videos 2k15 420/10 . 
  you know poland is pissed if they start burning the god damn eu flag . 
  eastern european countries do these marches because they see what radical muslims have done to the western countries . 
  not all muslims are bad we know this , but among the good there are always large quantities of radicalized muslims . 
  eastern european countries have gone though a lot and they do n't want terrorist attacks in their countries . 
  you can classify it as racism but personally i do n't classify this as racism ... 
  probably in the making right now . 
  i mean , its better then knowing your son is dead . 
  personally , when the people on the roof are shown , no it looks legit . 
  not all of them . 
  and they were not polish citizens they were ukrainians who 's ancestors were polish . 
  i do n't get it . 
  dude i did n't get winnie the pooh at my first day that 's not fair ; e ;, 
  that 's just beautiful . 
  too much screaming  . , 
  god damn  . , 
  maybe he was apart of / r/europe ? 
  i like that guy :d, 
  all this migrant and refugee stuff made me forget what immigration is and shit , forget everything i said im too damn confused and i just realized what they 're protesting about ... 
  but . . ukrainians are cool . 
  im so damn confused about the migrate crisis when it comes to poland . 
  i see articles like `` 54 % of people in polish believe it is their duty to help the migrants '' and now they 're protesting and shit . 
  i mean they 're christian calm down no mosques will be built . 
  oh kurwa that 's a lot of people . 
  just like , ignore them trying to convert you and learn polish and you 'll be good . 
  they also avoid romania and anything that is not germany or sweden . 
  go to that place those guys ran away from they have a free room now . 
  no but seriously . 
  if i were running away from war and got put in a country of my religion , given a house for my family and a job , i 'd probably go as far as selling my soul to that person . 
  yea ikr . 
  may i just say , they 're ungrateful bastards . 
  pardon my caps but why would you ask korwin mikke for his opinion ? 
  why ask him anything ? 
  he 's insane . 
  5 seconds in , his pecks are moving . 
  i mean , the guy 's got a point . 
  if only someone invested in eastern poland we 'd be blue ... 
  aparently that shit ai n't even edible . 
  is it finland or iceland that has canned rotten fish and fish fermented in lye ? 
  that actually a good point . 
  agreed . 
  europe is a very complicated place , i just want this shit to finish . 
  because europe does not want refugees either so why does america take all the good ones and europe gets left with the rest ? 
  im saying america best not be a huge useless cunt . 
  if the us actually does such a thing im turning russian . 
  i do n't know , it just confuses me ... 
  i was actually wondering about this few days ago . 
  this video explained nothing . 
  but i do n't want to : /, 
  how do you hate cabbage ? 
  shhhhhhhhh  . , 
  dude how do you not like golompki . 
  this was posted here a really long time ago : /, 
  ooooooh , nooooooo ... 
  horrible ... did the smugglers think that people are bricks or something ? 
  that they do n't need room or any human right ? 
  this migrant crisis has to be sorted in a civil way , a country could volunteer to take migrants in by sending planes or boats to the country where migrants come from ( mostly syria , they could be picked up for humanitarian camps or so ) and flown over to the country that volunteers . 
  everyone deserves to live in peace . 
  but sadly its not that easy ... 
  last time i checked krakow is polish . 
  yea . . i do think about this non-stop . 
  but its a lot more complicated than just `` war happened , give them a home '' ... 
  i mean immigrants and cool , i am one ( i live in the uk plz do n't kill me ) but immigrants turn uncool when they say they 'll kill anybody who is not on their side . 
  i think its origin . 
  poland and slovakia are both saying that muslim refugees would not feel welcome or at home in poland nor slovakia ( even less in slovakia because they have no mosques ) so poland is only taking christian refugees to not cause further religious conflicts between migrants in the west ( eg muslims killing the christian refugees / taking the located places ) . 
  'cause ` mericans . 
  i play a lot of the game counter strike : global offensive and in that community the swedish are seen as one of the best players ( just like us poles ) . 
  i watch this swedish streamer on twitch and i just fucking love listening to the language 2funny4me . 
  sometimes ... 
  its the british illuminati 's fault ... 
  they should of called it : * anti western orthodox-slavic exercise * but that 's not catchy .
