* round of applause for england *, 
  is she pro-russian ? 
  football fans . 
  we do its just hidden . 
  is it bad that this reminds me of isis ? 
  they recruit foreigners to eliminate ? 
  looks like a sea of blood . 
  personally , i dont know where i got my russiaphobia from . 
  my theory is its because im polish and have had bad experiences with russians in dota 2 and counter strike . 
  dem dislikes doe . 
  would that be eastern germanic-western poles ? 
  sorry to ask , but where are sorbs from ? 
  i dont remember  . , 
  what is the main religion there ? 
  i never know . 
  this is 1000 % accurate . 
  ( btw its funny how the us think of europe as being made up off the uk , france , italy ... ` bout it whilst we only know new york and california ... ), 
  * eastern bloc 's tits are flying everywhere * no !, 
  oh , im sorry forgive me for my misunderstanding . 
  balkans need to calm their tits . 
  poland vs lithuania eh ? 
  lets pray it dont end up like the last time we played ... 
  we love you too . 
  woo no opinion !, 
  this is becoming my background , just too much poland feels . 
  they all speak english perfectly . 
  we need more countries like latvia but minus the russian minority . 
  [ nope , skyrim ] ( http://cdn2.skyrimfansite.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/my-mage-cottage-11.gif ), 
  im quite sure its `` gothic '', 
  `` girls are n't there for combat , they 're a reproductive machine '' no shit . 
  the irish have an amazing sense of humor . 
  thats fine , we really need to change the name or ruskie pierogis , we eat them more ... 
  this is a historic day for all poles . 
  every pole on this subreddit get your pierogi out !, 
  holy words my comrade ... 
  ok let me re-phrase . 
  `` non-polish person '', 
  speaking to polish people now : do n't you love it when foreigners talk nice about out country ? 
  the negative-poles yea / :, 
  pff and people say poland is shit hole . 
  damn it yesterday when i wrote this i had the answer , something about the russian minority and shit . 
  * brain fart *, 
  he makes a point , look at other european countries that know english quite well they 're doing quite good . 
  also if english replaces russian the situation may change in the east . 
  i first found out about this kidnapping from vice news , but as this article said ` the video released on friday is yet to be verified , but it appears to show mr henning kneeling beside a militant , who is dressed in black , in a desert setting . 
  the footage ends with an is fighter threatening a man they identify as mr kassig . ', 
  so maybe he is still not dead ? 
  hey russia , that flag you 're wearing , looks great . 
  you should put it back on . 
  love : poland < 3, 
  in the dictionary , there are 2 poles . 
  1 : a large stick . 
  2 : a person who 's ethnicity is polish . 
  it should be `` the polish people talkin shit bout russia '' :p, 
  xd yes , go too sleep before you cringe from embarrassment ( btw this has happened to me before so i know your feel bro ), 
  poland , the czech republic and slovakia have a thing going with jakub ... 
  you got your mythology wrong . _ . 
  lidl is so weird in the uk ... 
  muslim defense league . 
  i live in uk , my town has huge edl vs mdl riots nearly every year , now the brits have uniform it will be 100 % holy turf war ... 
  this should be on / r/polandball but there is a human stick figure so no : /, 
  im sorry for my caps but how dare he do this to jan pawel !, 
  tuuuuuuuusk, 
  i like how the last one obviously talks about the eastern europeans xd i mean come on only we work in factories . 
  polish and russian flag next to each other ? 
  whoa dude get ready for war :p, 
  i must say this is stunning ... 
  our history needs to be taunt in like every european country just like the french history is taut in the uk and so on and so forth . 
  and lewandoski !, 
  tusk attack russia with our vodka and lewandoski !, 
  tusk is new jan pawel only more war !, 
  brawo donbas , you just showed off your rockets that you probably got from russia , tusk is just waiting for war i bet ... ( or someone to go to war i dunno ), 
  so no is stay uk yes is leave ? 
  quick help me , who if for leaving the uk who is for staying i dont get any of this too much shouting ... 
  oh germany ... 
  what if you dont want a french lover ? 
  czechs ... 
  because in the video the woman said something about one of the presidents/prime ministers saying `` sweden has no culture , its culture is to see the immigrants culture '' or something in that direction . 
  so swedens culture is immigrants yes ? 
  it made me sad hearing sweden has `` no culture '' , every country has a culture !, 
  sweden has gaming !, 
  ninjas in pajamas , pewdiepie !, 
  you know hungary is good country if they give you ham with a picture on it :d, 
  : o i fucking love this subreddit , the only one that does n't make fun of you if you question something . 
  poland so pretty e.e, 
  the chills this video gave me ; e ; also why does every poland promotional video have horses in ? 
  yea that one was a good laugh :3, 
  like a store dedicated to being nerdy , but only video game nerdy . 
  how about `` video game stores of europe '' ? 
  too ... many ... lidl 's . . * twitch *, 
  you know this `` x of europe '' thing has gotten over the top when lidl is mentioned ... ( no hate , i love lidl ), 
  poland has a green peeing lenin because during the communist years , nowa huta had walking statue of lenin , when solidarity happened the statue was taken down . 
  i think at the beginning of this year they put up the green peeing lenin statue as an `` f-you '' to communism and made it green because its a comedic colour :d, 
  finland why do you eat shit . _ . 
  ( not being offensive/not trying too it just looks so bad  .  ), 
  isis would cringe to this :d, 
  i love the name of the czech republics : dd its snowball : dd ^_^, 
  not gon na like i 'd buy one but change the `` russia is great bla bla bla vodka cyka cccp '' to something anti-rus :d, 
  i remember that cia in poland thingy , biggest thing thats happened ever . . 
  ita all true , there was an article about it on this subreddit few months ago , i had the article saved on my old account but i deleted my account 2 days ago : /,
