  poland is having second thoughts . 
  it does n't matter what happened in the us with gay rights this reaction was the same before it . 
  eastern europe has to learn that homosexuals are human beings with feels , do n't give them rights to marry and shit but at least be nice . 
  eastern europeans countries and religious and tough `` treat your neighbor how you wish to be treated '' . 
  can i protest against him ? 
  `` assassinate hitler '' : good . 
  `` enslave poland '' : why is this guy in office . 
  because russia and serbia are super duper friends . 
  i saw a split second of the actual killings , i heard the gunfire and the man with his hands tied behind his back fall , i had to close it down . 
  if this does not get recognized as a genocide can / r/europe do a world wide protest ? 
  * 1999 * im not gon na use my real name . 
  most people on the internet just call me pie , female gender . 
  * my country , freedom of speech and gaming :p, 
  where is this located ... 
  * leaves sadly *, 
  heh , germany was last . 
  can poland have the long working hours stereotype now ? 
  komorowski lost . . kurwa , i do n't like duda xd, 
  i believe that poland is still split . 
  west is a lot different that east . 
  west is more ` european ' i guess , whilst the east stays more slavic . 
  i actually agree . 
  tourist cities are more welcoming because well , they are tourist cities so people from different cultures are normal for them . 
  cities more west of poland are a lot less xenophobic that in the east i 've noticed . 
  originally i 'm from podlasie and over there anything not white or european most of the time is a red flag . 
  the tiny town i came from was in nearly the middle of nowhere where everyone is a true and devoted catholic ( i 'm not kidding we needed to build another church because the old one was too crowded ) . 
  yep , truth right there . 
  i think the immigrants that poland do n't understand are the ones from muslim and african countries . 
  he was capable of growing hair ? 
  that video explained everything . 
  the argentina and indonesia ones ... western europe ? ... western europe ? 
  * true dat *, 
  so i was just scrolling though this subreddit like i usually do and see the name of the town i currently live in ... great ... at least its something its known for im guessing ( no seriously this place has quite the history ) . 
  i am so confused about poland 's i ca n't recognize them . 
  * edit * im super stupid . . it says them when you scroll down - . -, 
  its a polish news channel . 
  i put dibs on the fact that they 're probably polish . 
  wooo ! , go potatoes and drinks with 20 % or more alcohol !, 
  now here is something i do n't get about russian and its neighbors.look at belarus , its loves russia and is very closely tied and its people like it too , russia has never fought over control there . 
  now look at chechnya , completely different religions , culture and everything but chechnya is still under russia 's rule ... 
  never change sweden ... 
  sir , we are not america 's puppet ... if we want to be a non-independent country again we would of done this ages ago . 
  yes ... no one in my families ( both sides ) know mine . 
  i do n't even know when mine is . 
  but poland still is not that fond of lgbt . 
  we 're not russia but we 're not anywhere near sweden level . 
  look , this is poland we 're talking about ... it may be a eu country but its still poland . 
  the most catholic slavic country , homophobic ... its impossible to win something like this . 
  he did not even swear at one of them . 
  terrifying . 
  damn nazis . . fucking up europe for everyone . 
  the uk gives some fucks . 
  pardon my caps lock but how in jan pawels name do you get nazi 's mixed up with polish people . 
  how . 
  nazi 's wanted to eliminate slavs too . 
  polish people are slavs . 
  i dont even ... 
  thanks . 
  name ... of . . anime . . plz . . 
  no tie too . 
  now ai n't he just a little rebel . 
  i 've been taught and told how corrupt poland 's politics is constantly . 
  people outside of the country do n't really take notice but poland is getting real bad . 
  man , when people say poland is central europe i cry . 
  it ai n't , just ai n't central . 
  well um , the baltic 's are not slavic like most eastern european countries ... but they are still located in eastern europe ... learn your geography plz . 
  some groups . 
  russians , non-christian religion people . 
  i think russians do n't need an explanation . 
  please , explain ... 
  i like how past the 1800 's europe was hardly visible because of all of the war explosion gifs . 
  * cough * uk . 
  i always knew the boars had something to do with it ... 
  it just ... looks so different ... 
  that cant be in bosnia ... 
  well ... i never looked at it that way . 
  go to poland . 
  its not mainstream so just go there . 
  yep komorowski won , i hope politics burn , im out . 
  * barania-pupa * :3 ( sorry for no polish keyboard ) . 
  w-what ... have i missed something ? ... what in jan pawel 's name ... * edit * oh its janusz korwin-mikke . 
  i always had a feeling poland was kinda split even after ww2 and all . 
  damn it * leaves *, 
  we all know duda will win , if komorowski wins though i swear on jan pawel i 'm giving up on politics . 
  dem faces doe ... 
  that 's not very polish of them . 
  well , where they 're heading its not * cough uk lookin at you cough sweden *, 
  i feel so horrible , because its currently exam season ... i did not get to send my postcard ... my condolences to the family : c, 
  well , we were of the map for like , 123 years so a europe without a polish border has been seen before , but you have to remember if poland never got its independence it * might * not of ever been on the map . 
  * alternate universe *, 
  * alternate * universe sir , the way europe looks now is perfect , if all of a sudden this would of happened it would be a huge change , its a joke . 
  im quite sure only the fascist polish patriots would want this and im no fascist . 
  the patriot inside me * sniff * says its beautiful . 
  that was the most balkan sounding song i have ever heard ... 
  * shhhhh * do n't tell them that ... 
  my god are n't you dutch nice . 
  thank you so much , i do n't know any dutch people so english it is : /, 
  ok , few questions . 
  1 : can i write the postcard in english ? 
  2 : what is the full address plz .
