  ohhhhhhh . 
  explains everything . 
  lol slavic brotherhood , i know russia hates most of their slavic family but come on there are more than 3 slavic countries :p, 
  they would teach it in schools if it were n't a conspiracy for them  . , 
  if in school , people would of been taught the actual story of battle of britain , the british would of probably respected us more , but because our help was swept under the rug we 're seen as an annoyance . 
  yea i know , some of the teachers from my school also think exams are useless and kept telling us how its all useless in uni ... 
  my friend , good luck in your fight for mayor of london , maybe if you become mayor of the capital you might be able to show britain how much poles sacrifice for this country . 
  my mother shed light about this strike ( we live 30 minuets away from london and people here are considering doing it ) , its also on the day i get my gcse results so she might take a day off for me :3 . 
  but i myself thought about giving blood on the 20th because of what it represents . 
  my british friends know how much of a patriot i am and they love when i bring polish food and stuff because the brits are suckers for our food , they see our hospitality and agree the the majority of polish people do not deserve the hate they get . 
  i hope the government opens their eyes and sees who we really are . 
  `` russian vodka is for cleaning , polish vodka is for drinking '' - everyone in my family . 
  are you like my long lost cousin ... 
  eastern polska high five my friend * its when you smash russian wodka bottles and burn them because russian vodka worst vodka *, 
  whatever drugs it took to make these stories i want some of that drug . 
  i salute this whole post * salutes * . 
  being from eastern polska i believe all of the money that you sir get from your amazing advertising should go to me and i will use it for investing . 
  one last thing : * hamerican pizza with coca-cola and kr\u00f3wki . 
  * sounds so damn delicious . 
  dat music : , 
  damn chavs ... just because we work in warehouses for some long as time + over time if times are tough and they go to job centers asking for jobs and expecting to work in a `` smoke and do nothing '' office . 
  central england just in the outskirts of london . 
  its a town with alot of chavvy english youths and where the population is so multi cultured you forget you 're in the uk . 
  the english here are starting to get fed up more and more mostly because not all of the polish people here are nice and hard working . 
  that small minority usually start fights , rob homes and drink in public for the whole day . 
  because of that , the whole polish population is seen as this which is stupid and wrong : c, 
  they 're meanies : <, 
  they call us stupid in the area i live : c, 
  heh and the british call us stupid . 
  we 're not a communist country . 
  does not matter what you 're talking about but if its about poland during the 21st century do n't use communist and poland together . . 
  what about new zealand ? 
  we all know he thinks the uk wants to leave europe but actually its just the eu . 
  the uk 's islands ca n't just go `` k bye guys i hate you all ima go chill with the usa '' . 
  g-good job boris ... you 're getting better . 
  * catholicism *, 
  poland is not on here : o, 
  people who have never ate european food and think this is european . 
  this needs to be broadcast on tv.not polish tv but european tv . 
  especially the uk 's . 
  * conspiracy theory *, 
  how about a new subreddit because there are a lot of countries . 
  polish people be polish through out all of eastern europe . 
  * ps : love that russians `` look like polish people '' but they do n't , as you can tell we are better looking and catholic *, 
  if we are vegetables can i be a potato ? 
  can we all be potatos ? 
  i would of actually preferred being called a pussy-suka than a fear-monger-whatever , knowing the russians im surprised they went on us lightly . 
  daww poor ireland . 
  they can be a * mario bro * ** laughs hysterically **, 
  gigantic would be better . 
  so we 're not cool ? 
  thank you :3, 
  i 'd prefer to be cool than be a sibling . 
  yes some parts are really ugly but the old city part is just 11/10 . 
  700 % sense . 
  oh no you do n't czechy get you butt back here to the eu . 
  this video is so old . 
  brings back youtube memories . 
  we called you guys cool dudes . 
  why are we not cool ? 
  sh , iz ok . we 'll drink to your health anyways . 
  even if its deteriorating due to your alcohol . 
  we call hungarians cool dude , they cal us brothers , pff , being cool is better . 
  * i also love the wrinkled bully for austria *, 
  you know what , i really want a time machine so i could go back in time , find the guy why ordered warsaw and its people to perish and just show him how awesome our city is . 
  warsaw will never perish . 
  * szczychwszczy * yes thank you for a accurate representation of poland - love everyone . 
  and less guns . 
  why does he have a hammer ? 
  did he think he was thor ? 
  ohhh no * sniff * no * cries * why you got ta show that one . 
  damn they got it in color . 
  * shoo * americans we 're awake now !, 
  simon also got captured by dnr troops . 
  damn that series has over 100 dispatches ... i should know i 've been following that dispatch since it came out . 
  its needs to win . 
  lol what . 
  dude i do n't even know what position putin actually is in charge of , i just see him as a sort of dictator . 
  lol i keep forgetting that there is a prime minister in russia . 
  i remember when our president 's plane crashed in smolensk he was the guy who approached us not putin . 
  merkellandish . 
  * shivers *, 
  well . 
  yes , nothing happened that showed the two nationslities hate for each other , which is good . 
  because ya know . . they do n't like each other ... and poopy stuff like that . . 
  thats a great idea if you want putin to be even closer to pushing the * go to war * button . 
  ah , i did not know : /, 
  `` vice serbia went '' - stop right there . 
  chechnya just needs its long awaited independence . 
  russians do n't like chechens because they do n't want to follow putin , they want to be a muslim country * i hope im right about that part * . 
  wow actual moscow is so multifaith . 
  i like her , hope she 's not a spy . 
  grundwald . . sounds familiar * cough stupid russians cough hussar stronk *, 
  in chechnya or like actual russia ? 
  well shit . 
  take that america europe is cool too !, 
  is that a actual thing . 
  why is it so bad that some countries do n't want two same sex people to marry and stuff its their choice and * its not a faze mom * . 
  a religious country that has its government connected with its church wo n't . 
  in poland its not too bad ... yet ...
