poland is n't thriving because of western europe , poland is only in the position of needing to be helped because western europe stabbed us in the back post wwii and sold us to the communists . 
  and although holland may not have had terror yet , the sexual assaults committed by migrants in your nation are already a price to high to pay for poles . 
  i know it 's hard for a western euro to grasp , but polish people tend to have a love for the polish people and our way of life . 
  saving 100 migrants from mena is not worth 1 polish life . 
  yes , we should use what we know to be true . 
  for example , in poland , we have no mena muslims , and we have no terror attacks . 
  yet you believe this is wrong . 
  i laugh at your delusion and you make me very proud of my countrymen/country/polish beliefs and values . 
  thank you for being the sacrificial lamb so my country can survive and prosper and stay polish . 
  i do n't blame mena migrants for taking advantage of western stupidity either . 
  i 'm just glad my country/people are n't as blinded by the religion of progressiveness . 
  it seems ? 
  open your eyes , we do n't have islamic terror attacks in poland , at all . 
  it has worked and will continue to work . 
  we are a part of this world yes , but that does n't mean we need to let the world and the problems it brings into our country en masse . 
  you are a cowards who hides behind numbers and probability . 
  if it were your family members that would be raped/murdered for these migrants then you would n't support it , but you know statistically it wo n't be your family so you 're okay with bringing these people in and bringing the pain on your countrymens families . 
  you are nothing but a delusional coward . 
  i am very proud that the vast majority ( 80 % ) of my countrymen refuse to allow any mena migrants in . 
  we see the solution we have chosen is working , enjoy living in your multikulti hellhole 20 years down the line . 
  we will enjoy one of the last few actual european nations . 
  love trumps global warming !, 
  in my country we prevent attacks by not having any mena muslims . 
  seems to be working out for us . 
  ah yes , if you do n't cave to the demands of france/germany you are deemed '' uncooperative '' . 
  i would n't want to be near any election stations in london at this point in history . 
  ah yes , we handed over our sovereignty when we joined your economic union ... go fuck yourself . 
  solutions are nazi now ? 
  i guess that is why my mathematics professor liked to wear black so often . 
  not our problem if they drown . 
  they are choosing to illegally attempt to enter the country , any self inflicted harm that happens to them is not our fault . 
  europe needs to start securing its borders , secure them and have some people drown , or lose western europe within a few generations . 
  how about you secure your borders and not let them in . 
  they will very quickly get the message not to come if they are n't even allowed to land on our shores . 
  also arrest the ngo 's smuggling them in for human trafficking . 
  i believe we need to focus on increasing native birth rates as well as importing very small amount of slavs into the country to help prop up our numbers . 
  no need to dramatically change demographics . 
  zizek is the borat of european philosophers . 
  they do n't view non believers as human . 
  they can sell drugs to non muslims , they can rape non muslim women ( literally in the quran ) , damaging the fabric of kuffar society is seen as a good thing among islamic fundamentalists . 
  we get it , you want europe to become a single mega state . 
  no thanks , i 'd rather we keep our respective cultures , heritage , traditions and varying ways of life while working together , not just become one . 
  tired of this globalist propaganda . 
  give it a month when the eu has stated that they will begin sanctioning poland/hungary for not complying with the migrant issue . 
  we will see if the eu wants the union to collapse or if they are willing to respect the eastern european people and their decision to not allow mena migrants in . 
  tldr : refugee families are coming en masse ( lie ) , eastern europeans are evil white totalitarians ( lie ) , europe is right next to syria ( lie ) . 
  this is a new level of propaganda , kind of telling that they disable comments and ratings for the video , this stuff would be trashed if people could actually speak their mind . 
  what utter leftist propaganda trash . 
  if only we had n't deposed gaddafi , he predicted the migrant crisis saying `` there are millions of blacks who could come to the mediterranean to cross to france and italy , and libya plays a role in security in the mediterranean . '', 
  we attacked another sovereign state in the name of '' democracy/freedom '' and created another failed state controlled by terrorist elements . 
  we need to fund european navies to control our waters , keep illegal migrants out , not punish eu nations for choosing not to go along with the insane relocation plans . 
  it 's like they want the eu to collapse . 
  stay strong hungarian brother . 
  the eu is trying to strong arm both our countries , i pray that we veto this to stop the insanity . 
  migrants should not be forced on anyone , this was supposed to be an economic union and look at what it is morphing into now . 
  the eu disgusts me . 
  the diversity cancer is already infecting major games . 
  for some reason half the german army in battlefield 1 ( set in ww1 ) is black for example . 
  it 's a complete historical farce . 
  if we do n't take migrants we are n't contributing ? 
  are you not aware that the purpose of the eu is an economic union with a single market ? 
  your argument is borderline childish , the purpose of the eu is n't to resettle migrants , which you seem to believe it is . 
  that 's not at all mentioning the 100k ukranians we took in , but they do n't count because they are white right ? 
  liberals making fallacious comparisons . 
  that is freaking hilarious . 
  polish people legally immigrating to western euro nations to work under mutual agreements is not at all comparable to letting in people from mena nations with a completely different worldview/culture/way of life . 
  your arrogance would be really disgusting if your position was n't as stupid as it is . 
  why do we need to prove our tolerance ? 
  it 's our country , and we want it to stay polish and be for poles first . 
  even a single polish woman raped or a single person run over by a truck is a cost too high to pay . 
  we take in culturally similar people , and people from mena are the polar opposite of us culturally . 
  not worth the risk or the trouble . 
  look at the statistics of muslim beliefs when they live in the first world , a scary amount support sharia . 
  that number is probably twice as high among actual mena citizens . 
  we do n't need or want any of that in poland . 
  we are the second safest country in the world after japan , that 's thanks to our homogeneity . 
  it 's not islamophobia , we have muslims in poland and have had them for hundreds of years , the tatars , who have integrated and consider themselves poles first . 
  it 's simple observation , if you let in mena migrants your women get sexually assaulted , people die , crime skyrockets ( look at the ethnic makeup in french prisons ) and that is simply unacceptable to us . 
  mena migrants come from a different world and hold vastly different and incompatible worldviews with the polish . 
  we want poland to stay polish so we only let in people that will assimilate into our society ( culturally similar ) . 
  it 's nor racism or islamophobia or whatever other lunatic leftist shaming buzzword you choose to use , and if wanting to protect your people and your society is racist then i and the vast majority of poles are proudly racist ( by your twisted definition ) . 
  they cease to be refugees the second they enter the first safe country . 
  in their case it 's turkey . 
  after that they stop being refugees and start being economic migrants . 
  pothkan is a fringe leftist polack who shits up r/poland and this sub occasionally with his anti polish views . 
  there is no anti migrant propaganda in poland , polish people themselves simply do n't want migrants from mena . 
  there is n't some racist totalitarian conspiracy , poles do n't want third world rabble in our country . 
  we want poland to stay polish , according to pothkan this makes us racist sheep , thankfully people who think like him are in the fringe minority . 
  on the bright side , if that were to happen , a complete and rapid collapse of the eu would most likely occur due to push back amongst eastern/central european voters . 
  the ball is in merkels court , macron is a naive fool , we will see whether she can reign him in and save the union or if they are going to go all in and risk a complete political collapse . 
  as much as i am against escalation between major nations i think in this situation you are right . 
  erdogan is doing this to provoke and humiliate the eu , a single rocket backed by the us would shut his sabre rattling down quickly . 
  the real issue is that he is holding merkel by the balls in regards to refugees , the reason the eu wo n't respond is not because they are scared of turkey militarily , it 's because they are scared of the migrant wave they could unleash . 
  no one 's forcing them to get on the boats . 
  i love this argument , '' hey , these people do n't live in warzones but heard germany had better dental , it 's your fault if they drown whitey ! '', 
  it simply is n't our problem , if they do n't want to drown they should n't board smuggler boats and attempt to enter illegally . 
  welcome to globalism . 
  i 've actually spoken to people who believe that consumerism is a good thing and an identity based on patterns of consumption is preferable to one based on heritage and nationality . 
  globalism is all about money and the bottom line . 
  this .
