   asking if its safe to travel to france , scandinavia and europe in general . 
  speaking as scandinavian , ( mainly a swede , though ) i can say that it 's still safe to come here . 
  sweden has only had one suicide bomber yet ( in 2010 ) , and he only managed to blow up himself . 
  so , as of now , it 's still a safe place to go to ( of course there are areas you should avoid ) , but we 'll see how long that will last . 
  we can only hope that we will continue to be spared from these horrible acts in the future . 
  got sweden perfectly , 
  keep dreaming little brother . 
   no , foreign secretary is to deal with the rest of the world other than europe . 
  this is not making me more calm , mate !, 
  to get a deal from the eu , you have to trigger article 50 . 
  boris johnson has clearly shown that he has no intentions of doing this in the near future . 
  my bet is that he will pussy out . 
   maybe she just wants to humiliate johnson ? 
  he 's done that to himself already - to all possible extent . 
  `` boris johnson preparing his invasion of the eu . '', 
  this could be tactics though . 
  with boris johnson at the helm over foreign policy they will surely be kicked out of any international community in no time . 
  it 'll make for a good show though . 
  `` house of cards '' could n't top it . 
  this must be a fucking joke ? 
  i can not see him go to international meetings , commenting on global issues etc. 
  without making a fool out of himself . 
  i guess this is better than minister of welfare though . 
  than he 'd really have to cough up those # 350 million fast , or do some serious explaining ( which he definitely is n't capable of ) . 
  i can tell you one thing ; i 'm not being ruled by danes again . 
  exactly !, 
  there are several dictatorships , former and current , who have or had the word `` democratic '' in their name . 
  the thing which does it for me is that all of the baltic countries ( if i 'm not mistaking ) are observers at the nordic council ( consisting of sweden , norway , denmark , iceland and finland ) . 
  so they 're pretty much doing nothing , while really hoping to be a part of it all . 
  but be at ease , there 's been a lot of push from certain members within the council to allow the baltic countries to become full-feathered members . 
  yeah , the baltic countries are pretty much `` fake scandinavia '' . 
  sorry you guys , someone had to say it . 
   we vote for individual mps , we do not have a presidential system . 
  oh , that 's right !, 
  my bad , i forgot about that . 
  since i 'm swedish i 'm used to a system where you vote for the party and the party leader , as long as you do n't cross a specific person . 
  sorry about the misunderstanding . 
  this is what football should be all about ; the love for the sport . 
  people fighting with each other because they root for different teams is primative . 
  instead we should show respect for each other and the sport we all love . 
  football has nothing to gain from violence - it has a lot to gain from love and respect . 
  wait , the new prime minister of the independent , democratic united kingdom became prime minister by being the only one left to run ? 
  this is a pinnacle for democracy , people . 
  i heard that from my dutch friend as well . 
  what happened to you guys ? 
  yeah ... 
  i can count the games i actually enjoyed on one hand . 
  yeah - i kinda am . 
  sneijder was the shit back then , what can i say ? 
  today he 's just shit . 
  yeah - what the referee says is pretty much always final . 
  he/she can figuratively make any call he/she wants , but they have to face the consequences . 
  a bad call may not have any repercussions , while a bad call on purpose or a biased call may have repercussions , like suspension . 
  i was so small when this happened but were n't they better than greece in 2004 ? 
  what do you mean shitty ? 
  it 's golden !, 
  nothing has ever gone wrong from that mentality . 
  yeah , to be honest , it pretty much was . 
  to be fair - the germans were better than italy that game . 
  the italians were lucky to get a penalty which saved them from losing during full time . 
  not if you 're rooting for germany . 
  since they have never won against italy in a major tournament ( until that ) it was extra intense . 
  lebron has won the nba before you know ... 
  i 'm pretty pissed when the winning team stalls in the end of the game . 
  i understand that it 's tactical but it just seems like bad sportsmanship to me . 
  they ( germany ) beat them ( italy ) - in the most intense penalty shootout i 've ever seen . 
  makes sense !, 
  yes - a call is a call . 
  it did n't seem like he noticed it . 
  that annoyed me the most out of the whole game - and i rooted for france . 
  i can agree on that they did n't deserve to win based on the whole tournament - but based on the game ; they definitely did . 
  when it comes to betting , it 's the opposite for me . 
  in every single euro and world championship since 2006 i have managed to bet on the team who finishes second . 
  yeah . 
  wtf was up with that ? 
  they were everywhere !, 
  ca n't get over it . 
  what 's shitty too was that the play after the free-kick was what lead up to the goal ... well , well . 
  congratulations , portugal . 
  denmark got sk\u00e5ne ( scania ) back . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  i know that . 
  never in my text do argue against this notion . 
  i 'm talking about the governments , not the people . 
  but i may have been a bit unclear about that . 
  that was what i was talking about - the governmental approach . 
  red means pro , whilst blue means against . 
  during the last year the debate has been more polarized with a clear right and left wing split . 
  there used to be no split when it came to their `` utopia '' , but what the parties actually wanted to do to get there were pretty different . 
  for example ; every party wants a welfare state with good education and school , together with low unemployment ( pretty much what everyone wants ) . 
  the right wing and the left wing have different approaches on how to get there . 
  the right wing believes less restrictions on the market and more individual responsibility will do the trick , whilst the left wing wants to raise taxes and invest more in infrastructure , welfare etc. 
  it is true to say that the left and right wing were pretty similar for a good , what , 5-10 years ? 
  but with the refugee crisis and the challenges sweden has fazed with it has definitely lead to a bigger split between the right and left wing here . 
  as a swede i feel pretty surprised over that we were the most pro-invasion country ( 50 % against the war ) in the eu . 
  today i see far more people who criticizes it than defending it . 
  easy to be wise after the events , maybe ? 
  oh yeah , i remember this . 
  france 's and germany 's governments had pretty anti-invasion position whilst the u.k. , spain and italy ones were pro-invasion . 
  all of these countries were major eu-countries and all of them nato-members .
