  we are sending a dragqueen called conchita wurst , aka `` little cunt sausage '' if you translate it into english . 
  so ... whoever it 's going to be , it is n't going to be austria . 
  people like these make me think that the ancient greek way of dealing with debtors was n't so bad . 
  anyways , i hope he gets found and put into jail . 
  people like him make loans more expensive for people that actually need them . 
  the problem is that the only way to keep a sub good quality when it becomes large is to have a giant team of moderators ruling with an iron fist . 
  and that sooner or later inevitably ends badly when something is discussed that they are emotionally invested in . 
  and it would n't even address the problem with hivemind-voting . 
  only reddit giving mods statistics on who downvotes how much in their sub would do that . 
  getting eggs and bread blessed , hiding easter eggs for the kids . 
  in this town the mayor grills at the park and does an egghunt , where he gets to talk down all the other parties , who in response have made their own easter events where they talk down his party . 
  oh , did n't know that . 
  is there no united leadership at all in the orthodox church ? 
  wait , the russian and the ukrainian orthodox church are n't under one umbrella , the orthodox church ? 
  see , and that 's why it 's nice to be catholic . 
  we do n't have an arguing leadership unless the pope has split personalities . 
  meat and eggs being blessed beforehand if anyone bothered to go to church . 
  hey , we have that lamb-thingie too . 
  depends . 
  if eastern europe develops faster than western europe ( or deteriorates slower ) , then differences will sooner or later vanish . 
  i 'm austrian and i 'm all for a return of our emperor . 
  not necessarily in the k.u.k. 
  form , seeing as that rebellion and separation of hungary really was n't cool and should trigger serious doubts about their status as their own realm . 
  a monarchy provides stability , and a strong leader , trained his whole life for nothing but leading . 
  the habsburgs made us great , they will again . 
  or japanese citizens . 
  what does the cub have to do with anything ? 
  huh . 
  apparently i should vote for the bz\u00d6 . 
  that 's a bit of a surprise . 
  i still thought of them as that joker party that is basically the fp\u00d6 in carinthia . 
   fact is that it was created by a few of the pro-russian separtists no , fact is it was created and distributed by * someone * . 
  nobody has proven that these people were pro-russian and not just trying to stir people up against the pro-russians . 
  more than one side can play the propaganda game . 
   the payoff to not attacking russia , by contrast , is a small cost that 's the problem with his theory . 
  not attacking would mean the dissolution of nato and every alliance of the western powers . 
  that 's not a small cost , that 's a catastrophe that 'd basically set us back to before wwi even . 
  happen . 
  and if it does , the world will have more problems than just the baltics . 
  china would start gobbling up asia like it 's general tso 's chicken , the arab world would just explode , africa would erupt in even more rebellions than it has already ... 
  no , he did n't . 
  he said it actually got handed to some people at the synagogue , he has n't confirmed it came from the actual new government . 
  anyone can get a few friends going , pack some guns and masks , and print some fliers . 
  i could call up people right now and do the exact same thing in austria . 
  does n't make the threat real . 
   i think the public would likely see police action as a welcome change some would . 
  the problem though is that they do n't just yield . 
  the police would have to go in and pull them out . 
  there 'd be a fight . 
  even the teenagers would participate . 
  you 'd end up with plenty of pictures of `` police brutality '' and the more soft-hearted people would go crazy . 
  tell that to the people that can barely afford any heating as it is . 
  traveler/gypsy is a culture , not a race . 
  it 's more like saying `` are black gangs a problem ? 
  i 'm taking a guess : backlash . 
  if they start arresting the travelers , they scream racism and persecution , and some others join them . 
  look , it 's just not a war if you are n't fighting the french . 
  we might as well not bother then . 
  well , the ladies just love it when you have your own private country and a fancy crib full of art . 
  and the pope is only a man ... 
  yep , the private thing worked , thanks . 
  thanks . 
  i have trust the ecb wo n't let the euro fail . 
  as for the weaker economies within though ... well , let 's just say i 'm not investing in greece . 
  stuff like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jkjgspi.jpg ) you mean ? 
  yeah , we definitely have that . 
  loads of it . 
  could you link to an article without the need to register please ? 
  the proper one is made with veal though . 
  i think the pork one * might * be german , but do n't quote me on that . 
  [ irish stew ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb41qe672dc ) , moussaka ( just figure it out ) , [ ~ ~ kladkakka ~ ~ kladdkaka ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askmen/comments/16cd88/favorite_baked_gooddessert/c7uqzpr ) , and , a recent addition , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aadkl1uyzs ) absolutely beautiful carbonara ( seriously , you have to try it ) . 
  at least that 's what you say when a few of those 16000 are n't sitting in your neighborhood . 
  that 's where they came from though . 
  what else to do ? 
  they wo n't integrate , we ca n't send them back to india israel-style , no matter how nice a thought it would be , and we ca n't exactly just throw them in the ocean either . 
  no , they mention the same telc-test thingie as on the other site there . 
  you can apparently do a test or do the course . 
  i thought we had a test you had to take . 
  a recquired course would be pretty stupid . 
  no guarantee anyone learns and unnecessarily expensive . 
  edit : [ this ] ( https://www.help.gv.at/portal.node/hlpd/public/content/12/seite.120260.html ) tells me that the telc-thing is enough , which is apparently just a test . 
  english . 
  the normal lessons were going too slowly for me , so i just took my schoolbooks , read them at home , and then started reading english books and song lyrics . 
  i also had some ( very ) basic norse down a few years ago . 
  and am currently starting to learn italian the same way . 
  i 'll probably top up my latin too afterwards . 
  is your problem the pronunciation without text or just recalling the proper words and sentence structure ? 
  if it 's the former i ca n't really help you , if it 's the latter i 'd recommend you start writing a diary in the language you want to train . 
  you do n't need lessons , just get some books on the subject . 
  that 's not more than 50 $ or so . 
  then , once you have basic grammar down and a bit of a vocabulary , get easy books to read and just look up all words you do n't know in online dictionaries . 
   and as an illegal immigrant in morocco , `` hiding from the police '' , 24-year-old lenny otteh says he is a `` prisoner '' . 
  ... no , that 'd be a criminal . 
  what with * illegally * immigrating . 
  that 's only fair . 
  should be a requirement to get citizenship in the first place . 
  if you do n't speak the language , you 'll never fit into a country . 
  i have n't downvoted , but i 'm not sure if erotica has a place on stamps . 
  japan does n't do hentai stamps either , no matter how `` iconic '' it is for their country . 
  sorry , apparently the dates are different for the german programs .
