  our own low-skilled workers are already having problems finding jobs . 
  where do these new low-skill jobs suddenly come from ? 
  you are aware that you 're the first to mention skin color , right ? 
  applying for citizenship is what i meant . 
  got a bit confused there . 
  they still flee through countries in which they 'd be perfectly safe to get to the richer eu ( unless they 're moroccan or turkish ) . 
  the economic refugees are the problem , and the majority . 
  most refugees come through other countries first and only continue because they want to make more money in the eu . 
  in my eyes , if they flee from poverty , they are n't refugees , they are illegal immigrants and should be treated as such . 
  i think making sure that there is no way to enter the eu illegally is the cheapest and quickest option for that , and walls and soldiers with orders to shoot are the obvious solution there . 
  yes , in the beginning there will be a lot of deaths . 
  but after a while , word will get around that you do not enter the eu illegally and they 'll stop trying . 
  unless they 're fleeing from turkey or morocco , they necessarily have `` fled '' through other countries they could 've stayed in . 
  that makes them nothing more than illegal immigrants , unless you want to start accepting everyone that does n't make enough money into europe . 
  and they did cross the border without applying for asylum . 
  they are free to apply at their local consulate for any eu country . 
  you do n't react to an invasion by asking them to turn back , you do by opening fire . 
  since they do n't have new breathing holes , i assume we are n't doing that . 
  i 'm fully for supporting the south here , we need to stand together and take a harder stance against this illegal immigration . 
  300000 illegal immigrants is quite significant in a country with already high unemployment , or , if they were in my country , a country with 7 million citizens . 
   line up soldiers from lisbon to athens and shoot everyone who tries to set a foot on european soil ? 
  not that crazy , no . 
  just on the spanish/african border and around the enclaves . 
  the sea should of course be patrolled by the navy and illegal immigrants should be turned away . 
   it 's not like we have a welfare state to take care of the unemployed or anything , that would be a crazy idea . 
  that 's not going to work for long if we take in so many immigrants that all need resources too . 
  the people that do n't accept that sometimes harsh solutions are the only solutions . 
  this is on a scale big enough to count as an invasion in my eyes , and the army should react accordingly . 
  if you say it 's their genes , that 's racism . 
  but it is n't , it 's their culture . 
  and we know that culture has a large effect on you and how much a shitty culture can pull you down ( for example , blacks in american ghettos having problems getting out because everyone they know cuts them off when they become successful ) . 
  what they meant is immaterial , what they are doing if they get here is weigh on my money . 
  admittedly though , i know that i somewhat lack compassion . 
   on the basis of what they teach us in the west about right or wrong , about what is honor and what is cowardice , what do you think this statement makes you in my eyes ? 
  a babykilling monster . 
  i know that and i do n't have a problem with it . 
  there were times i had far less empathy than i have now , i 've accepted long ago that my rather cold approach to everything gets me a lot of hate . 
  the net is n't one leftist echo chamber . 
  it 's a lot of small echo chambers with different opinions and if someone enters that does n't agree with the hivemind , he gets shouted out . 
  and the same nobles ruled us , therefore we ruled europe . 
   the empire lacked behind in industrialisation and modernisation in the end . 
  i 'm thinking about 100-200 years earlier . 
  we could 've turned things around , grown strong again . 
  maybe re-establish the hre after that surge of friendship with the prussians during the war . 
  well , duh . 
  while we are at it , we must also stop world hunger , corruption , and civil unrest to stop the immigration waves from africa . 
  people already know what the problems are , solutions are what 's needed . 
  we are tiny . 
  we ruled europe once and now we are mostly mountains . 
  our biggest cultural export now is a bearded woman where it once was mozart . 
  our infrastructure is meh where it once was the best in the world . 
  of course . 
  in this case , yes . 
  this `` regions breaking away '' thing has already ruined my country , and i would love to see russia suffer the same . 
  so basically their low death-toll is n't for lack of trying , just lack of competence . 
   you would n't get killed for being well off middle class . 
  said the kulaks . 
  and , personally , i 'd rather die than give up what my family has accomplished . 
  not unless you define `` europe '' as `` the eu '' . 
  nobody wants to destroy his own country . 
  fp\u00d6 : barely hidden neonazis , occasionally using religion as a tool , want to throw all immigrants out ( and by `` all '' , i mean eastern ones and muslims ) . 
  christian values , traditional family , etc. 
  fp\u00d6 are definitely neonazi . 
  a lot of their people come from neonazi student organizations . 
  so ... what do you want to study ? 
  because that 's kinda vital in what university you should apply to . 
  if you want to study somewhere that does n't speak english , start learning the language before you get there . 
  let 's just agree that it was a muslim neonazi maniac . 
  well , the last one 's guaranteed at any rate . 
  they live longer and get more kids , for who we 'll need to send aid then too . 
  the more aid we send the more we 'll need to send in the future . 
  stop aid and they 'll improve their continent over time , although many will die in the first few years . 
  eventually they 'll be at a point where they have a sustainable population . 
  heating subsidies for our natives , job initiatives , giving more budget to towns , not shutting down police stations everywhere , etc. 
  our money should be used to benefit our people , not some foreigners half a world away . 
  once our problems are solved , we can then move to help them . 
  life 's not fair . 
  did i somehow deserve to be born here ? 
  but i was , and that does n't make me responsible for those that were n't . 
  i must admit i did not notice that comma . 
  per year , i guess ? 
  did n't think austria was that low . 
   and how we can possibly be giving a billion pounds a month , when we are in this sort of debt , to bongo bongo land is completely beyond me if that figure is true ... why the hell would you give away that much money ? 
  better to use it at home . 
   david silvester , ukip councilor , writing in a letter to his town 's newspaper that floods that ravaged parts of the u.k. in early january were the consequence of the country 's acceptance of gay marriage do gay people count as a race now ? 
  `` controlled '' is a bit strong , but our ties are definitely too close for my comfort and we are not the leader in that `` partnership '' . 
  yep . 
  you are supposed to complain about something back . 
  it 's a bonding experience . 
   visit beaches where they make themselves instantly recognizable by digging pits and sitting in them wat ? 
  any explanation for that ? 
  do they just give in to the natural german desire to dig trenches ? 
  turkish youth in germany . 
  it 's like their signature . 
  although my new barber is a turk and now i sport that haircut too . 
  complaining is the national pastime in germany and austria . 
  it means they like you . 
  because you have great whiskey . 
  that 's how neonazis look here . 
  well , they 'd be free to return with them if they so wished of course .
