  any knightly orders left or will we need new ones for crusade x ? 
  of course it is ( should it be true , ca n't look at the links right now ) . 
  europe is not muslim . 
  we have centuries of culture that will be destroyed if they take over . 
  ids generally do . 
  they really could 've given it another coat of paint after the first 400 years or so . 
  still looks cool though . 
  i should look into getting lion-legs for my chairs . 
  they are criminals . 
  literally their first act upon entering the country was a crime . 
  they are criminals and should be punished . 
  if you disagree , you are free to campaign to change the law . 
  then they should accept the consequences of their decision aka deportation . 
  we do not need to import criminals . 
  that interest rate is the rate that banks that have their money in the ecb get . 
  higher interest means their likely profits from lending have to be higher to not have the banks just park their money . 
  a new war on another continent maybe . 
  wars only boost your economy if you are n't the guy getting bombed . 
  last time i checked immigrants are n't gassed . 
  reporting criminals is the right thing to do . 
  and these people have n't become criminals by being of the wrong race , they have become criminals by their own actions . 
  they chose to ignore the laws of their host country right at the start , without even bothering trying not to be a criminal . 
  putin invades - nato is to blame . 
  i wonder how much the author got paid by the kremlin . 
   how in the world does it happen that your friends invite strange people ( setting aside their nationality or legal status ) ? 
  communists - not even once . 
  they are as much criminals as the arsonists and should be punished for their crimes . 
  of course it could be crushed . 
  there 's a russian state already im existence , any russian minority that wants to live in a russian state can move there . 
  yes . 
  and if you find them in your home without permission , call the police over the break in . 
  also get less shitty friends . 
  actually , yes . 
  he also did n't use chemical weapons . 
  `` permanent '' means `` until someone distracts the world enough '' . 
  russia never keeps its word . 
  he just has a very specific taste in porn . 
  they are still fighting against europe . 
  russian soldiers are the enemy . 
  no need to consider them further than that . 
  i expect the eu to get off its collective ass and send troops to ukraine . 
  maybe i 'm too optimistic , but i just ca n't believe that people that have lived during the cold war are willing to let russia spread again . 
  see , that 's a way of russian soldiers occupying ukraine i can get on board with . 
   comprehensive amnesty  able to appoint their own local law enforcement officials they torture and murder a bunch of civilians and now have the gall to want amnesty and the right to continue on with it ? 
  fuck that . 
  the eu or nato needs to send forces to ukraine . 
  negotiating with rebels is never a good idea . 
  just encourages more of them . 
  and in this case it 'd also encourage russia , which is definitely a terrible idea . 
  me too , me too . 
  i really hope the rest of europe steps it up now , what with russia going crazy . 
  considering that russia has forced neutrality onto us ... fuck neutrality . 
  let 's join nato . 
  better security than hoping that russians will follow their promises ( as if they ever had ) . 
  is n't there the whole protestant/catholic thing already ? 
  * resign * ? 
  seriously ? 
  he deliberately destroys evidence and he should be forced to * resign * ? 
  fuck that . 
  everyone involved in this cover-up should get criminal charges and a life sentence . 
  i am sure the people in the east that wanted to vote or vote against the separation when gunmen were everywhere and people were executed left and right had a fair chance of doing so . 
  [ he 's basically threatened it already . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2exb2n/update_1dont_mess_with_nuclear_russia_putin_says/ ), 
  eu , not nato . 
  austria is n't part of nato , thanks to russia . 
  there 's germany , france , and britain . 
  and there 's no need of significant force projection since the russians are conveniently located in the neighborhood . 
  you 're also supposed to wear identifiable uniforms and not humiliate pows . 
  which would call nato into action , and russia would lose that conflict , hard . 
  is n't that more of an argument * for * one than against one ? 
  i mean `` they ca n't shoot us so hard '' sounds pretty good , does n't it ? 
  not only for that , but it 's a large part of my stance , yes . 
  we must show that we will defend our citizens to ensure that not more of them get killed . 
  a lot of eu citizens are on aid missions in dangerous places . 
  if we show that we will not get justice for them , the chance of people deciding they want them dead is increased . 
  and russia is also attacking a country for wanting to join the eu . 
  we should show other countries that would consider joining that they will be protected . 
  i 'm not saying it 's going to happen . 
  our politicians are too cowardly for that . 
  but it is what * should * happen . 
  russia has murdered eu citizens and invaded a country for wanting to join the eu . 
  we should not let this stand . 
  we have all these men and weapons just standing around . 
  maybe a little training exercise , maybe with a few faulty maps ... 
  well , yes . 
  but that means that the northern part becomes independent ( of britain ), 
  whelp , that 's racist . 
  although the idea for the party this modmodou guy shut down sounded fun . 
   one depicted three black men with nooses around their necks does n't have to be racist . 
  seriously , you could paint the exact same thing if you are on the exactly opposite side and try to equate the recent shootings of black men in the us with lynchings . 
   another showed roma community leaders with text suggesting they condoned crime . 
  i wonder if those were actual quotes or not ... 
  does anybody have the pictures ? 
  because without seeing them it 's really hard to judge if this was warranted ( meaning they were legally obligated to do it because of a bad law rather than that jailing people for art is a good idea ) or not . 
  i would n't say `` all '' leftists . 
  just most . 
  there 's some intelligent leftists , but by and large they 're naive idealists . 
  i do . 
  it means they want to cover up their hatred of white people . 
  i have enough contact with sjws to know them very well .
