  we should really do that again some time . 
  well , there 's a reason for it , franz joseph 's full title used to be : his imperial and royal apostolic majesty , franz joseph i , by the grace of god emperor of austria , king of hungary , bohemia , king of lombardy and venice , of dalmatia , croatia , slavonia , galicia , lodomeria and illyria ; king of jerusalem etc. , archduke of austria ; grand duke of tuscany and cracow , duke of lorraine , of salzburg , styria , carinthia , carniola and of the bukovina ; grand prince of transylvania ; margrave of moravia ; duke of upper and lower silesia , of modena , parma , piacenza and guastalla , of auschwitz , zator and teschen , friuli , ragusa ( dubrovnik ) and zara ( zadar ) ; princely count of habsburg and tyrol , of kyburg , gorizia and gradisca ; prince of trent ( trento ) and brixen ; margrave of upper and lower lusatia and in istria ; count of hohenems , feldkirch , bregenz , sonnenberg , etc. 
  ; lord of trieste , of cattaro ( kotor ) , and over the windic march . 
  later they shortened it and just bolted an etc , etc. 
  at the end . 
  yes , he had so many titles even bureaucrats got tired of naming them all . 
  [ hardly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_lorraine ), 
  the great house that reigned austria until 1918 . 
  there 's a difference between them * saying * it and between it actually being there . 
  there 's only one possible reason the us did n't just give back the gold when it was asked : it 's not there anymore . 
  well , either that or they just plan on keeping it for themselves . 
  germany just chose to accept that instead of kicking up a fuss that could ruin the world economy as trust in the dollar plummets . 
  also , your username is kind of ironic . 
   ending talk of repatriating the world 's second-biggest gold reserves removes a potential irritant in u.s.-german relations because , y' know , the americans stealing the gold totally is n't an irritant at all . 
  actually , latin is a good idea . 
  it 's a noble language and it 'd remind us of the glory days of rome . 
  i think it would n't be too bad . 
  the eu would n't have habsburgergesetze , meaning the habsburgs would be a step closer to their rightful place . 
  and it 'd make us great again . 
  austria and germany fought the world together twice , imagine what we could do with the eu united . 
  plus it 'd simplify a whole lot of things . 
  although it has a good chance of killing off the german language long-term , what with everyone already speaking english . 
   but what about the capital city ? 
  i 'd prefer vienna , but it 'd probably end up being berlin or paris . 
  i 'm for holy roman empire of the german nation . 
  also , let 's make it an empire under the habsburgs . 
  do you prefer the [ independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/us-spy-base-taps-uk-phones-for-mi5-1364399.html ) ? 
  [ the guardian maybe ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/mar/01/menwith-hill-eavesdropping-base-expansion ) ? 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2477684/us-used-yorkshire-base-spy-angela-merkel-claims-whistleblower.html ) . 
  and their presence alone is a threat . 
  absolutely . 
  the american state should n't meddle in our affairs , and its agents have no place here . 
  the families with children would n't do the harassing . 
  one or two leftists start harassing that nearby neonazi-event , nazis follow , they run to the music festival to hide , nazis follow , fight them , others join in , someone gets stabbed ... 
  i did n't say that the neonazis are pure lambs either . 
  since `` anti-fascist campaigners '' speak about it , chances are there were at least some leftists around . 
  enough to provoke a fight . 
  what i am saying is that most likely both sides started beating each other , not evil fascists attacking pure innocent people at random . 
  i actually meant it in the sense that it is rather shocking to see people squeezed together like this . 
  i do have a bit of heart , even if it is overruled by logic most of the time . 
   ** anti-fascist campaigners ** said up to 40 neo-nazis had planned an event of their own nearby but stormed the family music event and stabbed a jewish man something tells me this might 've been less unprovoked than they 're making it out to be . 
  the far left , people that see `` fascists '' around every corner , are hardly innocent angels either . 
  the problem is that our wealth is n't infinite . 
  resources generally are n't . 
  the more we give away , the less we have . 
  and there 's a whole bunch of them . 
   germans moving to austria to study is n't a problem it kind of is . 
  a * lot * of them come here because germany has some stupid entry requirements into university we do n't . 
  and they take away space on our universities from people that 'd actually stay after being done . 
  with them having 10 times the population ... 
  i was going with cattle , but that works too . 
   by this it meant they agreed with six or more classical stereotypes about jews here 's a full list of the questions : * jews are more loyal to israel than to [ this country/to the countries they live in ] * jews have too much power in the business world * jews have too much power in international financial markets * jews still talk too much about what happened to them in the holocaust * jews do n't care what happens to anyone but their own kind * jews have too much control over global affairs * jews have too much control over the united states government * jews think they are better than other people * jews have too much control over the global media * jews are responsible for most of the world 's wars * people hate jews because of the way jews behave  jews are more loyal to israel than to [ this country/to the countries they live in ]  jews still talk too much about what happened to them in the holocaust  jews do n't care what happens to anyone but their own kind  jews have too much control over the united states government  jews think they are better than other people  people hate jews because of the way jews behave all these are the fault of israel . 
  many people equate jews with israel . 
  and israel behaves pretty badly . 
  that 's totally normal , people generally equate the ethnicity with its nation . 
  israel offers citizenship to all jews and often uses jews all over the world as mossad agents . 
  they constantly accuse people that are against israel of hating jews ( like this exact thing for example ) . 
  they manipulate the us to send them a ridiculous amount of money so they can fuck over palestinians . 
  they build settlements on palestinian soil . 
  these are n't antisemites , just people equating israel 's actions with those of all jews . 
  and if israel maybe started being less shitty , it would n't happen . 
  the polish thing was just an example to illustrate how bad an idea this is . 
  they fought germany and austria in wwi , germany and austria are part of the eu . 
  therefore it 's like flying the german or austrian flag there . 
   people who commit non-violent hate crimes ( within reason ) do not need to be imprisoned , as they 're not a threat to society at large . 
  they need to be educated . 
  there we agree . 
  i still do n't think this was worth however many thousand euros the investigation cost . 
  they fought against germany and austria . 
  do you really think it 'd please them to have a flag of a union including them flown over them ? 
  because that is not what these men died for . 
  they fought for their country , not for europe . 
  it 's like flying the swastika over a ceremony for the polish resistance . 
  last time i checked , muslims were n't exterminated under a flag of bacon . 
  it 'd have to be a crime to start with , for one . 
  i hardly think that wrapping bacon around a door constitutes a crime that the police should bother with . 
  they 've more important things to do . 
  that 's not a hate crime , that 's a stupid prank . 
  something that a drunk guy might do . 
  i 'm starting to think the concept of `` hate crime '' might be invalid to start with . 
  is it really worse if you beat someone up for being x race than just doing it randomly ? 
  not far as i can see . 
  it 's also basically never applied to a minority hating the majority . 
   he said he accepted the women may have felt they were the victims of unreasonable force from miss page 's partner lewis moore , 23 , who tried desperately to defend her from the attack . 
  i. . . what ? 
  is that judge literally retarded ? 
  four people are kicking his girlfriend in the head * and he is using unreasonable force * ? 
  stabbing them would n't be unreasonable force . 
  kicking someone in the head should count as attempted murder . 
  the kurds are a minority , just 17 % of people . 
  now everyone suffers . 
  not exactly an improvement , is it ? 
  and that 's not even taking western interests into account . 
  yeah , killing authoritarian leaders went so well in the past . 
  like in libya , or iraq . 
  those countries are practically paradises now . 
  putin is bad , but at least he 's sane and keeps the country stable . 
  you are thinking of * the * holocaust . 
  holocaust in itself is another word that just means `` slaughter on a mass scale '' . 
  jokes are not hate .
