  after they 're shot , they 're gon na go cold anyways . 
  social justice warrior . 
  the kind of people that get upset at everything . 
  look at / r/tumblrinaction for some examples . 
  that is an opinion borne out of the new sjw definition of diversity : the more brown people there are , the more diverse . 
  for example , a group of 100 % congolese is very diverse . 
  a group of germans , russians , swedes , and brits is not diverse in any way . 
  and as far as that one goes : europe is where white people are native . 
  of course there 's a lot more whites than anything else here . 
  the day they start complaining about japan , china , or africa not being diverse enough , they can start complaining about europe . 
  ca n't find anything , most likely because i do n't speak spanish and ca n't search for local sources . 
  have n't heard of an antifa march that has n't attacked police somewhere so far though . 
  they 're international . 
  i doubt there 's much difference between countries . 
  it 's a shirt with the symbol of antifa , a group of violent leftists that like to attack cops and peaceful demonstrations . 
  ... by people , who , once in power , have slaughtered their opposition and minorities in the streets . 
  look to russia what happens when the left gets in power . 
  you are honestly the last guy i 'd have expected to speak out against antifa . 
  good to see though . 
  i 'm actually not . 
  well . 
  replacing women on maternity leave * is * a giant hassle . 
  you really should be able to include in the employment contract that the employee agrees to not get pregnant . 
  certainly more of a `` solution '' than paternity leave . 
  i know i would n't wan na spend three months with a newborn , let alone more . 
  of course the wage gap is a myth to start with . 
  women just like to spend more time with their family , and men like providing for their family more . 
  women are n't paid less , they just make decisions that ensure that they do not do the same work as their male colleagues . 
  younger , immortality , fine , that i can get on board with . 
  but why no anus ? 
  what do aliens have against anuses ? 
  the police is right . 
  we ca n't show them that squatting works or they 'll do it more and more . 
  pull them out of the building and maybe throw their applications to the bottom of the pile again . 
  you are aware that the vast majority of europe is n't muslim and quite a few people here actually dislike them , right ? 
  the us has pretended for a long time now that they are our friends . 
  they have just recently proven that they are absolutely not . 
  finally someone that agrees with me !, 
  you are annoyingly loud , tend to lack some basic education in history and geography , and so far all of you i 've met have thought america the savior of the world . 
  still , i have nothing against you as long as you do n't work for your government . 
  you are friendly enough , in a weird , way too open , way . 
  now , as for the us , my opinion is entirely different . 
  it should keep out of our affairs , it has already done more than enough damage as it is . 
  well , maybe the us should consider not spying on their allies then . 
  no , the other one . 
   on friday , serbs in eastern sarajevo unveiled a statue of princip that is outrageous . 
  he was a vile murderer , a criminal . 
  he even murdered a woman . 
   how much is this event important to the average citizen of europe ? 
  fairly important to me . 
  it is what cost us our emperor in the end and what shrunk our great austria to the size it is today . 
  ca n't talk about others though . 
   do you talk about it ? 
  i lament the death of our archduke , but not much otherwise . 
  it should be clear that princip was a murderer and supported by the serbian kingdom . 
  the whole point was about the ones that are fighting for isis and similar organizations . 
   stop fucking acting like being pro-west absolves you of all of your crimes . 
  this fucking attitude is the most arrogant and infuriating thing i 've ever seen . 
  it does n't . 
  he is a vile human being . 
  but a vile human being that keeps his people from going extremist and attacking us . 
  in a perfect world , everyone would live in peace and security and prosperity . 
  we are n't in a perfect world and we have already seen what happens when we try to support `` the good guys '' ( not that the syrian rebels would be that , considering what they 've done to civilians as well ) . 
  it does n't work out . 
  extremists come and fuck everything up . 
  so , now i say let 's support the brutal regimes that like us . 
  better than having no government at all or a brutal regime that hates us . 
   i 'd rather you fuck off and not get involved than support a dictator not getting involved would also have been a good idea . 
  maybe the best . 
  supporting the rebels was the worst possible choice . 
  remember that certain parts of the uk can have much higher crime than the rest , as long as they 're small enough . 
  assad is pro-west and generally capable of keeping the country stable . 
  that 's good enough to support him . 
  the rebellion would 've ended very soon without encouragement and weapons from the west . 
  or bombs . 
  if he could back it up with statistics , yes . 
  but i have my doubts about that . 
  op is n't entirely wrong though , as / u/venacz says , it 's just that many africans come from fucked up countries and they grew up within a violent culture . 
   darius 's family had offered to return the jewelry he had stolen so they even admit he is a thief . 
   mr. sandu said . 
  `` it was not a racist crime . 
  this darius was the no . 
  1 thief in romania . 
  he comes here and steals , and makes a bad image for the rest of us . '' well , that pretty much settles that debate . 
  at touristy places , markets , and festivals : every time i come by . 
  otherwise : occasionally , but very rare . 
  now we know why so many poles are plumbers : they 're just dreaming of what they do n't have at home . 
  man , that really came out of the blue . 
  whoever could 've been expecting the party with [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hyilhpe.png ) flag to be headed by a neonazi ? 
   yeah , but can you really separate a people and their government ? 
  i 'd say so . 
  do we blame all jews for what israel does ? 
  i sure as fuck hope not , we already had that thing a while ago and it did n't work out . 
  if you are n't working for the us government , you 're just a guy that had the misfortune of being born in a place with a shitty government . 
  oh , i would n't say anything against americans . 
  as long as they come without the us government , that is . 
  a man is allowed to hope . 
  the us has fucked us over twice and they have proven that they do not consider germans friends either , what with the whole `` spying on everyone '' thing . 
  they are not of the shared european culture , what with not being christian and proper classical music like mozart and opera and so on . 
  i 'd say it went pretty well , what with europe controlling everything else .
