  they never integrate , even if they 've lived in a place for hundreds of years . 
  that makes them a giant target if you 're looking for someone to blame . 
  in modern days , it does n't exactly help how frequently they are willing to help out the mossad either . 
  free speech . 
   based on a clause of spain 's legal code which prohibits anti-semitic hate speech, 
  as a pagan , christians offend me . 
  we should ban them . 
  in that case my opinion is changed . 
  first i thought this was a blatant insult to us germans , but if they start to think of themselves as prussian/german ... 
  i say we should welcome our old/new eastern brothers . 
  did n't know scotland counted as the third world to some people . 
  they do n't . 
  you have the rights that you take , no more . 
  as long as you ( or someone fighting for you ) do n't have the power to defend your rights , you do n't have them . 
  or at least it is indistinguishable to that . 
  they do n't have to accept it . 
  we just need to starve israel out by cancelling all trade , all the while sending support and money to the palestinians . 
  then help police their state and make sure that they treat jews fairly ( and by that i mean that a lot of the ones that have ordered , or carried out , strikes on gaza get tried for war crimes too ) . 
  i 'm not for erasing the population . 
  they should just be palestinian citizens instead . 
  i do n't see why we should treat israel with the same level of respect as a legitimate state . 
  they 're just occupying forces . 
  israel is a state built on massacres . 
  it has no right to exist . 
  we should do a lot more than just throw out their embassies . 
  true . 
  we should replace them with palestinian ones . 
  it 's really time to start throwing out israeli embassies . 
  not a smart move with jesus . 
  makes you think who ended up killing him ... 
  accident or not , we must have our revenge for the murdered europeans . 
  it 's not a question of it being a good idea or not , it is our duty to do so . 
  russia must pay . 
  if they 're doing collecting punishment to the palestinians , i fail to see why we should n't do collective punishment of the israelis . 
  i 'd have agreed with you a few days ago , but after that shit that i linked there ... no . 
  fuck all israelis . 
  because they are enabling their government . 
  if they did n't vote them into office , if they did n't stand behind them , [ if they did n't press the fucking button when their `` government '' tells a bunch of palestinians to take shelter in a house that they subsequently proceed to bomb ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/22/world/middleeast/questions-about-tactics-and-targets-as-civilian-toll-climbs-in-israeli-strikes.html?_r=0 ) , then i would have nothing against them . 
  but they do , so fuck them . 
  all of them . 
  i really hope you are not talking about our emperor here . 
  he led us into a fight to save the old order of europe . 
  and the world would have been better off with us winning . 
  we should be grateful for what he did , not insult this great man . 
  he should 've written israeli instead of jew . 
  not all jews are israeli and they really ca n't be faulted for how they were born . 
  because you die for your people , your country , your family , etc. 
  you die to make their lives better . 
  especially in wwi , where it was to defend a better system of government against the tyranny of the masses . 
  in part . 
  in part as a revenge for [ what the russians did to prussia ] ( http://russianhistoryblog.org/2011/02/atrocities-in-east-prussia-1914/ ) . 
  ca n't they at least just peacefully occupy the field ? 
  it 's not like the football players make political decisions . 
  his whole argument was that nobody but the germans did it on that scale . 
  well ... the russians did . 
  ... you do n't look very closely at what the red army did , do you ? 
  hell , the germans treated the russians so roughly in part for what the russians did to the german civilians back in wwi . 
  yes . 
  communists aim to destroy our society . 
  they are the enemy of * everyone * that owns so much as a house . 
  of everyone that is n't dirt poor . 
  of everyone with ambition , or skills . 
  communism has a lot to do with removing personal freedoms . 
  like the freedom of owning property for example . 
  communism is against freedom of speech . 
  also a lot of other freedoms . 
  would you say the same for a nazi-party being banned ? 
  this should happen in more places . 
  op just really hates the russianpresidentians . 
  it 's a bit much . 
  here you vote for a party , know a guy that 's a bit higher up in the local party , and then get recommended by him . 
  all you need is to belong to the right party . 
  paying for it would be corruption . 
   `` i came because of anti-semitism , '' said teary-eyed veronique rivka buzaglo , one of 430 immigrants who arrived from france the day before . 
  `` you see it in the eyes of people . 
  i see it in everything , '' she 'll be a great fit for israeli politics . 
  joking aside : people should n't attack jews because they do n't like israel . 
  jews are n't automatically israeli and even if they were , they still do n't necessarily agree with what their state does . 
  x is left . 
  although more extreme left than you 'd see many people actually being , going into actual communism . 
  austrian politics are basically split between red = middle-left and black = middle-right . 
  with a somewhat random amount of blue = far-right thrown in at times . 
  there is n't that much difference between the two parties generally . 
  just small stuff . 
  yeah . 
  same as every other nation . 
  if foreigners kill foreigners , it 's a foreign problem . 
  if foreigners kill citizens , it 's our problem . 
  that being said , fuck the investigation . 
  we know the rebels did it , so let 's put an end to them . 
  priorities vary . 
  if the far-righters want the jews gone first and the muslims want the jews gone , they have shared interests as long as the jews are there . 
  i 'm for an austrian operation . 
  the italians can give us back triest , it 's high time we had a proper navy again . 
  tell that to israel . 
  oh ffs , if you feel like setting something ablaze , attack the israeli embassy . 
  the people there have something to do with israel at least . 
    50,000 people die each day from non-age related causes mostly non-eu citizens . 
  they 're the problems of their respective countries . 
   i mean , it would make us feel better , but why not just ignore these deaths like we do all the others eu-citizens have been murdered by a bunch of armed thugs .
