  europeans rarely get born muslim . 
   you are a nazi nah . 
  i have some significant ideological differences with nazis . 
  for one thing , i 'm not for socialism , national or otherwise . 
  then i 'm not for killing anyone unless it 's really necessary , do n't think others are inferior because of their race , and i actually like jews ( which does n't mean israel ) . 
   at least have some fascist tendencies not really either . 
  i 'm more for monarchism or , maybe , roman-style republicanism , although i 'm still researching the latter one . 
   concretly ( does this word exist ? ), 
  what would you do ? 
  ban veils for a start . 
  harder punishments for jihadi recruiters . 
  banning foreign funding for churches . 
  starting to make assimilation , not just integration ( if even that ) the goal for immigrants . 
  a slowdown of immigration and programs to get higher native birth numbers . 
   you ca n't be proud to be austrian ? 
  nope . 
  makes you a nazi . 
  and that 's just the nation , good luck trying to be openly proud of the german people . 
  the `` no borders , no human is illegal '' people are everywhere nowadays too . 
   again , like what exactly ? 
  i 'll take an example because it 's relevant : libya . 
  qaddafi got killed off , which was already meh , because he was just fucking with his own people , which really was n't our business . 
  anyway , he got killed off by european forces blowing up his airforce and tanks . 
  and what did we do then ? 
  fuck all . 
  we went away . 
  and thanks to that we now have a basically non-existent libya and a bunch of migrants , aside from all the costs associated with military operations . 
  what our ancestors would have done ( if they had intervened at all ) , would 've been to take care of the country after they took it , and collect some taxes there to amortize the costs of the military operation . 
  in short , they 'd have brought the country and its people up to a european living standard and made it all part of europe . 
  that 'd have been some strong and decisive foreign politics . 
  and while my other points are much less relevant to them , this goes even for the us , what with iraq and afghanistan . 
  stopping to bend over for other cultures for example . 
  putting our own citizens first again . 
  making it fine again to be proud of your people . 
  showing a bit more balls in international politics would n't hurt either . 
  they sense the weakness of modern society . 
  so they flee to one that behaves stronger . 
  to stop them being indoctrinated , we have to find ourselves again , find the way of our ancestors again , become ready and willing to defend ourselves and our culture again . 
  i recommend [ meatbread ] ( http://1d4chan.org/wiki/meatbread ) . 
  not necessarily traditional , but delicious and it fits the rest of your specs perfectly . 
  empty threats ? 
  it 's a clear insult . 
  and there 've been plenty of wars over as grave insults as these . 
  europe never was a country , but do you really think some tiny ruler would 've dared insult any european country in the 1700s/1800s ? 
  no , i am a patriot that wants europe to rise back to where we once were . 
  they have shown a startling lack of respect for europe . 
  some tinpot country ca n't just issue demands to us . 
  sending in a few ships , levelling some of their military bases , should be sufficient to show them their error and maybe next time they 'll reconsider their tone . 
  nobody electrocuted them , they ran into a substation that was marked `` danger high voltage '' . 
  they even have those nice skull-signs in case you ca n't read . 
  what 's the police supposed to do about that ? 
   number of criminals normally does n't increase with the number of potential targets true enough , but it gives existing criminals more targets to hit , and means the police is spread thinner . 
  it 'd only need more criminals if we assume that every criminal gets caught . 
  well , if there 's crime against certain targets , and you increase the number of targets , chances are you 'll end up with more crime against the targets . 
  deserved or not , if asylum centres have been targets of crime in the past , they certainly are expected targets of it in the future . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd compare prostitutes to heroin users . 
  i mean , prostitutes actually make a fair amount of money for not too much work and basically without any skill needed . 
  meanwhile , heroin users are ... well , heroin users . 
  because if attacks increased 300 % , but number of asylum centers increased by , say , 3000 % , then it means that crime went down a lot . 
  total numbers rarely mean anything , you always have to set them in relation to something . 
  `` what 's more important , the life of our fellow citizens , or that of those of the rest of humanity ? '', 
  question being how many new refugee centers sprung up during that time . 
  if they 're organized enough to get away clean ( apart from this one guy ) , they 're probably organized enough to have basic operations security . 
  i think `` directing terrorists that kill a foreign vice-head of state '' counts as starting a war on its own . 
  at that point , you either have to surrender totally to all demands to prove that it was n't you that planned it , or accept war . 
  just imagine if that happened with the us vice president . 
   picking up the habit of world waring around second was n't done by imperial germany , first one got started by serbia . 
  international law is there to give powerful countries a way to create a set of rules that weak countries have to follow . 
  and before you say it , yes , i 'm a pessimist/realist . 
  realistically speaking , without good defensive capabilities you 're only a sovereign country as long as others do n't start questioning it . 
  nope . 
  culinarily speaking , fish is its own thing . 
  and you can eat it during lent and on friday . 
  fish are animals , fish just is n't meat . 
  i know , but that does n't mean any german politician is going to be willing to risk the chorus of nazi cries coming from the left all over the world if he orders police to deport en masse . 
   well , then do n't be amazed that people consider you a danger to modern society . 
  i consider that a badge of honor and a sign that i 'm on the right way . 
  modern society has become decadent and weak , and without strong change it 'll crumble , like the british empire crumbled before it , and the huns before them , and rome before them , and egypt before that , and sumer before that . 
   pushing all of them to the outermost members of the union i 'm not talking about any eu members . 
  i 'm talking about turkey , jordan , etc. 
  wall around the land border , united european navy patrols around the sea border , along with more listening stations to catch every unplanned boat ? 
   first , `` the german people '' and `` german citizens are not identical '' , personally , i think that german people should receive german citizenship upon birth , any non-german citizen should have to earn that right , either by proving that he thoroughly acts and thinks like a german , or , ideally , by serving germany for a good amount of years . 
  i like the idea of the romans : citizenship after 25 years of military service . 
   we even have a right to asylum they come from safe countries , they do n't have a right to asylum in germany . 
  exactly . 
  german people pay of it , vote for it , and it governs the german people . 
  the german government is supposed to represent the german people , and care for the german people . 
  not the syrian people , not the afghan people , not the eritrean people , not the [ insert non-german country here ] people . 
  who pays for the german government ? 
  who votes for it ? 
  who do they govern ? 
  the german people do n't need it . 
  therefore the german government should n't confiscate stuff from german people to give it to foreigners . 
  walls , army patrols , sensor equipment . 
   your government plans to send those `` refugees '' back to their home country when the war is over they can plan all they want , but that 's not gon na happen . 
  not many of them will want to leave germany for a country that 's been bombed into dust . 
  barely anyone is deported now , and barely anyone will be deported in the future . 
  they 'd prevent anyone from trying to wipe you out , since the choice between `` get wiped out alone '' and `` get wiped out along with the enemy '' is a rather easy one . 
  but powerful weapons that you ca n't use are exactly that : useless . 
  they do nothing , except protect you from getting wiped out in a war .
