  shit like that is exactly * why * muslims are viewed as dangerous . 
  a cup of minced meat ? 
  what ? 
  is that something i do n't know about hungarian cooking or is that just weird ? 
  i thought hospital food could n't get much worse than here , but you 've proven me wrong . 
  are you trolling or something ? 
  i mean , what i consider `` european '' is already selective , but saying serbians are n't european is a bit much . 
  nationality . 
  i think it gives the most valuable information as people rarely ask for ethnicity . 
  i 'd still correct people who said that austrians are n't germans though . 
  i do n't identify myself as european because i think people can work out the continent for themselves . 
  it 's also a nice test to see if my conversation partner thought hitler rode a kangaroo into poland . 
  that too , obviously . 
  [ austria has a lot of territory with temporarily confused allegiance . 
  but yes , that 's where croatia belongs too . 
  she says independent , but with the tyrol part of austria , which is n't gon na happen because they 're happy here . 
  if they split , they 're going to return home . 
  there 's also a freedom movement in triest . 
  they definitely want to come back where they belong . 
  is his election campaign in all seriousness `` i 'll spend all the budget to bring in people that i know will cause problems instead of fixing anything '' ? 
  how many percent of the swedish population is in insane asylums again ? 
  i should really visit cyprus . 
  those church looks amazing . 
  russia would n't use nukes . 
  they know that if they did , they 'd all die . 
  it was pretty clear how it was going to look if the russians actually started moving in . 
  we can just hope that the west will intervene soon . 
  a federalized eu for the place in the world , a monarchy to make austria itself great again . 
  the empire brought prosperity to all its citizens and made them part of something great . 
  there was no need to end it . 
  what do you think would * any * country on earth do now if it 's vice president was murdered in some tiny country and the police there refuse to let the much superior police force of the vp 's country investigate ? 
  what do you think would the us do ? 
  sit down and take it ? 
  they left us no choice . 
  the serbs started it , not us . 
  i 'm for the ability , not the necessity . 
  winning it back again is good enough for me too . 
  constitutional to start with , but i have no doubt that after a few decades of seeing the improvements this brings , we 'd quickly decide to give more and more power to the emperor . 
  i am a monarchist because a monarch can act quickly and decisively , and he also brings stability as his policy stands for a whole lifetime , and since his children are brought up with much the same values , they 'd most likely also support them . 
  i 'm also in favor specialization . 
  why should we trust the fate of our countries to people that have decided late in their careers to join politics ? 
  why not someone that was brought up with the knowledge that he will rule one day ? 
  the latter would clearly be more efficient . 
  you can see for example , austria . 
  we were big under the habsburgs , we took great part in forming the culture of the whole continent , our scientists made great discoveries , and we ruled half the continent . 
  and then look at us now . 
  a people united will always be stronger than tiny groups vying for control . 
  yes , it should . 
  as long as individual members states are allowed to be ruled by monarchs , i 'd even welcome it . 
  we need to stick together to maintain europe 's traditional place on top of the world . 
  alone , we are all too small to change much and a growing china would sooner or later endanger our existence . 
  we need a central authority to be able to better deal with the refugees swarming the south , to investigate crime that moves through the open borders on the inside , to influence the world with one , united , foreign policy . 
  no , of course not . 
  if more than 50 % of your blood is european , you are european . 
  50 % is more questionable , but i 'd say it works if you are culturally european . 
  i 'm too . 
  occasionally getting new people is nice for the culture and all . 
   what if their family lived there for centuries ? 
  to be fair , not many black people have lived in europe for that length of time . 
  * maybe * some still existing families from servants that nobles brought over a long time ago , but ... that 's about it . 
  we never really had black slaves on the continent , so we do n't have a big historical black population . 
  i 'd say after a century or two here , you 're a real european . 
  for austria , i 'm using the empire as a rule of thumb : if your family has seen the empire here , you 're austrian . 
  it actually is , at least in austria and italy . 
  eastern european gangs cart buses of people in , they beg , then they cart them back . 
  in italy , i 've even seen shift changes , where one `` cripple '' just stands up , hands his crutches to a different guy , and gets into a bus , same for a `` mother '' and `` her '' baby . 
  edit : [ and here 's an article about it occuring in germany ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-hamburg-romanian-family-makes-begging-a-dubious-business-a-960866.html ) . 
  edit2 : [ and here 's one about it in austria . 
  ] ( http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/in-vienna-a-sinister-racket-in-children-2536554.php ), 
  remember : saying literally anything against unchecked migration for everyone , everywhere , is racist . 
  i wonder if this is the start of the great purge 2 : purge harder . 
  i mean , keeping everyone very close to himself is how stalin did it , hotel lux and whatnot . 
  those , and specialists that are currently sought after in the jobmarket . 
  i hate modern architecture in general , and this is no exception . 
  ... something 's wrong with your semmelkn\u00f6del if that 's the case . 
  try pulling it next time . 
  it 's much , much better . 
  we need more of those guys and less saudi-funded assholes . 
  note how i said `` tighter controls '' instead of `` absolutely no immigration ever '' . 
  it * does * have an effect on the reoffending rate though . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  if there 's , say , video evidence of the convict stabbing the victim , you can be pretty damn sure . 
  or if the convict 's dna/fingerprint was on the murderweapon , along with blood of the victim . 
   do you care so little for the lives of innocent people that you would be happy to palm off their families with a letter and some cash having killed them ? 
  no , i just think that the chance of an innocent dying is rather small . 
  an innocent every decade or two is a small prize to pay for no more murderers . 
  obviously only do it if you are very sure of his fault . 
  and yes . 
  that and some monetary compensation . 
  i do n't agree with the pedophile thing , but definitely for murderers . 
  if they extinguish a live , we should extinguish theirs , to ensure that they 'll never do it again . 
  most of the ones that you hear about are somewhere between 14 and 18 . 
  at least most of the ones i 've heard about . 
  then the parents can go to the police and have them arrested for terrorist activities , for their own good . 
  that they are not doing it suggests they at least partly agree with that ideology themselves . 
   most of the radical islamists in sweden , he said , were second-generation immigrants , but that does n't mean the problem stems from immigration , rather the glaring lack of prevention programmes and exit strategies yeah , there 's absolutely no problem with immigration introducing extremists into europe . 
  absolutely none . 
  / s we need tighter controls on who gets in . 
  if there 's even a hint of extremist connections in someone 's past , or gets hinted at in interviews , he should not get into europe , ever . 
  the parents already have to have some of that ideology in them , otherwise they would n't let this happen to their kids .
