  they can wait a year until isis is wiped out . 
  proving someone fought for isis is hard . 
  proving someone went to the middle east , significantly less so . 
  better some innocents get caught up in this than we get our own home-bred terrorism cells . 
  besides , i did n't say forever . 
  just until the last of those isis clowns are wiped off the face of the earth . 
  but `` what happens in genocidal theocracies stays in genocidal theocracies '' sounds so catchy ... 
  i said `` need '' , not `` want '' . 
  if you are n't there for your job , you probably do n't * need * to be there . 
  introduce a special permit that is required for travels in the middle east and only given if you can prove a need . 
  and if you are proven to be there without one , your citizenship gets deleted and you are barred from returning . 
  then go on to make a shared database between the whole eu for those people to bar them from crossing into the eu . 
  then stop that multi-culti stupidity and start introducing immigrants very early to the culture and maybe have them go out in smaller groups with social workers now and then to make sure they assimilate . 
  i said * native * . 
  as in `` their ancestors came with the normans at latest '' . 
  and that is why i am against multiculturalism . 
  one country , one culture . 
  and those that do n't like it can move somewhere else . 
  people in britain also ca n't buy guns in the super market . 
  it is commonly said that the person giving the order did the deed . 
  for example , shah jahan did n't literally put stone upon stone for the taj mahal . 
  russian supported rebels shot it down with russian hardware . 
  who do you think ordered giving them that hardware ? 
  yeah ... people really should be able to wear what they want ( outside courtrooms and such of course ) . 
  the law is basically assuming that every woman that wears a veil does so because she is forced to by her husband , neglecting that there is plenty of women that do it because they want to . 
  maybe diplomats should be taught the meaning of the word `` diplomacy '' before they start their job . 
  that ... is pretty catastrophic . 
  holy shit , how does that happen in europe ? 
  real snuff by the strict definition of `` people murdered to sell/produce a fetish film '' , no . 
  i have no doubt it exists somewhere , but i 've never seen any . 
  i 've never been a part of the more worrying forums either . 
  i 've watched * a lot * of simulated stuff , i have also fapped to a video of an execution by some gang in one of my darker moments , and accidentally to some pictures of real accidents and murders that i 'd assumed were staged at the time i did it . 
  i 'm not exactly proud of the latter two things and they have been a while ago . 
  i have more of a free-range eggs approach to the whole thing nowadays . 
  as i said : i do n't particularly like it , but my empathy has been growing for a while now . 
  i 'll give you the snuff , but [ rape is actually quite a common fetish ] ( http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/all-about-sex/201001/womens-rape-fantasies-how-common-what-do-they-mean ) . 
  as for antisocial personality disorder ... 
  i have been suspecting sociopathy for a while now , but i never went to a psychiatrist to get confirmation . 
  and my empathy has grown a fair amount over the last few months anyways , so i wo n't bother with it now either . 
  i have never had trouble with the law . 
  even when i utterly lacked empathy , i was n't willing to risk getting thrown into jail . 
  and i certainly would never treat my friends or girlfriend badly . 
  i 'm not quite sure if you 're pro-putin or not . 
  look at my last sentence . 
  i 'm against him now . 
  he murdered eu citizens and that is entirely unacceptable to me . 
  i am not entirely sure what my fetishes have to do with my political views . 
  yeah , it was like that for me , personally . 
  i was all for putin at the start of this , or at least not pro-ukraine because ukraine was supported by the us and i highly dislike the us . 
  not to mention that he is a strong leader that is willing to take charge instead of the pussies we have that never change anything , and a real man too . 
  then he murdered a few hundred eu-citizens . 
  turns out i 'm more loyal to the eu than to my anti-us sentiments , or my liking of a strong leader . 
  in my experience , people who have owned a house have been rather reluctant to move back into a rental property . 
  it 's just ... different . 
  you can do whatever the fuck you want . 
  if i feel like remodeling the bathroom , i can just pick up a sledgehammer and go at it for example . 
  that after their house gets repo 'd , they wo n't get another loan again . 
  i had assumed it meant `` lower than market price for whatever reason '' - friend of the owner , welfare , bad negotiating skills on part of the owner ... 
  maintenance can easily cost thousands of euros when it happens . 
  the money you pay is most likely saved up to pay for it when needed . 
  how many native britons do you think are fighting for isis ? 
  [ here is his body ] ( http://i.imgur.com/exxizzu.jpg ) , [ here he is robbing the store ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oufmrym.jpg ) . 
  compare . 
  it 's the exactly same clothes , minus the hat , which is [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fzeadbm.jpg ) , just an arm 's length from his body . 
  i would n't exactly call turkey a `` friend '' though . 
  `` increasingly authoritarian country with way too much religious influence '' more like . 
  oh , do n't worry . 
  i would n't live to see it . 
  i 'm not of the religions of the book , which means under sharia law my head should be approximately 2 metres from my body . 
  we assume he is a criminal because he was caught on camera robbing a convenience store 10 minutes before he was shot . 
  yes . 
  thieves are absolute scum , no matter their age . 
  i 'm in favor of the death penalty for certain crimes , outlawed in my home country or not . 
  not for thieves , although i think we are too soft on them . 
  they are scum that try to enrich themselves on the hard work of others . 
  thieves should not be able to get away with a fine , ever . 
  a jail sentence should happen in every case , and the sentences should be lengthened too . 
  and they should certainly not be able to steal again . 
  a public mark of some kind is a necessity to keep them from reoffending . 
  in modern times , a tracking chip that gets read by scanners that can be installed in all shops and stores would work nicely , maybe coupled with a prominent tattoo to ensure they ca n't pickpocket either . 
  at least the old people still know how to queue properly . 
  that 's just the first ones i found on google . 
  there 's others where you can see more clearly . 
  i 'm aware of the status of the us police and if the other party would be an innocent citizen , my opinion would be more neutral . 
  but as it is , the other guy has already lied about the situation , and he is a criminal , a robber even . 
  his word is n't worth anything . 
  yes . 
  he has the same clothes , same shoes , same build , same cap . 
  unless he had a secret twin and was really into matching outfits , it 's him . 
   the large show of force by military level trucks , gear and weapons does n't help either it actually does help against the rioting and looting , which was proven by it beginning again as soon as the protest whisperer came in and tried hugging the looters away . 
  or ... [ robbing a store and assaulting an employee because he tries to stop you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jnq3dfj.jpg ) . 
  the only other guy that was close enough to actually be able to judge what happened in the car/who attacked who first is the felon-friend of brown 's that already lied about robbing that store . 
  i trust a cop over a robber . 
  please tell me that is n't mold on the floor . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  right , or not , people will look at guys like this and go `` see , i was right '' or , worse , `` well , guess muslims really are terrorists '' . 
  i disagree with not allowing muslims to come here at all , but there should be a one-strike rule for asylum seekers , especially for violent offences or threats . 
  one crime and they should get deported , and their fingerprint taken to ensure that they can never apply again . 
  if he wants shariah law , he can fuck off and go over there . 
  you ca n't complain that muslims are seen as bad by many and at the same time say that a large part of society should just die .
