  shit , i 've literally seen arguments that a white kid that killed himself because he was bullied by asian kids could n't have been hurt by it because of white privilege . 
  austria gets back it 's [ rightful borders ] ( http://i.imgur.com/k2ztymo.jpg ) , germany gets prussia and elsass-lothringen back , ireland becomes independent , the scots become independent , russia gets ripped apart and becomes a few different countries . 
  sadly true . 
  they think of white people as human , obviously , but they think of us as the oppressor too . 
  and of course if someone is an oppressor , he has the power and ca n't be fucked over himself . 
  same with capitalists and communism . 
  do n't think that 's going to work after he 's already joined . 
  i doubt isis 's exit policy differs that much from other criminal gangs . 
  the problem is that he can request a new one . 
  burning your passport does n't mean that much if you do n't renounce your citizenship too . 
  i might be slightly biased , but i vote for the [ `` gott erhalte '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06643umejzg ) . 
  [ here 's the full version , to sing along with ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlg-znsvxj0 ) . 
   but to them it is n't justice , because they 're basically be let off free to do want they want in their newly conquered territory i said we should n't let them return , not that we should n't go over there and make sure they stop doing anything at all . 
   making them martyrs will only strengthen their cause and after every last one with a radical bone in his body has become a martyr , the terrorist problem will be solved . 
  they can not stand against western civilization . 
  sounds like the hymn of a cult . 
  maybe scientology wants to adapt it . 
  define `` justice '' . 
  for me , leaving them stateless for what they have done is justice . 
  at least partially . 
  letting them come back and throwing them in prison for a few years is n't . 
  it is not proportionate to what they have done . 
  we really need to get the death penalty back . 
  what would you say to sending them to an island a bit away from europe ? 
  i think the falklands are only sparsely populated , just build a fence around them and they could serve nicely . 
  i think something like that is needed . 
  sending them back is n't exactly the best option and neither is taking them all in . 
  nations are built on a common culture , language , and ancestry . 
  the more any of those is disturbed , the weaker the nation gets . 
  all three at once getting weakened is n't too desirable . 
  peace is best guarded with overwhelming force . 
  ca n't guard much when you can be destroyed by the enemy . 
  we do need more . 
  a few nukes are less of a deterrence than a lot of them . 
   he thought around two-thirds of them had come back to austria  officials were tracking the target group 's foreign travel and monitoring their activities when they return given the security risk they might pose arrest them instead and never let them out of prison . 
  or make them have an `` accident '' . 
   the suspects had mostly come to austria as young people and got political asylum that could be revoked should they be convicted of joining a terrorist organization , officials said . 
  very good . 
  we do n't need to give asylum to terrorists . 
  for now , they should stay . 
  we * should * build more of our own though , and once we have a sufficient number , they should go . 
  if israel can ignore these treaties , so can europe . 
  to the police so they can be under surveillance and maybe arrested for hate speech . 
  less than half their landmass is in europe . 
  that means they are not a european country . 
  [ look at this map . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/stm7abg.gif ) the vast , absolutely overwhelming , majority of russia is in asia . 
  russia is no more european than turkey . 
  i do not consider russia to be european . 
  the european continent goes a bit further than ukraine , but the cultural part does not . 
  if your cousin goes `` hey , do you know what i think would be a good idea ? 
  killing all the infidels . 
  do n't you think that would be a good idea ? '' ... 
  maybe it 's time for an intervention . 
  we have a shared history that binds us together . 
  we are where the romans were , where the vikings pillaged , where the german tribes swept over the land and became kings and ruled us for thousand years . 
  we have shared ancestors . 
  no , if you look at a map , you see a clear natural border . 
   why limit ourselves , if both the eu and the other country win out by it , they follow eu rules and european values , what 's the problem ? 
  because they are not european . 
  if we take them , we 'd have to admit you aussies too . 
  and the ` muricans . 
  might as well take south korea too while we are at it . 
  it waters down the purpose of the eu . 
  europe has a shared history for thousands of years . 
  we do not have a shared history like that with asia . 
  yeah , but at the very border . 
   families were reporting to the authorities when they discovered their sons had headed to the middle east to fight maybe they should report them beforehand . 
   also why do so many people refer to democracy and human rights as culture should n't they be universal and independent of a country 's culture they are n't . 
  only things that can not be broken ( in the vast majority of cases ) are universal . 
  the laws of physics are universal . 
  human rights only go as far as that specific human can defend his rights . 
  ukraine i 'd take . 
  it 's still in europe , more or less . 
  belarus even more so . 
  it 's no more east than finland . 
   what if european really means not being in europe geographically , but sharing and respecting european norms and values ? 
  then we might as well take in ` murica and canada and australia while we are at it . 
  the european union means being european . 
  kazakhstan is only slightly more in europe than turkey is . 
  i 'm against it . 
  the european union is european , we should n't take countries that have just a tiny bit of land in europe . 
  i * did * have a job before i was a student . 
  i did n't start right after highschool . 
  and i still own a business . 
   i like that you are implicitly admitting that plenty of immigrants are hard working , productive citizens i was pretty open about it . 
  i have no problem with immigrants as such . 
  but they have to be useful . 
  we seem to have a different philosophy on what to do when they are n't . 
  giving them more help when they 're already not utilizing what everyone gets just seems like rewarding them for bad behavior to me . 
  maybe your method has some merits too though . 
  i 'll think on it . 
  well ... shit . 
  if i would n't be in university right now , i 'd do it . 
  yeah , especially the name thing . 
  does n't make any sense to be willing to have your name published in a newspaper but not talk to the police . 
  they learn it a bit in school , but go back home to their part of the city , where everyone speaks the language from their home country , and their friends all do too . 
  as a result their german is ... basic , if you 're describing it nicely . 
  the problem we have , at least in austria , is that if i walked into a turkish neighborhood right now and asked them about themselves , they 'd say that they are turkish . 
  not turkish-austrians , certainly not austrian , just turkish .
