  and i 've been in forums for that fetish . 
  i 'd know if there was one . 
  i 'm all for simulated pictures being legal though . 
  you know what happened last time you annoyed the germans , right ? 
  i highly doubt the cia is particularly representative of the average us citizen . 
  and yes , i know . 
  but the people i could blame for the decisions that i dislike the us for are long dead . 
  the us still exists though . 
  so i dislike the us government , but not the us citizens . 
  i did n't say i do n't like americans . 
  i have nothing against you guys ( as long as you do n't work for the government , that is ) . 
  maybe we should go back to quill and parchment . 
  no code is better than the average hurried handwriting . 
  on the one hand , i like money . 
  on the other , i do n't like the us . 
  i 'm highly conflicted right now . 
  so ... did anything happen in saurovka or are they making that part up too ? 
  merkel clearly is a muslim extremist . 
  if you look closely , you see clearly that she 's just osama without a beard . 
  when will people finally learn that not all jews are israelis ? 
  they could at least block the israeli embassy instead of a random synagogue . 
  how many indian-speakers does denmark have ? 
  because they do n't even speak english . 
  how are they supposed to make * any * money when they ca n't even communicate ? 
  they 're teenagers , i would n't consider it impossible they just got the idea to stay on the spot and decided to go for it . 
   ideally , we should work towards a 1-state solution with one united palestine there , who would then of course be required to treat and protect jews as full citizens . 
  i 'm not for a two-state solution , but i doubt we could do better than it , sadly enough . 
  not officially . 
  we should heavily limit our trade with israel until they have at least retreated to their 1967 borders and demolished all settlements . 
  ideally , we should work towards a 1-state solution with one united palestine there , who would then of course be required to treat and protect jews as full citizens . 
  britain gave the land to israel . 
  what bothers me most about brick and mortar stores is that so many have no web presence whatsoever . 
  they are n't even entered on google maps . 
  how am i supposed to find them ? 
  just wander around a city , hoping to find what i 'm looking for ? 
  you do n't need to order more , you need to order less . 
  specialize on a certain genre , and do events around that genre . 
  that bookshop i talked about only carries fantasy and science fiction , and they have a great selection and customer service there . 
  in that department , amazon ca n't top them . 
  i do n't , but the ones that do usually go to supermarket dumpsters and pick from there . 
   pay gap the pay gap , as in women are paid less for the same work , does n't really exist . 
  it 's caused simply by women making different choices than men , like working less overtime and such . 
   if the quota is set up properly , the proportion of their seats will be the same as their proportion in the overall population yes , but others of their minority can be elected into other seats as well , causing an imbalance . 
  it 's stupid . 
  small bookstores * can * compete , they just have to find a niche . 
  for example , a store near me now also has boardgames and pen and paper rpgs and has boardgame nights/rpg groups there . 
  and it 's the only bookstore i 'm still visiting regularly . 
  meanwhile , another bookstore that clung to the old model of just having books and newspapers and calendars died . 
  when you ordered books from them , they actually ordered from amazon . 
  having laws to stop progress does n't work and hurts society in the long run . 
   meritocracy does n't work equally for both genders i am sure you did n't mean it like that , but that reads very much like `` women are worse than men '' . 
  it works equally if they are good . 
   is this backed by any studies or is it just your opinion ? 
  i have [ this ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8572912 ) study about sexual behavior , clearly showing that ( the majority of ) women prefer to be submissive in the bedroom . 
  i 'd argue they also carry this outside of it and that this can be seen throughout history . 
   why ? 
  i assume you 're not a part of a minority . 
  because it often gives minorities unequal representation . 
  if a few percent of the population have secured seats in parliament , it can easily lead to them having a stronger voice than they should and making decisions that are not beneficial to the majority . 
  and no , i 'm not a minority . 
  waiting . 
  women can go study politics just as any man , they have the same chances to get into politics just as a man . 
  if they are then good enough , they 'll rise through the ranks ( just as any man would ) . 
  just takes a few generations . 
   you do n't think 10 out of 28 is a reasonable expectation ? 
  it 's assuming that women have the same desire to get into politics as men , which i see as wrong . 
  women and men are not the same . 
  we have different talents , and different desires . 
  sure there 's women that want to lead , but they are few and far between . 
  we should recognize that and stop trying to force people to get into jobs they do not want . 
   what do you think about other types of quotas , say , reserved seats for ethnic minorities in parliaments ? 
  just as much bs as gender quotas . 
  well ... if you 're russian , it 's probably time to move now . 
  i have , yes . 
  considering i 'm not a muslim , it probably would n't go to well though . 
  if he has troops that follow him , they must want him to be in power . 
  and since they hold that area , they have the right to do that stuff . 
  yes , he might be russians . 
  but if the majority of his troops are ukrainian and they want him to lead them , i do n't see a problem with him being russian . 
  are you really arguing that there 's no ukrainian nationals fighting on the rebel side ? 
  'cause it is n't only russians . 
   murders random people for disobeying his orders executes troops that are disobeying orders and criminals . 
  the execution of an armed robber . 
  he was nothing but a parasite on society , and i applaud them for taking a strong stance against this behavior . 
  thieves are nothing but scum to start with . 
  no need to shoot them all , but we really should n't get too upset if it happens . 
  they 're just thieves . 
  and this man was n't just a thief , he was an armed robber too . 
  those should definitely get more than a few years in jail . 
  they threaten people with weapons . 
  they can scar people for life . 
  they should at least get the same treatment . 
   it was found along with another order to execute two members of the rebel militia -- dmitry georgyovich `` bolgar '' slavov and nikolai alexandrovich `` luka '' lukyanov -- convicted by the military tribunal for kidnapping a local man , looting his home and jailing him in the basement of the sbu without permission from strelkov so they maintained order . 
  that 's a good thing , surely ? 
  i 'd like to see such a thing from the us instead of protecting war criminals . 
  and the thief they executed was in jail for armed robbery beforehand as well . 
  not someone you need to grief over . 
  not everything about the rebel fighters is bad . 
  this is a good example of how to maintain order . 
  false .
