  that includes holocaust jokes . 
  although i ca n't say that i find his linked palestine video particularly funny . 
  i 've had some experience with communists in my country . 
  the comic fits at least them . 
   is condemned as a practice by islamic scholars wait , what ? 
  if even their own scholars are against it , why are they still doing it ? 
   roma , who are frequently accused of burglaries and of running child pickpocket rings they are accused of these things because they are doing them . 
  government reaction to this should focus on breaking up the gypsy camps that breed crime . 
  would n't have happened had he not ( most likely ) robbed people and broken into homes . 
  not a terrible loss if he actually did it . 
  problem is ... people lie . 
  time for france and the others that destroyed libya in the first place to move in and secure it . 
  austria has a law for this . 
  you actually lose your citizenship if you fight in a foreign conflict . 
  sucks for mercenaries , but i 'd imagine it 's quite useful right now . 
   well i guess that could be an option , but this has nothing to do with actual violence directed towards somebody yes , it does . 
  had he been arrested for his crimes , he would n't have been beaten up . 
  that means we must make the police more effective in dealing with these criminal gangs . 
  we must take away crime as a viable option for them , then they will go to school and work jobs . 
  revenge is a form of justice . 
  although this was over the top . 
  i was never in france , but that 's what the people , including the french , said in yesterday 's thread . 
   just because he is on a lower moral level that does not imply we should be if the police does n't work , what are the people there then supposed to do if beating him * at all * is out of the question ? 
  hope really hard they do n't get robbed ? 
  if there is crime and the system does nothing , people take it into their own hands . 
  if a whole group of people can steal without much repercussions , something needs to change . 
  personally , i 'm for defining gypsy camps as organized crime . 
  that way , they lose their support system to save them from jail . 
   also even if it was his decision , it 's not like he did it for shits and giggles his reasons do not matter . 
  his actions do . 
  justitia is blind for a reason . 
  he robbed people . 
  he should be punished for that . 
   putting him in jail : ok . 
  i agree that this would be preferable , but there 's a problem with it : the police ca n't investigate easily inside of a gypsy camp . 
  the moment he got there , his loot was out of his hands and unless the police turn the whole camp upside down , which means fighting the inhabitants because they do n't give a shit ( and being called racist for it ) , they are n't going to be able to prove anything . 
   beating him up `` a bit too much '' ? 
  look at that kid . 
  yes , i did . 
  that 's why i said he was beaten up a bit too much . 
   are we in fucking 1939 again when it was ok to lynch minorities ? 
  considering where he lived , he was most likely beaten up by minorities . 
  cause that 's the people that live there . 
  hardly a group of neonazis . 
  let 's hope for a nice , long prison sentence . 
  remind me , how did that siege go again ? 
  [ oh , yeah , the turks lost . 
  twice . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctpmekwc808 ) they can try again if they please . 
  isis and the cartels torture people before they kill them as well . 
  and the point was to make it clear to not steal from whoever that guy stole from . 
  him disappearing does n't send as strong a message as torturing him . 
  unconscious people generally do . 
  he is n't dead yet . 
  it was his decision to rob people . 
  yeah , beating him to this state was a bit much . 
   except for , you know ... drug formulas . 
  not really bad , as long as the people executing them are n't dumbasses about it . 
   the tor please , if you feel the need to talk about things you do n't know anything about , at least learn the names properly . 
  seriously , this is embarrassing . 
   which is 90 % of the internet no , the uncategorized internet is 90 % of the internet . 
  sites not reached by search engine crawlers . 
  that 's not necessarily . onion sites . 
   the internet pushes through every border control legislation because the internet has no borders . 
  this sounds like people are smuggling drugs through their broadband . 
  the only thing the internet can transport is information . 
  and more information is n't bad . 
  and if the media industry would decide to innovate and use the internet instead of fighting it while clinging to their outdated business models , there 'd be a lot less piracy . 
  the value of a human life is n't null , it 's just below some things and it is also influenced by what human we are talking about . 
  for example , the life of a teenaged career criminal has definitely less worth than a faberge egg . 
  of course it can be justified , if the objects are valuable enough or the way of taking the objects is savage enough on its own . 
  robberies are definitely worth a good beating . 
  maybe not into a coma , but good nonetheless . 
  that shit can give people ptsd . 
   i remember reading on reddit some posts from roma who note that the only way they were ever able to get by in society was to actively suppress their cultural identity and pretend they were n't roma - since the slightest admission of them being roma would lead to them experiencing open hostility . 
  and you just found a way how they can join society . 
  their culture is incompatible with modern society . 
  it just does n't work within society . 
   is it good to beat him near death for it ? 
  that 's literally the next line of my comment . 
  i was talking more about the anti-racists quoted in the article . 
   robbery robbery always involves threat of force far as i know . 
  taking food that has been left in the open is theft , not robbery . 
   regardless , sure you can appreciate that `` violently assaulting someone , putting them in a coma and leaving them to die '' is a massive step beyond `` used force or threat of force to obtain ill-gotten goods '' if you use force , you have to expect force to be used upon you . 
  it is somewhat beyond , but it did n't exactly hit an innocent . 
   maybe if we stopped trying to alienate them from society and shoving them in ghettos , they would n't see becoming career criminals as the only option to survive . 
  if they showed some good will first by stopping to become career criminals , i 'm sure all that would happen . 
  they need to take the first step , because society 's first duty is to protect its members and since they prefer to keep outside of it and endanger the members of society ... 
  a 16 year old that robbed people . 
  as in `` used force or threat of force '' robbery . 
  not some poor innocent angel . 
  a career criminal that is n't even out of his teens . 
   due to the institutionalised racism against roma maybe if they would produce less career criminals , people would like them more . 
  crazy idea , i know . 
   the article only mentions burglaries it also mentions robberies . 
  as in `` take property unlawfully from ( a person or place ) by force or threat of force '' . 
  hating jews and hating israel are two different things . 
   he was accused of burgling an apartment just hours earlier . 
   the teenager was known to police and had been questioned a number of times this month in connection with a string of robberies . 
  important thing to note here .
