  `` mandatory brainwashing program gets extended '' human rights , fine , to a point . 
  gender equality , eh . 
  depends on what is meant by it . 
  protection of the environment ? 
  really ? 
  is that something that we should tell people how to do or what they need to do ? 
  i like the idea . 
  maybe the execution is a bit shitty in this case , but the idea in itself is good . 
  people do n't really need a garage in the city anyways , or at least not a second one . 
  converting it makes a lot of sense . 
  if they do n't have enough money , maybe they should leave farther outside the city and drive in every day per train . 
   some of the rents we see are not dirt-cheap -- this is not an affordable price . 
  they 're often not much cheaper than what you might pay for a nice place then they 're free to look for a nice place . 
  that 's what you do when you are n't happy with a price : go to another seller . 
   the landlord has recently been asking for # 50 a month more in rent , which they are unable to pay . 
  `` he threatened to cut off the water and put our belongings on the street . 
  i said , ` i 'm pregnant . ', 
  i told him i 'd call the police , '' she says . 
  this is what really annoys me . 
  if they are n't able to pay rent , the landlord should be able to throw them out , pregnant or not . 
  since when are russia and china so buddy-buddy that they 'd tell each other when they 'd be defenseless on their border ? 
  the uk , france , and germany already control the eu . 
  why not let them control the defense too ? 
  in a lot of civil wars people from neighboring countries participate too . 
  does n't make it less of a civil war . 
  still plenty of ukrainians fighting kiev . 
  is the kiev-side terrorists for bombing a city center ? 
  for burning people alive in a building ? 
  shooting a girl that brought food to separatist troops ? 
  it 's a civil war . 
  normal rules generally get thrown out the window in a civil war . 
  the aid we are sending is just fucking up their economy . 
  we should stop that . 
  investment into more industry , that works . 
  the video is saying helping them in their own country is a good idea , letting them into ours is n't . 
   as long as both fountains are the same quality ( which they historically were n't ) the last part of that sentence is quite vital for my acceptance of it . 
  there was no `` equal '' in the `` separate but equal '' in the jim crow era . 
  as long as it gives the same tax benefits and visitation rights and such , it is . 
  there 's no reason to do it , but i do n't see a reason not to do it either . 
  the `` equal '' part is the important one . 
  if the fountains are the same quality and there 's the same number of them , there 's really no difference . 
  well , except double the cost in creating them . 
  as long as it 's actually equal , no . 
  as long as both fountains are the same quality ( which they historically were n't ) , i would n't really have a problem with that either . 
  civil unions would still be legal though , right ? 
  then it would n't be too bad . 
  does it matter what it 's called ? 
  my favorite crisp flavor is vinegar & salt , but i also like the eu . 
  you might say my opinion is torn , but i 'm still rather fond of you guys . 
  just as long as you do n't destroy the union . 
  oh , also thank you for jamie oliver . 
  my taste and his align very well and his recipes are dead simple . 
  he 's the reason i cook other stuff than traditional austrian food . 
  of course . 
  everyone else should too for that matter . 
  they could be turned back when applying for work or health benefits or registering a place to stay . 
  i was arguing * against * putting them in prison above . 
  i 'm just for showing them the way out right away . 
  cheapest option available . 
  and my answer remains the same : if i have the choice between prison or getting shot , i might choose prison . 
  the whole argument of the pro- `` refugee '' people here is that they 'd die in their home country . 
  if you take that away and say they 're just fine there , why let them in here ? 
  i , no . 
  but i 'm not starving . 
  i 'd have no problem exchanging useless austrians for useful africans for example . 
  for me , someone is n't inherently worth anything just because he 's human . 
  if you do nothing , and have never done anything , you are worthless . 
  and that goes for everyone , european or african . 
  actually , doubly for europeans as they had a lot more chances to become useful . 
   also are you willing to deport / `` send '' austrians who harm `` you '' away ? 
  yes . 
  human rights are a very recent invention , and far from unchangeable . 
  i do n't want people to suffer or die by default . 
  if they cause harm to my family , friends , or me though ... 
  of course i 'd help that person . 
  i 'm not a monster . 
  but i would n't then proceed to host that person in my house and give him my money . 
  if i had to do that , i 'd let him drown instead . 
  they do n't exactly ship over from africa to austria . 
  or germany for that matter . 
  and i think they do n't count `` refugees '' and asylum-seekers as stateless persons , which would make up the majority of them . 
   why would speaking english be an advantage in a non-english speaking country ? 
  because english is the international language . 
  might not be the official language , but you can communicate . 
  switzerland is receiving a very different type of immigrant . 
  the educated kind that can work a job and speaks english at the very least . 
  we are n't sending a lot back because they know we 'd send them back if they told us . 
  they lie to be able to stay . 
  they throw away their documents to be able to stay . 
   and if you send them on a boat , it becomes commission , not natural course . 
  that 's why i 'd prefer just sending them away while they 're still on their original boat . 
  still , i do n't see it as that bad . 
  for example , it 's not our job to save them . 
  it 's not murder , it 's letting things take their natural course if they 'd have died in their home country anyways . 
  but most of them would n't have died . 
  they 'd be poor ( relatively , as the poor in their home country have no money to pay for the passage ) , maybe they would n't have food every day , but they would n't be dead . 
  they just decided they wanted more money , and that 's why they tried coming here . 
  they decided to risk their lives because they wanted more money , not because they 'd have died anyways . 
  hey , the vikings found america that way . 
   1 ) we can not , most of them would die 2 ) we can not , eu law 3 ) we can not , ever since gaddafi left , sending them back through north africa is not possible .
