  the revolutionary french were n't exactly fair to the aristocrats , no matter what they claimed . 
  the reds in russia did n't even pretend to care . 
  when nobody is left to inherit , the state does . 
  works the same way with everyone . 
   what did the french do when they got rid of their king ? 
  the generally accepted method was a very close shave . 
   or the russians and their tsar ? 
  a tragic hunting accident . 
  think dick cheney , but happening to a few men simultaneously . 
  i misinterpreted `` kameraden die rotfront und reaktion erschossen '' , `` comrades that were shot by the reds and the reactionaries '' , as `` comrades , let 's shoot the reds and the reactionaries '' . 
  does n't make sense with the next line , you 're right . 
  they have essentially threatened to start a civil war . 
  that 's not something you can just overlook . 
  their numbers seem to be growing , and i doubt greece 's economy will grow fast enough to prove them wrong any time soon . 
  you 're right though , banning them is n't ideal . 
  just hoping to wait it out probably wo n't work either though . 
  [ your march is my favorite !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42z16urnnd8 ), 
  yep . 
  and they left behind a lot more than politicians usually do , what with not being able to cram everything in a country into a suitcase . 
  monarchs are less likely to run away than politicians . 
  and we would have won without the americans messing things up . 
  if we did , it 'd have been a great choice , invigorating the monarchy and giving loads of money to the country , and land as well . 
   the king is literally worth more than you are , if he is murdered more effort will be put into finding the murderer , he is in some ways above the law , you pay money to the government , he receives money from the government all of that also applies to politicians . 
  except they often come into it as a second career and are n't trained to lead from birth . 
  and if shit happens , they can just move to another country . 
  a monarch wrecks his own worth by destroying his country . 
  same here . 
  the habsburgs always lead us well . 
  [ for the ones that want to hear the song in question ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouq0smqbjqq&amp;bpctr=1402219784 ) . 
  it 's about shooting their opposition . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'd say it 's about time to ban the golden dawn . 
  having your paramilitary march in front of parliament and sing about shooting all those that are against you is n't exactly a subtle threat . 
  most people here will be more curious than hostile . 
  expect to get stared at by a few people if you 're out in the country . 
  in the cities , there 's more non-natives , so less of an attraction there . 
  as long as you try to fit in , it 'll work out everywhere . 
  yes , of course . 
  there is no reason we should not do our utmost to improve the species . 
  thieves have choices too and should be treated as such . 
  you can find work . 
  you can fish . 
  hell , you can even grow crops on public spaces ( guerilla gardening and whatnot ) or set traps for animals . 
  or dumpster-diving , most simple thing of all . 
   oh and as for him he does talk about `` gypsies '' as an ethnicity but he does n't say they should all be shot . 
  could 've learned that from hermann a couple millenia ago . 
  read his comment again . 
  never did he advocate to shoot people based on ethnicity . 
  just on being illegal immigrants . 
  that can be arabs as well as white people from sa or blacks . 
  maybe france instead . 
  or the uk . 
  do n't wan na bring back any unpleasant memories . 
  move some personnel to the eastern nato countries , do appropriate training exercises , make sure a plan of getting more troops and supplies east is in place ... 
  make sure nato countries would be able to be defended should russia decide to suicide charge . 
  of course you have to back up your words with force . 
  you need an army capable of enforcing the words . 
  it 's just better not to use it unless absolutely necessary . 
  and russia annexing part of ukraine does not make german or french or british intervention absolutely necessary . 
  defend nato , help out eu countries , the rest ... well , they are n't really the problem of the rest of europe . 
  agreed with the gas thing though . 
  no , trying to illegally enter a country should get you sent to the dungeon . 
  or back from whence you came . 
  life is n't fair . 
  i clearly said * both * should be punished . 
  the guy that assaulted him for doing so and he for being an illegal immigrant . 
  nice to hear that now only nazis believe that illegal immigrants should be punished . 
  heigelkopf . 
  was still called hitlerberg in google maps a few years ago . 
  wait , [ they were trying ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xpfdesc.png ) ? 
  because that does n't look like hiding their roots to me . 
   `` i did n't go to the police because i lacked legal documentation , '' he said . 
  `` i was afraid i would end up in jail , not them . '' rightfully both should go to prison . 
  deflation means money is worth more . 
  money being worth more means your debt in your currency is worth more . 
  that 's really , really not good in any way for economies that are already struggling with debt . 
  it also disincentives people to buy things or invest since if they just hide the money under their mattress , it 'll grow on its own . 
  we did however have mountains named after hitler . 
   also employers will soon be opened to pay employees for a few months employees give me something . 
  i pay fairly for everything i get . 
   appartment buildings and home exist to house people the ones i built ( well , renovated ) are there to make money for me . 
  that 's why i put money into them . 
   if people like you keep making everyone else homeless i have no interest in making the poor homeless in large numbers . 
  if their conditions get too bad , they get ideas , and i like my head right where it is . 
  what they ca n't expect is giant flats for barely any money . 
  the middle of a city is a very coveted living space with a lot of connections and shops , not really a place for poor people . 
  they can move in by train . 
  what i am for is an upgrade in public transportation and a reduction in ticket costs so they have an easier time of doing that . 
   yeah so tomorrow your landlord is saying you how him 100 $ more every months or you are in the streets because is say so ? 
  that 's what contracts are for . 
  unless you 've signed an extraordinarily bad contract , he can only raise the rent when your current agreement ends or at predetermined intervals . 
   or maybe you are the owner , only love your cold cash and if pregnant mothers are tossed in the streets fuck them it 's their own problem better going back to line your pockets with someone else ? 
  i 'd be open to take it as debt for a few months . 
  but only so long . 
  in the end , i am a businessman . 
  it is not my problem if someone decides to get pregnant and ca n't afford a kid . 
  i have absolutely no sympathy for people that get kids they ca n't afford and i certainly do n't see why i should lose money because they decide to procreate . 
   btw , rising rent on a whim is considered a predatory practice or a scam in most countries and can get you fines or jail time for reccuring/large scale abuse in most eu countries . 
  yes , and rent control and the like is something i absolutely loathe .
