  if we have n't won it back in the next two or three centuries , then yes . 
  i do n't blame them for anything . 
  they left . 
  that means they considered that land no longer theirs or they 'd have fought for it . 
  that means they lost the rights to it . 
  lands that belonged to the german tribes for thousands of years . 
  i am absolutely against the nazis . 
  i actually do n't have anything at all against the jews , or the gays . 
  and i 'm a monarchist , and hitler wanted to kill our emperor . 
  i am sure a tiny minority of a tiny minority threatening people will go very well for said minority . 
  i can guarantee you that if they do anything bigger , the hatred for jews will grow . 
  a lot . 
  all german . 
  all one blood . 
  well , except russia , poland , italy , and france , who simply stole german land . 
  yes . 
  they are the ancestral home of my people . 
  these regions are my home by blood . 
  they are the home of germans even if they have never set foot on europe . 
  it is not . 
  for example , with us : we are germans . 
  as such , austria , ( parts of ) switzerland , germany , parts of russia ; italy ; ; france ; and poland are ours by right . 
  our ancestors lived there , and so that is our home . 
  if it is outlawed in fucking israel , it very well should be outlawed in europe . 
  if the guys that murder hundreds of civilians over a few deaths think you 're too extreme , it might be time to rethink your stance . 
  yeah , except there were hundreds of years between step 2 and three . 
  the land got settled by others in the meantime that now have the rights to it . 
  they lost the right to be there when their ancestors left . 
  they were on the land . 
  then they left . 
  so now jews have no land they could rightfully call theirs to build a state on . 
  i am not saying there * should n't * be peace . 
  it just is n't going to happen . 
  their neighbors will always dislike israel . 
  the jews lost the right to a country when the diaspora began . 
  and because they fucked it up from start to finish . 
  they started with massacres , and they are still murdering civilians 60 years later . 
  not to mention that there 's simply not much land left on earth that does n't already belong to a state . 
  and where israel currently is clearly belongs to palestine and as long as israel exists , there will never be peace in the region . 
  there 's a few hundred metres of nomansland between borders ( at least between some ) . 
  why not put them there ? 
   firebombing a synagogue which was attacked by the nazis during the holocaust honestly , that 's a pretty unnecessary addition just there to excite feelings . 
  there 's pretty much no synagogue in germany that * was n't * attacked by the nazis . 
  i 'm very fond of cider and my favorite cocktail right now is probably the [ gorgeous ] ( http://www.drinksmixer.com/drink4104.html ) . 
  red vermouth is great on its own too . 
  `` gro\u00dfe kinder '' kinda sounds like `` manchildren '' to me . 
  not a positive thing . 
  i am guessing this has a lot more to do with them not having permanent addresses than anything else . 
  and the camps should be demolished . 
  pretty sure they do n't comply with building regulations . 
  also the ground the camps are on often does n't belong to the gypsies to start with . 
  at the bare minimum , we should revert it to the 2011 version . 
  the new one really does n't rhyme half as well and it 's pretty clear that women are included in the old version as well . 
  for those who do n't know , the text went from :  land der berge , land am strome , land der \u00c4cker , land der dome , land der h\u00e4mmer , zukunftsreich !, 
  i 'm for [ reverting it a lot more though . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06643umejzg ) also , we should bring the emperor back . 
   chastity is so important either the turks understand `` laughing '' very differently than others , or i 've been doing it very wrong . 
   no but shouting stuff like `` death to all jews '' , assaulting jews and destroying jewish properties is . 
  that is happening in europe as well . 
  i agree , and it should n't be happening . 
   there are plenty of groups in north africa and the middle east that are being repressed and murdered , but that does n't get protested with same ferocity and hate as this . 
  i 'd argue that they are killed by their own people , not foreign forces . 
  foreign forces that are aided by a significant part of the western world to boot . 
  i 'm sure antisemitism increases it a bit , but that the us and a lot of europe are helping israel also produces a fair amount of outrage . 
   hamas does n't have to fire those rockets you know i am talking long before that . 
  when israel was n't even made a state yet , the now-israelis terrorized the palestinians and massacred whole villages to cow the palestinians . 
   and yes , 28 deaths and 1900 + injured is peanuts over 10 years . 
  against over 1000 deaths in a few days it certainly is . 
  not really . 
  i am all for destroying israel . 
  cut off all trade , embargo them , wait until they give up . 
  then trial every single idf officer and every single idf member that ever set a foot on gaza for war crimes . 
  the rest of them get the choice to live in palestine ( with international oversight to ensure proper treatment ) , and maybe they get a repatriation program to go back to where they came from too . 
  yeah , because it definitely was n't jews that started murdering palestinian civilians before there even was `` israel '' , to prevent the palestinians from forming a strong opposition . 
  calling for the destruction of israel is n't antisemitic . 
  it 's a state built from massacres , that still continues to murder civilians left and right . 
   consider these events since israel began defending itself against a nonstop barrage of hamas rockets targeted at civilians rockets that barely ever actually reached israel , let alone killed civilians . 
  the article is just another `` israel is awesome , the arabs are filthy barbarians trying to destroy civilization '' propaganda piece . 
  i agree that we should n't hate jews however . 
  hate israel instead . 
  not it 's civilians , it 's government , it 's military , it 's police , whatever . 
  do n't put the fault for the atrocities israel has committed and is still committing on the wrong people . 
  a european jew does n't necessarily have anything to do with israel . 
  hell , he could go there any time he wants and live there , but he has chosen to stay here . 
  highly humorous that they did this with a column talking about press freedom . 
  i never said it was wrong . 
  it simply made sure they stayed outsiders . 
  that 's what happens when you are markedly different from everyone else . 
  and if times are shitty , a lot of people blame the outsiders . 
  it 's not wrong , it 's just a bad strategy if you plan on being a part of a society for a long time . 
  i also never said i wanted to expel minorities . 
  at least not if they are n't criminals , but that 's a different topic . 
  the idea to throw out jews because israel does something bad is stupid . 
  block israelis from entering the country , fine . 
  but do n't throw out people that have nothing to do with the country . 
  they still followed their own customs , they still ate kosher , they still bathed in those bathing-houses of theirs , they still did n't follow the popular festivals but their own . 
  they had their own , quite distinct , culture . 
  at least for the most part . 
   it 's not strange that they have been so frequently expelled well , there he 's right . 
  jews are perpetual foreigners .
