  we have a few patrolling the danube , far as i know . 
  my grandfather 's brother was in the ss , but i am not informed of what he did . 
  far as i know , he just supervised the local laborers . 
  as for me , i am not a nazi . 
  if i wanted them dead , i 'd say so . 
  but as long as there is a possibility of them reforming , that 'd be an awful waste of potential . 
  the only chance of them reforming is when they ca n't hide in their own little portable ghettos anymore . 
  and the only chance of breaking them up is cracking down on the crime that they produce . 
  we should be . 
  it 's a stupid idea to place the burden of keeping the borders safe on the poorest countries . 
  of course some people are going to slip through . 
  millions of people broken up over half of europe . 
  it 's doable , especially if the western countries assist the eastern ones . 
  then we are back to how to integrate them . 
  a heavy crackdown . 
  surround their camps with police . 
  try to run away ? 
  obstruction of police work , trying to resist arrest , have fun in prison . 
  the camps are on personal property and they ca n't prove they have been allowed to stay there ? 
  arrest all the adults , kids get taken into state care . 
  the camps are n't up to public health standards or safety standards ? 
  arrest the leader . 
  then demand documentation from every single one . 
  do n't have documents ? 
  you are an illegal immigrant and get stuck in one of those camps for them until their forms have been processed . 
  then search everything . 
  have fun in prison . 
  have drugs ? 
  have fun in prison . 
  your children have n't been in school like they should be ? 
  they get taken into state care . 
  your children look underfed ? 
  they get taken into state care . 
  your children have been caught stealing before ? 
  they get taken into state care . 
  your children have been caught begging before ? 
  they get taken into state care . 
  your children are living in filth ? 
  they get taken into state care . 
  in short , get rid of all the malcontents and try to reform them separately , while forcing them to send their children to school and not use them for stealing/begging . 
  those communities need to be broken up before any integration can happen . 
  they are essentially ghettos on wheels . 
  while deportation to india would be the better solution , it 's not really workable . 
  india would most likely not be willing to take them , and getting them from western europe to india would n't be exactly easy logistically either . 
  in my experience , the first generation tries the hardest to integrate , although , yes , their german is usually not the best . 
  the most rude and aggressive turks i 've seen have been third generation . 
  nothing against the ones that * do * integrate though , they 're cool . 
  thanks . 
  i think the only time i 've heard ukrainians being mentioned was a few years back when they caught a human trafficker from there . 
  maybe some criminal gangs too , but that 's more the domain of countries in the eu . 
  and then there 's some ukrainian prostitutes too , but again , that 's more countries in the eu . 
  tl ; dr : they are n't really viewed as anything beyond `` eastern european '' , generally meaning stealing , and lazy and hardworking at once for some reason . 
  they often only have a ~ ~ strenuous ~ ~ tenuous grasp of the local language , are aggressive , and they harass women . 
   while i can understand that people become frustrated over being unemployed , i ca n't quite understand why this translates into support for the far right . 
  because the far right generally is in the opposition , while the center parties are in the lead . 
  that translates to the center looking incompetent , so the remaining options are far right or far left , and the far left are ... well , they 've gone to shit and are driven by the desires of academics . 
  academics however generally are n't the ones that are unemployed . 
   some form of `` validated '' ethnic resentment been to the turkish part of town lately ? 
   how do you prioritise your identity/loyalty first , i am austrian . 
  then , i am a german . 
  then , i am european . 
   are you an ethno/religous-nationalist ? 
  as it is now , no . 
   is your nation-state what you identify yourself by ? 
  my * empire * is . 
  i am a monarchist . 
   can the eu ever be successful if it is not the primary identity of its inhabitants ? 
  define `` success '' . 
  can it become a single country like the us ? 
  can it be a good economic union and have free travel , etc. ? 
  yes . 
  the problem is growing unemployment and a fairly delicate economic climate . 
  if people do n't have jobs , they conclude that the current parties in the lead are doing stuff wrong , and the right-wing shouts at them , so the right-wing must have the answers . 
  i 'm not so sure that offering free travel to more not exactly wealthy countries is such a good idea . 
  criminals being imported from eastern europe is already a fairly big problem , we do n't need to make it easier for them . 
  free trade might work though . 
  not sure why australia is in there - austria 's country code is aut . 
  the eu is an economic union , not a humanitarian one . 
  is their economy really on a high enough level and stable ? 
  their gdp/capita is really not on the level of the eu . 
  we should n't bring another weak economy into the union , it 's struggling as it is . 
  never look at youtube comments . 
  that way lies madness . 
  it 's sad to see people spit on old traditions like that . 
  although maybe 25 $ do n't quite warrant a fight to the death . 
  to first blood would be reasonable though , at least in my eyes . 
  please , by all means . 
  go away . 
  leave europe alone . 
  we 'd be the better for it . 
  russia is n't our friend , but at least it is n't the us . 
  they do n't bother pretending . 
  plenty of women abuse men . 
  the problem with these gender specific laws is that if men defend themselves or retaliate , they 'll get harsher punishment . 
  i do n't wan na end up like in the us where the man is arrested just on suspicion even if he calls in the domestic violence , and he 's fucked if his gf has even slight marks on here arms where he grabbed them to stop her hitting him . 
   countries ratifying the treaty are obligated to protect and support victims of violence what now ? 
  victims of violence or female victims of violence ? 
  cause there 's a difference . 
  i highly dislike such campaigns that just move to protect a specific gender . 
  fuck , i knew a guy that hanged himself because his wife was abusive .
