  people laughed about her hitting him in public . 
  that 's bs . 
  violence against women is already more taboo than violence against men . 
  making the difference bigger just serves female abusers . 
  israel should not have existed in the first place . 
  it is based on betrayal of promises and murder . 
  israel is not a legitimate country in my eyes . 
  it joining eu is entirely out of the question . 
  i own a few bars and a restaurant . 
  planning to study economics soon . 
  i am a monarchist . 
  a constitutional monarchy with a weak parliament would provide the great benefits and stability a monarchy brings , wise rulers being educated their whole life to rule , while also giving rights to the common man . 
  our emperor was never anything but good for us austrians . 
  i dislike them because they created wwii in the first place . 
  had they not interfered in wwi , we 'd have overrun the french , thereby extinguishing the shame of napoleon , and make our empires a tad bigger , and we 'd have stayed an empire instead of becoming a shitty democracy . 
  it stopped fighting in the first one , which would 've allowed us to crush the french if the americans had n't interfered . 
  and yes , it fought in the second one , but we attacked them first . 
  and they did n't bomb anything of my family , nor nearly kill my grandfather . 
  they did send his brother to siberia though . 
  do n't get me wrong , i dislike russia . 
  i just dislike the us a good deal more , and russia gets bonus points for being anti-us . 
  it would n't have if the us had just left things well enough alone in wwi . 
  yes . 
  without the us , the second one would n't have happened , and we 'd have swept away the french in a few more months . 
  my reasons for saying the us is worse than russia . 
  the us has fucked with our wars twice , they have bombed property of my family , they nearly killed my grandfather . 
  and what if one country does n't pay ? 
  do the rest foot the bill or do they get cut off ? 
  the idea is n't bad , but what to do when the smaller economies ca n't pay their share ? 
  yep . 
  russia every time . 
  anything is better than the us . 
  maybe not north korea , but that 's borderline . 
  it 's not servitude though . 
  they have a choice . 
  if the guy is one thing , it certainly is n't right wing . 
  and he does n't sound violent at all . 
  it 's what is necessary to get jobs . 
  better more jobs with shitty pay than more unemployment . 
  and , as you can see with the giant amount of people applying for a job at ikea , the supply of labor hugely outstrips the demand . 
  you ca n't keep wages artificially high under these conditions . 
  my region is shit . 
  there is * nothing * here . 
  i know some people that are weirdly proud of here , but they 're crazy in my eyes . 
  i 'm not pro-democracy . 
  i 'm a monarchist . 
  liechtenstein has the banking system . 
  we do not . 
  it 's also smaller . 
  you ca n't have 7 million people just live off banking . 
  car-thieves , mainly . 
  car-thieves , and cheap laborers for whatever does n't need too much skill . 
  they 're hard workers though . 
  i 'm guessing wood coal is n't good enough for the purposes of this ? 
  because that is easy to make . 
  yes , i can . 
  we 're too small , without the eu and the free trade among member states , we 'd be completely boned . 
  i like the eu , do n't get me wrong here . 
  i 'm just austrian first . 
  well , shit . 
  man , you know times are tough when even criminals are trying to get a job . 
  mhh , i wonder how much a few of them cost per month . 
  i think having a few ... friends ... could be useful at times . 
  i have been east . 
  they look european , they behave european , but it still does n't quite feel european . 
  it feels slighty ... off . 
  as someone else said , maybe it 's just that they have less money . 
  could be . 
  yes , but they moved as part of austria . 
  they wanted their independence , and they have it . 
  yes . 
  but that was part of austria then , and they are not now . 
  yes , in modernity . 
  but i 'm not thinking about modern times when i think about europe . 
  i think back a few hundred years since that was our last golden times . 
  no , i 'm judging by the last 400 or so years , minus the last few . 
  austria and hungary moved in western european politics , while the east mainly squabbled with russia . 
  and half of africa was in the french empire . 
  does n't make them feel european . 
  austrians are german , maybe mixed with some slavs here and there . 
  but mostly german . 
  not-european , non-asians . 
  your own kinda people . 
  slavs , maybe . 
   romania half/half . 
   bulgaria european . 
   baltics no . 
  i 'm saying it does n't * feel * european . 
  geographically , and with that logically , it is . 
  i really do n't get how you got `` nazi '' from my comment . 
  for me what feels like europe is defined by what i read about in history books , all those wars and such . 
  and that 's mostly squabbling between western european realms . 
  i am not for excluding ukraine from the eu . 
  as i said , geographically it 's european and that 's enough for inclusion in the eu . 
  well , that and a stable economy that i do n't think they have right now . 
  they 're still too far east for me to feel like they 're really european . 
  the ex-french part of africa is n't european either for example . 
  for me , anything east of hungary does n't really feel european , excluding greece . 
  serbia and albania do n't feel particularly european to me either . 
  geographically speaking , it 's more european than russia is , and russia is still counted as european , so yeah , it is .
