  and it 's the fault of the immigration policy for letting them in . 
  the idea is that everything is god 's money , since everything comes from god . 
  although yeah , he 's an idiot . 
  if he does n't like unbelievers , why does n't he live in iraq himself ? 
  yeah , then the texture will always be bad . 
  semmelkn\u00f6del and erdapfelkn\u00f6del always have to be pulled apart , never cut . 
  [ here 's how you make it . 
  ] ( http://www.donalskehan.com/2010/03/colcannon/ ) dead easy and really delicious . 
  also , thanks ireland for giving me the combination of mashed potato and spring onion . 
  did you eat them correctly ? 
  you have to pull it apart , never cut it . 
  oh , believe me if we had somewhere to send the native criminals , i 'd be all for doing it . 
  it takes longer than a generation to really assimilate though . 
  as someone else said , many of these youths do n't quite know where they belong , so if they sre criminals we should clearly show them that is not here . 
  how is it oppression if they just get sent back to where they came from if they are criminals ? 
  my trust in the police is fairly big . 
  and even if , how many would be deported because of fake evidence and how much crime would be prevented ? 
  you ca n't not implement a system because of very few abuses that are theoretically possible . 
  they ruled the north-african coast . 
  the opinions on who is a pirate vary by country , generally . 
  and the barbary pirates fought for the ottomans and were part of their domain . 
  only if he actually gets sentenced , which the judge will not do without evidence . 
  also that whole `` your children are taken into slavery '' thing . 
  agreed . 
  we do n't need to import another country 's criminals . 
  nobody is forcing anyone to assimilate . 
  they chose to immigrate . 
  if they do n't want to assimilate , they can turn around . 
  yeah , and [ christian boys were taken from their parents and stuck into the military . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janissaries ) and they had to pay an extra tax . 
  i might actually do that . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  there 's different types ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  it 's illegal and it gets prosecuted . 
  you 'll never be able to get rid of people wanting to make a profit at any cost , you can just do your best to prosecute them . 
  i would n't say we are dropping to their level unless we start murdering all muslims , but yeah , agreed in principle . 
  if we hate all muslims , they 'll hate us in return . 
  we need to make them want to report any extremist activity in their communities , not become extremists . 
  to be fair though , the british did n't acquire curry with immigration . 
  the barbary pirates raided the mediterranean shores for slaves , they raided them so hard that basically nobody was left . 
  then they moved up the coast until they reached iceland . 
  * until the 19th century . 
  * muslims had slaves for longer than europe . 
  i 'm with you on the `` better background checks '' , definitely . 
  maybe mingle some investigators into asylum-camps and have them cosy up to suspicious people . 
  i 'm also for the `` no prayers over loudspeakers '' though . 
  it 's an expression of a foreign religion , it 's gon na make some people uncomfortable . 
  nothing against them being here , but i think we should try to keep them less visible to preserve the feeling of our cities . 
  also , no minarets in vienna , what with the history of that city . 
  it 's disrespectful to our ancestors that have fought against the turks so often . 
  i 'm using public transit because driving a car in vienna is insanity , even without thinking about parking space , driving there is confusing because the streets are so wide and there 's regular traffic jams . 
  trains to vienna go every 15-30 minutes or so ( depending on where you are , the bigger train station the more trains stop ) , then i go a few metres to get into a subway ( every 5 minutes ) and then i 'm right where i are . 
  so far , i 've been able to get everywhere i wanted to go in vienna with the subway , but for some stuff in the outer parts you have to use trams or even buses . 
  no clue about how often they drive . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  does n't cost * that * much either , as long as you get timed tickets instead of distance tickets . 
  ~ ~ looks more like seeds to me . ~ ~ edit : tea . 
  looks like tea . 
   because they are inconvenienced slightly and those damn poors feeling entitled ? 
  that 's usually what happens when the gentrification argument starts , yes . 
  it 's people complaining about rising rent prices most of the time . 
   actually no , some of them owned those houses for generations so government just stole the land ? 
  that changes things . 
  they 're still leftists and highly dangerous , but they are in the right in that instance , and only for the people that actually owned the land . 
  does he seriously think the us would just let their whole system of allies collapse as they demonstrate that they wo n't fight for them ? 
  fuck no . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  and if he uses nukes , russia will end up a nuclear wasteland . 
  he 's either bluffing or completely bonkers . 
  i 'm not even saying these people have to become millionaires , let alone billionaires . 
  a decent income would be enough . 
  they should 've seen the signs coming a long time ago and make an effort to improve theirs so they 'd have the money to get new homes there if they did n't want to move . 
  and since they were so easily thrown out , i 'd assume they were just renting , in which case they have no rights to that land to start with . 
   just be a billionaire , seriously . 
  i plan on being one when i die . 
  i already am a millionaire , if i play my cards right , i can become one . 
  i 'm not saying poor people should be swept out of the country , just that they should move a few kilometers . 
  i really think the heart of a city , right at a financial centers , is no place for poor people . 
  they need to move . 
  that 's progress . 
   it 's also implying that everyone can get a promotion ; which statistically they ca n't . 
  enough people do n't care about their jobs that if you apply yourself and work hard , you can get a promotion . 
  work more , work towards a promotion , whatever . 
  another proof that the left is always dangerous and we need to keep an eye on them . 
  nothing against fighting back against gangs or even the police if necessary . 
  * but * if they just ca n't afford to live there anymore , that is not a necessity . 
  they just need to make more money . 
  these people are nothing but entitled terrorists . 
  well , he certainly deserves it . 
  in europe , university generally does n't cost much for natives . 
  * maybe * a few hundreds a semester . 
  and since we 're in a european sub ... 
   people have died because they have n't had treatment in time they have no papers , meaning they pay no taxes , and they 're still complaining about not getting free healthcare ? 
  the fuck ? 
  that being said , yes , they should get some help . 
  a place in an asylum-seeker centre , along with courses in the local language and maybe even some for basic education , should be provided in an eu-wide system that shares the burden . 
  then they can be processed and their claims investigated without having them running free with no job prospects or money and try to smuggle themselves to wherever they think they 'll get the most money . 
  i 'm literally paying 18 $ a semester . 
  not exactly a fortune .
