  no rational reason to not use the same utensils for pork and non-pork meals for example . 
  because vegetarian food , normally prepared , still would n't be halal . 
  you 'd have to take extra steps for that . 
  in the supermarket near me , pork is definitely cheaper or at least the same as chicken , unless you buy whole chickens . 
  how is offering a specially prepared option for members of a certain religion secular ? 
  keep in mind that it 's not just `` no pork '' but also `` not touch anything that pork touched '' and plenty of other rules . 
  chances are pork is the cheapest meat they can get . 
  at least it 's like that here . 
  night mode leaves the box black , making it black writing on a nearly black background when making a top-tier comment . 
  money . 
  more options means more prep time and maybe even personnel , larger kitchens , and significantly more waste . 
  considering a lot of them * come * from turkey , it 's more like you treating us as your garbage dump . 
  of course it does n't , some people are just genuinely misinformed about them . 
  doubt stalin was one of those though . 
  they 're monarchists , so i 'd vote for them . 
  i 'm actually not sure if they were on the last ones , i did n't know about them . 
  not many people do . 
  arguing with morality is generally less effective than arguing with self - interest . 
  morality is , after all , highly subjective . 
  and that 's why you do n't stab opposing politicians , dickhead . 
  that just gets their side sympathy points and wins elections . 
  not to mention that the current office holder could postpone elections indefinitely through a series of `` tragic accidents '' . 
  patrol the mediterranean with a combined eu force , send the boats back or to libya . 
  [ yep ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789 ) . 
  his deathcount stands at over 3 holocausts , at the low estimates . 
  because he is literally a worse mass-murderer than hitler ? 
  plus a communist . 
  well , it had much higher standards of living for those with money ( not counting technological progress , that is ) . 
  seriously they essentially had two economic systems at the time . 
  in my opinion , a good society should be antique in thought and modern in technology . 
  the values of our ancestors gave them great strength . 
  today 's just make us weak and meek . 
  so yeah , i 'd say europe is modern . 
  modernity is n't just defined by culture . 
  how would you define `` modern '' culture ? 
  just by its difference from the past ? 
  the only way you can really define progress and modernity is technology . 
  a computer from today is clearly better than a computer from 1990 . 
  the same does n't necessarily go for a society . 
  we * did * pay for wwii . 
  a lot of our territory was taken , a lot of industry got stolen , etc. 
  hell , israel 's subs get paid partly by germany to this day . 
  and that country did n't even exist back then . 
  eh , it 's gon na be fine . 
  just let him have ukraine and he 'll be happy / s, 
  i wonder how that statistic would look without eu and other western immigrants ... 
  the myth of the well-educated refugees has already been debunked often enough . 
  they have a significant amount of people that ca n't even read . 
  i kinda like rapesan . 
  it does n't take much like parmesan , but still , giant amounts of pre-grated `` parmesan '' is awesome . 
  the spartans did it kinda like that and it made them very strong , with them placing love of their country before love for their family or themselves . 
  a thing that should be strongly encouraged . 
   public ownership of natural resources ( norway is an excellent example )  discourage the consumption of meat and lard . 
  i get the rest , but why these ? 
  public ownership discourages intelligent and capable individuals developing new business concepts and in the end not only helping themselves but their country . 
  meat is good for you . 
  makes you smarter and stronger . 
  why should we handicap ourselves like that ? 
  we should adopt all the crownlands . 
  good times back when we were together . 
  plus their split was illegal anyway . 
  the emperor did not have the power to decide to destroy the empire on his own . 
  ca n't agree more . 
  [ gott erhalte ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06643umejzg ) , etc. 
  although lately i 've been thinking about the example of the roman republic . 
  it endured quite a bit too , and it was n't as weak as democracies usually tend to be . 
  still trying to find out what made the difference . 
   why do we deserve it to live in paradise germany while the rest of the world does not ? 
  because our ancestors built it up , while theirs built up the rest of the world . 
  or tore it down , depending on which country we 're talking about . 
   i assume your worries are not rational since there are no rational reasons to worry . 
  even assuming their crime rate is the same as the natives ' , that still means a lot of hurt people . 
  why should we not worry about our people getting hurt by others ? 
   a worst case scenario where we have rioting over the winter it 's pretty hilarious they consider this a worst case scenario . 
  it 's a given . 
  their only choices are if it 's going to be rioting by the natives over the state taking over unused buildings to house migrants in , or migrants over living in tents . 
  i 'd be all for it . 
  veterans help every force and we need to be ready should russia try anything . 
  the eu battlegroups would be a good fit though . 
  a first step to a unified eu army too . 
  hardly the only alternative . 
  australian solution with a big camp in libya is very possible and is what should be done . 
  it 's not like they 're going to say no . 
  about 3-5 billion or thereabouts . 
  at least most of the population of africa has good reason to get out , and plenty of asia is n't too pretty either . 
  * once * . 
  now we roll crying on the floor when some unarmed people turn up at our borders and just let them pass . 
  it 's goddamn pathetic . 
  libya . 
  i 'm sure a few weapons deliveries at discount prices would secure us landing permissions there . 
   this wave was coming no matter what nonsense . 
  the european navies are plenty strong enough to patrol the mediterranean and turn back boats . 
  it 's just that nobody has ever tried because of racism allegations . 
   it 's too late now let 's fucking well hope not . 
  we really ca n't afford a civil war . 
  that 's kind of my point . 
  there is no room for non-calculated moves when the fate of civilization is what is to be decided by them . 
  it 's a bit weird to first complain about their treatment of workers , and then them stopping to treat workers that way . 
  or any way at all . 
  good to hear .
