  the anti-racists are screaming over nothing . 
  he was n't beaten for being roma , he was beaten for being a burglar and a robber . 
  if you threaten people and steal their stuff , you got ta expect retribution . 
  is it good to beat him near death for it ? 
  but this is what happens if the police is too slow and people get frustrated . 
  just because people try to avoid taxes does n't mean they 'll trade slaves to do it . 
  avoiding taxes is a somewhat lesser offence than people trafficking . 
   their work does n't actually produce anything of real value entertainment does n't count as value ? 
  in that case , all actors or directors , writers , musicians , etc. 
  do n't produce anything of value either . 
   also , would you marry an ex-prostitute ? 
  yes , actually . 
  i do n't have a problem with sex work . 
  and , as a businessman , i do n't see a problem with hiring them either . 
  hey , they decided to work as a prostitute instead of just collecting benefits . 
  that shows some good work ethic in my opinion . 
  you 've had 14 posts in srs as of a few months ago . 
  there 's a bot that gathers everyone that posted there over the last few months and i tagged them . 
   never heard of human trafficking and the state of women in the industry of illegal prostitution , have we ? 
  it 's very rare in the first world . 
  admittedly , less rare in your part of the world . 
   is that so necessary now sex is on the same level of need as other amusement . 
  you wo n't die without it , but neither will you remain particularly sane . 
  besides , it 's convenient at times . 
  for example , an acquaintance of mine is a businessman and constantly travelling . 
  he does n't have much time to seduce a woman . 
   russians do n't arrest the solicitors well , okay . 
  that 's retarded . 
   would you use a prostitute if you knew you may get arrested for it ? 
  no , i 'd go into a country where i can do so . 
  probably east , where it is easier to bribe the police and the prostitutes are far more likely to be forced into it . 
  yes , as should be their right . 
  everyone should be free to do with their body what they want . 
  people should be free to do what they want with their body . 
  inhibiting that is worse than having a spot of trouble prosecuting the occasional trafficking ring because it sets a precedent . 
  besides , even if you ca n't arrest people , you can still always help the trafficked ones . 
  and fully legal prostitution also enables the buyers to report prostitutes they think might have been trafficked and the state can check on them . 
  buying being illegal makes that impossible . 
  it being fully illegal means that both buyers and prostitutes are punished . 
  just punishing the buyers is what 's hypocritical . 
   immigrants should operate under a one strike and you 're out . 
  if they 're not here to contribute positively they should be here at all . 
  `` i do n't like importing criminals '' yeah , how racist he is . 
  the northeast and the balkan does n't like it , everything west of poland and turkey likes it , the scandinavians are hypocrites . 
  in my analogy , i was more the guy doing the forcing . 
  as in , the pimp . 
  because at least it is n't hypocritical . 
   simply put , i do n't think it in any way supported principles of human dignity , nor do i think these women would have been there if they had another choice they have a choice . 
  they can work literally any other unskilled job , but decided they 'd rather have more money for less work . 
   all of which had dead , impassive eyes the same thing goes for most people stuck in low-end jobs . 
  they are the worst because they 're hypocrites about it . 
  the russians say they do n't like prostitution and ban it . 
  the swedes say they do n't like prostitution and kinda sorta allow it . 
   you must be a guy man , from zero to sexist in 9 words . 
  that 's quick , even for an srs poster . 
   have not many other choices they can literally work in any unskilled field . 
  that 's not `` no choice '' . 
  and i can force people to work on my farm . 
  does that mean i should be closed down ? 
  sure , but that should n't mean it should be illegal . 
  otherwise we can start banning garbagemen and janitors too while we are at it . 
  important thing to note : pimping is illegal here and a prostitute ca n't be an employee , sadly enough . 
  those allegations were entirely baseless . 
  do you really think the head of such a house would steal 50000 $ ? 
  might as well accuse obama of stealing 5 $ from his secretary . 
  the most you can accuse him of is trusting his employees too much . 
  and he paid the money back , even though he did n't take it in the first place . 
  they * all * were austrians and hopefully will be again . 
  i prefer the term foreign benefactors . 
  they were n't exactly doing it for no reason . 
  you rebelled . 
  there is only one answer to rebellion , and it is not a discussion with tea and biscuits . 
   how do you see that empire ? 
  as the height of culture and civilization , second only to rome itself . 
  different nations united under the just and wise ( at least mostly ) leadership of the habsburgs . 
  they made us rich and powerful , mighty on an international scale . 
  they made us rule europe for centuries . 
  and i am sure sooner or later my fellow countrymen will see reason and we will return to be ruled by the habsburgs again . 
  and then our temporarily non-territories will fall in as well , after they see how much their rule benefits us . 
  is / r/dwarffortress leaking into rl ? 
  i tend to agree with you , if , and only if , the baby does n't disturb the discussion . 
  i 've never seen a baby be silent and orderly for longer than a few minutes at a time . 
  it benefited more or less the upper middle class . 
  small barons were n't exactly rich and powerful compared to other nobles . 
  monarchs are trained from birth to rule , which is clearly superior to our second-career politicians . 
  their fortunes are directly bound to their country . 
  a well-run country makes them money and brings them fortune , and it continues to do so for their family for centuries to come . 
  politicians on the other hand , are out after a few years . 
  it is in their own best interest to take as much money as they can while they are in power . 
   also , are there modern countries that you consider to be `` effective monarchies '' bhutan would be a good example . 
   do n't bother mentioning the uk or other european monarchies i would n't . 
  they have taken a disgusting amount of power from their monarchs and gave it to people that are n't trained for it . 
   i do n't see how you can blame france for other people `` getting ideas '' well , they did n't get them on their own . 
  your grande arm\u00e9e marched around and spread it . 
   blame your own people , they were responsible adults taking their own decisions . 
  oh , i do . 
   how so ? 
  people got ideas and as a result we now have dysfunctional democracies instead of effective monarchies . 
  your revolution has hurt all of europe . 
  thanks to you , we do not have our emperor anymore .
