  with the slight exception that these people do n't live on their ancestral lands . 
  they 're living on ours . 
  hey , maybe they just meant they 'd rather have you in their bed than a house over . 
   so what would be stopping them from just speaking german for the hour a immigration worker is around people are creatures of habit . 
  there 's a fair chance they 'd slip up sooner or later . 
  and if not , at least they 'd need to know enough german to fake it , which is a good start . 
   even thinking about trying to enforce this makes me shudder they should have regular social worker visits anyway , to solve any assimilation problems that may arise and explain our culture and stuff to them . 
  enforcement would n't need to be that strict to ensure at least an improvement . 
  i 'm really tired of those wwii comments . 
  it was one little slip-up in a thousand year long history of pride and strength . 
  and suddenly , i 'm a lot less sure that a united eu is such a good idea . 
  maybe the uk * should * leave . 
  awesome . 
  only way to teach immigrants to speak good german is to force them to speak as much of it as possible . 
  i 'd be for banning them speaking with their children in their own language at home too . 
  i 've seen way too many immigrant children completely fail in school because they barely spoke german and could n't read it at all . 
  assimilation is needed . 
   can they do that ? 
  as my old principal used to say , while you 're in school you do n't have rights , you have rules . 
   does n't that violate basic human rights !? 
  they want something from us , so i 'd say it 's only just that we can demand something from them in return . 
  and that demand is assimilation . 
  austria is a german country , we speak german here , they want to be austrian , so now they speak german too . 
   a pale man with a small moustache stepped off the train wait ... did that guy have a hitler moustache ? 
   they are n't coming back let 's just wait and see for that one , yeah ? 
   those same arguments could be applied to almost any market not really . 
  yeah , electricity , phone , water , and gas are similar , but most of the rest really is n't . 
  because the internet is a great free speech platform . 
  because the internet is the driving motor of innovation . 
  because its an entirely new sort of market . 
  plus because the free market does n't really work for the internet because of the massive investments required to get any new isp off the ground . 
  we are n't talking a couple 100k for a small factory here . 
  coming from a borderline libertarian , btw . 
  problem with that is that the service quality very quickly degrades with the extent to which it is n't provided equally . 
  just imagine , for example , digg in its glory days throwing money at isps to block any emerging competitor sites . 
  we 'd be stuck with no innovation and no new sites eventually . 
  the free market , something i 'm usually all for , does n't really exist for isps either because of the enormous , gigantic , massive investment in infrastructure needed to get off the ground . 
  lol . 
  he 's about 100 years late for that , probably a bit over that even . 
  edit : mhhh ... / u/dad2you might have a point with rome too . 
  which would make juncker 1539 years late . 
  that 's slow even for a eurocrat . 
  anyways , nothing that ca n't be recovered with a bit of swift and decisive action . 
  but we all know that 's not the strength of the eu right now . 
  less social spending , less taxes , a focus on ease of creating new businesses and doing business , less non-eu/western immigration , more military spending , more force projection across the world , and europe will see new glory days just ahead . 
  [ leopard 3 ] ( http://www.autobild.de/artikel/mbt-technologietraeger-neuer-panzer-4203368.html ) is already a thing . 
  it detects bats and do n't afraid of anything . 
  everything else is a simple question of money . 
  and i 'm all for a large nuke stockpile in german hands . 
  we saw what happened to ukraine , we do n't need another k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  ca n't trust anyone else to protect you . 
  if you want to , you can read up on some crime cases in those areas and how they 're `` snitches get stitches '' zones . 
  it has nothing to do with that , it 's simply `` crime ? 
  i did n't see any crime , officer '' . 
   what if italy were the most stable country in europe how does it make a country more stable to enable a winning party to essentially do whatever they want ? 
  everyone is * always * obligated to assist the police to the best of his ability , and normal citizens do exactly that . 
  who 's saying extra hard ? 
  i 'm talking getting average grades , not all a + + s. 
  normal polite , not extra . 
  til rioting does n't magically make your neighbourhood a better place or stop you having a reputation for being criminals . 
  also til police should ignore crime statistics when stopping and frisking . 
  maybe if they stopped breaking in , they 'd have more services in their neighbourhood . 
  maybe if they put more of an emphasis on getting their kids educated they would n't all be poor . 
  maybe if they worked together with police to get the criminals there arrested they would n't have a reputation of being criminals . 
  the state is n't responsible for everything . 
  it is on them to improve their community . 
  it is * always * time to rearm germany . 
  a strong army guarantees a free people . 
  ... and this was the very moment i gave up on sweden . 
  we should work on a way to ferry the whole country a bit into the atlantic . 
  maybe cartoonishly oversized saws would do the job . 
  you can take any length bladed weapons wherever you want here , as long as you 're an adult . 
  sigh . 
  why the hell did germany have to make a statement about this at all ? 
  not their problem if netanyahu has a rather strange view of history . 
  it 's time go get past wwii . 
  part of that is not constantly flagellating ourselves about it , even when the topic does n't have anything to do with us . 
  has there been any proof that they actually abused anyone ? 
   a suspected far-right sympathiser was suspended after he was discovered working at the town 's main migrant hostel because unless there 's proof that this guy did anything against the migrants , that 's banning people from jobs for their political beliefs . 
  greece does n't neighbor any country at war . 
  therefore there are no `` actual '' refugees there , since they have to go through a safe country first to get there . 
   eu law means that greece has to save them nope , not as long as they do n't touch greek soil . 
  as long as they 're just in the ocean , they can be towed back and the boats destroyed . 
  these people should not get new tents , let alone anything better . 
  they wo n't get that destroying what has been given to them out of generosity is n't an acceptable form of protest unless they are n't given anything more and they have to get by with what they damaged . 
   got scared and ran when police came , so they did n't pay it really shows that something shitty happened when you ca n't even bend the facts so it sounds good . 
  people who run away at the mere sight of police generally are n't of the law-abiding kind . 
  then send the next group on , this group can sleep in the open . 
  you do n't need a majority to win a country , you can also use violence , assuming the majority is n't ready to fight together . 
  that 's a worry of mine too . 
  sure , most of them are n't violent now , but if they were to become violent , a victory would get more likely as the demographics shift . 
  of course it is coming back . 
  because literally everyone else either ignores the immigration and asylum topics , which are very important to a lot of people , or outright calls everyone against them nazis . 
  and in the end , if you get called a nazi anyways , why not work with them ? 
  i 'm so christian , i 'm a pagan . 
  then let 's build a wall around the eu , patrol the sea , send everything comes our way back . 
  so instead of encouraging native births , or investing in robotics , we import foreigners with foreign value systems ? 
   sharia law can only be considered if one day there is a muslim majority in denmark that 's so ... comforting / s. 
  oh come on , you do n't need to be a gypsy to be suspect if your child looks nothing like either parent . 
  it can , but it adds unnecessary steps in between , favoring that particular religion .
