  they do n't see themselves as part of our society and as a result , their kids wo n't either . 
  but the parents that moved here have seen their standard of living increase , while the kids just hear about the good stuff about their old country and since they do n't learn the language properly , they 'll never be able to get a good job , so they feel stuck and fucked over by a foreign society . 
  your immigrants might get stuck too , but they feel themselves as part of society and so do n't feel fucked over by foreigners . 
  that 's why i am for a greater emphasis on building a national identity in school , even after i 've calmed down a bit . 
  they need to feel as part of our society . 
  helping the parents with that is harder , but with kids it 's easy enough . 
  if proven beforehand , yes . 
  confessions under torture are quite useless . 
  i think human rights should belong to humans . 
  they are in the same group . 
  i feel quite comfortable with collective punishment when it comes to groups that are universally terrible . 
  no , justice is that if they assisted in burying 1000 people alive , they should be dead . 
  a bullet to the head is a start , burying them alive would be better . 
  burying them alive , reanimating them , and burying them alive 1000 times would be ideal , but is somewhat impractical . 
  i was more thinking `` hello fellow disgruntled muslim . 
  why do you not come to a meeting of a group of our people so we can discuss how disgruntled we are and maybe blow up a building or two '' than `` actual family '' . 
  america also assimilates immigrants to a point . 
  american immigrants will see themselves as americans very shortly after being there , instead of as `` x in america '' . 
  i prefer the `` gott erhalte '' . 
   germany invited all these gastarbeiter to work and their children do n't . 
  that 's why we are having trouble with the second generation . 
  the first comes here to improve their life , does , the second refuses to learn german , lives in those shitty ghettos where they do n't have to speak it , then they just fuck around all day in school , then ca n't get a good job . 
  and i have talked to them . 
  back when i was in school , a guy failed first grade twice because he could n't speak german . 
  then , in highschool , female friends of mine got harassed by turks of the hauptschule moving by . 
  one single turk managed to make it into the gymnasium here . 
  one . 
  out of over a thousand students . 
  and no , there was a fairly sizeable turkish ghetto in that city and a lot of the hauptschule guys were turkish . 
  why ? 
  because they did n't apply themselves in school and refused to learn proper german . 
  then they ca n't get out of their tiny apartments in their ghetto and start complaining about their life , despite it being their choices the whole way . 
  there are some business-people there that are doing fine . 
  they worked hard , applied themselves , and are happy . 
  life works for them here , and they are good citizens . 
  you 're german , i 'd say . 
   and which strong culture is this ? 
  germany did n't even exist until bismark made it so a german culture existed beforehand , with some regional differences , yes , but bound together by a shared language , emperor , and traditions . 
   how about focusing on education and working to end marginalization of minority populations ? 
  i am actually not entirely against this , but how do you overcome them not wanting to learn ? 
  they do n't want to learn proper german , they skip school . 
  their parents do n't give a shit . 
  you ca n't force them to learn . 
  and if they do n't apply in school , they wo n't get a good job , and that 's when they 'll start complaining about how the man is keeping them down . 
  and for the same reason this would just delay them getting into the population again and being able to carry out terrorist acts . 
  and how do you prove that they are with isis ? 
  they are n't exactly going to share membership lists . 
  then two or three doctors can independently certify that and they could get a pass . 
  the problem with that is that `` justice '' here is seen as a few years in jail instead of a bullet in the head . 
  then how exactly are we going to scan for muslim extremists ? 
  it 's easy enough with immigrants , simply having some undercover police guys in the asylum shelters , but what to do with the extremist second generation of them ? 
  we ca n't have police in every mosque , what else is there ? 
   so you want us to have some kind of pledge of allegiance like the americans ? 
  everyone already has a national hymn . 
  i just want a greater reminder of who we are as a nation . 
   and why should n't i or anyone else have ties to other countries ? 
  if those countries are open too , it 's not that much of a problem ( as long as you do n't work in places important to national security ) . 
  if those countries have a fair amount of religious extremists , less so . 
   why not show some empathy instead of othering normal citizens because the extremists have been using this against us . 
  i see two options to ensure we do n't get domestic terrorists : 1 . 
  every nation has a culture that gets strongly promoted there . 
  we just say `` we are open ... except to muslims , because some of those guys are dicks '' . 
  option 1 sounds better to me , personally . 
  i 'd agree with you , but the problem is that muslim extremists have been using the openness of europe to gain supporters for their cause . 
  so from where i 'm standing , either we stop it in general , or we say `` we are open to everyone ... except muslims because some of you guys have seriously fucked us over when we were '' . 
  i pick option number one because option number 2 does n't end well , we 've already tried that a while ago . 
  please explain how being against mass-murdering terrorists is n't a black and white issue . 
  i said * a * european culture . 
  as in `` british/french/german / italian/etc . , etc. 
  culture '' . 
   do the russians ? 
   and how would you go about that ? 
  a greater emphasis on binding people to the fatherland . 
  songs that are sung together , parades , events with a connection to their country . 
  history lessons with emphasis about what great things people of your country have done . 
  singing the national hymn every day before school starts . 
  that kinda thing . 
   do you just want them to pretend they do n't have ties to other countries ? 
  i want their children to not have ties to other countries . 
   we need people who have connections in china and india , people who speak arabic and russian yes , and all this can be done by people that are culturally european . 
   who are you to say what is superior ? 
  i 'm not saying anything is superior . 
  i 'm saying everything has it 's place . 
  and if they want their russian culture , then their place is in russia . 
  and if they want their arabic culture , their place is in arabia . 
  if they were part of a european culture instead of a half/half , they would n't feel alienated . 
  we need to set our goal as assimilating immigrants fully . 
  they should n't be distinguishable from a native with a tanning bed . 
  i am actually extremely rarely on 4chan . 
  like ... once in two months or so . 
  never liked it much . 
  the problem is that if they go free , they can kill hundreds of innocents , or , worse , start a terror cell right here in europe and breed 10 of their kind . 
   how about trying to engage disaffected communities to stop the root of the problem ? 
  that 's kind of his point , is n't it ? 
  they 're terrorists because they want their caliphate . 
  they would n't want a caliphate if they had embraced the culture of their home country . 
  we need to start seeing non-assimilated immigrants as failure of the state , not as standard practice . 
  countries have been built on having a single culture . 
  multiple cultures just lead to divisions . 
  they only have to do that once a lifetime .
