  and while they are learning , they 'll need food as well . 
  and they sure as hell do n't have the money to pay for either , so that burden lands on the country they 're staying in . 
   oh well please excuse them , i 'm sure they will gladly go back to syria to be shot or blown up or back the disease and crime ridden refugee camps so they do n't present an undue burden to the people of europe . 
  you 'd have a point if there was a european country with a border to syria . 
  they can stay in turkey or other bordering countries where they wo n't get blown up however . 
  bettering your economic status is n't a valid reason to call yourself a refugee . 
  i really could n't give a shit about their skin color . 
  what matters is they do n't speak the local language and do n't have any applicable skills . 
  they are a burden to the economy . 
  nearest i could find is [ this ] ( http://www.viennareview.net/news/special-report/nato-passe ) . 
  the part about a regular review of the nato-outlook especially . 
  it 's been years since this happened . 
  oh , our politicians wanted to . 
  it 's just in our constitution that we ca n't . 
  we should start a petition to get him transferred . 
   not doing enough to counter criticism of the prophet mohammed something tells me their definition of `` human rights '' somewhat differs from ours . 
   inequality in riches saudia arabia is the right one to talk there . 
  you really think they 'll do it if you tell them `` please turn around , you ca n't stay here '' ? 
   the government quickly beefed up border patrols as part of a `` pushback '' policy designed to keep the refugees in turkey good . 
  if they are in turkey , they are not in danger anymore , and therefore not refugees . 
  just illegal immigrants . 
  throw 'em out , with all force necessary . 
  they have no right to stay here . 
  the beatings might be a bit much , but i highly doubt the `` refugees '' just turned around when they were asked really nicely . 
  we are neutral . 
  we ca n't be . 
  schr\u00f6der is n't in politics anymore , is he ? 
  if so , this was just a private person having a party with his friends . 
  he has nothing to do with foreign policy . 
  they are n't employed for this task , just the workers the towns have . 
  and they are too busy with other stuff to do this , and there is n't enough money to hire more . 
  i think the unemployed ( that receive benefits ) should be required to be available for community service in general . 
  i do n't know how it is in the uk , but here in austria we have a lot of these plant-islands in the streets and local principalities do n't have the money for good upkeep . 
  having the unemployed working there would have our villages and cities look much nicer . 
  besides , they 'd still be working for their money . 
  good to keep them accustomed to that . 
   prostitution constituted violence against women oh , ffs . 
  this is laughable . 
  women should be free to make the decisions they want to . 
  if that includes selling their body , then so be it . 
  it 's their body . 
  there is no violence there . 
  at all . 
  maybe necessity , but any prostitute could also work in retail or flip burgers . 
  they just choose the path that 'll make them significantly more money . 
  prostitution should be fully legal . 
  that way , if a prostitute is actually forced to work , she could ask a client for help . 
  if visiting prostitutes is illegal ( or visiting a prostitute forced into it without knowledge of this is ) , that just discourages the clients to help in such a case . 
  sure they can be . 
  but they are a small minority , and not native there . 
  they ca n't expect a giant amount of representation on tv . 
  not anytime soon , that 's for sure . 
  i do n't view turkey as europe and am against them joining . 
  yes , istanbul is still on this continent , but their territory in actual europe is rather minuscule overall . 
  in which case the whole thing actually makes perfect sense . 
  that 's like complaining that there 's too many indians in indian tv . 
  i counted flowers and non-fruit-bearing bushes still as ornamental lawns . 
  i 'm in n\u00d6 . 
  mostly lawns . 
  yep . 
  italian . 
  that might just be my love for italian women speaking though . 
  irish after that . 
  good beer . 
  otherwise , basically anything eastern european that is n't hungary is regarded as the same , read : good workers , also criminals . 
  at least here , `` zigeuner '' , which would be gypsy , are the travelling ones . 
  those are the criminals . 
  settled roma are generally ok folk . 
  more like the difference between gang members and black people . 
  that 's because gypsies are largely criminals . 
  note that gypsies is n't the same as roma though . 
  the problem with that is that the roma culture * produces * crime . 
  it teaches that you do n't need to care about the ones outside of it , that you can steal from them , beat them up ...  i also think that most of the people here tend to put all the roma into one box . 
  i make a distinction between gypsies and roma . 
  gypsies are the ones with their `` culture '' and travellers , roma is a race , and there 's plenty of members of it that are part of our society . 
  for example , i know this roma businessman here . 
  good guy , and he hates gypsies more than anybody . 
  genocide again requires death . 
  where exactly do you find `` and then you kill them all '' up there ? 
  as i said , if i wanted them killed i 'd say so . 
  as long as there 's a chance of integrating them , they have the potential of contributing to society and that 'd make killing them a waste of potential . 
  what i described above would only have to be a one-time thing . 
  break up the communities as well as possible , then educate and integrate them as separately as possible . 
  i 'm sure the gypsies and meth-heads would get along fabulously . 
  you 'd barely notice a difference even !, 
  we 'd be rid of them , and it 'd be quicker than integration . 
  pretty sweet solution as long as you are n't a gypsy or an indian . 
   ss were not designated for things like supervising `` the local laborers '' just to clarify , by `` local laborers '' i meant `` the jews/gypsies/pows that have been sent here to work '' . 
  since the concentration camps were under supervision of the ss , it 'd make sense if their inhabitants were too . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm just not sure of the english word . 
  it 's `` auffanglager '' in german . 
  i did n't say we should send them anywhere . 
  if they are stateless , they need to be sent to those illegal-immigrant camps and be educated to be eventually released and be able to integrate into society . 
  except the state has records of me even if i lost everything . 
  they are not citizens if they do not have documentation . 
  then they are stateless . 
   they 're as domestic as anyone else in europe they 're moving around , from town to town , from country to country . 
  they are not domestic . 
   you talk of deportation to india i said that it is n't practical , as nice an idea shoving the problem of dealing with them onto others would be .
