  i 'd definitely vote for the first one if it was in eurovision . 
  really good sound . 
  thanks for that link . 
  it 's mainly boobs . 
  that being said , there should be more of those at eurovision . 
  i 'm still rooting for background strippers on every television program . 
  especially parliamentary debates . 
  they 're fun , and at least they have some drums . 
  i just want some good metal in eurovision instead of constant pop bs . 
  i really hope that does n't happen . 
  i dislike the song , and i dislike the guy singing it . 
  i 'd say russia has the best overall entry . 
  good song , really hot women ( and two of them at that ! ) . 
  iceland has the best song though . 
  we should have more military parades here . 
  they 're always great to watch . 
  always show the power of a country . 
  and they 'd certainly be a better reason to blockade vienna 's streets than some goddamn cyclist parade . 
   unacceptable if we want to function as a society i agree on that one . 
  nobody should visit him . 
  but i do n't think the state should involve itself on what people do on their private property . 
  and i think that should n't be . 
  you should have the right to only have certain people in your bar , or shop , or whatever . 
  for example , the fucking smoking ban we have . 
  why is the government able to tell me that i ca n't let people smoke in my bar when i want ? 
  they should n't . 
  i should be the only one able to make that decision because it is my property . 
  and if some non-smokers do n't like it , i should be able to tell them to go somewhere else then . 
  it 's still his property . 
  the state should not get involved in what goes on on private property , as long as there 's no murders/stealing/etc . 
  as long as it is not state-mandated , yes . 
  would i visit that guy ... probably not , no . 
  but he should be able to have whatever rules he wants on his property . 
  because they 're integrated . 
  hell , they 're were part of the austrian empire . 
  they 're everywhere here . 
   he also attacks austrians with migration background like good integrated yugoslavs too . 
  well , that 's just getting stupid . 
  i 'm not sure about the legal aspect , but i agree with you about the immigrants thing . 
  still ... 
  if you can attract the daily business of the traditional locals with this , chances are you make more money than with the immigrants dropping by now and then ( there are n't * that * many outside of the big cities ) , and tourism is n't necessarily big in a lot of places either . 
  and , as a barowner , it 's not my responsibility to fix our immigration problems . 
  ( note : not the owner of that braunau bar , nor do i have such a policy in my places , i can just see the potential usefulness of them ), 
  i really do n't see a problem with this . 
  his bar , his rules . 
  and if he only wants austrians there , why not ? 
  it makes sense , there 's a certain clientele here , the very traditional people , that 'd like that a lot . 
  and those same people tend to go out more often , sometimes daily ( in my experience ) . 
  they just want something familiar to them , with familiar people , and with familiar language . 
  that `` mode '' line makes a lot more sense now . 
  i always thought it meant fashion . 
  a worrying development . 
  credit cards make people more trackable by both corporations and the government . 
  less shops that take cash means more spying . 
  made public by the court . 
  and you ca n't her her beg , at least i ca n't . 
  just shots , a bit of screaming , her going `` oh my god '' ... 
   mr. dede 's father criticized what he called an american cowboy culture as contributing to his son 's death . 
  no , that was solely the fault of your son being a thief . 
  breaking into people 's home and stealing is n't a game . 
  you have to expect people to react like that , castle doctrine or not . 
  no sympathy for the killed guy from me , at all . 
  note that i 'm not a fan of the open gun laws the us has though . 
  yeah ... giving up your army is n't a `` bit '' of sovereignty . 
  it 's all of it . 
  afterwards we 'd be unable to do anything if the eu decided to take more . 
  russia has a good song and hot women singing it . 
  they have that whole politics thing going on though , so probably wo n't win . 
  they 'd deserve it though . 
  i 'm gon na say iceland . 
  good song , good [ stage show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5zg378dh1c ) , not particularly hated by anyone . 
  honestly , the ukraine situation has at least done some good : people are seeing that civilization is a comfortable illusion . 
  a nice dream , but nothing more . 
  once people want something and have the strength to take it , they do . 
  humans are n't built for fairness . 
  the only possible way any international law could be established would be by giving the court responsible a giant military might . 
  and then you 'd end up with the land that court owns being unaffected by the law . 
  any plan not based on `` might makes right '' is doomed to fail . 
  do n't go to serbia . 
  got it . 
  of course . 
  the habsburgs were always good to their people . 
  yes , i can . 
  and am . 
  we should have won that war . 
  without the us there would have been no wwii , and we would still be a empire . 
  but , yeah , totally no reason to dislike the us . 
  no , i 'm more neutral , not full-on pro-russia . 
  it is n't . 
  i still do n't want to support the us , which supports ukraine . 
  without the us , i 'd be all for ukraine . 
  i 'm sure some others think the same . 
  [ lordi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gah9nrgnhuu ) was pretty great , at least for eurovision . 
  shh , do n't question the propaganda . 
  is n't it . 
  i do n't actually remember the name of the author , just that she was austrian . 
  austria : not the one about a middle-aged somewhat fat woman that goes around sleeping with a lot of people , peeing a lot , and getting a urinary tract infection , all described in a lot of detail . 
  definitely not that one . 
  seriously , do n't . 
  well , of course we 'd start with all of europe .
