  yes , genetics . 
  where your ancestors were 1500-2000 years ago . 
  and of course culture , the culture europeans share . 
  was where you are part of the european culture of the 18th/19th century ? 
  opera ? 
  that kinda stuff . 
   jews have lived in europe longer than germans have the germans are native europeans . 
  we 've lived here before their temple got torn down and israel ceased to exist . 
  the goths are german , and most definitely european . 
  bulgars and magyars have assimilated into european culture ( which , yes , includes christianity ) . 
  jews are not european . 
  they are n't natives of europe , and they 've barely assimilated . 
  i have nothing against jews being here , but european they aint . 
  and i 'm not saying only germans are european . 
  the italians and the greeks , the british , the irish , the spanish are too . 
  post-roman , of course . 
  beforehand we were much , but definitely not muslim either . 
  the turks are not european . 
  they were ( and in as far as they still own constantinople * are * ) foreign invaders . 
  the jews lived here , but they were n't european . 
  this was not their homeland , they did n't have one . 
  edit : note that i have nothing against muslims of course . 
  while i agree with you on the white part , they were n't part of europe . 
  the jews did n't really have a homeland until a few decades ago , the turks , berbers , and arabs are muslim while europe is christian . 
  yes , but only because of the pressure the armed rebellion caused . 
  we did . 
  then rome fell . 
  na was mostly controlled by the ottomans for the longest time afterwards iirc . 
  they always had strong states of their own , and they 'd bind together against infidel conquerors ( see : crusades ) and do n't forget that europe had constant internal wars as well . 
  we did n't have anyone big or strong enough to conquer na that was n't preoccupied with his own wars , and we could n't bind together since our church was n't strong enough , especially post-lutheran heresy . 
  if you define `` easy '' as hundreds of years of rebellions followed by a long , concentrated campaign of terrorism ... well , there you have your answer actually . 
  start blowing up car-bombs and you might get independence too in a hundred years or so . 
  and yet we still keep taking them in . 
  if we started sending at least the ones back that are n't adults , since they have no way to care for themselves , it 'd be a start to stop that flow of `` refugees '' . 
   why is europe white , and africa black because we are native here , and they are native there . 
   when they are next door neighbors next door neighbors separated by the sea ( apart from a few land borders ) . 
  different cultures , different religions ... hell , we were at war or uneasy peace with african countries for most of our history . 
  african countries raided and kidnapped millions of christian slaves ( look up barbary pirates ) . 
  not to mention that northern africa is still white . 
  sub-saharan africa , where the blacks are , is far , far away from europe . 
   why are n't there any african people in renaissance paintings ? 
  because there were n't many of them around . 
  black servants were fashionable for a while , but only really rich nobles had them because that 's a long way to transport someone . 
   when did they begin migrating to europe ? 
  some during colonial times , but most came very recently . 
  less income in poorer states means that even if all taxes were paid they 'd have less money to pay doctors with . 
  europe 's economy would be totally fucked and we 'd pull the world economy with us . 
  the euro is the second largest currency in the world . 
  it would n't be pretty . 
  where exactly was i talking about a jewish conspiracy ? 
  and austria had plenty of pioneers in all of those fields . 
  look up austrian scientists when you have time . 
  we had the guy that got doctors to wash their hands for example . 
  grateful to be part of such a mighty empire and the wise guidance of the habsburgs i 'd expect . 
  not to mention that at least in the hre there was voting for emperor . 
  the accomplishments of a group , as well as the general preferences and behavior of their members . 
  the worth of the austrian people is high . 
  we have the courage , precision , and love of cold efficiency as all germans , but we are also produce great culture and we also like breaks more than our northern brothers . 
  i do n't see how anyone could see it differently . 
  we built a great empire that ruled much of europe for hundreds of years . 
  i did n't talk about the `` worth '' of a group , i talked about its perception . 
  important difference there . 
  i would n't say the worth of jews as a group is low . 
  good businessmen , productive workers . 
  singular people i judge on their own merits . 
  groups i judge on the actions of their group . 
  we were ruled by the emperor of the holy roman empire . 
  the only state holier than us is the vatican . 
  you 'll notice i said gypsy , not roma . 
  there 's some upstanding roma , i 'm not denying that . 
  i even know a successful roma businessman from around here . 
  they are the ones that do n't follow the gypsy culture anymore . 
   in any case , i can picture you saying exactly the same thing about the jewish community 100 years ago . 
  unlikely . 
  the complaints against the jews were always that they are conspiring together , or profaning the body of christ , or something like that . 
  i never heard the jews described as criminals that 'll steal everything that is n't nailed down . 
  i 'm in the western eu and i just had two gypsies run after me for 200m , constantly begging for money and ignoring my no 's . 
  they 're here too , sadly enough . 
  before you defend the gypsies , walk through one of their communities . 
  while i agree with you on the dispersing part , building a wall also works , assuming you build the wall in such a way that it ca n't be easily scaled . 
  in that case , you have just a few ways in to monitor and can just control everyone who passes through . 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  i am serious . 
  if a certain part of a city generates most of the crime , would it not make sense to wall it off to curb crime ? 
   last august , a wall was constructed to isolate roma communities in the country 's second-largest city , ko\u0161ice , in eastern slovakia . 
  now to the interesting question : did that wall lead to less crime ? 
  because if it did ... 
  yes . 
  mensur is still done actually , but today the law forces them to wear protection and use non-lethal weapons only . 
  and of course only as a sport , you are not allowed to duel over grievances anymore . 
  looks something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/duugowl.jpg ) now . 
  for europe as a whole , yes . 
  peace means more trade , which means more wealth , less of our budgets is spent on the military which means more money for other sectors , and it enables scientists from different countries to cooperate . 
  and i say that as some with very little regard for human life and certainly not a pacifist . 
  do not confuse burschenschaften and corps . 
  the burschenschaften are the nazis . 
  the corps are not , although they tend to be conservative/religious . 
  i 'd say `` smash fraternities '' is closer . 
  `` zerschlagen '' is rather forceful . 
  well ... ca n't say i 'm entirely convinced .
