  we can not let this stand . 
  if we let this go unpunished , others will think it acceptable to murder eu citizens . 
  our answer must be a military strike against the rebels . 
  they have to die for this . 
  if russia decides to fight on their side , they 're next . 
  they can not stand against the whole of the eu , united . 
  and if they try , they must pay the price . 
  hamas is a terrorist organisation and i 'd consider the elections in gaza fairly suspect . 
  saying i dislike israel does n't mean i love hamas . 
   the specific event you linked to targeted a military headquarters ... yeah . 
  with a car bomb . 
  at rush hour . 
  it was n't exactly a freak accident that civilians were hurt there . 
   they were n't full of existential hatred toward whites white farmers are getting murdered to this day . 
  and there was a lot of violence at the start of their rule too . 
  i 'm at best skeptical of their embrace . 
   the anc never targeted civilians http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_street_bombing http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/umkhonto_we_sizwe#military_campaign there is absolutely no doubt that anc was a terrorist organisation . 
  i think it is high time to grow closer in the eu , give up more power to the eu level , and start military operations to wipe the rebels from the map . 
  then repeat the same with the russian soldiers . 
  russia ca n't stand against the whole eu . 
  eh , we would only need to get our troops within a few kilometers of it for that to happen . 
  let 's say putin burning . 
  agreed with you there . 
  although i am for a more pro-active course . 
  the rebels have killed our people . 
  we should kill theirs . 
  march in and shoot every last one of them that resists . 
  the ones that lay down their arms should get marched off to hang for war crimes . 
  make an example . 
  show the world that killing an eu citizen has consequences . 
  the answer is yes . 
  coordinating deployment between all eu states takes a long time though , no way could we have secured the crashsite before the rebels started looting . 
  the history of the occupation forces that are attacking a state are hardly irrelevant . 
   israelis are the original land grabbing , racist apartheid aggressors that 's the comment you were referring to . 
  it did n't include anything about gaza specifically , just about israel in general . 
   then why the fuck do they have a stance on this revolution and are not watching from sidelines i ca n't talk about the eu as a whole , but my stance until that plane was pretty much `` let them do whatever , mostly '' . 
  and i do n't give a shit about democracy either . 
  the eu must defend its citizens and make it clear that killing our people is unacceptable . 
  something like the old summer palace burning should be done to make it clear to the world that attacking europeans invites a great deal of pain . 
  it probably wo n't happen of course , because we do n't have proper politicians anymore . 
  they are european but not in the eu . 
  not a problem for the eu . 
  no reason to damage our trade for them . 
  the west-bank is occupied . 
  the golan heights are occupied . 
  same for the rest of the land there , depending on your viewpoint . 
  ukrainians killing ukrainians is really more of their business than ours . 
  ukrainians killing eu-citizens is eu business . 
  turns out the last words of the pilot were `` ukrainian nazi planes are firing on us !, 
  putin save us ! '', 
  i am sure russia is going to let that happen . 
  before that plane i 'd have agreed with them , but now they killed eu citizens . 
  it already has affected us . 
  russia gave the rebels these weapons . 
  russia probably gave them the trained crew too . 
  the rebels are as good as russians . 
  it does n't matter if they shot it down on purpose or not . 
  they did , they have eu blood on their hands , they must pay . 
  you think that if the russians started chucking nukes around , the west would n't respond ? 
  the uk ? 
  france ? 
  the us ? 
  if russia started moving to nuclear war , they 'd be just as annihilated as us . 
  they would n't do it . 
  they attacked our ( eu ) citizens . 
  it is their fault if we have to bring them to civil war . 
  helping them is an entirely different matter . 
  we are n't responsible for the russian people . 
  that 's their problem . 
  i am a big believer in revenge and they killed eu citizens . 
  in my view , war is the only answer to this . 
  we must make it clear that it is unacceptable to kill an eu citizen and economic sanctions do n't show that enough . 
  and yes , i 'd volunteer . 
  i highly doubt russia would use nukes . 
  if they did , they 'd all die too . 
  if they are , the rebels are fucked . 
  if the russians are dissatisfied with their leadership because it brings them heavy sanctions , they are free to vote putin out or even rebel . 
  fuck bloody . 
  they started it . 
  move in , rip them apart , and do n't stop until russia is a bunch of independent regions . 
  and even if you do n't want that ( and let 's be real , it sadly wo n't be happening ) , you can always stop all trade relations . 
  move european troops to ukraine . 
  blood can only be washed away by blood . 
   the gypsies left the next day without any problems i would n't consider `` staying a lot longer than allowed and only leaving after they reached national attention '' without any problems . 
  because russia is gearing up to invade in earnest and they 're getting desperate to get the west to intervene against russia . 
  i would n't say it 's impossible that they did it to try and pin it on the russians . 
  that being said ... if it * was * russia and there were eu citizens on board , we should do more than mere sanctions . 
  or they shot it down so they could blame the rebels because it would n't make sense for them to shoot it down . 
  putin is n't the only one that can play dirty . 
  next we 'll need to treat laziness as a disability too . 
  obesity is caused by nothing but laziness and it should be the responsibility of the individual to bear its consequences , not that of society . 
  if you privatize schools , the poor kid can get school vouchers depending on his academic success . 
  or at least he should be able to . 
  i 'd say no . 
  not as long as neonazis do n't pose a significant threat to their home country . 
  most of them do n't kill people , maybe they beat up an immigrant once in a while , but nothing really too dangerous . 
  the problem with child porn is that people make money off it . 
  it gets watched , it costs money , people abuse children to make money . 
  does n't really exist with murder . 
  there 's no known instance of a snuff video being made with the purpose of making money .
