  the problem is that homeless often tend to have substance abuse problems . 
  where a sensible person might rent an apartment and get some new clothes so he can find a job , an addict will buy alcohol/drugs . 
  in that case , why not give cheap state-housing to those that do n't have anywhere else to go ? 
  small bedrooms , a big central kitchen that the inhabitants work themselves and that gets food from the state . 
  job training programs and looking for a job being a requirement to live there too of course . 
  actually something i can agree with , as long as the standards for refugee-status and asylum get stricter . 
  no such thing as an economic refugee . 
  a manager needs a lot of training to be able to make the right decisions . 
  that 's why so many come from universities . 
  a month of training is n't much against years . 
  that 's why the state generally supports my position . 
  i might not be able to enforce anything , the police is . 
  the drone can be easily replaced in minutes by billions of people . 
  every adult ( and not so adult ) can do his job . 
  manager , not so much . 
   'm sure tossing people in the street and starving others away to pay the public debts to billionaires bankers and investment funds if you take on debt , you have to pay it back . 
  it does n't matter who it is to . 
   you sure you do n't have a little caucescu shrine in your home somewhere or ? 
  considering he was a communist ... no . 
  of course it is . 
  you have more responsibility , work longer hours , and you need to know a lot more than your average factory-drone . 
  their family is successful . 
  they are part of their family , therefore they are successful . 
   most rich people do not produce anything . 
  their money works for them . 
  if you ever borrowed money , you have to thank rich people for that . 
  the capital for corporations comes from rich people . 
   other people work for them and make them money . 
  and management is n't work ? 
  it 's nothing but hating on successful people . 
   well , unemployment is at its highest today , whereas tax revenues have decreased by five points of gdp . 
  which i am sure has absolutely nothing to do with the financial crisis inbetween . 
  just those evil wealthy people stealing from the proletariat . 
   yet a legally organised ignorance forbids the disclosure of the identity of the bond holders . 
  for a good reason . 
  otherwise people that hold a lot of state-issued bonds could just start to `` disappear '' when the state ca n't pay its debts anymore . 
   audits on private debts are also possible , as the chilean artist francisco tapia has recently shown by auditing student loans in an imaginative way . 
  oh , stealing and burning is now `` an imaginative way '' to auditing . 
   a small group of individuals and financial institutions has consistently taken advantage of high levels of public indebtedness or , you know , loaned money to a state that needed it . 
  this is pure propaganda hating on the rich . 
  i do not . 
  i have absolutely nothing against immigrants , as long as they 're useful . 
  and i definitely do n't have a problem with jews . 
  i was never proud of it . 
  just an interesting curiosity . 
   oh , silly austrian , your country will be begging immigrants to come soon enough there 's still plenty of time to change . 
  all we need is a strong push towards incentivizing austrians to get children . 
   as for creating gangs ? 
  anyone can do that , you do n't have to be `` african '' , that 's just racist thinking everybody can , but middle-class gangs are exceedingly rare . 
  if people have opportunities , they do n't create gangs that 'll ruin them . 
   emigrants do n't just come to steal nobody is saying that . 
  it 's just what a lot of them will end up doing . 
  the family ca n't prevent her from marrying a man they do n't want to . 
  they can just cut her off , and that 's not something in which the state should intervene . 
  there 's no violation of civil rights . 
  and the first one will cost the state massively while providing no benefit . 
   crime rates ? 
  they come to work , not to steal . 
  yes , because they 've heard that you 're showered with money in europe . 
  then they recognize that all those opportunities are only for people with an education and skills . 
  then they band together and create gangs . 
  or they just do crime because that 's how things are handled in their culture , kidnapping schoolgirls or what have you . 
  and them taking those boats is their choice . 
  i do n't see why we should prevent their suicide attempt from succeeding . 
  they 'd be free to move and participate then . 
  shutting israel out of trade and science would weaken it in the long run . 
  it 's not a country that can survive without foreign help . 
  asylum seekers are only actual asylum seekers if they stop at the first place they can . 
  europe does n't have many borders with africa , and absolutely none with sub-saharan africa . 
  gypsies are also called romanians in the media here . 
  to not incite hatred against the gypsies . 
  instead romanians are now hated . 
  great improvement . 
  mostly lying . 
  very , very few come from countries actually bordering the eu , so they could 've stopped before and just continued `` fleeing '' because they want more money . 
  yes , but they are * illegal * immigrants . 
  you do n't call a square a rectangle . 
  migrants is just a pc way of calling them so people do n't get negative feelings about these illegal immigrants . 
  it is n't . 
  it pisses me off that they call them `` migrants '' . 
  they 're illegal immigrants , nothing else . 
  we should seriously help out italy with protecting their borders ( and the rest of the south too ) though . 
  ca n't have the weakest economies paying for border control for the rest of us . 
  as long as you keep the monarchy , i 'm not majorly opposed . 
  just a bit in general since my country was quite hurt by regions breaking away . 
  because our politicians fear that loyal people will rally around them and we will become a monarchy again . 
  king orb\u00e1n has a nice ring to it , no ? 
  the current constitution is based on an illegal change to the constitution of 1867 in 1918 . 
  the emperor did not approve it and neither did one part of the reichsrat , therefore it is null and void . 
  to actually get the habsburgs back ( lawfully ) , a referendum would need to be held since they are banned from all political positions and largely banned from the country , which would obviously need to change . 
  the change of the law would also need to pass the national assembly with 2/3 of votes ( at 50 + % attendance ) . 
  and the staatsvertrag from 1955 would need to voided as well , since that also contains a guarantee of austria that it keeps the habsburgs out . 
  for that the uk , us , france , and russia would need to approve . 
  theoretically though , seeing as the habsburgs are citizens of the eu , this clause was already voided when austria entered the eu and freedom of movement was established . 
  hardly . 
  the deal , from tribal times onwards , was generally you give your land and service ( if necessary ) to a king , who in turn protects you and makes sure you do n't starve and stuff . 
  that 's a very good looking offer if your harvest was bad or your neighbor ( not necessarily the king in question ) is sharpening his swords . 
  depending on the country , you can only automatically inherit if you have closer relations . 
  and of course the government would have to recognize those pretenders as real . 
  or care .
