  hunting the people who make them might actually reduce them , but closing the university too is just more motivation for trolls . 
  i usually do n't do potatoes . 
  i just mash them with some vegetables and throw some eggs on top . 
  or just eggs . 
  i do n't think actual witches taking the side of an accused witch is going to make the accused witch any more popular in his community . 
  what 's curious is that the fp\u00d6 got less votes than pre-election polls showed . 
  usually they 'd get more . 
  anyways , it 's pretty shitty for vienna . 
  red/green spent a lot of money , and now they 'll be able to spend a whole lot more , and not even on austrians this time . 
  but yeah , also not a good sign for the rest of the country . 
  luckily there 's still time until the next general elections . 
  other parties could change their policies or fp\u00d6 could get more support . 
  the chance is pretty damn high , i 'd say , if not close to 1 . 
  in the end , unless an isis member was in a video , it 's pretty hard to determine who is and who is n't one , and the intelligence agencies ca n't be everywhere . 
  i remember an article from a while ago that they were already understaffed to cope with what came in back then . 
  there was already that grenade-loaded truck they found in denmark by pure blind luck . 
  that definitely was n't the only such delivery . 
  i 've already resigned to the reality that it 'll happen , it 's just a matter of time . 
  as-is , i 'm fairly sure it 'll be enough to spurn the population into action , demanding less migrants , more secure borders , and , hopefully , closer european relationships to better exchange info and such . 
  probably early elections in the more migrant-friendly countries ( * cough * merkel * cough * ) maybe even return strikes on isis , hopefully . 
  absolutely . 
  getting a good interest rate is hard work . 
  get a play stock portfolio . 
  try it for a few years . 
  is likely a lot smarter than you 'd know from her public persona . 
  what matters is your level of competence , not how you arrived there . 
  and `` not helping '' is a far cry from `` punishing '' . 
  i assume that stupidity has a way of finding the bottom of society . 
  nothing is easier than losing money . 
   how is that fair ? 
  because the rich and the poor person are n't equally competent . 
  how is it fair that those that are competent have to pay the way of those that are incompetent ? 
  those taxes apply long before the `` ca n't spend it anyway '' mark . 
  it certainly makes a difference to someone 's life if he earns 10 or 20 million a year . 
  that 's a whole other class of yacht , or mansion . 
   why should they be able to get a huge amount of money that they simply do n't need without a significant tax taken off it to actually benefit the rest of society you answered yourself :  they earned that money that 's enough . 
  they 're the ones who earned it . 
  not the rest of society . 
  i 'm not even completely against taxes , but 45 % is just ludicrous . 
  something in the 20 % range , across the board , should suffice , as long as the state cuts its social spending , which it should to incentivise independence . 
  certainly . 
  they earned that money , and even at 10 % would pay much more than the average person . 
  45 % is nothing short of armed robbery . 
  and then he got a million pound . 
  seriously , i 'd volunteer for a bit of torture for that amount . 
  if america promises me a million after i get out , they ca n't throw me into gitmo fast enough . 
  i 'll even learn arabic and convert to islam to make it more authentic . 
  and a million pound would be enough to make me stop being angry at pretty much anything . 
  they figured something out the rest of europe has n't : rich people pay much more taxes and prefer to park their money and often themselves somewhere they do n't get shat on for being successful . 
  from what we 've seen so far , it 's fucked beyond improvement , unless that means `` scrap it and start over again '' . 
  i 'm all for a big free trade agreement , but not at the cost of national sovereignty . 
  walls , barbed wire , and european navies towing them back to libya . 
  it 's what happens when the dominant parties completely neglect important issues or just glance over them . 
  i wonder ... is the rise just in total numbers , or also in percentages ? 
  has anyone seen the total number of asylum hostels/centers over the last few years ? 
  the book may include it , but it 's not practiced anymore . 
  but yeah , as an occultist i certainly keep an eye on any `` let 's burn the witch '' sentiment . 
  strongly , once the inevitable crash comes . 
  and it 'll probably be soon . 
  my advice is to keep some money in your pockets to buy stock once the fire-sale starts . 
  how the shit is it even legal to permanently adopt a baby out whose abuse case is still being tried ? 
  that seems like a pretty gigantic oversight of the legal system . 
  til this exists . 
  already bought the novel . 
  time to visit one of them lichtspieltheaters for the first time in a decade . 
  incompetence and inefficiency anywhere irks me on pure principle . 
  if you have to kill people , you could at least have the common decency to do so in a professional manner . 
  worst . 
  criminal . 
  organization . 
  ever . 
  if you really have to give the command to maybe possibly kill someone in a room full of people , at least check everyone for electronics before entering . 
  i mean , seriously . 
  that 's basic security measures . 
  not pro-isis , but certainly anti-secularism and order . 
  if you need more evidence , just look at what happened to the `` moderate '' rebels the us trained : they joined isis at the first sign of trouble . 
  considering a lot of syria is currently occupied by isis , the part that is n't is controlled by assad , who does n't have such laws , and a lot of the people that come here are against assad ... 
  it 's almost , * almost * , as if merkel did n't think things through when she said all `` syrians '' were welcome . 
   germany desperately needs migrants to fill a growing skills shortage in the workplace for which , of course , a guy that studied in a country with far lower requirements and probably ptsd or other mental problems is perfect . 
   it 's pretty silly to expect war refugees to be all daisies and rainbows , and pretty obscene to reject aiding them on the basis that they 're not . 
  i do n't expect it . 
  that 's why i am for caution and not mixing them with the population , but separate refugee camps far away from eu citizens . 
  also a thousand years ago . 
  apostasy laws exist today in muslim nations , as do sorcery laws , and that 's not even counting isis or that study about muslims in europe . 
  which is wrong in and of itself . 
  why do i have to go to the shop when everyone else does and not when it fits into my natural sleep cycle at 3am on a sunday ? 
  it 's really time the eu in general got some 24/7 chains . 
  if your religion includes the beheading of infidels , i 'd say a bit of wariness can be excused . 
  that last one should n't have skipped leg day . 
  never skip leg day . 
  sometimes you have to fire some employees . 
  i fail to see the problem with that . 
  that ... does n't really sound good either though , does it ? 
  `` if we told people the truth , they 'd disagree with us '' is a pretty sketchy thing coming from a government . 
  edit : apart from the fact that it 'd also directly endanger german women , considering their representation in volunteer groups . 
  i 'm not sure a violent mob should represent the french population . 
  nah , that 's something entirely different . 
  that 's just purposeful lies . 
  yes . 
  hate speech is still speech .
