  a world controlled by europe would be better than that . 
  and american power is already declining . 
  we should n't shackle ourselves to a corpse . 
  men and women are equally skilled overall , but not necessarily at the same things . 
  and that does n't even take simple interest into account . 
  men and women are interested in different things . 
  should 've thrown the whole embassy out . 
  as long as they do n't get into more important government jobs , or government positions with more access , i 'm fine with them . 
  so , i guess i agree with the right wingers here . 
  giving up their passport is a symbol of giving up their old country . 
  the other way would be to simply forbid the first three to five generations of immigrants all government jobs . 
  you can be racist against blacks and whites at the same time . 
  at the least racism against blacks is n't enshrined in law ( anymore ) . 
  yes , i do too . 
  you ca n't really dispute that affirmative action is racist and sexist . 
  absolutely for it . 
  shit like the farmer murders should n't be happening . 
  and you certainly should n't be leashed to a country that is going the route of mugabe . 
  europe should even assist if we are asked , both in security and economic questions . 
   this report uses the term refugee to refer to those who have fled persecution or conflict , regardless of whether they have been officially recognized as refugees . 
  and that 's the great fault of it . 
  it 's dishonest . 
   with safer routes into the eu being closed off by fences , increased surveillance and the deployment of more and more security forces , people are being forced to take ever more dangerous routes , sometimes with tragic consequences . 
  they are n't `` forced '' to flee to europe . 
  unless they 're moroccan or turkish , they are n't even neighboring the eu . 
   they face violence at eu 's borders not as long as they do n't try to cross without permission . 
   those seeking to enter the eu end up trapped in countries such as libya , morocco , ukraine and turkey , where their rights are at risk then blame them for that , not us . 
   i showed them my unhcr paper pretty sure that did n't allow you to cross a border illegally . 
  tl ; dr : we should not be allowed to protect our borders from illegal immigrants , and should rather focus on taking as many of them in as possible because for some reason they have the right to go anywhere they want once they claim they are actually a refugee . 
  now , i am for improving conditions for actual refugees . 
  help them in their own countries , open possibilities for them to submit to a check if they 're an actual refugee outside of eu territory , have more cooperation within the eu . 
  totally cool . 
  but it must never threaten our ability to defend our borders against illegal immigrants . 
  if someone does not have a good amount of proof that he actually is a refugee , he should not be recognized as such . 
  that 's just opening us up to abuse . 
   and all eu migration policies must be open to effective , independent and impartial monitoring of the measures adopted and their impact on the human rights of refugees and migrants i 'm even fine with that , as long as `` impartial '' does n't mean `` always on the side of the illegal immigrants . 
  the us is doing wonderful work here . 
  they are clearly showing that they regard themselves more as our enemies than our friends and opening the eyes of everyone that still loved them . 
  to be fair , the panthers were a terrorist organization that murdered their fair share of people . 
  it 's a lot less `` scrapping '' and more `` doing what the others already did '' . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's proven to not work out and has done nothing but destabilized the whole region , ignored the rights of other states , murdered civilians left and right ... 
  but i do n't want it to end with violence . 
  let 's stop all weapon shipments and trade with israel , acknowledge palestine as the rightful ruler of all the are israel covers under the requirement that jews are treated as full citizens there and not subjected to attacks ( with persecution of war criminals being allowed of course ) , and wait a few decades . 
  there 's a difference between believing that men should be allowed to pee standing and believing that women should n't be allowed to drive . 
  because israel is the same as jews , right ? 
  plenty of jews are n't zionists . 
  not really . 
  if you were 20 in 1945 , you 'd now be 89 . 
  not many people live that long . 
  some exceptions exist , but they 're rare . 
  germany is a different country now . 
  israel is n't . 
  and it was n't `` sins of their fathers '' . 
  many of the people that committed atrocities are still alive and israel is still spreading on land that is not theirs . 
  not to mention that nobody here is bashing the people of israel , op is just bashing israel . 
  i 'm much , but certainly not a leftist and i highly dislike israel . 
  does n't mean we should beat up people that fly its flag , although i 'd view them with suspicion . 
  i like israel as much as the next guy , but this is a tad much . 
  good . 
  20 weeks is an insanely long time to have to pay two employees for the job of one . 
  and then you have fire the new one for the one that just decided to leave you for 20 weeks . 
  if anything , maternity leave should be paid by the state . 
  ideally with the replacement also paid by the state , since you have to train him too , which impacts productivity . 
  / r/worldnews , i just do n't care much about the comments . 
  execute the people that were spying on germany , not the ones that were spying * for * germany . 
  if you make the argument that it is n't the citizens , i 'm with you . 
  but it is the state and anyone working for it . 
  be it senator , soldier , or spy . 
  not on a prisoner , a spy and a traitor . 
   then , from the perspective of the spy , it would n't make any sense to give out any information at all or of varying degrees of truthfullness because he 'd die anyway afterwards . 
  true . 
  but you could assume his family knew about the spying . 
  and if he does n't talk ... well , i am sure his wife knows something . 
  you of course should n't actually torture her . 
  give her some acting lessons and have her make a tape . 
   no that would be the dark side 's way , we 're the good guys , remember ? 
  i 'm more of a practically minded man . 
  the few values i have are not violated by torturing a traitor . 
  also , i think you 're a bit off with the third reich . 
  berlin was spy central during the cold war . 
  if america chooses to act like it is at war with europe and spy on all of us , we should treat them the same . 
  of course it would be a solution . 
  it 'd discourage other small-time informants from informing since they could be executed for it . 
  make sure to provide no widower 's pension or orphan pension if it happens , and he has to worry about his family too . 
  and of course the same would go for anyone that tries to contact the informants , likely embassy staff . 
  make sure to get as much information out of them as possible , then execute them . 
  do they still have the death sentence for spies ? 
  because they should . 
  we also had them pre-wwi . 
  they just jumped sides at the start of the war . 
  abolish conscription , replace it with a professional army . 
  no way we 're going to win anything with numbers anyways . 
  then abolish the habsburgergesetze , turn the country into a parliamentary monarchy with the emperor getting the right to appoint people of his choosing to the parliament for the people that did not vote , then proceed to return the throne to the habsburgs . 
  let 's just avoid italy and it 'll probably work out . 
  never be on a side with italy , seriously . 
   immigrants trying to sell garbage to survive  unwelcome to greeks especially outside main streets . 
   the golden dawn stronghold . 
   violent anarchists those points are probably somewhat connected . 
   according to laws of soviet humanism , only those who had normal body temperature ( 36.6 ... 37 c ) could be shot what sense does that make ?
