  they decided to take that risk by coming here , why should we care about things they do not ? 
  and what 's gon na happen if the eu unanimously decides we wo n't stand for it anymore ? 
  international law is based on strength , and if the eu acts as one , nobody has the strength and willingness to stop us . 
  give them a rowboat and send them on their way . 
  hey , it 's basically an upgrade on what they came here . 
  or , ideally , just turn them around before they even see land . 
   if they come a second time , they have to go to jail for 2 years and than are deported afterwards considering our jails are better than their lifes at home : that 's just going to attract more . 
  we should really change that law . 
  then help italy and spain with the border control . 
  it 's a joke that our weaker economies get to pay for the border control of the rest of the eu . 
  pickpockets are real quick . 
  yep . 
  the babies are n't necessarily theirs either . 
  stealing is wrong , and they stole . 
  law or no law , stealing is wrong . 
  good or not does n't matter , right matters . 
  the protesters are wrong , the government is right . 
  that the neighborhood is supporting the rioters just makes the whole neighborhood look like a bad place to me . 
  like they 're all criminals . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sixty-six_\\ ( card_game \\ ) ), 
  i consider wanting to take away my and my family 's accomplishments plenty enough evidence of hating me . 
  he has just admitted so in the comment above . 
  they 'd steal my business , my fields , my machines ... 
  i 'd prefer them not controlling the country , but i 'd prefer them over the communists any day . 
  better the people in power hate someone else than me . 
  considering my grandfather still has his old `` 100 % aryan '' pass , no . 
  no worries , it takes a lot more for me to be offended . 
  and thanks . 
  does n't change that it is theft . 
  they won so far , but they really should n't have . 
  i am the rightful owner of my businesses , not my workers . 
  at the very least the nazis wo n't steal from me . 
  someone who wo n't take away my property for one . 
  i 've been practicing occultism for a while now . 
  it 's changed my opinion a fair bit . 
  not that many asatru do the same , so my views are not representational of the majority anymore . 
   do you get weird looks if you tell people you 're a pagan ? 
  yes , but i generally do n't tell people anymore . 
  was raised catholic . 
  gods , no . 
  the far right is bad enough already , we do n't need a radical left too . 
  we have quite enough street fights already , thank you very much . 
  and that 's not even starting on their economic policies ... 
  it is undeniable that workers could use some help in some states , but a return to communist principles is nothing to be celebrated . 
  gypsies are often called romanians in the media because it 'd be racist to do otherwise . 
  the asatru i was back then was more the normal sort : worship the norse gods , pray to them , etc. 
  for that purpose , i have small altars , statues i carved ( crudely ) from wood and now beeswax too . 
  worshiping and praying usually involved a sacrifice of some sort , from a candle , to mead and cooked food and raw meat . 
  i had an three altars : one to freya , goddess of beauty , luck , and love . 
  one to thor , the thundergod , protector of the mortal world , god of drivers . 
  and the last one to odin the allfather , the one-eyed wanderer , god of magic , of victory , of nobility , of wisdom , poetry , and rage , of ecstasy and pain , the father of all the gods , the one who first brought war in the world , the one who gave his eye to receive wisdom , the one that brought humanity the mighty runes through sacrificing himself to himself . 
  you 'll be able to figure out which i revere the most . 
  as for what i believe : just read the poetic edda , it 's a good read even if you do n't believe it . 
  the [ v\u00f6luspa ] ( http://www.sacred-texts.com/neu/poe/poe03.htm#page_1 ) part explains the beginning and end of the world and the gods . 
  nowadays , it 's changed a bit . 
  i believe in all gods now , even the all-encompassing christian one , just a bit differently . 
  i 've added altars to hermes and saint cyprian and plan on adding marduk soon . 
  yes . 
  i am not sure you are talking about gay disco-groups or people living in villages . 
  in case it is the latter : i love that there 's less people and more/easier access to nature . 
  what i dislike is that people are more nosy and the lack of services . 
  and that there 's more social housing being built . 
  we have quite enough of that already . 
  yes . 
  there 's different flavors , but i was in the catholic one . 
  some learning about catholicism , some yelling at me because i 'm a devilworshipping asatru , a fair amount of learning about buddhists and hindus and muslims and jews and whatnot , lots of halo matches . 
  well , the latter one was n't part of the curriculum , strictly speaking . 
  if you call not drinking and smoking all of your money away `` living in misery '' , yes . 
  i 'm a bar-owner . 
  i see giant amounts of poor people drink all day and moaning about how they do n't have any money . 
  meanwhile , a guy with the same income that saves and does bicycle trips for entertainment just helped his second kid furnish a small house , and actually owns his house as well . 
   charalambous made # 745,351 that 's no fortune . 
  i doubt people would n't go crazy if he started to ban immigrants from his properties . 
  so what 's he supposed to do ? 
  bulldoze his houses because immigrants live in them ? 
  i 'd assume because flights from there are also cheaper so people actually use them . 
  better to have a full plane with cheaper tickets than an empty one with expensive ones . 
  japan is n't poor . 
  skipping a vacation is n't poverty . 
  it was the standard for thousands of years everywhere . 
  vacations are a giant luxury . 
  saying lacking them is poverty is only slightly less ridiculous than saying not owning a yacht is poverty . 
   the new data , combined with new information from the german statistics office published last week , reports that one third of the german population ca n't afford to pay unexpected costs for repairs , or for new items , if the amount exceeds around $ 1,000 that 's more the fault of people not saving any money than them not making it . 
  in my experience , a lot of people prefer to spend their money on senseless luxuries rather than saving a bit so you have money when you need it . 
  who thought it was a good idea to fly a high-ranking officer over disputed territory ? 
  they are n't , but it 's generally a good idea to give children a more complete view of the world and then let them decide on their own ideology . 
  no , it is not giving parents a chance to indoctrinate their children into fringe beliefs without at least contact with the outside world . 
   homeschooling aka `` indoctrinating your kids and barely teaching them anything '' . 
  homeschooling should n't be a thing , at all . 
  it just gives parents an opportunity to indoctrinate their kids into whatever crazy beliefs they have and mess them up for life . 
   jewish and islamic religious rituals regarding meat production , circumcision and religious clothing no , you should n't be allowed to torture anything because your religion tells you to . 
  or circumcise someone that ca n't consent . 
  or hide your face in court . 
  you can have whatever religion you want , just follow the laws . 
  the law should not concern itself with religion in any way , shape , or form . 
  same for gender or race while we are at it . 
  and i say that as a very religious person . 
  if you 're talking about actual immigrants and not `` refugees '' , i have mostly nothing against them . 
  the policies there are mostly sensible , although there should be a bit more focus to get their children to properly integrate . 
  the `` refugees '' are the problem as they are mostly uneducated , do n't speak the language , and lack any applicable skills whatsoever .
