  `` mysterious '' . 
  does anybody really still doubt that some people in very high positions are involved in this ? 
  yes . 
  there 's a pokemon that 's a platypus . 
  know it from there . 
  edit : why the hell did i write `` pokeman '' ? 
  i swear , i 'm hip with the kids and funky-fresh guys . 
  personally , i prefer to just call it nature 's mistake . 
  a german history magazine had a very long article about it just recently . 
  admittedly , the congo was one of those mistakes i mentioned . 
  of course technology does n't come cheap . 
  we still built up their infrastructure . 
  i never said we did it out as charity . 
   forced to the natives to work harder and by harder i mean often to death as i said , some mistakes were made at times . 
  what does it have to do with race ? 
  they were living in the middle ages , we brought them technology , for which we got resources . 
  they built up infrastructure there too , as well as introducing modern technology . 
  if they had decided to remain with the colonial powers , they 'd be a lot better off now . 
  but they did n't . 
  they rebelled , or voted the europeans to go away . 
  i will admit that some mistakes were made in colonization , but overall i 'd say it was a positive for the continent . 
  it is not . 
  not at all . 
  they had european infrastructure after being freed . 
  any debt they accumulated can not be taken out on the colonial powers that gave them that infrastructure , just their own mismanagement . 
  and they 're still better off than they 'd be if they were in africa . 
  the reparations did n't * start * 200 years later , they ended . 
  that 's a difference . 
  germany just recently paid off it 's wwi debt iirc . 
  it is called favors . 
  corruption would be illegal . 
  possibly . 
  that 's literally what it says . 
  she is underpaid ( which is due to her over-qualification ) . 
  the government is paying her , but ~ ~ enough ~ ~ not enough for an academic . 
  the position is n't worth an academic though , so ... 
  the field she works in * is * her usefulness . 
  if she only takes a position a native can take anyways , she 's just creating unemployment and is therefore useless . 
  it is . 
  it should be . 
  feelings have no place in bureaucracy , only facts . 
  i adore it , really . 
  people should work more like machines . 
  we 'd be considerably more efficient . 
  well , what you have to understand with austria is that the country , our bureaucracy especially , is built on our good tradition of `` freinderlwirtschoft '' , aka `` you wash my back , i wash yours '' . 
  generally , you do n't get fired because you know people that can ensure it does n't happen , and you 've already done favors for them . 
  the kind of idiot that wants to ensure that there is no pressure on the employee to decide not to take more pay . 
  it 's a job that 's offered by the government . 
  at least in austria , the government has to pay academics a higher pay , no matter if it 's related or not . 
  if you work as a pencil-pusher for the government and have a doctorate in theoretical physics , you 'll get paid more here . 
  her usefulness matters , not her passion . 
  you can not make rulings like these on feelings . 
  they have to be based on facts . 
  this proves exactly two things : 1 . ), 
  jews have no concept of irony . 
  and no humor either . 
  also , look at some of the other rap news videos . 
  they are rather good . 
  hey , if that means more cute russian women there , i 'd probably watch it over eurovision . 
  true . 
  landmines would be the better choice . 
  with what type of immigrants ? 
  somehow i doubt switzerland gets many absolutely uneducated people with no money as immigrants . 
  there is a difference between `` lots '' and `` all '' . 
  you just said that rape and crime is rampant in refugee camps . 
  * you * said that . 
  who does all the raping and crime if not some of the refugees ? 
  and how do you only let the ones running free that do n't ? 
  the answer is you ca n't know which ones are violent , or thieves , and just stick them all together . 
  better rape and crime in refugee camps than releasing those same criminals and rapists on our countries . 
  one has an unlikely consequence , the other one is rather obvious . 
  it 's more like if i stuck a fork up a power outlet . 
  they do n't speak the local language , they have no education , and their values are rather ... unique too . 
  i am quite aware of that . 
  i believe they made the decision to depart on not seaworthy vessels , it is their problem if they face the consequences of that . 
  who says we saw them ? 
  they ? 
  they are n't gon na talk , are they ? 
  well , just say back that it 's either that or having the even-more-unresponsible even-more-lazy even-more-southerners in the country . 
  then they stay on the ship and can find another port . 
  not our problem . 
  i know . 
  but they 'd drown as a consequence of their own actions . 
  why save them from themselves ? 
  stop taking them in . 
  demand they apply for citizenship in the local consulate from where they came , and take the fingerprint of all that try to enter illegally , immediately putting them on a `` no-citizenship-ever '' list . 
  then ship them back without even touching european soil . 
  i agree , we should help you keep them out . 
  although i really do n't get why it was necessary to pull them out of the water . 
  they chose to make the crossing in a crappy boat , they chose to enter europe illegally , we should n't have any responsibility towards them . 
  i really hope europe reacts , i do n't want my country swarming with illegal immigrants that ca n't speak the language . 
  exactly , you have to separate or not smoke in larger bars . 
  we can still feed it . 
  they ca n't . 
  i think you deserve the same rights , but why not call them differently ? 
  less resistance that way . 
  you joke , but these are the times i truly hate that pimping is illegal in my country . 
  unlike europe , it also has deserts . 
  if you do something that does n't get you enough money to survive , chances are the rest of society does n't consider it as contributing enough . 
   is work the only metric you consider when judging someone 's worth ?
