  that was with the help of the ` muricans though . 
  not for the germans . 
  ca n't speak about others , but i know them a lot better than those of the austrian anthem . 
  learned them in highschool . 
  surprisingly good pronunciation too . 
  hope they can join soon . 
   they ca n't move continent . 
  strap a few outboard motors on , build some weapon emplacements along the shore and `` brittania rule the waves '' just gained a wholly new meaning ... 
  they wo n't leave . 
  it 's just posturing . 
  way too much of their trade and economy goes through the eu . 
  if you want to give them something they 're good at , maybe try the banking system . 
  i 'm rather fond of [ als wir nach frankreich zogen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf8rpy4tyyk ) lately . 
   when we marched to france , there where three of us : a private and a rifleman and i , the standard-bearer of the heavy cavalry  three brothers and three hearts , they followed the standard to l\u00fcttich on the plane , there the standard whispered : `` lord jesus and mary ! '', 
   and as we marched on , there where two of us : a b\u00fcckeburg rifleman and i , the standard-bearer of the heavy cavalry  two brothers and two hearts welcome the dew and day . 
  on the purple evening at longwy in the sheaves the standard said `` amen '' . 
   and as she said `` amen '' , another heart tore apart : `` goodbye , my dear rifleman , you are hailed by the standard-bearer of the heavy cavalry ! '', 
   `` oh mother , dearest mother , just trust strongly in god !, 
  still , the standard flies , that , on life and death , my emperor entrusted me with . '', 
   and if she once whispers silently : `` now it is your turn , fellow !, 
  '' , then the standard-bearer follows the great drummer to the heavenly troop-gathering, 
  do n't put that on us , * you * decided to elect a hobo as chancellor . 
   being forced to perform menial labor for the least amount of money somebody can possibly live on nobody is `` forced '' to do shit . 
  everyone can improve . 
  university costs next to nothing , beforehand schooling literally costs nothing , etc. 
  everyone can learn and get a better job if he is willing . 
  or just become better at his job and eventually become an overseer instead of a worker . 
  yeah , sure . 
  we 've had queens too . 
  nothing against a queen if there 's no male heir available . 
  the `` man '' part is just a figure of speech . 
  not if given to a worthy man . 
  the long line of good habsburg rulers has proven that the habsburgs are worthy of that power . 
  hitler , who i assume you 're referring to , was n't even low nobility . 
  he was n't even of an especially good bourgeois family . 
  hell , he was a bastard . 
  it was inevitable that he messed it all up . 
  yes , as the end-goal . 
  of course it 'd need to be a slow change . 
  of course he did n't say anything . 
  if he did , austria would 've given him even more grief than he already got . 
  stability and efficiency . 
  the easily-swayed masses are not fit to rule . 
  most people ca n't get their own live together , why should they rule a country ? 
  royal families also are essentially trained from birth to rule . 
  politicians usually do n't start out as politicians . 
  we have experts for everything , why not ruling ? 
  unity , too . 
  a whole country united under one man , behind one purpose , is a much stronger force than a split and quarreling one . 
  we still have karl von habsburg , and he 'd be our rightful emperor . 
  that 's enough . 
  i agree with the plan of the schwarz-gelbe allianz party : bring back the empire as a constitutional monarchy . 
  we can always widen his powers afterwards . 
  me too buddy , me too . 
  no , but i consider it work . 
  good enough for some tasks . 
  they work , they get money for it . 
  sounds like employment to me . 
  very , very few people are not physically able to do anything . 
  there 's workshops for the blind , workshops for the retarded , etc. 
  i give plenty to the poor , as long as they 're doing something for it . 
  just today i payed a guy a lot of money to keep my garden in good shape . 
  giving people things for doing nothing is not a good idea . 
  for a start , i 'd say we should just bring back the constitutional monarchy . 
  once we see that it works out well , we could start giving more and more power to the monarch . 
  i 'm not thinking we 'll get there in my lifetime , but hopefully i 'll at least see our emperor back in his rightful place . 
  i do n't see why they would not . 
  monarchy made austria great at first , and i do n't see why others would n't want to join us after the habsburgs have brought us into a new golden age . 
  how do you think you 'll get the areas in the first place without violence , that 's what i meant to say . 
  already said it . 
  we need to get our emperor back , who will fix up the country , and then everyone will want to join because it becomes so great . 
  if they resist , that is a rebellion . 
  and my opinion on rebellions is that they need to be put down with all necessary force , but no more . 
  the ones that are willing to be peaceful should n't suffer . 
  and stop with the `` gro\u00dfdeutschland '' bs . 
  those areas have been german long before hitler came around . 
  proven by the fact that the map i linked concerns the losses of * wwi * . 
  i never said anything about not letting them out if they want to leave . 
  see , and that is why i hate communists and anarchists . 
  they 're trying to steal my property . 
  the idea , far as i know , is that the charities then go through the food and throw away the stuff that is n't edible anymore . 
  and frankly , getting sick is better than starving . 
  the `` best before '' dates , after which supermarkets have to throw away things , are calculated in such a way that it is extremely unlikely that the food is spoiled by that date , meaning that the majority of the food is still fine for a while afterwards . 
  for example , i generally buy meat and dairy products when they 're 30-50 % off on the last day of the best before date because i know it 's still good for at least two days afterwards . 
  that ca n't really be changed though , as any change would mean that a bigger percentage of the food would spoil within the best before date , and a lot of people would get sick . 
  personal responsibility is n't injustice . 
  as long as nobody forced them to get drunk time and time again until they could n't stand being sober anymore , or forced that needle into their arm , they made the choice to get addicted . 
  and it is their fault . 
  mental illness , you might have a point there . 
  possibly . 
  still , they made the choice to do drugs instead of visiting a psychiatrist . 
  it 's debatable , but hardly as easy as saying that they are innocent . 
  no , i am absolutely against ethnic cleansing . 
  just switch everything to the german language , promote german culture , and the problem will have solved itself in two or three generations . 
  for austria , mainly south tyrol and the triest area . 
  maybe pula too . 
  the rest of our lost territory i would n't consider parts of austria itself , just other territories of the empire temporarily confused about their allegiance . 
  for germany , prussia would be big of course , along with ... well , [ basically everything else on this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/majiix6.jpg ) . 
  no ethnic cleansing , of course . 
  just a switch to german as the only language , including on streetsigns , only german schools , and a push to promote german culture popular there .
