   the holocaust engineered by nazi germany , they claim , has robbed germany of its ability to be objective on israel well , they 're right . 
  austria was founded by decree of emperor barbarossa , on ancient german land . 
  it * spread * by conquest . 
  and yes , if israel holds that land another few centuries , they gain the right to it . 
  the problem with that is that the settlers are the most rabid zionists of them all . 
  they 're doing the settlements with the purpose of pushing out the palestinians . 
  they would * never * go for that . 
  i do n't like russia either , but honestly , this is n't that uncommon . 
  [ you saw the same thing with us soldiers in iraq for example . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u.s._soldiers_posing_with_body_parts_of_dead_afghans ), 
   that is completely idiotic gratulation , you just understood the majority of the population . 
  i never said it was a good idea , just that it was understandable . 
  as in `` i can perfectly well understand why they are doing it , even if it is wrong to do so '' . 
  [ there was ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zionist_political_violence ) organized violence against arabs in that region before israel became a state . 
  they actually aimed at destroying the palestinian 's chance at getting their state recognized by the un . 
  yes , i would . 
  people identify the people of an ethnicity with the country of that ethnicity . 
  that 's perfectly normal , a lot of people are doing it , and if that country fucks up as hard as russia did , it 's going to make that country 's people unpopular . 
  understandable , but still not a good thing . 
  there 's a difference . 
  if there was no palestine , israel would still be surrounded by arabs that do n't like jews . 
  i 'd call your solution not perfect , but somewhat acceptable . 
  not that the zionists would ever go for it . 
  by serbia , you mean . 
  and yes , stole . 
  tyrol is one , and it is austrian . 
  they left their land a long time ago . 
  now jews have no homeland . 
  they have n't had one for over a thousand years . 
  because israel is founded on massacres and terrorist attacks . 
  because israel still continues to murder the rightful owners of that land to this day . 
  because as long as israel exists , there will never be peace in that region . 
  and they do n't coexist peacefully . 
  i ca n't find it right now , but someone here posted a talk of a former idf soldier a while ago , where he talked about how he and his unit were used to terrorize the palestinian population in israel into silence . 
  i was talking about the german parts they held around the danube and the rhine . 
  then respond in kind . 
  the state i want to disband , the people can stay . 
  we would most likely need to send observers over there to ensure the palestinians are n't treating the jews badly of course . 
  maybe offer a repatriation program for those that do n't want to stay in palestine to return to their ( or their ancestor 's ) country of origin . 
  `` lebensraum '' , really ? 
  you are comparing getting our historical territory back , territory that germans have lived on since the days of the tribes , with invading the east with genocide in mind ? 
  i said '' * parts of * '' for the other countries . 
  italy stole south tyrol from austria , along with triest . 
  poland stole part of germany . 
  russia stole part of germany . 
  france stole parts of germany . 
  that 's what i am talking about . 
   the romans conquered a huge part of europe , does that mean these lands are italian by right ? 
  they did n't hold them long enough , nor did the native german population leave . 
  they just romanized , mostly . 
  as i said : it 'll be easier to get israel to stop murdering palestinians than it is to teach people to stop being stupid . 
  in this case , yes . 
  and the worker should be fired for it . 
  * but * that 's not what the guy i quoted complained about . 
  he complained about the general dislike for jews growing . 
  as i said : misguided . 
  i do n't . 
  they simply stole part of the german land ( i 'd also call switzerland simply a partly german country ) . 
  do n't forget that `` german '' does n't just mean `` citizen of germany '' . 
  [ explained it yesterday in a bit more detail ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2c4qmv/israelgaza_conflict_german_teen_firebombs/cjc2k8l ), 
  he complained that people start disliking jews again . 
  i said he can complain to israel then . 
   and this is tied to the fact that he was refused help how ? 
  hotline worker does n't like jews because he thinks that jews are israel and he does n't like israel . 
  as i said to the reply to someone else : i 'm not saying it is right , but it 's a fact of life . 
  what he can do is call up the israeli embassy and complain , as a jew . 
  he can march in protests against israel . 
  when jews do it it has more impact than with other people , as it makes the fearful see that you do n't have to hate jews to dislike israel . 
  i 'm saying it is understandable that they view israel as an example of all jews , not correct . 
  making israel not murder civilians is a significantly easier task than making people less stupid . 
  it actually can . 
  cancel all trade with it , stop acknowledging it as a state and see palestine as the only legitimate state there . 
  if necessary , send peacekeeping troops to ensure that jews are not discriminated against after israel dies . 
  maybe offer repatriation programs for those that want to return to their or their ancestor 's country of origin . 
   comes amid a string of recent incidents which involved boycotts against jews in belgium since the start of israel 's attack on hamas in gaza on july 8 . 
  boycotts are n't exactly wrong ( assuming they come in the form of not buying from them , not refusing them service ) , although a bit misguided . 
   `` it reminds me of what happened in europe 70 years ago , '' taffel told joods actueel . 
  `` i never thought those days would once again be repeated . '' he can complain to israel then . 
  people view it as the face of jews worldwide , correctly or not . 
  and they do not like what they see , unsurprisingly enough . 
  i meant it as in `` mossad either carries out terror attacks on the west , or supplies terrorists with intel/weapons to do it to show the west that they need the light of israel to save them from the darkness of islam '' a jewish conspiracy would need to involve significantly more people than just the israeli government . 
   the attitude in europe is promoting delegitimization of the state of israel ... always the same shit from israel . 
  ca n't they just stop mingling their `` antisemitism is bad m ` kay '' message with their `` israel is totally awesome '' message ? 
  i dislike israel and i think it should not exist , does n't mean i hate jews . 
   if you do not stand by our side , the day when islamic terror will reach your homes , your beds and your kindergartens will come soon sounds like a threat to me . 
  as in `` islamic terror '' being mossad operations . 
  they 've always shown a great disregard for other nation 's rights . 
   you believe that nations have rights to particular pieces of land , and that the people of those nations inherit the burdens ( be them moral or otherwise ) of their forparents , right ? 
  i believe that ethnicities have a right to their land . 
  nations change , your blood stays the same . 
  that answers your next question as well : for example , if a palestinian comes to germany , i think his rightful home is still palestine . 
  if he then has a child with another palestinian , that child 's home is also palestine . 
  if he has a child with a german , that child 's home is either/or , depending on which qualities are more apparent in the child . 
  if that child has a child with a german , it belongs into germany . 
   for instance , if you are a member of the german people ( s ) , do you have to have descended from a particular ancient german volk/folk in order to become a member of the german nation ? 
  a german is a german in my eyes . 
  the tribes have been so long ago that i highly doubt you can still define a clear difference between them . 
  we defended it plenty properly . 
  we just lost . 
  and it 's only been a few years .
