  nukes say nothing because nukes can not be used . 
  if russia used even one nuke , it 'd end up a nuclear wasteland itself . 
  chances are his twitter account mentioned his work , which brings his workplace in connection with his opinions . 
  you 're right , but that 's not something that 's politically possible in the eu atm . 
  let 's hope it will be in the future so they can face justice . 
  i 'm not sure what hipster `` pagan '' encompasses , but i am quite serious about it and generally not a fan of hipsters . 
  but remembering/celebrating your own country 's history is entirely different from badgering other countries . 
  [ sure ] ( http://www.sacred-texts.com/grim/lks/ ) . 
  it 's the most well-known book on this type of ritual , so it 's the intro most people get . 
  there 's plenty of others too on that site actually , although there 's also plenty you wo n't find online . 
  norse , but the rituals i 'm talking about are n't . 
  tend to be judeo-christian in thought . 
  goetia etc. 
  that one was likely a bonfire and/or a sacrifice for the solstice . 
  personally , i do most of my sacrifices and religious celebrations at home since i want to avoid the conversations with the local priest i had in my old village . 
  but some rituals do require that you 're further away from people , mostly the more delicate evocations and some types of initiatory rites . 
  unfortunately , that does mean that they require fairly obvious circles and get-up . 
  pagan occultist here . 
  do not want to meet one of them during a ritual in the woods . 
  how good then that crimea is n't part of russia . 
  `` half measures '' is the austrian politicians battlecry . 
  they do n't do solutions , they pile half measure on top of half measure until they approximate a 100 % solution . 
  i can just imagine a guy calling the police with `` help , there 's a black guy living above me '' . 
  tip for any black people coming to austria though : there tend to be two types of blacks living here : the ones that are always in really nice clothes ( as in , casual suits minimum ) , and the other ones are in jogging suits . 
  to avoid problems , stay well within the first group . 
  is it fair ? 
  does it work ? 
  yes . 
  never seen a single guy from the first group getting as much as weird looks . 
  and in general , black or white , people are very , very rarely going to step in as long as a confrontation is purely verbal . 
  that does n't mean they approve of it , that just means they just do n't think it 's worth the bother . 
   this new influx of different cultures to such nations will force such states become more tolerant of different cultures because if one thing is for sure the refugees are here and they are here to stay oh , yeah , great . 
  because forced multiculturalism is awesome . 
  and we 'll see about them staying ... 
  i imagine a foot-high wall . 
  i mean , it 's * technically * a barrier . 
   low-intensity civil war how 's that supposed to work ? 
  you shoot each other just a bit ? 
  a no-headshot rule and you stop shooting if you 're pretty sure the other guy is probably gon na be fine if he gets to a hospital in the next hour ? 
  vandalism does not a civil war make , otherwise antifa would 've been in a constant state of civil war since its inception . 
  neither committees nor signature campaigns are usually part of a civil war either . 
  the only thing that could be construed as anything close to it would be a few people acting on their own accord . 
  sure , but that does n't make it more important . 
  someone doing phone-sex over the internet does n't need the line more than me playing an mmo . 
  you forgot the third group , who is n't communist at all and hates him with a fiery passion for bringing the insanity that is communism to the world in the first place . 
   european single market for electronic communications pretty sure that 's it . 
  i do n't see the communists lining up to help out that cemetery , and someone has to work there to not have it eaten up by shrubbery and crumble into dust . 
  i always find it funny when people complain that others are n't doing work for free , but do n't want to help themselves either . 
  emergency , fine . 
  but how is voip in any way more important than other traffic ? 
  i said to send them back home , since they probably would n't have to fear too much from isis , having proven that they 're ideologically not that far apart . 
  and could you please explain which rule my comment broke ? 
  considering it was rather clear which `` people '' i meant , and i actually explained it directly below because someone apparently still misunderstood , i 'd say it ca n't have been the generalizing one . 
  are they still looking for prison guards ? 
  but i 'm sure we can trust this man to report the news objectively / s. 
  putin really has proven that while you can take a man out of the kgb , you ca n't take the kgb out of a man . 
  either that or he 's been possessed by stalin 's ghost . 
   under the new policy russian scientists who write their papers in english ( as is commonly required for publication ) must translate them into russian , because the security service personnel ( apparently ) can not read english ffs , they ca n't even spring for a translator . 
  if you do n't respect your scientist 's achievements enough to let them publish them freely , you could at least respect their time enough to have someone else translate it . 
  he probably means the austrian ( and therefore correct ) school of economics . 
  now , that 's something that 'd impress me to see in nature . 
  that 's a nice way of saying brainwashing the german spirit , german pride , and german strength out of them . 
  of course we should take back our rightful place in the world . 
  europe should rule all , if not for everyone 's good , then at least ours . 
  funniest thing is that above that there 's a picture of them carrying a banner comparing merkel with the secret police of eastern germany . 
  this reminds chancellor faymann of the holocaust . 
   they 'll become a minority . 
   syrians who are white the thing is that most europeans do n't identify themselves as `` white '' , they identify themselves as `` german '' , `` dutch '' , etc. 
  syrians might be white , but [ insert european country ] they aint . 
   as women take advantage of the opportunities that are available to them dunno how familiar you are with more ... strict islam , but in a lot of those families women wo n't take advantage of anything . 
   there 's no reason to think that future generations wo n't become like a lot of young people today in western civilization where they 'll either be muslims , but not nearly devout as their immigrant parents or grandparents there * is * . 
  we have plenty of turks here where exactly that is the case . 
   chances of people wanting to visit him from outside prison ? 
  zero . 
  you clearly have never been on / pol / . 
  although that 's probably not the ideal visits either . 
  well , yeah , getting shot at will make most people stressed and also tends to lead to fatigue . 
  i am disappointed they did n't call it the viking party there . 
  he definitely is the most entertaining mass murderer in recent years , since manson quieted down . 
  they can quickly become an existential threat when they start rioting because there 's no money anymore and the natives are rioting too because the migrants get the few jobs there are . 
   nobody official is doing anything of course nobody official is doing anything . 
  calais is not an offical camp . 
  nobody wants to encourage calais becoming bigger than it already is . 
  nobody wants it even to exist . 
  it 's a base for borderjumpers , nothing more . 
  frankly , those volunteers should be prosecuted as accomplices . 
  they 're encouraging them to borderhop and in many instances making it possible in the first place . 
  merkel really , * really * needs to lose her office before she fucks over europe completely . 
  what is she trying to accomplish with all of this ? 
  does she want to be remembered as the last eu leader before the dark ages 2.0 descended ? 
  you ca n't just stuff a continent full of barely educated migrants with a vastly different culture and language while the world economy might already be going down the toilet . 
  if the economy crashes , europe will go with it if we take in any more . 
  sweden is very rich , they can afford to share other 's wealth . 
  most humans are social animals . 
  not talking probably is n't going to happen . 
  cutting benefits would be good . 
  jesus watches and jesus likes anal . 
  considering the complete failure of the austrian school system to do that so far , i 'm not particularly hopeful for a more subtle approach . 
  in the end , a sledgehammer approach is better than failure . 
  they need to get their license taken and be barred from any medical job forever .
