  because russia has about as much a chance against nato as it has in starting a mars colony . 
  define `` we '' . 
  putin is n't going to attack the eu or nato , so if we just sit still , we 're going to be fine . 
  for the eastern european countries not in nato/eu ... well , if i 'd live there , i 'd start learning russian . 
  why would europe mobilize * anything * if putin marched into kiev ? 
  do we have any agreements with ukraine ? 
  way to go austria . 
  why is it so high in slovakia though ? 
  a cat . 
  she gives no shits . 
  if i feed her , i get to pet her . 
  if not , she hunts on her own . 
  cats are awesome . 
  in a war , even support roles will eventually see combat . 
  [ male and female brains ] ( http://www.the-scientist.com/?articles.view/articleno/38539/title/male-and-female-brains-wired-differently/ ) are different . 
  it 's been proven . 
  men and women have preferred different tasks all through history . 
  from hunter-gatherers to modern western society , women and men want to occupy different roles . 
  and those preferred roles are largely identical . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://www.dana.org/cerebrum/2014/equal_%e2%89%a0_the_same__sex_differences_in_the_human_brain/ ) is a more expansive article on the issue . 
  not suspiciously like it . 
  i * am * a sexist , if by that you mean i see the natural differences in the preferences of men and women , and want them to be able to act on them . 
  i do not think women are worth less . 
  they are simply different . 
  most women naturally prefer having more time with their families . 
  that 's not society , that 's them . 
  men and women are different . 
  nothing can change that , not even the current push society is giving everyone towards acting against their instincts and making everyone unhappy in the process . 
  the wage gap is a myth . 
  women are paid equally for equal work , they just tend to * choose * lower-paying careers , opt to do less overtime , and prioritize family time higher than career time . 
  men are stronger . 
  we protect our women . 
  just because the benefits of that have somewhat gone down in recent years does not mean we should not fulfill our duty . 
  i saw wine with hitler 's face on it when i was last in rome . 
  nearly bought it . 
  then they are genetically predisposed towards being an idiot . 
  and yes , my view of drug-addicts is the same . 
  and alcoholics too . 
  i found that always very odd . 
  it 's a good way for the gods to show their favor , is n't it ? 
  because i 'd have made a vow not to . 
  a man is n't worth more than his word . 
  goes for women too , now that i think about it . 
  considering the amount of people that do it , i would n't say everyone sees it as unacceptable . 
  it separates idiots from their money , and said idiots then move on to blame the system instead of themselves for losing all their money . 
  i have less of a problem with her leaving than her not leaving and just banging others . 
  and you are trying to push the radical anti-theists away from the atheism you identify with . 
  a radical atheist that is not content in not believing and requires everyone else not to believe either is an anti-theist . 
  but what he thinks and does , is no less motivated by atheism than simply not believing in a god . 
  communism * is * an atheist system . 
  being an atheist and a communist does not conflict in any way . 
   really ? 
  bring me an example of something done in the name of atheism and motivated by atheism . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_christians_in_the_soviet_union ), 
  stalin died for our sins ? 
  note : do n't marry a french woman . 
  maybe it 's different in your country . 
  we also have some integrated third generation ones of course , but i would n't say they are the majority . 
  they are n't religious here either , not really . 
  they drink alcohol while demanding their sisters keep their headscarves , they aggressively pursue local women while threatening non-muslims wanting to go out with their sisters ... hypocrites , essentially . 
  they are only religious when it fits them . 
  if only it were so . 
  third generation immigrants are the worst here . 
  the first generation put a lot of effort into integrating , but was n't fully able to , the second felt torn , the third decided to make a shitty mix between their old culture and this one that 'd offend both the people back in their homeland and the people here . 
  assimilation served rome well enough for a whole millennium . 
  well , a variant of it . 
  a country needs a common thing that is shared by all cultures within it , so the people feel a sense of belonging together . 
  otherwise it is weak and splintered into local factions . 
  many immigrants are n't adapting local values , which leads to them not following laws and harassing people . 
  if you can find a way for them to adapt local values and keep their culture , it would already be a start . 
  in my country , there 's also nigerians , which are christian . 
  they still form gangs and do n't integrate properly . 
  the problem is n't the religion , the problem is that a lot of immigrants refuse to follow the local culture , or even laws . 
  i do n't think the religion of someone has a big influence on if he assimilates or not . 
  islam is n't , immigrants that do n't want to assimilate are . 
  it just happens that a lot of them are muslim . 
  i do n't think the religion has much to do with it . 
  of course . 
  the eu * should * grow , we just need to sort out our own problems before we take on the task of bringing in new economies and growing them . 
  stabilizing the southern countries that are already in and having giant problems right now will take a lot of resources . 
   you 're expressly permitted to eat non-halal if there 's no halal available from what a muslim explained to me a while ago , that 's only if you are literally starving to death . 
  you do n't get pork though . 
  delicious , delicious pork . 
  i do n't care much about the nazis . 
  i 'm a monarchist . 
  had america not made us lose the first war , there never would have been a second . 
  and russia did not fight to the end in the first war . 
  and neither do i like russia . 
  our choices are just russia or the us , and i 'll never side with the us . 
  yes , we are in the european union . 
  and it is time for the eu to move closer to russia and away from us manipulations . 
  at least russia is obvious about their manipulation . 
  we do n't fuck with anyone 's energy security . 
  others are free to develop their own solutions . 
  true . 
  but you can throw them out . 
  trying to get here for better conditions is not for safety reasons , but for economic ones . 
   they can learn it ... 
  yes , which costs money .
