  thanks . 
  do you have a more complete picture of the red one ? 
  i wan na see what they have against m\u00e4nnerb\u00fcnde . 
  the burschenschaften are nazis , but the corps seem nice enough . 
  against the eu and immigration it seems . 
  right-wingers had a peaceful protest . 
  counter-protesters came and threw stones at the police overseeing the right-wing protest . 
  counter-protesters sit in the way of the licensed right-wing protest . 
  knowing the left-wingers that usually show up to such protests , i would n't be surprised if everyone of the injured ones actually attacked the police , the pregnant woman just expecting to be able to do it without consequences because of her condition . 
   the most commonly held anti-semitic belief in switzerland was that `` jews talk too much about what happened to them in the holocaust '' , seen as `` probably true '' by one in two respondents . 
  that is because they do . 
  and that 's not anti-semitic . 
  every time you say something against israel , they bring out the holocaust . 
   according to the results , 48 percent of swiss believe it is probably true that `` jews are more loyal to israel than to switzerland '' us jews pretty much offer proof for this . 
  a giant amount of zionism going on there . 
   people hate jews because of the way jews behave and maybe they 'd be more popular if they did n't have a flagrant disregard for other nation 's sovereignty ( like sending the mossad all around the world kidnapping and murdering people ) , or if they did n't build settlements in palestine , or if they did n't bomb apartment blocks with civilians . 
  like it or not , the nation of an ethnicity has a representative value . 
  plenty of eastern europeans were n't ( or are n't ) too fond of germans either . 
  well , we have [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8n_kmgvjxk ) guys . 
  hated them at first , but then i noticed that they were n't 100 % serious . 
  then we have the [ eav ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py2b-aetknm ) ( there 's more modern songs too ) , which i 'd say are one of the best bands austria has had . 
  and of course there 's [ alkbottle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua_tfk9azla ) for those that like a bit of metal . 
  they 're actually really good too . 
  the latter two are actually good examples of the great austrian music videos too . 
  and when talking about austrian music videos you ca n't forget to mention [ falco 's wiener blut ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omrwcix41sy ) . 
  very austrian . 
  the hre , controlled by the habsburg dynasty , controlled all german principalities until the french destroyed it . 
  south tyrol is undeniably austrian and thereby german . 
  the people there actually want back to austria iirc . 
  all except the italians italy has moved there so they do n't try and referendum out . 
  german , english , latin ( a bit ) , used to speak * very * basic norse , and i 'm currently learning italian , although just brushing up on my latin would basically do the same thing . 
  we are ethnically germans , not culturally . 
  and of course the germans would n't join us . 
  austria is the german principality that should rule the germans , not the others . 
  the holy roman emperors were ( mostly ) austrian . 
  we ruled historically over the german principalities , so it is only logical that we should again . 
   so it 's not about that that the local could n't survive with the same amount of money that the immigrant is being paid . 
  the local ca n't feed his family that is also living here , the immigrant can feed his family back home . 
  he is already here , the immigrant is n't . 
  should we start deporting our natives and replace them with immigrants ? 
  not everyone is made equal . 
  some people are less intelligent than others . 
  what to do with the people that are simply incapable of anything more than unskilled labor ? 
  i respect the trials that they faced in getting here , but that does n't change the fact that the shitty job they 're working here could 've been worked by a jobless local . 
  nor does it help said jobless local . 
  i am sure you can explain that to the native low-skill workers that are already having difficulty finding a job . 
  agreed . 
  throwing out fellow eu citizens is worrying and has the potential to fuck up the whole union . 
  i kinda get the german idea of throwing out immigrants that ca n't find a job though . 
  might be better to just cut all benefits to them instead of throwing them out . 
  it 'd give them a chance at least . 
   i 'm not sure you can give us a source for that statement . 
  i can [ give you this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-17512040 ) . 
  the worldwide average wage is # 6,273 / year . 
  that 's 7700 $ . 
  not exactly much . 
  could you survive on that ? 
   so , as long as you are all right , it does n't matter what happens to others ? 
  i value people like this : family - friends - me - locals ( this town ) - austrians - eu-citizens - europeans - others . 
  the first three are more or less on the same level , and `` others '' means i do n't care much about them , meaning i do n't necessarily want to see them hurt , but i certainly wo n't put much ( or any ) work into not seeing it happen if it does . 
  they are criminals . 
  that 's why it 's called * illegal * immigrant . 
  that 's why we try to get them shipped back to where they came from . 
  of course they can apply for asylum at their local consulate , or even citizenship . 
  if they do not have the time to wait and go through proper channels , that is unfortunate for them , but hardly our fault . 
   i mean , as long as we europeans get to have jobs , warm homes and a new car every year , everything is all right . 
  you can not help everyone . 
  there 's a lot of poor people on this earth . 
  if we spread our resources evenly , it 'd just have the effect of making us all poor . 
   if you want to vote for your local far right next week , go for it . 
  the local far right is also against useful immigrants , so no . 
  i do not judge people by race , i judge them by their usefulness . 
   before you claim people are criminals just because they want a fraction of the chances you got by being born in the better side of a border the place of their birth is , again , unfortunate for them , but hardly my fault either . 
  i know that i am privileged , even for the first world , but i do n't see how that is an argument for anything . 
  the laws are followed , most of them are n't touching our soil . 
  and the law in this case should really be changed . 
   respecting the rights that migrants * illegal * immigrants . 
  criminals . 
   access to asylum they are free to apply at their local consulate , or any other consulate outside of europe for that . 
  they do not . 
  they instead try to get here illegally . 
   the basic philosophy of eu migration policy can be expressed simply : to keep them out , make life as unpleasant as possible for those who do arrive , get rid of them quickly if you can , and if you ca n't , then detain them for as long as possible . 
  because they are a drain on our social systems . 
  they do not speak the local language , they do not have a proper education , they do not have any money to care for themselves , and they have a very different culture . 
  so the state has to care for them , teach them the basics so they can at least get a shitty job , and then it has to teach them our culture and values , and respect for our laws as well . 
  that 's a lot of money . 
  money that we wo n't see again for another few generations , when their kids have grown up and gained better jobs . 
  if they do n't decide to move somewhere else of course . 
   summary returns , in some cases violent something tells me that most of those `` violent '' returns simply needed more force because the illegal immigrants refused to comply with police orders . 
   greece built a fence , which eu border guards help to patrol , making its land border with turkey much harder to cross what , are we meant to * help * illegal immigrants now with crossing our borders ? 
  maybe we should replace the fence with welcome mats and a nice buffet ? 
  these illegal immigrants are a threat to our prosperity . 
  we already have rising unemployment numbers , especially among lower-skilled workers . 
  we do not have the jobs for local workers , we ca n't just take in more and more of them . 
  the people already here , the local people , must come first in our considerations . 
  i bet the best koreans are taking notes right now . 
  they do n't need to be charmed now . 
  they could 've been involved years ago and have been forced to pay them for silence ever since . 
  and considering some of the other stuff surrounding that case ... there 's a fair chance at least a few people in higher positions in the police * are * currently charmed by neo-nazis . 
  [ yeah , that was it .
