  creating art also counts as work , but you have to sell it to be worth something , which would count as self-employment . 
  yes , someone who ca n't support himself and has never supported himself is most likely not just worthless , but a drain of resources , providing negative value to society . 
   sizeable portion of your population 5 % . 
   i do n't think you should be encouraging anyone to procreate . 
  is n't seven billion enough ? 
  europe needs more births , africa and asia need less . 
  all of your suggestions sound good to me . 
  i 'm certainly not urban though . 
  we definitely need more teaching of our classical myths in my country . 
  we did more on the greeks and romans than we did on the german gods . 
  i 'm guessing that 's a relic of denazification . 
  generally more support for our traditional culture would be good , maybe at the cost of non-traditional things . 
  i also think rent control should be less strict , or done away with completely . 
  i see no reason why i should n't be able to demand whatever i want for rent . 
  it is my property , and the state should not be able to tell me what to do with it beyond safety regulations . 
  while we are at the state staying out of private property , smoking bans should be repealed too . 
   fucked up ideals , are somewhat working peoples kids worth less ? 
  you should n't have kids if you ca n't support them . 
  that 's not about the kid 's worth , it 's about the parent 's . 
   it 's better to support innovative jobs in high tech market , that will create more wealth . 
  ca n't disagree with you there , but smaller farms are important to not get dependent on giant corporations that can starve you if you do things they do n't like . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ might ^ ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ ^ own ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ farm  gay marriage is about equality give it the exact same benefits , just call it differently . 
  you please the conservatives and the gays at the same time . 
  no reason not to . 
  wait , what ? 
  scotland is said to have bad food ? 
  a ) he 's an attention whore that noticed that this drag-thing gives his shitty music more attention . 
  b ) he 's paraded over the media here . 
  a lot . 
  and he has been before , since he won some austrian song contest thing a few years back . 
  they are n't the only ones ... 
  if you feel capable of murdering someone , you 're an adult in my eyes . 
  14 and 15 year olds are plenty old enough to murder people . 
  and if they plan on doing it , they should be treated as adults . 
   both girls have been released on bail is it really wise to release people conspiring to murder until trial ? 
  korea would be a lot worse . 
  more brainwashed population , less infrastructure , less food , less education , and it 's running longer than the ddr ever did . 
  this means they need to employ * more * breasts next year . 
   something abnormal in a person in general it is . 
  but being abnormal is n't necessarily negative . 
  sorry for those assholes . 
  wait ... people were personally mean to you because you 're american ? 
  that 's a bunch of bs . 
  and i say that as one of the biggest america-haters you can find in this sub . 
  yes . 
  they 're still hot . 
  gay people can adopt too . 
  saying they have children does n't necessarily mean they were involved in their creation . 
  i already said : we do n't get enough children . 
   besides , they are only a small part of the population yes , but if children raised by them would become homosexual too , they 'd multiply real quickly . 
   if you want to solve that particular problem , you should ban birth control , force women to have more children or a hundred other things that is all despicable things . 
  you ca n't force people to have children . 
  also , i did n't say it was a good study . 
  i simply said that 's the two studies i found in google about gay parents . 
  are you even reading what i 'm writing before calling me a homophobe ? 
  i have nothing against gay people . 
  have sex with whoever you want . 
  it does n't matter to me . 
  hell , reading your studies has even convinced me that i was wrong . 
  gay parents do n't make children gay . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.markregnerus.com/uploads/4/0/6/5/4065759/regnerus_july_2012_ssr.pdf ) the study i mean . 
   even if a parent influenced their childrens sexual orientation , why would it be a problem at all ? 
  gay people ca n't get children the natural way . 
  we already have less births than needed . 
  if the gay part of the population grows , we 'll have less and less . 
  and over a few centuries/millenia , we 'd die out . 
  and i have absolutely nothing against gays . 
  it simply seems logical to assume that anything that is far out of the norm in a child 's upbringing might cause problems . 
   straight people have gay children all the time . 
  does n't mean that it is n't a problem in their upbringing that makes them gay or that having gay parents does n't influence it . 
  can you link me to the study about sexual orientation ? 
  the only ones i see are the one that says gay people 's children are fine , and another one that says the exact opposite . 
  nothing about orientation though . 
  because age ratings can be used as a way to sneak a ban in . 
  say , x is part of the curriculum for the 4th grade . 
  if they slap an age rating of 5th grade + on a book concerning some facets of x , it probably wo n't be taught anymore . 
  i dislike that it sets a precedent . 
  they could ban certain history books from school next , or political texts . 
  true . 
  but are they really better off with gay parents ? 
  kids imitate their parents . 
  i ca n't see how the kid would turn out not gay , or have a normal childhood . 
  any studies about gay parents around ? 
  do their kids turn out the usual 95 % straight ? 
  parents should be able to go over what books kindergartens and pre-schools use and tell them to not have their kid listen to/read some of them . 
  if they do n't do that , it 's on them . 
  on the one had , banning books is stupid . 
  really stupid . 
  on the other hand , i get where they 're coming from . 
  i would n't want any children of mine being exposed to these things so early on either . 
  plenty of time to hear about that when they 're teenagers , more mature , and less impressionable . 
  why not leave the book selection to parents ? 
  it 's their job to make sure their children do n't consume media unfit for them , not the government 's . 
  artificial insemination and all those other options cost money . 
  not everyone can afford them . 
  not often , no . 
  how would they ? 
  there 's no natural way , only through artificial means can they get children . 
   hotter ones matter of taste . 
  i prefer the russian ones .
