i would n't be so sure . 
  if you wipe out the whole country , there are n't going to be many children whose parents have been killed left , since children usually are with their parents . 
  and a demonstration of what the west can do if we choose to might actually serve as a wake-up call to extremists as they see that they are entirely chanceless . 
  yes , they 'd hate us . 
  but would they ever say as much as a bad word about us without shitting themselves in fear ? 
  note : i 'm not saying this is morally justifiable ( yes , look at me talking about morals ) and definitely not that it should be done . 
  she 's old enough to know very well what she was doing . 
  and what she was doing is join a well-known mass murder organization . 
  it 's really time we started banning salafists . 
  supplying them is definitely a good start , but i really think we should assist ukraine in cleaning up with actual manpower . 
  i am sure that 's going to help rid ukraine of russian soldiers . 
  both were far more technologically advanced than the african countries to start with , and both of them had the capital to modernize on their own . 
  european colonialism has given them technology and infrastructure . 
  it was them that wanted independence too early and that destroyed it all because they simply were n't ready yet . 
  the rebels begging the west to help them out . 
  syria is different , the rebels have a lot more support there than they had in libya . 
  and even there , without western support the rebels would 've been beaten by now and peace restored . 
  largely at least . 
  if we had n't done anything , gaddafi would have reestablished order in a short time . 
  ca n't shoot bombers with an ak . 
  you mean essentially giving the area over to gangs ? 
  a unified government that occasionally kills a few people is better than a constant gangwar . 
  also in pretty much the whole rest of the world . 
  and in africa 's case , white people did n't even do the enslaving because they 'd die in the inner parts of the continent . 
  if he wants to start that argument , what about the several thousand scots that died for independence over the centuries ? 
  i mean , there were 20000 scots fighting for independence in one war , and there were multiple of those . 
  does their memory not matter because they were on the wrong side ? 
   some of the `` 5,000 '' facebook friends she had amassed turned out to be members of far-right organisations that 's some heavy proof the antifascists have there . 
  good . 
  that crazy fuck can stay far , far away from europe . 
  i just hope she does n't change her mind once the us starts its bombing campaign . 
  i 'm all for stopping support for israel , but they are not isis . 
  not even close . 
  it sounds like an old-timey word for toilet . 
  which kind of fits , i suppose . 
  did the jews commit mass murder/rape at the time ? 
  then do n't compare the two . 
  muslims are currently committing far worse crimes than far right extremists , and just a few countries away . 
  the threat of islamic extremism is a real one . 
  the threat of the far right to our society is negligible right now ( not counting hungary ) . 
  does anyone know the explanation for the many deaths surrounding the vampires ? 
  i know the state of the bodies is easily explainable , but how did the deaths happen ? 
  russian agression because ukraine wanted a better future . 
  which is why i am for nato troops in ukraine to help them take back their land and show russia that their times are over once and for all . 
  otherwise , we might end up with russia pushing into other countries too , like they 've already started with estonia . 
  and the unemployed are n't impoverished ? 
  and if not now , what then in a few decades ? 
  hitler was a bit hard on the reds , but i 'll agree with arresting actively revolutionary communists any day . 
  yeah , let 's coddle the murderers and rapists . 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  maybe you should give them 100000 $ for leaving isis too while you 're at it . 
  maybe a nice yacht . 
  and yes , let 's help their families with talking to them . 
  i mean , what 's the worst that regular contact with a radical big brother could do to small children ? 
  this has pretty much convinced me that modern western civilizations has become too soft . 
  that somebody seriously considers asking mass murders if they need fucking help instead of locking them up ... that 's ... no . 
  this civilization will die if it goes on like this . 
  and it 'll be well deserved . 
  everyone returning should be arrested and investigated and if it is found that he even as much as touched a gun , he should never see the light of day , or his family , again . 
   otherwise we have a principle that no information goes to the secret service because we ca n't work with people if they think we are passing on information and this guy should be arrested for collaboration . 
   young people without any training should n't be going to syria . 
  people from denmark are not equipped to handle themselves in a conflict zone oh , so * that 's * the reason we should n't massacre people . 
  we do n't have the training . 
   do n't make them feel that they have done something wrong . 
  * but they have . 
  *  or you can take the inclusive way and say , okay , there is always a door if you want to be a contributing member to society they have already decided to not use their chance to become a productive member of society and went to murder infidels instead . 
  they are worthless . 
  no , worse than worthless . 
  worthless would just mean they contribute nothing , but these people actively take away from society . 
   there are gemrans that are worse with knowing anything about our culture than a few germans i know which is why i think we should concentrate on this a lot more in school . 
   how do you really define german culture today we must look to the past for this , to what was considered german culture a 100 years ago and rebuild from that , and then focus on this in school . 
  i have absolutely nothing against immigrants , as long as they follow our laws , culture , and provide a benefit to our society . 
  but to me , they are guests , not germans . 
  their children however could become german . 
  i 'd consider a 50 % german sufficiently german to call himself a german . 
   also we should consider immigration reforms , and try to do a better job of integration i 'm with you there , except i 'd say we should focus on assimilation , not just integration . 
  imho , you should n't be able to differentiate between a german and an immigrant just by their actions . 
  nations were founded on a shared ancestry , culture , and language . 
  all of those three . 
  and , yes , german lands are the homelands of the germans , people with german ancestry . 
  yes , that goes even farther than op . 
  the french are not german . 
  the british are not german . 
  luther was declared a heretic and was to be punished accordingly , which i 'm pretty sure meant death . 
  i 'd say that 's a tad harsher than sending them back home . 
  a violent leftist group that goes around beating people up that disagree with them and vandalizing property . 
  `` he was inside of our border , right after we dragged him over . '', 
  russia would be a great comedy show if it was n't real . 
  i 'd say the guys going around trying to threaten people into obeying the laws of their religion are the oppressors here . 
  they are carrying out their duty and an accident happened . 
  this guy just randomly decided to murder a bunch of guys . 
  military bases basically always have at least some civilians on them . 
  not to mention that blowing them up is generally done by driving a car bomb in there . 
  hardly a collateral-damage reducing way to kill people . 
  he is a terrorist and wanted to murder a lot of innocent people . 
  he does not deserve to be released again . 
  actually , he deserves a very short jail sentence followed by a short time of looking at a wall . 
  nah , the missiles grew on the ukrainian missile fields . 
  they 're right next to their apc and tank farms , where the young armored vehicles roam free on the big pastures and slowly grow big along with their parents . 
  * sigh * i should start stitching crosses on my clothing , should n't i ?
