  i remember the [ wu ] ( http://www.wu.ac.at/prospective/en/admission/international ) has admissions ~ ~ until the 15th of mai ~ ~ between 2 . 
  april and 15 . 
  june 2014 . 
  costs 762 $ / semester apparently . 
  good luck with your study plans btw . 
  china just dislikes everyone equally . 
  since austria is n't on there : i ca n't speak for the whole country , but the general opinion in my family is that jews are good businessmen that you do n't do business with because you ca n't trust their word , and muslims are a public nuisance and lazy . 
  personally , nothing against jews , they 're generally good people . 
  it 's just too bad they sent all the shitty ones to govern israel . 
  as for the muslims ... we have an integration problem , definitely . 
  i liked them before , what with not bowing to the us . 
  well , i like them less now , but ukraine was also a show of force . 
  they 've shown they still got it in them , and i really ca n't help but admire their guts . 
  because there 's too many people . 
  if you care about all of them , you 're just going to fuck yourself up . 
  and ? 
  there 's a lot of people , ca n't care about everyone . 
  it 's apparently an app that lets you call for one of their drivers to pick you up . 
  what i do n't get is what the difference to a normal taxi service is and why they think they do n't have to comply with normal taxi regulations . 
   force them to turn around , yes . 
   in that case you might as well shoot them anyways because you 're killing them . 
  no , they 've killed themselves by deciding to try and cross the ocean in a boat that is n't seaworthy . 
   you want to turn back people who are risking their lives to come here and live a better life . 
  wanting or hoping for something does n't make it a right . 
  if we let them in , they 're a huge drain on society because we 'd need to educate them before they 're useful , and feed them all the while because they ca n't get a job without education and knowing the language . 
   you think if they were safe or it they could live where they were from they 'd go to such extreme measures to get here ? 
  why should it be our responsibility to help them ? 
  we have no relationship with these people . 
  none . 
  we do n't share a culture , we do n't share a language , we do n't share ancestors . 
  there is simply no moral obligation to help them . 
  a country is there to serve its citizens , it is n't a charity . 
  having them camp in nomansland between two borders might be an idea though . 
  just until the crisis in their homecountry has run its way . 
   the problems commonly attested to be caused by immigrants being different tend to rather be problems rather caused by poverty and lack of opportunity . 
  yes , and both poverty and lack of opportunity are caused by immigrants not speaking the local language properly and not having a competitive education . 
  immigration should only go to those that already speak the language of a country , and with relevant skills . 
  future immigration needs to be regulated more * because * there 's problems with the current immigrants . 
  that 's two related issues . 
  the current ones will be assimilated over time , as long as not too many new ones come after . 
  that being said , the eu really is n't too much of a problem as it is now . 
  did n't know planes came packaged . 
  why do some policemen have white lettering on their shields and some golden ? 
  because if that 's rank insignia , that 's stupid . 
   they were protesting in favor of affordable housing and plans for new labor regulations which would make firing and hiring easier well , at least the latter part sounds like a good idea . 
  makes it possible for businesses to bounce back faster , and without having to worry about then having trouble firing new workers that turn out to be lazy . 
  it also includes austria . 
  there 's no way we could agree to attack anyone . 
  very loving , considering that they love to report on 14 year olds drinking themselves into a coma . 
  generally , it 's no big deal . 
  young people drink , no problem . 
  i tasted my first beer when i was about six . 
  the problem only starts when some morons ca n't stop drinking before they are completely shitfaced . 
  like a year or two ago there was basically every day some teenager that had drunk himself into unconsciousness/death in the papers . 
  it 's cooled down recently though . 
  now there 's less of that , but people have started to be more conscious about it . 
   what are your thoughts about break away regions that did not identify nor wanted to remain under the austrian empire ? 
  `` indivisibiliter ac inseparabiliter '' the emperor was the only one with the authority to decide if the empire should be split up , and he was under duress . 
  therefore , the regions breaking away was illegal . 
  their sentiments were understandable though . 
  not enough efforts had been made to construct and popularize an austrian culture , rather than the culture of the different regions just kinda sitting besides each other . 
   what of today 's austria ? 
  our politicians are incompetent , corrupt , or both . 
  i am for a return of our emperor to the throne . 
  a monarchy gives stability , and the habsburgs have never been anything but good for this country . 
  a monarch is also nigh incorruptible as his personal fate is bound to the fate of his realm . 
   also , for the ending , i would expect a rerun of some central european alliance , surrounded by countries with opposing interests wanting to take whatever austria has i was more thinking about some bigger country going to war with some other bigger country and just rolling over us without really noticing . 
  republican traitors forced our emperor to dissolve the empire after we lost a war . 
  then followed a period of democracy , with the private armies of the parties fighting in the streets of the capital . 
  then came a dictator , who then got shot by the supporters of the dictator that took over after him . 
  then we lost another war . 
  did n't get bombed all to hell thanks to the son of our emperor . 
  got our own state thanks to the son of our emperor . 
  the son of our emperor then got kicked out of the country by the politicians of our new state . 
  as for the end , we 'll either get swallowed up by someone if another war comes , because we are tiny and our army is shit , or form a us-style country with the eu . 
  jesus * was * a jew though . 
  so even if he commited suicide , a jew would have killed jesus . 
  i know all that - but just them not being for the us is enough for me to give them a bit better opinion . 
   does north korea get a `` boost '' from you because they are anti us ? 
  yes . 
  does n't mean i like them . 
   also , whether a war was won or lost should not affect it 's legitimacy . 
  no , but war-entry because some of your citizens were stupid enough to be on a ship carrying war-material does . 
  yeah . 
  but you can hardly call pearl harbor an illegitimate reason to go to war . 
  i might be slightly pissed about them bombing some things my family owned though . 
  yep . 
  austrian , but i really do n't like the us . 
  that alone gives russia a boost in my opinion . 
  yeah , they invaded ukraine . 
  yeah , they arrest dissidents on trumped up charges . 
  but at least they did n't make us lose a war they had no business being in . 
  i still would n't call russia good . 
  i 'm just on the fence . 
  i 'd think so . 
  i mean , the uk is in the eu , so if it gets bigger , they should join too , right ? 
  yeah , and i am sure he 'd have done the country a whole load of good , trying to buy his way into politics , running his party like a corporation , and fucking off again before the election results where even in . 
  yes , we would also be america 's bitch . 
  no way is the us going to join anything that they do n't control . 
  they are n't european .
