  they are free to re-join the uk as a colony though . 
  or austria . 
  we never had a colony before , that 'd be nice . 
  i believe that might qualify as a crime against humanity . 
  feel free to do so . 
  they , or their parents , chose to do this . 
  it is not our fault if they drown and it is not our responsibility to let them in to prevent it . 
  the american policy of `` born here , you 're a citizen '' is highly open to abuse . 
  besides , nations come from the thought that groups with similar ancestry and culture belong together . 
  makes much more sense to have only the children of citizens be citizens ( unless you apply for citizenship of course ) . 
  make legally immigrating very , very easy ... for people with skillsets that are in demand and that speak the language . 
  uneducated people that do n't even speak the language need a huge investment by the state to become useful to the economy . 
   leave the people in the middle of the sea to drown ? 
  yes . 
  they are n't our responsibility . 
  if they want in , they can apply for citizenship from their local consulates . 
   you ca n't deport them anywhere without proof sure you can . 
  just find a place that ca n't say no . 
  i 'm sure libya would be happy to have them in exchange for some weapons . 
  of course we would be . 
  we would n't run after them to shoot them , we would n't surprise them , we 'd just clearly tell them the rules of `` if you cross that line , i have to shoot you '' . 
  that 's not even comparable to walking into a city and shooting people because of their job or burning people in a cage . 
  what 's missing in neocolonialism as opposed to the old colonialism is the pure brutality . 
  the british burned down a whole city because three of their people got tortured . 
  punishment expeditions , etc. 
  that kind of thing is pretty much impossible to sell to your own population nowadays , and without it colonialism is next to impossible . 
   the roman empire also accepted essentially anyone who was willing to submit to roman authority the point of that sentence is `` authority '' . 
  rome and all these other empires had a huge cultural authority . 
  people got shunned from society if they did n't conform . 
  good luck trying that nowadays , where trying to get them to assimilate is racist . 
  the problem lies with us being open for migrants in the first place . 
  we should make it very clear that no eu country will take any refugees that are n't from a country directly bordering the eu and can prove it . 
  everyone else gets immediately deported . 
  hopefully by right-wing parties getting elected all over europe that end this insanity . 
  sadly , this will probably tear the eu apart as most of those are anti-eu , but it 's better to start anew from a better foundation than continue the current situation . 
  or it takes a bit longer to get those elected , and the immigrants become a strong enough force to make trouble , in which case a short riot phase/civil war ( depending on how strong they are ) will happen , but nothing really threatening . 
  or , worst case , we let in people for years as we do now and slowly get pushed out of our own countries . 
  the last few winters have n't been cold though . 
  chances are this wo n't be either . 
  i just do n't get people who base their politics on emotion . 
  yeah , the girl cried . 
  but it was n't merkel that refused her , it was established rules everyone has to live by . 
  we ca n't just go breaking rules because some girl cries . 
  her crying does n't make her family 's claim any more valid than it was before . 
   morality morality is relative . 
  there 's no such thing as universal morals . 
   ageing europe , fertility there 's already estimates that the current generation will have eliminated aging before they die . 
  we might become quite literally immortal . 
  plus we 're going to need a lot less workers with increased robotization . 
  less people are a blessing , not a curse . 
  and even if that were n't so , we could still use the money spent on them to give natives who choose to have families bonuses and better services so having kids is n't a career killer anymore . 
  state-sponsored childcare from the cradle to highschool . 
   diversity the us also has some of the highest crime statistics in the first world . 
  they 're the biggest ( not only , unless you do n't count china , which is fairly homogeneous ) superpower because they profited madly off wwii because they were the only first world country who did n't get bombed to hell . 
  diversity encourages nothing but tension between ethnic groups as humans are tribalistic by nature . 
  that 's not a problem that can be solved that easily and the us certainly has n't accomplished that ( proof : blm movement )  patriotism yeah , we can already see how well that worked out with the turks . 
  they 'll be told of how awesome their homecountry was by parents that forgot the bad parts , then they 'll grow up with a culture that 's not the local culture and feel alienated ( even if it 's just a bit ) , feel drawn to their native country , and boom , you have a foreign nationalist with a domestic citizenship . 
  why not make an effort to make the natives more patriotic ? 
  national/eu hymns every day in school , learn about how awesome we are instead of how evil , etc. 
   eastern europe is dying seems like another reason for a closer eu , a united european country . 
  you can , but it 's a lot heavier than a baseball bat , which means you 'll kill the other guy faster . 
  less fun in bashing him that way . 
  tire irons are too heavy to really have fun beating someone with . 
  they 're there for really smashing someone 's skull in a few hits . 
  plus with a baseball bat you can always say you are just on your way to a game of sportsball . 
  yeah , i 'm laughing my ass off at the notion of salt evaporating . 
  maybe i should start flavoring my meals with gaseous salt . 
  seriously though , chances are that if it happened he drank urine because it 's much easier to filter . 
  of course you would n't really want to admit that to a reporter . 
  you can always just cut a lot of these costs if they do n't integrate . 
  do n't wan na learn german ? 
  well , looks like your room will go to someone who does , here 's a tent and sleeping bag . 
  also , your ration from now on is vitamin-fortified rice . 
  you get actual decisions rather than halway solutions because they do n't get discussed to death . 
  plus we have a royal house with a long and good track record of not producing batshit insane offspring , which tends to help . 
  our constitution is n't as snippy as you might think , and it tends to come down to interpretation . 
  the vast majority of turkey is n't in europe . 
  plus the turk people that conquered the byzantine empire were n't from europe either . 
   tartar 's , bosnian 's , albanian 's european , although i know for a fact that the latter two have been forcefully converted by , you guessed it , the ottomans . 
   and the christians are not european either , as christianity was originally from the middle east too ? 
  as i said , i 'm not overly found of christianity either . 
  but at least christianity has been the majority european religion for many , many centuries . 
   wow , it 's not against your constitution or something like that ? 
  i 'm not sure , but constitutions can be changed . 
  should be changed as they inevitably become obsolete over time . 
   you can be proud of your country and be for open border without borders , how do you define the country to be proud of ? 
   do you mean supporting a elected governement in libya , supporting a non elected governement ( puppet or just the military ) ? 
  i mean our government ruling it directly . 
  we 've seen how elected ( or `` elected '' ) governments fare with afghanistan and iraq . 
  * if * we have to do military interventions , we need to build up and secure the country directly or we 're just creating chaos . 
   the war in iraq is sectarian sects , tribes , what 's the difference ? 
  the point is that both africa and the me are way , way too unstable to just pop in , set up a new government , train a few troops who may or may not join some rebel group or other , and run off again . 
   islam is part of european culture islam came with a literal invasion force under the ottomans . 
  it 's not european , and it is not part of european culture . 
  and before you say it , yes , i 'm not too fond of christianity either . 
  they 're foreign as well , and they preach weakness . 
  imho , europe should return to its ancestral gods , from odin to mars . 
   there is no need to `` defend '' yourself from muslims not from the muslims themselves , from their culture , so our culture survives and prospers again . 
   the article above literally says that 80 % of people , who use islam as a justification for violence , and are being treated for it are europeans exactly . 
  so we need to make it much harder for them to recruit or arouse interests in europeans .
