  terrible idea . 
  people should be able to do with their property as they please . 
  if i own a supermarket and want to burn the leftover apples because i enjoy the smell , i should be able to do so . 
  we should not let the government decide that they can just take away our property . 
  if the government wants to support charities , it always can buy leftover food and donate it themselves . 
  in those cases , their problem is their own fault and they really should n't be helped . 
  if you get yourself addicted to something , it 's your problem , not society 's . 
  travel agencies that go there should be required to inform their customers and have them sign the contract . 
  and if you are there , you simply should n't get help . 
  if you get kidnapped from somewhere else , you should still get it though , because then it was n't your own damn fault . 
  the latter part is the important one though . 
  if someone knowingly goes into a dangerous region , we should n't be forced to help him . 
  i 'm thinking on a longer scale than the next few years . 
  austria is n't exactly in a position to get its stolen territories back in the conventional fashion right now . 
  so a more diplomatic approach is needed . 
  we need our emperor back , and then , after he fixes the country up , the people in the regions there will absolutely want to join us again . 
  until then , we need to have a strong european military , especially with what russia is doing right now . 
  russia is more important than lost territories , for now . 
   frau schmidt must be prevented from fucking vacationing in the deserts of algeria near where militants regularly operate just so she can see some cool sand dunes . 
  exactly . 
  there should be maps of dangerous regions and if you go there , you 'll have to sign a paper first that says that you are aware of the risk and that you 're on your own if you get kidnapped . 
  well , that i agree with . 
  we have a different history and if anything , austria should control germany , not the other way around . 
  the emperor of the hre was mostly ours after all . 
  also another reason to not be a part of germany : we had two different empires in the end . 
  if in doubt , dislike france . 
  they were always our enemies , might as well continue it . 
  i just realized today hat a lot of austrians disagree with me there and do n't think that austrians are german , apparently . 
  pretty absurd if you ask me , but there it is . 
  really , ca n't say anything against that . 
  he 's just attacking israel , not jews . 
  attacking israel and its citizens is entirely legitimate . 
  ( * not * in the meaning of assaulting them , of course ), 
  i 'd reluctantly say yes . 
  a good way to get the battlegroups some much-needed training , and isis has it coming anyway . 
  even if it means helping the us . 
  easily explainable : the old left is still trained from back then to follow moscow 's line . 
  really , people do n't like having a holiday right next to a warzone ? 
  since when ? 
  [ people are such pussies today , in my day we got our picnicbaskets ready when we heard a battle was going to happen . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_battle_of_bull_run ), 
   the crowd 's chants and banners included `` death to jews '' and `` slit jews ' throats '' yeah ... that 's got ta be a crime . 
   a berlin imam , abu bilal ismail , called on allah to `` destroy the zionist jews ... count them and kill them , to the very last one . 
  and i know for a fact that this is . 
   previously destroyed on kristallnacht pretty unnecessary to mention . 
  it 's not like the nazis left many synagogues as they were . 
   america 's anti-defamation league surveyed 332,000 europeans using an index of 11 questions designed to reveal strength of anti-jewish stereotypes . 
  it found that 24 % of europeans -- 37 % in france , 27 % in germany , 20 % in italy -- harboured some kind of anti-jewish attitude . 
  i think i remember that one . 
  iirc , if you do n't like israel , you are an antisemite according to it . 
  and that is the problem with the whole thing . 
  israel , and many organisations that it supports , is attempting to blend `` people that think jews should be exterminated '' and `` people that think that israel maybe should stop murdering people '' together in `` antisemite '' and as a result people do n't care anymore if you call them antisemite . 
  the word has lost its power . 
  that 's why people are so unafraid of it now , and why so many actively start disliking more than just israel . 
  if you are already branded antisemite , why not go the whole way ? 
  if you are told that you hate jews all the time , you 'll eventually start doing it . 
  other way around . 
  people are not very good at praying . 
  sperm is a perfectly good source of protein . 
  there 's even a cookbook for it . 
  it 's different with the bosniaks . 
  they 're an exception . 
  they 've fought very bravely for austria , they 've earned it . 
  not everyone can have ethics out of concern for his fellow man . 
  not to mention that the gods protect and help their followers . 
  muslim andalusia was n't part of europe , they were just foreign invaders . 
  ditto for hungary , romania , etc. 
  the muslims came , then [ we gloriously drove them back time and time again ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctpmekwc808 ) . 
  we did n't fight them back twice from vienna so they would suddenly get to call themselves european . 
  they did n't have as much cultural influence as the brits did in india either . 
  no and no . 
  their culture is just different . 
  british ... maybe . 
  they did own india for quite a while . 
  it does n't . 
  christianity belongs ( and i admit that * very * reluctantly ) , because we have been christians for hundreds of years . 
  the aesir belong , because they are the gods of our ancestors , and all of us have them in our blood . 
  allah does not . 
  he is not a god of our ancestors . 
  he is a foreign god of foreign people . 
  that does n't mean that they ca n't stay in german countries , but they certainly are n't germans . 
  they are n't even assimilated . 
  it sounds like she 's already planning on leaving . 
  that probably has something to do with it . 
  also not a bad choice . 
  `` see what you made me do now ? '', 
  it 's like an abusive relationship where the partner starts cutting himself every time there is a fight . 
  that men get the ability to sign away their rights ( and duties ) as parents ( and have to be notified before the period for abortion is over , so the woman can still abort it if the father decides he does n't want it ) . 
  yeah , a woman already has the choice of keeping her maiden name . 
  if she takes her husband 's , you can assume she wants to be known by it . 
  it 's not like we are in the middle ages . 
  abortion has absolutely fuck-all to do with gender equality . 
  * maybe * if they also passed a financial abortion law at the same time . 
  at first i was all `` yeah , finally someone who attacks the people actually at fault '' . 
  then this :  mihaly zoltan orosz , who has been mayor of erpatak since 2005 , told the associated press monday that the `` jewish terror state '' is trying to obliterate the palestinians and said he opposed `` the efforts of freemason jews to rule the world . '', 
   the political tools of economic pressure are unacceptable and run counter to all norms and rules maybe he 'd find us finding a german minority that russia oppresses and sending tanks to them to help protect them less offensive . 
  russia : if you hit us , we 'll hit ourselves harder to show you the consequences of your actions . 
  yeah ... 
  if you 're russian and are n't too fond of putin , it 's probably time to leave now . 
  remember : disliking israel means you want the jews to go back in the oven .
