  maybe i 'll look at it some more . 
  `` pedophile therapy ? 
  why , that sounds like good fun , my definitely not-pedophilic-child . '', 
  \\ - every mother ever . 
  i also read the occasional article on kotakuinaction and tumblrinaction , but that 's about it . 
  of course it was n't . 
  does n't mean the left wo n't use this as ammunition against us . 
  that sounds like a really good idea that should be done all over the world . 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised the guardian still writes sensible articles sometimes too . 
  how do they not get that this stuff just drives the moderates away from their cause ? 
  the way to win people over nowadays does not lie in force of arms anymore , it 's in rhetoric . 
  it 's stated above that he * does * have the right to check for tickets , it 's just optional to exercise it . 
  so he called it completely justified but still refuses to comply ? 
  til the bulgarians invaded afghanistan with their mighty drone army . 
  because naming your child after a hazelnut spread is n't going to lead to a good childhood ? 
  i 'd say 54 men starting a fight with 3 definitely counts as putting someone 's life in danger . 
  mobs are n't known for their rational and peaceful nature . 
  wahr unsere sach \u00b4  bismarck erwach `` bismarck awake , holy embers in us light , bless the never dishonored flag , forge us from iron the german sword , bismarck , make us heroes again , help us to the heights !, 
  protect our cause bismarck awake '' i 'd also take barbarossa right now . 
  pretty much anyone that did n't live in the last 100 years or so . 
  let 's hope their stock goes down again . 
  i could use some more of it . 
  the polar bear is the only actual syrian . 
  punish him by not letting him leave until he has drunk it all to prove it 's for personal use . 
  if it works for kids and cigarettes , it 's going to work for this guy . 
  guy fawkes , yes . 
  that mask i 'm gon na need a source on . 
  it 's a meme . 
  it does not have the dignity a political party should strive to maintain . 
  guy fawkes masks are a meme on 4chan aka neckbeards anonymous . 
  a political party using that feels to me like they might as well run around with `` me gusta '' shirts and gg greg posters . 
  sorry for still expecting a political party to have a modicum of respectability and the gravitas that leading your people into the future should warrant . 
  maybe i should start the my little pony party where we all come in pony costumes and with rainbow-colored hair . 
  it 's worked for the askari and it worked for the poles ( look at bismarcks ' kulturkampf ) . 
  hell , the askari were , 50 years after the end of wwi , still more german than many germans nowadays . 
  which still means 10 times the crime , considering there 's 10 times the potential criminals . 
  what i 'm reading is `` strength , honor , the will to innovate and to strive to achieve the impossible '' . 
  if a community is halfway to being radicalized they need a firm guiding hand that pushes them back on the right path . 
  that can only achieved with harsh punishments for any crimes and rewards for loyalty . 
  your reasoning would work well if there were less migrants , but how can there be more interactions if there 's less than a tenth germans ? 
  more like the germans will be the center of attention . 
  snowden did n't betray the country , he betrayed the government . 
  common mistake , but the government is not the country , the people and their ancestors are . 
  as for families and communities : if their loyalty to their country is so small that they love a traitor after he has been uncovered , they 're already halfway to radicalisation anyway . 
  aiding enemy forces already * is * a crime : treason . 
  i 'm just saying that treason should carry the death penalty . 
   surely having the death penalty for these people you call traitors will only push them further and encourage then to hate the west more and ? 
  they 're already traitors . 
  as long as they stay away or die on arrival , what does it matter ? 
   and justice does not demand that it certainly does . 
  traitors die ... it has been the law since the beginning of civilization . 
  it is the only justice that can be found for people that betray the country that sheltered them , gave them warmth and electricity , an opportunity to become wealthy ... there barely is a greater crime . 
  difference being that all of these still have a police presence and people that 'll actually report to police . 
  unless they build a police station in that town , there 's barely any chance a migrant is going to call the police on another migrant . 
  plus those houses tend to belong to someone . 
  you ca n't just steal their property in the name of migrants . 
  steam . 
  he was the economist of valve before this . 
  that village is doomed to essentially become a little arabia inside germany . 
  that 's just insane . 
  so apparently it 's irrational to fear a rise in crime when your village grows tenfold . 
  great . 
  prevention i 'm all for , but the `` cure '' part i 'm totally against . 
  once they decide to join our enemies , they 're traitors , lost to civilisation forever . 
  justice demands a harsh and quick punishment for this , which is why i am for the death penalty on the case of jihadis and the like . 
  i 'd agree with you if the state was n't paying for the staff of these schools . 
  wow . 
  literally punished for knowing how some cultures * still * live . 
   i fear that a superior culture is being destroyed by its own foolishness as an inferior one takes over that 's an oxymoron . 
  if we ( still ) had the superior culture , we would n't see it destroyed before our eyes . 
  our culture became decadent and weak . 
  it lacks the strength it had in the old days . 
  we value meekness and weakness nowadays , and despise strength . 
  we used to be trajan 's rome and now we are romulus augustus ' rome . 
  the best we can do is try to change it back to the gleaming beacon of civilization it once was , and , if that fails , face the end with dignity . 
   it 's due to the slowness of the procedure they have to go through the only thing i 'm wondering is how they did n't hear about german bureaucracy before they got there . 
  well , that 's * one * way to put a positive spin on a return to an agricultural society . 
  also aurochs temperament . 
  that breed is pretty much dying out because if you look at it , it tries to gore you . 
  sorry , but i just ca n't take any party that includes guy fawkes masks in its ads seriously . 
  i mean , ffs . 
  might as well have everyone wear fedoras . 
   eva got a place in a school a half-hour drive away just to note that because some people probably wo n't read the article : she got a school place . 
  just not the closest one . 
  as an occultist , i can confirm i 'd take nothing from what amounts to a city-sized mass grave . 
  * but who the fuck would ? 
  sigh . 
  i wish they could let this shit be . 
  that just makes the movement seem stupid , and carries the danger of the whole movement being associated with some nutjob that * actually * makes an attempt on the life of a politician . 
  i 'd be more for an expression of love for our culture and people instead . 
  we need to take care of our own , first and foremost . 
  as long as there 's one european still without a job , or even without a home , we should not burden ourselves with foreign problems . 
  `` dictator wins election '' is n't exactly news . 
  if 80 % of people voted against him there 'd simply be a sudden drop in population and he 'd still win . 
  university of vienna is around 150 in rankings , damascus university is at 4404 . 
  slight bit of difference there . 
  good . 
  there 's absolutely no reason to behave like barbarians . 
  yeah , 4chan has about 20 of those a day . 
  about once a year or so something actually happens .
