  i would n't be too sure about `` majority '' , but yeah , normal roma exist . 
  do n't think most people have something against them . 
   how is attacks on synagogues and shops owned by jews who have nothing to do with israel anything but anti-semitism . 
  it is n't . 
  but it 's the whole `` crying wolf '' thing . 
  israel has in the past called everyone an antisemite and even accused an american politician of trying to orchestrate a terrorist attack on them . 
  now people * are * antisemitic and nobody gives a shit anymore because they 've learned that `` antisemite '' means `` that guy that dislikes israelis murdering children '' . 
   israel should n't exist but ... it should n't . 
  does n't mean the civilian population should suffer for it , but israel is a giant occupation , nothing more . 
   when you say we should not start condemning out anti-semitic chants as if that is somehow has anything to do whith criticising israel for fear of being to pro israel makes me want to throw up you seem to have misread what i wrote . 
   agreed there . 
  and we should stop it i very clearly said we should counter the actual anti-semites . 
   coming from a european , hilarious ... a german 's word is always binding . 
  and we are very loyal to our friends . 
   which refuses to even acknowledge having nuclear weapons which totally is n't suspicious at all . 
  and definitely is n't * very * conductive to veiled threats . 
   shares intelligence with european countries yeah . 
  [ the same intelligence service also murders european citizens ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lillehammer_affair ) . 
  israel can not be trusted and we certainly should not cooperate with them on military or intelligence matters . 
  they even sold american tech they stole . 
  `` getting buttfucked by israel and being thankful for it '' america . 
  they have no concept of loyalty . 
  `` fix '' what exactly ? 
  syria is n't threatening to throw nukes at europe if they lose a war . 
  neither is iraq or iran . 
  israel is the one doing that . 
  not anyone else . 
  therefore israel is a security concern for europe . 
   a commitment to the right of israel to exist is ironclad . 
  no , it is n't . 
  saying we wo n't massacre them again does n't mean we have to support them massacring others to steal their land . 
   there is a startling indifference in the german public to the current display of anti-semitism more people would care if it was n't a standard tactic of israel to call their opponents antisemites . 
  the word has lost its meaning . 
  and it 's not the fault of europeans . 
  if you start counting `` kill all jews '' and `` maybe you should stop bombing kids '' as the same thing ... people stop caring . 
   when calls for jews to be gassed , burned and murdered are bawled on the streets of germany , that no longer has anything to do with israel 's politics and gaza . 
  it is the most abhorrent form of anti-semitism agreed there . 
  and we should stop it . 
  but we need to be * very * careful that we do n't start condemning anti-israel sentiments or we 'll end up like the us . 
  they assassinated iranian scientists and they got a computer virus to destroy their progress , and they [ planted bombs ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/top-israeli-general-explosions-reportedly-hit-iranian-nuclear-sites-accidents-article-1.984749 ) in their facilities , but they did n't throw them from planes . 
  that was in iraq . 
  so ... half-right . 
  good . 
  every country should do that . 
  permanently . 
  we should have stopped them from the start , same as they did to iran : bombing their facilities , killing their specialists . 
  send them to israel if they like it so much . 
  also , the jdl should really be banned . 
  they 're a terrorist group . 
  might as well have hamas marching through paris . 
  because not that many people use buses . 
  why did n't he go to those appointments ? 
  missing two in a row is kind of hard to pin on circumstance . 
  he did n't open that letter that would 've given him the opportunity to apply for other payments . 
  that is on him , not the system . 
  sanctions are a necessary thing to punish people that just want to get money for doing nothing . 
  they are a good thing , and they need to be able to be handed out easily enough to actually get the lazy fucks that deserve no money . 
  that being said , the sanctioned people really should be told ( assuming they are n't , although they seem to get these letters and just not opening them , which is their own fault ) , and calls to the job center should be free . 
  most unis have performance-dependent scholarships you could apply for after the first semester ( if you 're good enough ) . 
  if you could get enough money for the first semester , you could work really hard and hope to get those . 
  or try and find work to finance yourself while living with roommates . 
  there 's a fair amount of students that do that . 
  `` deserving '' is kind of a harsh word . 
  realistically , germans held land they could build a state on . 
  jews did not . 
  they were split over all the world . 
  then they moved to palestine , bought land from the big landowners that were never even there , threw the people that had lived on it for generations off and declared it theirs . 
  true , but no good side to support . 
  if everyone is pretty much equally shit you ca n't really do anything . 
   another way of saying the genocide of israelis and jews no , it is n't . 
  jews have lived for a long , long time without a state . 
  they can again . 
  and the end of israel as a state , a state that is founded on massacres and continues to murder civilians to this day , is a good thing . 
  yes , and if you attack people you 'll get prosecuted . 
  can you show me any articles , anything , about a jew getting attacked and the police basically going `` nah , we do n't protect jews '' ? 
   according to him , had the world truly been concerned about the violence , `` we would have seen protests all over europe against the terrible acts being committed in syria , where 200,000 people have been raped and butchered . '' except that there 's no clear bad side in syria . 
  no technologically superior force just raining death on their enemies while pointing to the extremely view successes of them to justify it . 
   but if israel lays down its arms , israel will cease to exist a ) so would the terror groups . 
  b ) that does n't exactly sound like a bad thing . 
   `` the european countries must protect the jews within their territory , '' he said . 
  `` otherwise , terror will eventually reach you . '' that sounds like a threat . 
  do we really have to let ourselves be threatened out of guilt for what happened over half a century ago ? 
  now , normally i 'm saying that not all jews are israelis and it is entirely unreasonable to dislike them for something a country they are n't a part of does . 
  israel does n't seem to share that sentiment though . 
  well , it is already proven that the jews failed in building a peaceful state for them * and palestinians * . 
  might as well give the palestinians a go . 
  [ and there 's definitely no israelis arguing for genocide of the palestinians , right ? 
  ] ( https://archive.today/rpf3m#selection-1310.1-1310.2 ) personally , i am all for the death of israel . 
  we should cut all trade relations with them . 
  if enough states would do that , israel would collapse . 
  and then we can support the palestinians in building their own state , a peaceful one . 
  even for jews . 
  maybe not for the war criminals that are currently bombing hospitals though . 
  nowhere in `` death to israel '' does it say `` death to all israelis '' . 
  for example , the soviet union died with barely any casualties . 
  do n't come to germany , let germany come to you . 
   no burning the israeli flag . 
  no shouts of `` death to israel . '', 
  should n't be banned . 
  that is expressing rage at israel , not at jews in general .
