  uhm but i thought the throttle stick looks more like a `` t '' ( the thing lower left in the eurofighter cockpit ) and you push/pull it to control the engine and not like a second `` normal '' flightstick that can be moved in all directions . 
  maybe the rafale can fly in space an the second stick is for the thrusters , 
  last time i heard that was around 2000 at my work ( i 'm working in an insurance company ) . 
  but nowaday it 's always `` at '' [ \u00e4t ], 
  uhm . . why does the rafale have two sticks ? 
  na , it 's always acme inc that 's making the explosives , 
  haha yeah my thoughts as well :d, 
   they 're only ` american ' nukes so that everything is kept nice and legal . 
  in the event of a war the npt no longer applies . 
  uhm no , the nukes ca n't even be moved let alone armed or used without american personnel around and american permission . 
  even in times of a crisis or a war there is a strict protocol how/if the nukes can be used . 
  these are american nukes on german soil for tactical reasons only not because germany can use them in a time of war . 
  damn :(, 
  yep correct , tschechei is just an old term which was overused by the nazis . 
  it just resembles the whole english `` czechia '' term more than tschechien , which is the correct and appropiate term . 
  no , tschechei ist just an old term and has negative connotations because the nazis overused it . 
  but the term resembles the englisch czechia more  tschechien is the more modern ( and appropriate ) term . 
   have you tried to speak german ? 
  tschechei . . no problem here  whereas tschechische repuplik is a real mouthful in german, 
  true that mess is a failure by the german bureaucracy, 
  really ? 
  you do n't think it 's a bad idea that a group of people have to openly wear an i.d. 
  card at all times in public ? 
  this proposal is along the same line as the yellow star with `` jude '' on it . 
   to count all homosexuels and transsexuals and list them openly this, 
  i think they wanted them to wear openly a badge or a special `` refugee i.d. 
  card '', 
  yeah that was pure european solidarity at work :d, 
  it 's quite clearly phrased in german that `` they ( the poles ) killed more jews ( jewish people ) than germans ( german people ) . '', 
  do n't know how someone could read/translate this wrong that the poles killed more jews than the germans . 
   continously , people on this sub commenting on polish issues paint themselves as morons . 
  you read few words from some low-level trash paper like guardian and you think you know everything about poland and its politicians . 
  funny enough the germans get the same treatment here , 
  well as has been stated somewhere else for some time now : merkel made her statement end of august ' 15 , but in the whole month of july and august up until her statement , 10.000 new refugees already arrived daily in greece . 
  after her statement the numbers did n't get higher , they stayed at this level until mid-oktober iirc . 
  tell me , how did her statement made matters worse , when the numbers did n't get any higher after her statement ? 
  you are just spinning and believing a wrong story here . 
  i think they expect germany to pay the aid to greece because `` the refugees in greece are not the problem of eastern/central europe so we wo n't pay shit for them , just ask germany who is in our view alone responsible for every refugee coming along '', 
  yep ... greece can into space !, 
  well put !, 
   i heard talks about the f-35 at some point . 
  i hope they do n't buy these crappy airplane, 
  thanks , that explains alot , 
  i really wonder why france is doing so badly . 
  in theory they should have the capabilities to get the unemployment rates down but somehow they do n't suceed . 
  hindsight is 20/20 : /, 
  ah that explains why i did n't read anything about this in the locals cologne newspapers . 
  it 's a faulty translation . 
  uhm that 's pretty much against the / r/europe narrative but yes , that 's the reality in cologne . 
  they do ... there are 2000 police officers in the city during carnival . 
  i. . that 's really stupid * shakes head *, 
  uhm what he means is : grand coalition = spd + cdu, 
  do n't name the sub that 's not to be named !, 
  shhh . . but i chuckled at that headline , 
  true , punishing greece is idiotic, 
  true , 
  and to be honest that is kinda sad, 
  ha yeah we should quietly consider the danes as `` sea germans '' because they have a border with us . 
  but you should never speak this loudly because an axe-wielding nonsense talking viking could storm in ... 
  brits , was easier for them , 
  he 's a viking ... 
  that 2nd article is actually quite hilarious . 
  i always ask this when a brit/irishman claims that they are driving on the correct side and the rest on the wrong side . 
  never got a honest answer , just ... looks : /, 
  when was the last time you were attacked from another car with a sabre while driving ? 
  because morocco , algeria and tunisia refuse to take them back when they have no legal documents ( passports e.g. ), 
  from these countries . 
  technically , they are citizens of said countries but without documents they ca n't be deported . 
  wait ... are n't we the fourth reich and full-retard $ uro-nazi ? 
  i am really confused now ... 
  no word is they mostly came in 2013 and 2014 and only few of the perperators came during 2015 to germany . 
  well news is they were tourists who had booked a 3-country travel ( turky , dubai , abu-dhabi ) with a travel agency from berlin . 
  so propably all `` german '' germans and mostly pensioneers . 
   not really . 
  as the post you quoted said , we need eu founded camps in greece and italy . 
    we need to force all migrants to register in the first eu country they enter , without making this nation responsible for paying the bills alone . 
    eu founded camps , run by frontex and used for mandatory registration in coastal eu nations would be a huge step forward . 
  exactly , sitting on our hands an doing nothing wo n't solve any problems . 
  now ( in winter ) is the time to get a solution going when spring comes and the weather get 's better it 's just too late and masses will walk the balkan routes unchecked again . 
  it 's just not right to let the border countries cope with this alone , we need a eu solution to this fast without jeopardizing schengen between eu countries . 
  well that 's crap , the eu needs to bolster frontex and frontex needs the specific mission of guarding the outer eu borders ( read : greek coastline and waters , same for italian , french and spanish waters ) . 
  but these countries need to accept that their borders will be protected by a foreign party which makes the thing hard to achieve . 
  next step : getting refugee/immigration camps on the northern greece border and in southern italy/france/spain running , funded by the eu , guarded by frontex and administrated by the eu to stem the tide of people wanting to get into the eu . 
  after that talks should be had about certain quotas . 
  will it happen ? 
  propably not : /, 
  `` ein teil dieser information k\u00f6nnte ihn aber verunsichern ''  anyways ... it 's his fault that the police is underfunded , undermanned and underequipped . 
  and now he is blaming the police for not doing it 's job . 
  that man is a real shame . 
  uhm in the 90ies we had the germano-russians coming back after the iron curtain fell . 
  let 's say they did n't adapt too well to this society and some are still struggling to get themselves integrated properly . 
  only because someone comes from an `` european background '' does n't mean that he/she will integrate without problems . 
  it 's the same people that cancel their insurances on december 31th and are complaining today on the phone , why they have been charged with the fees for their insurance . 
  guess what , the insurance and bank employees had 4 days off too here in germany and need to catch up with the work ... 
   but , alas , we are eastern europeans , and as always , we 're barbaric scum that do n't deserve a thought \u00af _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af uhm , just to be sure : were did i say that ? 
  i 'm really glad of these upvotes , when i made the statements i was fully aware that this could backfire fast and heavily ... 
  i 'm more worried about the implosion of the eu and that we europeans go back to the first half of the 20th century bickering about lines drawn on a map ... 
  the soaring nationalism in some parts of the eu is what makes me afraid , not the immigration or climate change issues . 
  yes correct, 
   im pretty sure people in 1951 were familiar with this scale of refugees .
