  and mostly religious , 
  putler and erdolini, 
  the vikings ? 
  or the chinese ? 
  or the american native people ? 
  i like the `` bloodbath '' thingy . . yes it 's tragic what happenend but as of now , there are 2 people in critical condition , 2 people with serious wounds , 1 with minor wounds and 14 people in shock ( those get hospitalized too ) . 
  british tabloids are pumping this thing up it 's not as serious as it may look . 
  woah what a ride in the last weeks but i 'd like to exit now ... please ? 
  no . . the eu for making it hard to establish an independent uk . 
  wait and see . 
  you know ... always blame the french !, 
  have an upvote , good summary , 
  yeah sure , both sides do n't want to , but is there actually a feasible way for an open border to the uk after the brexit ? 
  most complains from the `` leave '' campagin are around uncontrolled eu immigration and `` open borders '' so i do n't think they will just look at the border between ireland and northern ireland and say `` nah that 's fine noone will take this way ... '', 
  ugh that 's some cringeworthy front page, 
  i have to admit i fear for the peace in northern ireland if the uk votes leave . 
  everything in the good friday agreement depends upon ireland and uk being in the eu . 
  it will be really sad watching this achievement of peace going down the drain if the uk votes leave : /, 
  green skin ? 
  but i 'm pretty sure british girls are n't from orion ... , 
  i do n't think they were deported by france , but came here with a train from marseille to get a plane to moscow . 
  i find it really despicable using wwii and wwi pictures and persons to promote modern days policies and politics . 
  is there a reason why some people in the uk seem to be stuck ~ 75 years in the past ? 
  beautifully written , 
  the 1930s are calling , they would like to have their rhetorics back . . 
  they did once , in 1957 , 
  no neu clay f\u00fcr greece until pay debts !, 
  alot of spending does n't guarantee that . 
  it 's the way how and on what you spend your money . 
  i 'm fine with the gradual progress to the 2 % because it mostly guarantees that the money is spend on useful things . 
  not yet ... 
  but a ton of russians , i do n't think you won anything , 
  yes i agree . . if it 's one government that might deviate from a mutual agreement it 's the polish one in hopes of getting more internal political gain . 
  yes me too, 
  sorry but the boat is full ... try poland , czechia or hungary, 
  except i do n't think it 's an evil sith lord orchestrating this ... 
  i mean , can you imagine juncker and tusk in a hooded cape with a red light saber ? 
  well let me guess : - nationalist : ireland reunited under irish rule - unionist : ireland reunited under british rule ( as part of the uk ) but yes , it is mildly confusing : /, 
  maybe he means `` unionism '' in the sense of a reunion of northern ireland with the republic of ireland resulting in an independent , reunified roi ... 
  welcome to the club , your hugo boss uniform is right here !, 
  good luck guys and i hope for a reunited ireland , 
  alesia ... never forget !, 
  triggered much ? 
  numbers are n't your strength , maybe you should stay away from them ... 
  it 's all about the feels man , give him a rest . . 
  if he feels it 's worse then it must be worse regardless the facts . 
  well the fun part here is : 100 years ago this could have been a reason for war . 
  but today we are laughing our asses off because of the nutjobs clamining this . 
  we have come really far , 
  * looks left * , * looks right * but we have already ... ooohhh yeah , sure , remilitarize us :d, 
  ouch !, 
   personally would prefer a eu army me too , the money would be better spent if it was pooled for a eu army . 
   ... if there were fellow nationals in the regular brigades see that 's the same reason why i would prefer the bundeswehr to consist of germans instead of eu nationals ( the exact same applies to any local army , it should consist of locals who are attached to the country they serving ) . 
  it feels lesser like a `` soldier of fortune '' army and follows the `` german citizen in arms '' approach the bundeswehr was founded on . 
  `` osteurop\u00e4ische hilfstruppen '' has a really negative ring to it / s, 
  i know this is / r/europe , but i 'd like to answer that with some german . 
  nobody says `` polnische konzentrationslager '' ( polish concentration camps ) but the phrase mostly used is : '' ( ehemalige ) konzentrationslager im heutigen polen '' ( former concentration camps in todays poland ) . 
  blame the anglosphere for this `` polish death camp '' crap but noone in germany ( except for some rightwing nutjobs maybe ) refers to the concentration camps as polish . 
  there is no secret whitewashing going on in germany . 
  they did n't , the whole thing is still pending because it is a powerstruggle between petry and the clear rightwing gauland/meuthen, 
  i 'd say the message is : dear dutch , do n't vote for wilders , thx . 
  i think it was marie antoinette , 
  regarding cake , i can be like the flash , 
  yes you are totally right , a quick survey of the ~ 12.000 bakeries and ~ 11.000 caf\u00e9s in germany ( let alone the ~ 3000 cake shops ) shows that this cake ca n't be found in germany ... anywhere . 
  sad, 
  all `` you '' ( as in some americans ) have done is tainting european style food with corn syrup and too much sugar . 
  i remember a time , when every project that had eu funding raised a sign that this was funded by the eu with x amount of $ . 
  these seem to be gone nowadays hence why some governments claim all the `` positives '' like the eu funding for themselves while blaming all the `` negatives '' ( like regulations or laws the public might disagree with ) on the eu . 
  we need those signs back that tell the public how much the eu does for them regarding infrastructure projects and such . 
  the people must realize again how much the eu invests into their region/hometown ( building roads , bridges , schools , other public buildings etc. 
  as an example ), 
  no i do n't think so, 
  err you should really distinguish between `` christopher street day parade '' clothing and `` normal life '' clothing . 
  i have yet to see a person wearing the parade clothings in a day-to-day situation . . and i live in cologne which has a big , lively and outspoken lgbt community . 
  in the eyes of the turkish government the soldiers are propably `` traitorous dogs '' so not applying basic human law is fine for them . 
  a vocal minority will be `` shocked '' and will make some trouble but the majority will get on with their lifes . 
  so this is how alternative facts look, 
  well ... just for the entertainment ... 
  yes the nukes can be fitted unto german airplanes but they are controlled by the usa . 
  germany ca n't use them when the usa does n't arm them and releases them from storage . 
  it 's called swamp german, 
  while i do n't want to defend the actions of some stupid germans here , the same could be said about poles commenting in certain topics about the refugee crisis blaming germany and germans for `` their '' stupidity and bleeding-heart stance . 
  let 's just agree that there are idiots commenting in reddit threads from every country . 
  that was the tornado , but it 's fixed . 
  well ... europe nearly united with the help of trump , 
  wow . . breathtakingly beautiful, 
  yes pretty much sums up my everyday too ... except for the comic bookstore trip , 
  that is quite a cool map i have to admit . 
  little white-socked men ... , 
  oh wow i made summer vacations as a small boy on that beach . 
  weird and nice reading that name on reddit , 
  well . . 10-20cm snow this night according to the deutsche wetterdienst in and around cologne . 
  happy traffic chaos everyone tomorrow :d, 
  username checks out ... 
   but on a more serious note : can you actually read what you wrote with a straight face ? 
  well to be frank , when you read his words with a bad french accent in mind ( which he should have because he 's soooo french ) , it 's actually comedy gold , 
  i 'm not entirely sure , he might get deported while he is in prison or right after his trial . 
  i 've got no clue how it works if you are illegally here and get a life sentence so i guessed he will ahve some time in prison and after that gets deported ? 
  ugh ... as if before 2015 we did n't already have a serious problem with migrants in greece , spain and italy for years and our collective governments did nothing . 
  it 's so easy to blame everything on the things 2015 happened when the problem already existed for at least 5-6 years .
