sounds vile . 
  i 'll stick with italian or american style pizzas . 
  okay , access was the wrong word . 
  no need to grill someone over an obvious mistake in terminology . 
  they do n't * have * all of the information . 
  i also could argue that access is also about ease of discovery , and people tend to , by point 3 , end up consuming and being exposed to only what reaffirms their existing views . 
  of course , that 's going to primarily be people who do n't use much social media and are generally no very tech enabled . 
  and my axe . 
  i mean , an attack on anywhere in the eu is also an attack on the uk . 
  this feels as close as home as if it were london . 
  it 's fairly obvious if you think about it ; 1 . 
  people are tribal . 
  people do n't have access to all of the information . 
  the information they do receive will be biased in some way . 
  people do n't want to admit their beliefs are wrong or change them . 
  1 and 4 mean that those with similar religions are more likely to band together naturally . 
  2 and 3 mean they are likely to be getting information that paints people like them in a better light . 
  all of them together mean that if they start feeling oppressed they 'll go with whoever is more like them rather than realise that their views are wrong and that they should change . 
  i also expect some people reading this assume i am just talking about muslims , but re-read what i said as if the person is a non-muslim attacking an innocent muslim for their religion alone . 
  it goes both ways , and only realising that can we reconcile and become better , less religiously motivated , people . 
  he might have just been adding to your point . 
  discussions do n't need disagreement to continue . 
  i was thinking today that terrorists are probably people already predisposed to suicide that want to avoid chickening out and forcing themselves down a one way route out . 
  the religious aspect may also motivate that since if they really do believe it , then it 's entirely a net positive to them . 
  it makes me feel we need better mental health care for the suicidal , and less religion . 
  he made the mistake of assuming i 'm insulting someone , i already read that he is n't the poster above and never used the phrase , i do n't need to `` admit it '' , because i 'm not going to submit some apology to someone arguing with me over nothing . 
  we are discussing the term used by the original poster , but he derailed it with personal attacks . 
  it seems you 're incapable of reading anything properly . 
  your question is suspiciously misleading . 
  comments do n't protect anything , they 're simply expressions of views . 
  it is the views of people themselves and their actions based on those views that do the protecting , and * that * is what i was talking about . 
  for someone telling me to read the discussion properly you clearly did n't yourself when you claimed * i * was insulting others . 
  no , you were , by using the phrase `` tip fedora '' to refer to people that disagreed with you . 
  it appears you 're not here for a discussion , just to throw around insults . 
  i used the term meme in the correct manner . 
  `` tips fedora '' is a phrase to call someone a neckbeard . 
  if it is n't , then i 'm years behind on my understanding of memes . 
  as goes the saying `` feels  reals '' . 
  this is why i have no time for those types . 
  i will not be pc , i will not check my privilege , i will not apologise for my race or gender , and i will not accept racist or sexist stereotypes about me by people that have no idea who i am or where i came from . 
  well , it * was * perpetrated by immigrants , so there 's vindication right there . 
  also , neckbeards are sensible europeans that want to protect europe now ? 
  since i remember neckbeard being exclusively applied to atheists around here just a few years ago . 
  that 's a great piece by boris . 
  it 's a fucking travesty that dr taylor had to go through what he did over what was * absolutely nothing * . 
  because it 's essentially an invasion , a slow but sure attempt to displace the native populations by invaders from another culture and place . 
  you bloody well said letters and you know it . 
  do n't use the * wrong * word if you want to make a point . 
  even them , it is n't total surveillance , just mass surveillance . 
  and do you have any evidence of manipulation ? 
  the right to be forgotten is n't censorship . 
  it is individuals requiring a company to remove associations between them and internet content . 
  the content still exists , the matter is entirely between the claimant and the company , and it is a reasonable right to privacy . 
  it * is n't * government censorship . 
  it 's individuals being able to tell a company `` stop recording me without my consent '' . 
  the press still have their freedom to report , but google does n't have the freedom to associate my name with whatever is on the internet , and that is absolutely a freedom , a right to privacy . 
  you 're putting a company above people here which is exactly the kind of society i do not want to live in . 
  that 's absolute bullshit . 
  you can verify it by sending a letter and adding a way to determine if it has been opened ; it has n't . 
  a lot of what we do is tappable ( calls ) and recorded ( internet ) but it is n't absolute and is n't manipulated . 
  a right to privacy by being allowed to delist yourself online is the * opposite * to totalitarian . 
  it 's a personal right and freedom from being tracked by other people . 
  i get that , but some people like to go see trees , even in places that are n't somewhat barren . 
  it 's not some `` folky people '' thing to say that , it 's just that some people really appreciate trees and nature , not just because they want to go for a walk . 
  i would know because * i am someone who is like that * . 
  i live next to a forest in south england , literally 10 metres away , and i * still * intentionally go into the forest to be amongst the trees and nature . 
  also , you are speaking for an entire people which is ridiculous . 
  people in more forested countries still go out to forests for a walk to see trees and nature . 
  it just depends on the person . 
  i 'd go for regular walks there . 
  as a brit i 'm wondering how you crazy people survive in that cold . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  i 've heard that many people immigrating or seeking refuge see europe as some kind of promised land . 
  pretty much . 
  ca n't let them stop us living . 
  i 'm glad you concluded my actual views . 
  i like democracy in limited capacity , but prefer we defer to experts on matters that are not simply social policy . 
  exactly , they 've all been shitty and untrustworthy . 
  the `` stay '' polling has been 50 % + for a long time now . 
  it could change , but if you 're betting on anything right now it is not that we 'll leave . 
  it 's definitely opt out with sky . 
  they sent a letter and changed it after a fixed date . 
  no `` yes or no '' about that if you 're ; * technologically incompetent * away on holiday * slow to read mail * a bunch of other reasons for bt it was easy , but that 's just one example , and not the mandatory way . 
  with sky they just enabled it without something like that . 
  they sent a * letter * instead , which my grandmother did not understand , so i had to go over her house and unblock it for her . 
  it 's a stupid system , my nan did n't want it , my family who visit her did n't want it , i did n't want it , i do n't want it at home , on my phone , or any network . 
  opt out is generally an easy way to manipulate the default state of a system . 
  it 's anti-freedom , like opt out advertisements on your os . 
  think windows 10 , where we now have opt out bloat / spyware built in . 
  it 's the worst state to be in , not some nice middle ground . 
  it really is n't easy to change the uk government because the uk government has been shit for over 10 years and constantly eroding our freedom in order to `` fight terrorists '' and `` protect the children '' , both stupid phrases that easily control the feelings of the masses . 
  at least so far , the eu has n't done much of that . 
  i do n't trust our shitty government , i 'd rather eu oversight . 
  our government was the one who implemented this system in the first place . 
  easy for me ; keep the eu and the porn . 
  why lose two things when we can have both . 
  never heard any of that in the uk . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  the fire stations are incredibly important and do not need to be inundated with other problems . 
  but it 's happening already ; european infrastructure being pushed harder than it already is to accommodate people based on the feelings , rather than reason , of people .
