i still live with my parents and we have two cars and maybe a bit smaller house with private sauna . 
  + all stuff that you need like 2 pretty big tv : s , smart phones , ps4 , good gaming pc etc. 
  and i 'm from lower middle class family ( mother unemployed and dad a factory worker ) and almost everyone i know have more money to spend than we do . 
  so i would n't call them rich . 
  maybe upper middle class tops . 
  well in finland it is . 
  i grew up in a lower middle class family and we basically had everything that they have . 
  well there 's no way to recognize her from that picture even after couple years . 
  i always put ketchup on pasta . 
  i could n't eat it without it . 
  well i once tried some american ketchup and it was like ten times sweeter than ours . 
  so at least if compared to that our ketchup is less sugary . 
  i think that ketchup tastes just fine in a pizza . 
  it works well if you put pineapple in it . 
  what makes him rich ? 
  just a regular middle class family in finland, 
  that 's something i would do , but i 'm just a greedy capitalist . 
  i used no creams , but just stretched it for like 4 months even though `` professionals '' told me to snap it . 
  now it works like a charm and i did n't have to get rid of my lovely piece of skin . 
  it 's definitely not necessary . 
  you can just stretch it . 
  can you tell me why it appears that almost every second estonian knows finish . 
  yep . 
  in my opinion it kinda ruins the whole picture . 
  well yes , but i have visited russia and i got ta say that they are pretty different from us . 
  or the ones living in big cities near western border are relatively like us , but beyond that the culture changes completely . 
   or maybe launch all out war in the middle east to finish them for good ? 
   do you want world war 3 ? 
  cuz that 's how you get world war 3 . 
  that would n't be a world war 3 , because they are n't allied with any major powers . 
  we would just stomp the shit out of them . 
  i would n't say that russia is culturally european . 
  then it was probably just mostly chance . 
  i mean of those small nations was going to conquer the others and it just happened be then . 
  was ottomans location really that bad ? 
  i mean that location has been controlled by great empires almost throughout the history . 
  it had some really important cities . 
  actually this is kinda bad timeline . 
  there are so much better sites and videos of the same thing , so i do n't know why you posted this . 
  i usually just use http://geacron.com/home-en/, 
  those are n't gifs and brazil is n't exactly a gift to the world, 
  yeah . 
  if i would have cried to my grandpa who had fought in ww2 about how our nation was n't included in video game , he would have probably get pissed and told me about how war is n't just some game and it does n't matter are we included or not . 
  guess so . 
  football is probably somewhat more popular in cities . 
  well i know nobody who watches football around here . 
  it 's popular elsewhere , but not really in finland . 
  we suck at football because literally nobody gives a shit about it around here . 
  why would anyone even watch football when you got hockey ? 
  well there are always some people who die from that and some burned asses , but it 's really not that dangerous . 
  who gives a shit about ingredients . 
  at least around here the fries are better than in mcd 's . 
  but most of them still use the stove for the heat . 
   that 's why people study to be teachers , librarians , researchers etc. 
  are n't those all pretty well paying jobs . 
  from 3000 $ / month upwards . 
  but anyway i do understand your point , but a lot of the high paying jobs are n't ones that a lot of people love to do . 
  some people might love being a lawyer so much that they would study years some boring legal acts and work long days with average pay , but i feel like most law school students i 've met study it because they want money and would otherwise pursue some other careers . 
  higher education should be rewarded and not necessarily by money , but in a lot of cases money is still the best motivator . 
   it produces extremely poisonous waste that 's hard to get rid of and that stays poisonous virtually forever ? 
  underground bunkers are viable solution to this problem . 
   yes , nuclear is better than fossil fuels , but its a bad long term solution , yet you ca n't invest in it as a short term solution since the starting costs ( both monetary and environmental ) are staggering . 
  just leave the monetary side to the private sector . 
  if they find nuclear energy to be a good investment then they can build them . 
  if not then we do n't need them . 
   why not invest in clean , renewable energy ? 
  the tech needed for that is also highly exportable and plays into finland 's strengths . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't , but renewable energy is n't profitable on the larger scale yet , so we ca n't just expect that we can just pour all those nuclear energy monnies into renewable alternatives . 
  companies will invest in fossil fuels if we ban nuclear energy . 
  the problem just is that not everyone is like you , a ton of people study primarily for the money . 
  i for example am pretty lazy at hearth and the only reason that i chose not to take the easy route was that i hoped that some day i will get a well paying job . 
  if there would n't be a monetary incentive to study , people like me would n't just simply choose to not to . 
  which would really hurt the country in the long run . 
  also if the taxes are too high the highly educated start slowly immigrating to other countries taking all those sweet tax monies with them . 
  in my opinion finland is getting near the maximum tax rate and drastic increases will now do more bad than good for the economy . 
  the question was about whether or not should the highly educated earn more than the uneducated , not about how much more should they earn . 
  nuclear energy does have it 's problems , but compared to oil and especially coal it 's much more `` greener '' . 
  i simply can not understand why are they against nuclear energy while we still rely so heavily on fossil fuels . 
  they are anti-nuclear for some weird fucking reason , but they are n't that aggressive about that . 
  because educating yourself takes a shit ton of work and dedication , ( even though some stupid people claim otherwise ) and no sane people would go through all that if you would end up earning the same amount as the lazy people who just stopped studying as soon as possible . 
  it 's so cold in here that global warming is welcomed . 
  luckily the percentage is going to go down rapidly when the oldest generation dies during the next 20 years . 
  yesterday was in year 2017 . 
  why do you hang out with junkies ? 
  you just have to embrace the weather . 
  because in other countries average 20 year old is a motivated to serve in army and in extremely fit condition . 
  the thing is that you are looking the things at the perspective of us army . 
  in finland the army consists of regular men . 
  and the women who seek into the army can perform better than your average young male who does n't give a fuck about army and just wants to be home playing video games . 
  there are also tons of roles in the army that are n't that physically stressing . 
  for example in artillery batteries there alot of roles where you do n't even have to be in good shape . 
  finish army does n't really train close combat , because our goal is to fight the war outside of cities . 
  i personally was n't trained any close combat skills even though i was in jaeger company . 
  in combat style finnish army uses you need only good endurance , not strength . 
  and motivated females usually perform better than average males that just spend their time watching television on sofa . 
  so there is no reason to be sexist against females that willingly want to serve their country while 99 % males cry about how they do n't want to be in the army and fake mental illnesses to get out . 
   however , i do not think they should be barred . 
  they should be welcomed in military service , so long as they can match the same physical standards as their male compatriots . 
  they do . 
  females that chose to join army are often in good shape and are much more motivated than the average male that has been forced to the army .
