  but still only 11 % . 
  and they 're uniquely toxic so no-one will ever join a coalition with them . 
  they 're also probably going to be banned as anti-constitutional after this election . 
  notice how king ludwig the mad had to finish his gatehouse in red brick because he had run very low on funds . 
  if she is opposed to same sex marriage because of her faith , she 's being somewhat hypocritical , since she 's divorced and remarried . 
  sorry , i got th\u00e4lmann and ulbricht mixed up . 
  that is very good news , thank you . 
   she is even for left party standards extremly uncritical of stalinism that 's interesting ... most of what you described seems fairly standard for someone with more * ostalge * than common sense , but was n't stalinism forbidden even in the old ddr ? 
  if i remember my history right thallman and honecker went along with kruschev 's rejection of stalinism . 
  given that some members of die linke are actual marxist-leninists , i would think that there is considerable room for the spd to move left from its current centrist position before overlapping with die linke . 
  but perhaps i am mistaken about that ? 
   we can not lead by raw military force like america you could if you expanded the bundeswher to the point that you spend 5 % of your gdp on your military the way russia does ( the us spends 3.2 % , you 're going from 1.2 % to 2 % right now ) . 
  you 'd easily outmatch russia , and equal china and the us . 
  do you want to try convincing four million angry gingers that they 're wrong ? 
  a substantial number of undecided voters in the scottish independence referendum were persuaded to vote no because they wanted to stay in the eu and there was no guarantee of an independent scotland being granted admission . 
  since the u.k. will be leaving the eu and the common market anyway , the cost/benefit on independence has changed . 
  and first minister sturgon has been very consistent in saying that a hard brexit would trigger a second independence referendum . 
  hopefully the russians wo n't get to spain or southern italy !, 
  and they 'd have to get through turkey ( where the us already has forces ) or bulgaria to get to greece . 
  europe is not a desert, 
  it 's quite ineffective in europe . 
  once they reach their final bases in poland and the baltic states they 'll be repainted in green . 
  the scripture reference is translated as `` fear not '' in the authorized version , which is the traditional english protestant version of the bible . 
  if the * berliner morgenpost * took their headline from luther 's bible than `` fear not '' would be the most accurate way to translate the cultural context as well as the words . 
  i think it 's a direct scripture qoutation . 
  for whatever reason praising communists does n't make everyone think you 're a communist the way that praising nazis makes everyone think you 're a nazi . 
  there was also the matter of george w. bush wanting to avenge his father 's failure . 
   iran has been strengthened thanks to the invasion . 
  after saddam was ousted the new government were basically iranian puppets . 
  so your statement is completely untrue . 
  just because that 's what happened does n't mean that it 's what bush and blair wanted to happen !, 
  saddam could n't live forever , and the us and uk thought they had a better chance of installing a friendly dictator if they could control the transition . 
  though unlimited access to iraqi oil was also a factor . 
  turks might have said that a decade ago . 
  never say never . 
  fixed . 
  this is not a repeat from ~ ~ 1914 ~ ~ ** 1915 ** . 
  they are n't , usually . 
  lutherans are the exception to this rule ; they are the only protestants that did not engage in iconoclasm during the reformation . 
  the frauenkirche in dresden is especially splendid because when it was built in the 1700s the lutheran gentry of the town wanted a church that outdid the splendor of the [ roman catholic royal chapel . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dresden_cathedral# ), 
  it 's a lutheran church , lutherans do n't have a problem with images . 
  it was built that way deliberately , iirc . 
  it 's a protestant church , and it was designed so that everyone in the congregation was within hearing distance of the preacher . 
  thus there is one large dome with the congregation placed closely around the altar and pulpit in an arrangement rather like an opera house . 
  mid-rise office blocks are n't evil , just boring . 
  to me it does n't look evil . 
  but it looks corporate , not ecclesiastical . 
  yeah , but nowadays `` kaiser willhelm memorial church '' refers to the whole complex of three buildings , the ruined tower , the `` lipstick '' campanile , and the `` powder puff '' church . 
  it was rebuilt , but not rebuilt according to the original design . 
  perhaps immigrants should have to step on or burn a picture of putin before you let them in . 
  i know that . 
  yeah , but tombac jesus is n't bad . 
  but the kaiser willhelm memorial church _ has _ been rebuilt . 
  [ it just looks nothing like the original . 
  ] ( http://static.thousandwonders.net/kaiser.wilhelm.memorial.church.original.20668.jpg ) personally , i think the outside of the modern kaiser willhelm memorial church is hideous , [ though the inside is not bad . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/05/berlin_-_kaiser_wilhelm_memorial_church_-_inside_2.jpg/280px-berlin_-_kaiser_wilhelm_memorial_church_-_inside_2.jpg ), 
  [ many of the donations from abroad came from the church of england , especially coventry cathedral , which was also destroyed by bombing in wwii . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dresden_frauenkirche#promoting_reconstruction_and_funding ) [ this is why the frauenkirche hosts a monthly anglican worship service . 
  by `` jesus party '' do you mean the kristillisdemokraatit ? 
  except that in ni private individuals can get a license to carry firearms for self defense and all police are armed . 
  that sounds more like ` murica than `` the rest of the uk '' to me !, 
  yes , but whether you ever end up participating in a formal white-tie ball with waltzing depends very much on your class and you and your friends taste in music . 
  my cousin 's wedding ( texas upper middle class ) was white tie , but i recall the dancing at the reception being mostly modern . 
  i 'd argue that he 's a demand side neoliberal to me . 
  no references now , but i may be able to provide them after class . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by monetarist ? 
  macron seems to me to be a french obama or clinton ; he is no socialist , but he believes that that government spending can help restart a stalled economy . 
  merkel loves austerity , which is never good for the economy long term . 
  the good news is that she wants closer european integration , so she 's got to work with macron , who 's a keynesian afik . 
  if i were a german i 'm not sure who i 'd vote for , her or schultz . 
  schultz is more in line with my economic views , but merkel has a proven track record of standing up to trump and a better chance of seeing off the afd . 
  her social views are also probably more in line with mine , though i 'm not quite certain about this . 
  the eurozone 's gdp is second only to the us . 
  in ppp terms it exceeds the us . 
  that 's more resources than the russians have . 
  or will ever have under a kleptocrat like putin . 
  the armed forces of a federal eu would surpass the russian military and rival the us , if the federal eu was willing to spend 5 % or more of its gdp on the military . 
  since in this scenario eu federalization is prompted by american unreliability and the russian threat we can assume that a federal eu would be more willing to spend money on defense than western europeans have been since wwii . 
  the idea being that the chancellor can mirror whatever is on her monitor so that the people at the conference table can see it ? 
  i do like the fact that your chancellor 's public office and her working office are the same room . 
  my understanding is that a soft brexit would leave the u.k. with tariff free access to the single market but without having to comply with regulations like a common eu or eurozone tax rate . 
  they 'd just have to accept free movement of workers & goods and quality & safety regulations . 
  that would play right into theresa may 's plans to turn the post-brexit uk into an offshore tax haven . 
  i am desperately hoping the french do n't make the same mistake we made in * le etats unis * last november and offering advice based on the performance of the american version of le pen . 
  i feel like i need to speak up about this because i think that the world needs a strong and united eu that can stand up to president trump and president putin . 
  if you set the fines just right you can get a nice steady revenue stream from the financial services sector without calling it a tax . 
  in this context enablers are people who enable the far-right by voting for far right candidates for `` normal '' political reasons . 
  an enabler can also be a partner or parent of an alcoholic or drug addict , who enables their addiction by helping them avoid the consequences of their behavior . 
  this was the original meaning of enabler iirc , the political meaning came later , as an analogy . 
  could this stuff be sold/lend leased to the dutch real fast if we needed plausible deniability or could n't get troops to the netherlands fast enough ? 
  except that electing the xenophobic and nationalist candidate will make you poorer , not safer . 
  iirc most of the terrorist attacks in france were perpetrated by french citizens . 
  also nationalists are awful at actually running a government ( see the us under trump for example ) . 
  and trump has a solid legislative majority , an advantage that lepen will not have . 
  you know , i have even less respect for people who switch to lepen for the final round than for the diehard fn voters . 
  i mean , i hate committed fascists more , but i respect the enablers even less . 
  iow 20 % of french voters are evil and 10 % are stupid . 
  i had much the same feeling in canada ... interesting . 
  the clintons and tony blair practically invented bland centrism .
