  so , mr. palin , you 're saying that if i shoot you and your friends for making `` the life of brian '' no-one will ever make a movie mocking my religion ever again ? 
  edit : i am not actually threatening to do this . 
  this is a facetious statement illustrating why giving in to terrorists is a bad idea . 
  you 're freckled redheads , which is just as bad ... and you say fook far too much . 
  guess where the people in minnesota came from !, 
  i was going to say that germany was also an empire , but apparently that did n't happen until 1870 . 
  so which of the `` little germanies '' did this map come from ? 
  i 'm obviously an outsider in this debate , but i wonder if it would be possible for poland to compromise by pegging the zloty to the euro at a fixed exchange rate ? 
  that would seem to me to give most of the advantages of joining the eurozone , but it would be much easier to get out of if the euro suffers another crisis . 
  the pictures often end up on the internet for more creeps to fap to . 
  sometimes it escalates from pictures to kidnapping . 
  well , it 's expanded in scope . 
  first the government could n't ban condoms , then it could n't ban abortion , and now it ca n't ban sodomy . 
  but the common thread in major american privacy rights cases is that they have to do with sex or the consequences thereof . 
  yes , in the us it 's even legal for pedophiles to take pictures of other people 's kids , though the police try to find something to charge people who do that sort of thing with . 
  the american notion of a right to privacy is not actually written in our constitution . 
  griswold vs. conneticut , the first supreme court decision which mentioned a `` right to privacy '' , derived it from the common-law concept of marriage as a sacred sphere into which the government is forbidden to intrude . 
  thus it became legal for married couples to use contraception . 
  at first only married couples had a right to privacy , but later decisions began granting the right to privacy to single people and even gay couples , on equal protection grounds . 
  but it is still derived from the common law doctrine that `` a man 's home is his castle '' and applies only to the domestic sphere . 
  since the internet is an inherently public medium , it follows that in american law nothing done on the web can be considered private . 
  actually , the american right to privacy has generally meant that the government ca n't make what you do in the privacy of your bedroom illegal . 
  it has nothing to do with other kinds of privacy . 
  the point is that drone warfare is not `` just like playing a videogame '' . 
  morally , i really do n't see a difference between using drones and using guided missiles . 
  the moral problem with us use of drones is the use of them for extrajudicial executions in non-belligerent countries . 
  fwiw drone pilots in the usa suffer from ptsd , despite not having physically been in combat . 
  there was an american political joke that went like this : terrorist : `` we 've kidnapped your ex-president , and if you want to see him alive again , you must agree to our demands . '', 
  secret service : `` oh no , which one ? '', 
  terrorist : `` george w. bush '' secret service : * click * the point is that bush is very widely disliked even by people who voted for him twice , and most people do n't care what he thinks or says , and most republicans would just prefer that everyone forget him . 
  tellingly , he was not invited to speak at this year 's republican national convention , which is an unprecedented snub of a living ex-president . 
  bill clinton , otoh , is remembered very fondly for presiding over the last years of peace and prosperity america had . 
  number 2 looks like a gay icon from the 80s . 
  rural deep south or midwest = low cost of living = cheap fast food . 
  i think that chinese expansionism and north korean brinksmanship is the real culprit behind the revival of japanese militarism . 
  that and the american desire for a fighting ally in east asia . 
  yeah , i 'm no fan of `` holy russia '' or putin . 
  but i 'd rather live under him than under isis . 
  in russia you 're safe as long as you stay in the closet , keep your head down and do n't oppose the government . 
  in isis territory my impression is that no-one is really safe . 
  i prefer anglican absolute monarchy to puritan theocratic military dictatorship , yes . 
  neither was particularly good by modern standards , but if i had been alive at the time i would have been entirely for king charles and archbishop laud . 
  both british and american constitutional democracy owe their beginnings to the restoration and the compromise between king and parliament - neither the king nor the parliamentarians were entirely in the right . 
  better than the opposition , though . 
  wrong but romantic does sum up the stuarts in general though . 
  with the exception of queen anne ... 
  they 're also the most socially conservative of the mainstream parties ; they 're the only major party to oppose equal marriage . 
  it 's total costs including wages , benefits , and taxes . 
  i consider the soviet union , and for that matter the russian federation to be successor states to the russian empire . 
  all of these states have quite a few territories populated primarily by ethnic minorities , but great russians were and are the ethnic core of all three states . 
  this is in contrast to states like the usa or the hapsburg empire where there is no clear ethnic majority and patriotism focuses on loyalty to a particular set of ideals and form of government . 
  how does `` travail , famille , patrie '' sound ? 
  the ideological ancestors of the fn used it once before after all !, 
  the peshmerga have some western training - they 've been drilling with us and allied ` observers ' since the second gulf war . 
  they 're more judicious shots then the standard arab guerrillas . 
  george w bush passed through his nation 's elite educational institutions on the `` gentleman 's c '' - a low passing grade given to the children of donors to get them out of your hair . 
  w applied to texas a & m , a respectable red brick university , as well as to yale . 
  he did not get into texas a & m , a middle class school with no tradition of elite patronage , but he did get into the supposibly much more selective yale . 
  do you think that being unable to form a government would have worse consequences in a more centralized country like france ? 
  yes , but most of that population is in the tourist free suburbs on the mainland . 
  the old city only has about 60k permanent residents . 
  well they built a new city in the middle of a swamp after the huns sacked their nice healthy city of aquileia , which was on dry land . 
  one place to start would be banning large cruise ships from entering the harbor , and require them to send tour parties in by boat . 
   it 's not like the presence of the kids lends any weight to the demonstration anyway . 
  on the contrary , the presence of kids who 've probably lived most or all of their lives in germany lends a great deal of weight to the pro-eu expats protest . 
   implement the european court of human rights ruling on equality for religious organizations and ensure that eligibility for state subsidies by religious groups is determined by an independent body and subject to appeal in courts ; could someone help me understand what this refers to ? 
  what religious groups are being discriminated against ? 
  i think you forgot to include the word `` legally '' . 
  as in `` you can not legally sell products in the eu that do n't follow their rules . '', 
  but smuggling in substandard or banned goods into the eu may well be the new british national sport . 
  to me trump and wilders seem similar - far right vulgarians with with wired hair . 
  wilders is economically to the left of trump and he has his own party because the netherlands is a multiparty parliamentary democracy and the us is a two-party presidential republic . 
  both are not actually fascist in a technical sense , though trump 's advisor steve bannon is . 
  lepen may or may not be a fascist herself , but her father certainly was one , and lots of her father 's friends are still in the fn . 
  furthermore , she has gone beyond trump in that she plans to roll back same-sex marriage , while trump accepts that same-sex marriage is settled law . 
  golden dawn is openly and unashamedly fascist . 
  edit : i 'd describe united russia as autocratic and patriarchal rather than fascist per se ; more petrograd 1914 than berlin 1939 . 
  alexander dugin is a fascist influence within the party , however . 
  is steve bannon a nazi ? 
  i do n't think he 's one , technically , but he is a fascist . 
  more mussolini and less hitler . 
  i thought that caveman-schultz stabbing cute mammoth merkel in the back was insulting schultz by suggesting that he 's a stupid person who has betrayed his coalition partner . 
  but why are they mostly ~ ~ leftist ~ ~ left leaning or center-left leaning ? 
  and the two conservative floats seem to be cdu . 
  are there no afd supporters in the carneval ? 
  edit : for the sake of the downvoters i should explain that i 'm not in favor of afd . 
  personally on the left wing of the democratic party . 
  i voted for bernie in the primary and hrc in the general election . 
  i think that both merkel and schultz would make fine chancellors of germany , and would love to see the alt-right get spanked in the german elections . 
  but i was surprised that they were not taking part in a festival of offensive political humor - in the us our alt-right loves to make offensive jokes . 
  \u00a1 la lingua catalonica esta impossible !, 
  so , yeah , i can read only one side of the catlan independence debate . 
  i learned mexican spanish , so it 's espa\u00f1ol , not castilliano - i do n't mean anything political by that , it 's just that ( formal ) mexican spanish is the standard taught in the us . 
  here 's [ le chant des partisans ] ( https://youtu.be/6ibthlvlxv4 ) to use as brain bleach . 
  petian was a tired and defeated old man who let the nazis use him . 
  yes , i think there is a strong probability that le pen is an actual nazi . 
  sure , but together these words represent surrender to actual nazis !, 
  it was the slogan of vichy france , and remains associated with the far right and treason to this day . 
  it will probably break away the next time the russian state collapses completely . 
  about what i 'd expect from the heirs of p\u00e9tain and laval .
