americans , why did you stole the name ` georgia ' ? 
  / s we did n't , the identical names are a coincidence , and it 's all because st. george the dragonslayer is the patron saint of so many countries . 
  georgia the british colony was named for king george ii of england , who was named in honor of st. george , the patron saint of england , among other nations . 
  georgia the nation was named for st. george directly . 
  in addition to being the patron saint of georgia and england , st. george is also one of the patron saints of russia . 
  thanks a bundle !, 
  i can see the st. mary 's and alexander nevsky cathedrals in the background , but what is the white church with the very steep steeple in the foreground ? 
  some day i hope to see all of this in person . 
  why are the new arrivals to munich sleeping rough or in shelters rather than finding roommates to share a flat with ? 
  if most of them have jobs , albeit poorly paid ones , they should be able to get housing if enough people are willing to share a 1 bedroom flat . 
  do the local building codes prohibit people from living together ? 
  they did n't repeal article 9 , but they 've been interpreting it more and more loosely these days . 
  the japanese self defense force could probably do very well defending the home islands even without our help . 
  smirnoff was brought to the united states by a white russian emigre after the october revolution . 
  it 's very much an exception to the rule that says `` american vodka is just diluted ethanol '' . 
  i agree with you completely , but the west lothian question needs to be solved . 
  in my humble opinion , the best option would be to devolve powers to regional parliaments . 
  i would suggest a division based loosely on the anglo-saxon kingdoms of wessex , mercia , east anglia , essex , and northumbria , plus cornwall , which really ought to be considered a separate nation since they 're britons , not anglo-saxons , and once had their own language . 
  none of those states would be powerful enough for their first ministers to compete with the prime minister in terms of authority . 
  i personally think that kent could be combined with essex . 
  that ship really ought to run into something on those sea trials . 
  agreed that the german , french and polish armed forces should be the primary guarantees of european freedom and security . 
  now how do we convince the germans to disregard the treaty on the final settlement with respect to germany and convince the french to keep and use their military tech to defend their neighbors rather than acting as the world 's arms dealer . 
  to the baltic states , absolutely . 
  to poland ? 
  they would be if they thought they could get away with it !, 
  also , ukraine already has a soviet-compatible supply train . 
  arms bought directly from the us would need nato standard parts and ammunition . 
  i wish that were true but it is n't . 
  sell is probably not the right word - most of them wanted to leave . 
  now i need to go buy a six pack of cider . 
  thanks . 
  before the invasion of crimea i would have preferred someone more economically liberal . 
  but now i intend to vote for the most hawkish democrat possible and that 's hillary . 
  hillary clinton is generally seen as the most hawkish of the potential democratic nominees for president . 
  her rhetoric , which has clearly stung putin , is at this point intended primarily for a domestic audience , consisting of socially and economically americans who are worried about russian aggression . 
  being able to bear kids is not a requirement for ladybood , no . 
  even being xx or raised as a girl is not a requirement . 
  but my understanding is that thomas neuwirth does not identify as a transwoman . 
  ` she ' is a drag queen - a man who impersonates a woman strictly as entertainment . 
  this sort of ban has been discussed in the us , as well , though so far nothing has come of it . 
  i will be paying attention to se how a ban on selling teens energy drinks works out in practice . 
  though ime the biggest consumers of energy drinks are working class men in their 20s , not teens . 
  are we seeing the restoration of the japanese empire ? 
  no , you ca n't , though you can arrest them on the border . 
  you can also revoke naturalization if you can prove fraud . 
  lets split the difference - all nato nations will honor the treaty and go to war with russia if she invades any of the baltic states . 
  otoh , it is possible that nato would accept a peace treaty that left the russians in possession of the baltic states if the war is not going well . 
  with planes ? 
  not really - russia has good air defenses and planes are n't really deniable . 
  with terrorism ? 
  quite doable if the russians do n't take any special security precautions . 
  but that requires an agent who is willing to die . 
  this particular bill failed by a worryingly narrow margin . 
  modern russians have good reason to be bitter and cynical . 
  not quite - back in the ussr they censored the media outright . 
  it was blatant and official . 
  in the new most serene russian republic the oligarchs and their figurehead have hostile editors and journalists `` replaced '' and take over media outlets through backroom machinations . 
  the democracy index considers russia an authoritarian regime , with a score of 3.75 and a ranking of 122 out of 167 nations . 
  one man is clearly the face of this regime so i feel comfortable calling russia a dictatorship . 
  why do you think this label should not apply ? 
  https://portoncv.gov.cv/dhub/porton.por_global.open_file?p_doc_id=1034 - the democracy index as a pdf . 
  then perhaps the uk should pay for more of the eu , so that ze germans can have a bigger defense budget ? 
   i think the idea is more that you 'd deploy sufficient conventional forces ahead of time to deter the russians from rolling in the first place . 
  the problem is that this is not going to happen , because russia will always be able to act much faster than nato can react . 
  this is because russia is the aggressor , so things happen on their timetable , not ours . 
  and furthermore , russia is one nation and a dictatorship . 
  this means that they move faster than nato , because the politicians in each country have to gauge their public 's mood and then meet to hash out a collective response . 
  the belgians and the czechs and the poles and the dutch all thought the same thing . 
  they were wrong . 
  you would think that germans would remember enough of their own history to realize that the only sort of neutrality a dictatorship respects is armed neutrality . 
  if europe is relying on the luftwaffe alone to keep the russian bombers at bay they 'll eventually be worn down by sheer weight of numbers - it happened in the last war . 
  and as an american i do not want the us to be the only country offering real support to germany and our other nato allies . 
  the raf , the fleet air arm , and the french air force and navy need to be able to contribute to the defense of central europe as well . 
  poland should also be able to prevent the russians from achieving air superiority over their own airspace . 
  i would prefer to have something besides mad as missile defense , because i think that the russians think that we 'd never actually launch a nuclear first strike and therefore our nukes do not deter them from conventional aggression . 
  if the crimeans voted in a genuinely free referendum to secede from ukraine and join the russian federation i 'd be all for letting them go . 
  but allowing russia to invade and annex the territory of another sovereign state by military force is another matter entirely . 
  it 's a return to the 19th century way of settling disputes among nations . 
  in addition , the tartars are the native people of crimea , and they have been reduced to being a minority in their rightful homeland by stalin 's policies of genocide and resettlement . 
  they therefore have a moral right to have an influence over the fate of crimea that is disproportionate to their numbers . 
  yes , i know that this is tremendously hypocritical coming from an american , but it 's still true . 
  that looks like a pro-war ( with russia ) demonstration to me . 
  i 'm sure that putin did - in the same situation putin would have remained until the bitter end rather than fleeing and letting the protestors take power . 
  putin thinks of himself as a `` tough guy '' , and part of that is not ever backing down in public . 
  unfortunately , this means that a peaceful resolution to the problem in the crimea is unlikely . 
  now that the troops are there he 's not going to withdraw them even if it 's clear that the ongoing crisis is hurting the russian economy and he can continue to lease the sebastopol base . 
  the fact that this operation seems to have begun with the troops from the naval base suggests that this is not the result of some deeply-laid evil plan to seize the ukraine . 
  it is the result of putin panicking and having a bad idea that he put into effect without thinking the consequences all the way through . 
  which lends creditability to the suggestion that these are ordinary russian naval infantry conscripts , not spetznatz or mvd special forces . 
  you finns are n't bad at the vodka business yourselves . 
  that did n't end well the last two times someone tried it . 
  i 'm afraid that any successful war against russia must be a defensive war . 
  well , part of it is , but is n't part of it now russia 's kaliningrad oblast , which is k\u00f6nigsberg-that-was ? 
  yes , geographically speaking , it makes more sense for what is now the kaliningrad oblast to go to poland or lithuania . 
  but there 's no reason why russia should be allowed to keep it if they try to get their hands on the crimea and lose . 
  my understanding is that many ukrainian nationalists served in the waffen-ss during wwii , because they saw a german victory over soviet russia as the best chance for ukrainian independence . 
  indeed , roughly equal numbers of ukrainians served in the red army and the waffen-ss . 
  ever since then , the russians have been waving the bloody shirt . 
  speaking of k\u00f6nigsberg , if the russians try something in the ukraine and nato gets involved , do you think that germany will get east prussia back ?
