  huh , i 'd seen a very different version , with the netherlands completely flooded . 
  not in dutch though , i was supposed to translate . 
  i did n't get those , i guess there 's a lot of different versions being shuffled through . 
  plus english is west - and swedish north - germanic , accounting for quite a lot of differences in vocabulary and pronounciation . 
  eh , i only got voice thingies in the `` do you think this sounds pretty '' bits , which were n't really about intelligibility . 
  the words themselves ; perfectly . 
  but it sounds incredibly ooga-booga now because you did n't translate the sentence structure . 
  could it ? 
  i got to do it in english . 
  38/50 which was slightly disappointing . 
  i wonder which eleven i got wrong ( besides court ; i knew ` aargh ' was n't correct . ), 
  edit 8 hours later ; i 'm going to do it again but list ` frisian ' as first language now . 
  got selected to do it in danish now . 
  i get to fill in the blanks now rather than translate with time pressure . 
  i only filled in three when i thought ` fuck it , i do n't understand shit ' and i got two right . 
  m\u00fcnster was a german bishopric at the time . 
  or archbishopric . 
  but it 's not dutch , german . 
  i was refering to the conclusion of the 80yrs war at m\u00fcnster . 
  but now i see , in 1581 the united provinces declared independent , which is what you meant . 
  but it was n't recognized by the habsburgs until 1648 , which i meant . 
  and tbh it takes both to be independent . 
  1648 doth not 1500s make :p, 
  i like electric eye better . 
  intensly wanking filatelists . 
  i bet the uk is crossed out because it would be low on the charts . 
  just send them to blackpool . 
  very good point . 
  ohhh i see . 
  i was mainly just thinking of this one bulgarian girl i know . 
  are n't there quite a number of bulgarians doing the same outside bulgaria ? 
  fair enough , i guess i just did n't see the point at first . 
  what 's the use ? 
  it 'll end up showing most ossis have a stasi-spy in their family , or a buncha them . 
  does that make their relatives worse people ? 
  are n't most cases perhaps a bit aged now ? 
   emperor caracalla gave roman citizenship to everyone in the romans empire . 
  that was about the same time when barbarians started actually winning stuff . 
  might be true , but it seems more likely that the two were both symptoms of the same issue rather than one causing the other . 
  getting more and more people more loyal to the institutions of rome would hardly weaken its military fabric . 
  learn from history sure , but study it first . 
  edit ; my point is ( though i have n't actually made it clear much yet ) that in a history as long and complicated as that of the roman empire there would be fairly few decisive-and-sudden turning points . 
  anything under caracalla would likely also already have been in process or even just starting before his reign . 
  obviously an emperor could be an enormous power , but presumably the ` time must have been right ' before he could decide to make all inhabitants of the empire romans . 
  ( of course rather before that others had also become effectively romans , sometimes including entire groups of people . ), 
   when everyone , roman by birth or not , became roman , the empire started it 's way to self-destruction . 
  well that 's a ludicrous oversimplification . 
  i 've read it before in different flavours too : `` when rome became an empire it started its way to self-destruction '' `` when rome became christian it started its way to self-destruction . '', 
  all of these i 've seen mentioned as sole causes for the eventual decay of the roman empire , as if nothing else ever could matter . 
  which is ridiculous . 
  thanks, 
  only just exists . 
  https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/od.html does n't seem to list numbers ( yet , presumably a lack of census ) but it does n't even list ` muslim ' , only ` christian and animist ' . 
  so not as useful as i 'd have liked , but still interesting . 
  i guess the main response will be to call it eu-meddling . 
  i know the advantages , i just thought that banning them on an eu-level would mainly result in ` brussels are trying to tell us what to do blaaa ', 
  oh i thought the title refered to the larger shopping bag rather than freezer - or sandwich bags . 
  i tend to re-use mine until they tear , but banning them seems a bridge too far right now . 
  a lovely bunch of coconuts , then . 
  ahhh , no , of course . 
  that makes sense . 
  \u00daj magic g\u00e1rd ? 
  i 'm going to assume that 's an oddly-uniformed group of magic : the gathering players . 
  :p ( no but seriously , that 's irish writing , i guess ? 
  the shield-blazon looks suspiciously norman . ), 
  lolno , they 'd sooner kill the lot than grant them their independence . 
  ` so many ' ? 
  it 's been mentioned once in this thread and is usually never mentioned at all . 
  be angry at one person , fine , but do n't trot out twaddle about the whole sub . 
  is it bad that i guessed this comment would be in the thread ? 
  am i right in guessing that then the greeks do not see the euro as the cause of their problem ? 
  kosovotes today !, 
  dang , interesting . 
  dangnabbit . 
  t\u00e1 is clearly you , the sentence structure and what little i know of pie-languages suggests . 
  f\u00e1ilte seems quite big for ` are ' , though , or is that welcome ? 
  interesting , fangs !, 
  ooh . 
  i had n't noticed the apple-map had frisian as ` apel ' . 
  honestly , at home i did n't speak frisian as such but bildtish , so i 'm not sure if it is apel ( which is actually new to me ) . 
  but if it is indeed apel then ` sinesapel ' does n't seem that odd . 
  but it probably depends a bit on the individual speaker whether they pronounce it ` appel ' ( which via the enormous influence of dutch would probably be quite common ) . 
  i looked it up on http://www.wurdboek.nl/ but unfortunately i ca n't link to it directly , but if you enter `` appel '' in nl -  fr it presents both ` appel ' and ` apel ' but with most examples of use using ` appel ' . 
  and , alternatively , putting ` apel ' in fr -  nl just gives `` see appel '' . 
  i 'm thinking the difference might mainly be in what a speaker is used to , syllable-stress can vary a bit by region , so ` apel ' might simply be ` appel ' but with the stress on the a. 
  however , it might interest you that typing ` sinesap ' in the search bar only presents ` sinesappel ' with both p 's . 
  i presume this might also be due to syllable stress ; putting the stress on the ` a ' in ` sinesappel ' might not be the most natural thing to try for most speakers and , as such , it 's not included as a legit form . 
  though i 'm hardly a legit scholar and student of the language ( my knowledge is in fact sorely lacking ) i think / u/lemno 's post might be based on what they 're used to rather than what might be most common/most accepted . 
  hope this nattering is at all readable and useful . 
  mijn is possessive , yeah . 
  i guess i just had the general idea that was okay in the thread , too . 
  that 's a strange ` always ' you 're using . 
  how did national governments become centralized in the first place if they 've always decentralized ? 
  five ? 
  wow . 
  dutch has ` ik ' and ` mijn ' . 
  in dutch appelsien ( archaic ) and sinaasappel ( an easier form of ` china 's appel '' ) does include the appel . 
  not very surprising of course . 
  already had apples , then foreign apples came . 
  round , colourful , tasty : quite similar .
