  which is also why doom-saying on the ` arab spring ' still seems a bit premature to me . 
  i mean , damn , just compare to how long the whole french revolutionary baloney took before it was finally settled . 
  looks more like a hare or something . 
  and it may have been drawn in later . 
  and if the merchants were so secretive , why would there be an oversized bunny in a book ? 
  be still , my clanging arteries . 
  why are we pretending this is new ? 
  that this took a genius to conceive . 
  this is just about the easiest way to score points ; blame something you 've no intention to change . 
  i thought the goal was to improve . 
  you 're not having bacon and cabbage for breakfast , are you ? 
  lol , nee . 
  familiarity does not mean you think that joke is appropriate . 
  he wants milk in it , he is clearly a buffoon . 
  naw , it 's just that usually on lists where the nl are sort-of-highish on , the finns are number one . 
  but not this tiiiime . 
  suck it finland . 
  i shall have a celebratory carrot . 
  `` gee but i get the same amount of money by doing the same amount of them so i ca n't really pretend they 're leeching off of me , even though clearly the whole world revolves around me . '', 
  well , here i was thinking i had a decent grasp of english , yet i still found myself wondering ` what the fuck is a lanyard ' when i saw this thread . 
  going `` gee i wish i had more money '' seems an incentive . 
  seriously ? 
  i mean , i 'm not particularly interested in the subject , but this has definitely been covered in the seven million previous threads . 
  i 'll come in your basic . 
  it 's like inspector frost meets chernobyl . 
  it 's adorabird :3, 
  ^ ^ remove ^ ^ santekraam, 
  nature ? 
  stab it !, 
   its a krautchan.org / int / joke . 
  ah , it 's completely fucking stupid . 
  fair enough . 
  oh sure , i just think it 's shitty design . 
  i mean some silly loincloth like he 's tarzan , but then some plate boots ? 
  there 's nothing that makes him look celtic , he might as well be a hiborean in the employ of tulsa doom . 
   there is a dearth of bi and polylingual teachers , attract a few teaching foreigners to cover the gap in between now and when there 's british home-grown multilingual language teachers , maybe . 
  alreadyisasecondofficiallanguage  _ , 
  i 'd suggest french is more useful to provide a basis in the modern romance languages than latin is . 
  or maybe spanish . 
  let 's be honest , romance languages look , structurally , very little like latin did . 
  i do n't like that portrait of c\u00fa like at all . 
  now that title is really specifically designed to tug at emotions . 
  exactly . 
  lol , never . 
  but anyway , i mainly meant that the ` no/nee ' form seems more likely to be what someone is looking for . 
  besides that , the scandinav translations seem to be ` no ' as ` opposite to yes ' rather than ` lacking number ' . 
  which means it deffo is n't consistent . 
  it 's just not perfect . 
  huh ` ze loopt ' is more ` she walks ' than ` she runs ' . 
  it gives ` poo ' as ` poo ' in most of the west . 
  ai n't true . 
  's not really the point . 
  while ` there is no x ' would indeed be ` er is geen x ' that does n't mean ` geen ' is the best translation of ` no ' . 
  ` no ' as opposed to ` yes ' is of course ` nee ' . 
  yeah , * slurf * is one of many , many , many things that can refer to the penis . 
  but usually , does n't . 
  sometimes , dear freud , a cigar is just a cigar . 
   yeah , that 's true , but the british government is rolling towards giving us a referendum , and the people of / r/europe [ 1 ] seem quite offended at that idea and i 'm not sure why . 
  ai n't no-one gets offended by that . 
  extract cranium from anus , plox , there is no anti-brit pro-integration conspiracy ; all is opinion and there being people with different opinions to yours does not mean anyone is out to get you . 
  you just completely missed that sisyphus over there was like zero percent serious . 
  i did n't think it was that different . 
  nah , schlong just is n't a word in all those languages . 
  so they default to the english one , if they 've ever heard of it . 
  and dutch slurf ' is ` trunk ' as an elephant 's nosery . 
  helping people back to their country of origin is not ethnic cleansing . 
  i mean , grabbing people all willynilly and shoving them out of the country , that could be argued to be that , but the whole ` voluntary ' bit indicates their idea is not that . 
  that 's not bad . 
  this is why no-one likes uk-posters , no stupid conspiracy , it 's this shit . 
  racist, 
  always with the persecution complex, 
  for the stupid question , probably . 
  not only would it have been reasonable for him to know it , but there 's just no reason why he should ask it all ? 
  ! - wise in a thread about the man . 
  also , has apparently not watched blues brothers sufficiently . 
   also , hello to you , my friend . 
  red leicester is a delicious cheese and it 's got a wonderful name !, 
  has it not ? 
  and none of it is funny , zero percent is clever , naught is amusing . 
  oh jesus why the hetalia shit ? 
  lordy loo , please no . 
   they 're that much needed cynical voice at the back of the room that people like to ignore but deep down realize they need to hear , and the uk i 'm sorry , what ? 
  as if it 's not so that every single eu country has skeptics . 
  there 's no need for a whole petulant nation to do it . 
  ruh-roh you roused the americans who now have to prove they are superior to all the other americans by downvoting you, 
  probably just ` pim ' but that is imo one of the worst dutch names around , no wonder he went for a jokey version . 
  honestly . . 
  i had a room in belgium and studied in maastricht . 
  i shall have to collect one . 
   i do n't want to belittle the slave trade done by whites , i want to point out the bullshit in taubira and her law . 
  fair enough , i do n't know taubira . 
  i do know that far too often ` but the black guys did it too ' is used as an arugment that therefore the ( intercontinental ) slave trade was okay and just peachy , which is silly . 
  but i see you 're not saying that . 
  just hope she 's not trying to emulate friso, 
   you never hear anyone saying that white slavers bought slaves from black tribes in west africa , does n't everyone know that ? 
  but also , does that matter ? 
  i mean , yes , black tribes enslaved other black tribespeople before white slavers appeared , but said enslaving increased quite a lot simply because suddenly there was a new outside market they could be sold to . 
  plus , yeah , it was n't the african tribes who shipped africans * en masse * over the ocean in ludicrous living conditions in order to work in terrible conditions . 
  which makes the whole ` but they did it too :( ' argument seen far too often very weak indeed . 
   other factors causing the discrimination of women ( and certain other minorities ) are minor compared to it .
