  ours like an unpeeled potato but i just wanted to point out that the mantle was supesfancy, 
   man will never be free denise dootydoot, 
  turrble perspective much, 
  right ? 
  no stuffy ' i just got back from the business meeting at the finance factory and now i need a sash for this photo ' shit . 
  heh i read his name as magento and that was also fine, 
  's me . 
  best smilies : \u00fe, 
  explain why that apostrophe is there , more like . 
  obvious once again , belgium is worse than the netherlands, 
  i did n't say it was :p, 
  ... true , it would probably be easily facilitated . 
  ` anglo-saxons ' thought themselves closer to normans than to ` danes ' ( as in , vikings , which normans were not ) but still got their ass conquered and occupied :p, 
  i 'm just saying unilever is the closest thing there is to an evilevil nwo, 
  i 'd be more baffled than the great baffle of china if unilever did n't have * something * to do with aussie-made vegemite . 
  and ` marmite ' still sounds like a member of a semi-mythical warrior-tribe of homerean times . 
  tayto mostly reminds me of dara o'briain, 
  and south edinburgh golfers putt like * this *, 
  i was n't ignoring him . 
  i just do n't care about a word he says . 
  why is he a thing ? 
  who cares ? 
  lol if you think greece is a more important trade partner than the netherlands canada should be lucky you 're nowhere near in charge :p, 
  bruh, 
  well that 's fucking weird , if it 's true at all, 
  a very good atm does sound like a big money source, 
  oh ffs why do n't i get any iron i do n't even have horses oh shit my neighbours have both i do n't think i 'll last until saltpeter, 
  batter the fur taint ? 
  okay . 
  it looks worse than it sounds, 
  what the fuck is that, 
  yeah !, 
  you and your gorbenad !, 
  aw that 's sad, 
  usually i also wear pants, 
  the weirdly rounded scene ( what kinda stupid lens is this ) makes me think it 's a populous iii-world, 
  yeah like december, 
  does that include flowers ? 
  you mean more so than the ruler of gods who also throws thunder ? 
  i know dionysus was , but who is our current dionysus ? 
  i thought she was the head-baby . 
  but who is zeus ' thigh-baby ? 
  just sayin ' camorra , n'drangheta , etc, 
  you do n't want to take over southern italy . 
  it 'll just mean southern italy takes over you . 
  i feel i 'm unreasonably annoyed at zorro there . 
  maybe you guys can do like po-rus instead, 
  i think he meant ` amig ', 
  ikea might have some, 
  relevanter : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldq1lf3n1hk, 
  back away man you know you ca n't do this, 
  it brings us peace , kill it, 
  hahah awesome, 
  do you know where the first mexican post was ? 
  probably you need to accelerate really quickly . 
  in which case your kiteman is torn apart . 
  you sicko . 
  this explains things and i 'm amused by the clearly reasonable response, 
  and murcia is the murica of spain, 
  doe even normaal man . 
  i mean . 
  i 'm a bigger fan of fermented grapes than of rotten ones . 
  in the light of , you know world war ii , it seems fucking weak to call it pc to point out that maybe `` higher-grade race '' is n't a nice thing to say . 
  how can you miss his jokes this bad ? 
  what made you like this ? 
  i mean . 
  it probably does . 
  what makes slovakia tin-pot ? 
  that reminds me i got a slovakian euro today . 
  never even seen one before, 
  maybe it 's the nibelungen ring . 
  or that one that basically says ` made in mordor ', 
  here ? 
  not much to see tbh, 
  they do know empires , those brits . 
  they also know drug wars and not much else . 
  nah bro the saljuqs of rum . 
  turkey is rome !, 
  i did n't . 
  they were at the expense of romania . 
  i was just yanking your chain, 
  it 's a map with pictures how could you doubt it, 
  i mean , there 's special k, 
  ` was sometimes used ' by romanians, 
  the last one is a wolf in sheep 's clothing, 
  your old english yetis are cool, 
  what is this , spain ? 
  germans are doing it wrong . 
  come on , do n't romance your days . 
  even the english do better than that . 
  because we do n't like biking up mountains, 
  of course there 's heineken, 
  as usual the dutch question is both relevant and intelligent . 
  those cuts look badly shopped for some reason . 
  let 's all jump the queen, 
  it 's britain , so probably the poles somehow, 
  that 's clearly overpriced , how rude, 
  does jizzing count as littering, 
  afaik , frisian also has a word ` knyft ', 
  no taggart ?
