  might well be actually adopted as the official , of course . 
   who said we would n't take over ? 
  facts . 
  yeah , the kind of people who go ` everything i say is racist according to * completelyfabricatedstrawman * ', 
  when the moon hits the sky like a big pizza pie, 
  heh i knew it was a seinfeld thing but your `` i have n't a scoobie '' was far more entertaining . 
  does n't that mean they 're both ` first nations ' ? 
  ` how australia deals with this ' has been dealt with . 
  sweet , starts good . 
  i 've also seen mongolian rockband hanggai live once . 
  also cool . 
  mine too . 
  i 'm now more depressed and hopeless about the future of humanity than ever . 
  brit-hate my ass , you thinskinned fuck, 
  i 'm now singing this as per ` goldfinger ' tune . 
  ... has its captain been expecting you , mister bond ? 
  that 's interesting to know , thanks . 
  though the direct flights seem beyond the scope of current european wishes , he might have a point about the policy . 
  also insert obligatory joke about safe countries in the balkans on the dotted line : ... ... ... 
  neither do i but i 'm faaaairly certain it 's not because ` that would be racist ' or ` we get diversity and tolerance now ' . 
  i 'd like to assume * someone * is actually busy formulating a plan for this , but that might be a hope beyond hope . 
  i presume good relations with the north-african countries would be essential though . 
  bring a hat . 
  awesome . 
  so does the bride just show up with hundreds of shoes ? 
  marinus van der lubbe * definitely * did n't do it !, 
  kitty, 
  notebook ? 
  it 's a laptop , dammit . 
  a notebook is a book . 
  for notes . 
  does an old gatehouse count ? 
  in that case it 's the * sassenpoort * . 
  otherwise i do n't know , off the top of my head , which one is closest . 
  no he 's joking he wants to keep being angry , so assumes the latter one . 
  only if superior western culture-makers had asparagus for dinner . 
  ( psst , dat is poetin ), 
  oof i do n't think i could manage even one bottle of bee . 
  are you seriously defending the idea that it 's okay to piss on people you do n't like ? 
  i have this one http://imgur.com/thpkp2q got it from / u/theactualawdev, 
  coffee-related accident ? 
  and i did n't forget to buy coffee, 
  how, 
  their yoghurt is also more famous than yours !, 
  even i could shoot those, 
  a pious man is n't a god so is ungodly : b, 
  buy a new clock, 
  not sure what to do . 
  finally finished something school-y yesterday and now i 'm just waiting . 
  do have some other stuff to take care of though /, 
  i thought that had been done a long , long time ago ? 
  yeah but brits take it as an anti-british crusade . 
  nah , i just never liked it . 
  i enjoyed kopspijkers when i was young . 
  toen was geluk very much less so . 
  why, 
  never too much !, 
  you should really check again 'cause your info might be up to date until 1944 . 
  hence the ` yet ' . 
  sooper sekrit breeding programmes . 
  i know , i know . 
  lytse alk : b also not entirely correctly i believe he left it to three sons so there was a middle francia . 
  but i was being rhetorical all ancient greeksy-like . 
  because y' all emigrants have n't succeeded yet ? 
   ( not pride speaking here , just talking about which came first ) similarly , why is n't germany part of france ? 
  oh you meant the ` would of ' . 
  i kiiinda agree but i meant my comment to refer to your emoticlusterfuck . 
  why would you do that indeed . 
   too bad he was captured on his homeland territory . 
  should have called ` base ', 
  get some dynamite , a cadre of hardass gunslingers and spring him out . 
  it 's the wild wild east . 
  somewhat off-topic but i propose liberia and sierra leone be renamed diberia and eierra leone instead . 
  aww what a sweet idea . 
  he assumed dutch , but the hansje brinker story is american . 
  in that case , there is a 'd ' missing . 
  i am so smart s-m-r-t i am so smart, 
  does anyone remember streetwars ? 
  with giant cockroaches just roaming the neighbourhood when they infested a tenancy . 
  these were their names . 
  rust in koe , superboer , rust in koe . 
  a hilarious cunt !, 
  also scotsman and amused, 
  ` ere , lucifer , what 's a starmorning ? 
  waaait i just realized i parsed it wrongly as ` starm ' . 
  cool name lightbearer . 
  so what is frankie boyle ? 
  with one key difference ; the dutch can count . 
  haha , he said healthy . 
  or just play ck2 instead and pick a holy war . 
  is it because of the pipeweed ? 
  bloody foreigners , coming here , ruining our knees . 
  arrow just points vaguely in that direction . 
  my point exactly, 
  because no one in the history of ever gives a shit about ulm . 
  edit ; i am mistaken . 
  i just saw a diploma of motherfucking einstein in an askreddit thread and he ... well here it is https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3h7s2f/what_is_your_favorite_fake_fact/cu5kzqp, 
  wow , never heard of cluj-napoca except twice today . 
  ( a mock the week outtakes video mentioned * the cheeky girls * ), 
  i kinda like it .
