  ridiculous that this post has more downvotes than the one about some troll wanting to torpedo the refugees . 
  wow, 
  wow, 
  \u00e5r y\u00f8\u00fa f\u00f3r r\u00e6l ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ purpleheart, 
  it 's * fine *, 
  and i 'm explaining that the criticism of the uk is n't necessarily anti-uk . 
   surprising ? 
  uk catches flak on a regular basis ... because shit like this happens on a regular basis . 
  i have dutch vodka . 
  with danish flags on . 
  we 'll just shoo all that water up the rhine . 
  switzerland no longer landlocked . 
   mr bean blackadder !, 
  dear uk , you 're not as hated as you think you are . 
  dear mofrika , you 're practically us , it 's sibling rivalry . 
  dear belgium , you 're not quite as dumb as our jokes imply . 
  dear italy , i love your food and your movies . 
  ooh , yes . 
  i 've even touted the bern one multiple times . 
  nice name , too , mr donia . 
  i 'm personally not that convinced of the danish connection though . 
  at least , on the top of my head most frisian words are far more similar to english , dutch and german . 
  edit ; but then my danish vocabulary is more or less limited to ` halvtreds ' , ` jeg taler ikke dansk ' , ` tak !, 
  ' , and a few other bits and bobs . 
  sorry , i was actually going to folow a potential interesting link i 'd seen here but forgot . 
  :p edit , that was [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/etymologymaps ) but i do n't see anything . 
   if their nation/culture sprung from the hellenistic civilization why would everyone rather use the name greek ? 
  because it did n't, 
  oh probably . 
  well . 
  hey . 
  how ` bout that . 
  it 's not a lethal fight surely , bludgeoning one another with the biggest dictionaries found ? 
  especially those bits in scotland . 
  or should i say scotrograd, 
  different language roots , and often they may well be descriptions from one people about another people , mentioned to a third . 
  because everybody pronounces things differently . 
  assuming you 're not dutch ; try pronouncing ` nederland ' and then consider that it 's probably not the way the dutch pronounce it . 
  while you 're at it , try pronouncing ` frysl\u00e2n ' :p, 
  dude it 's siebenb\u00fcrgen, 
  uh , no . 
  this has a chance of having some interesting threads . 
  makes so much sense and is yet so disappointing . 
  i want to go there and ride motorcycles . 
  or maybe one of them quad-thingummies so i do n't fall over . 
  ooooh if only if only if only . 
  my bank account would be so appreciative and my liver , wellll ... 
  that 's nice . 
  goes well with agressive russia making enemies everywhere . 
   but makes the dutch respond we have submarines ? 
   potential because of this, 
  dunno , some latent grudge could still be there . 
  d'oy of course . 
  was the romanian intentional up north there ? 
  nl darker green than belgium ? 
  i like the cut of your gibberish . 
  :'( orange best colour though, 
  from an irish point of view ; mostly everything i 'd imagine . 
  two per 10 million are needed . 
  socrates kinda already is , spinning man . 
   in case you did n't know , the middle east is where the islam originated also judaism , christianity , and zoroastrianism . 
  [ let 's start a war . 
  start a nuclear war . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xnfokmdkre ) edit post amended by replacing the one with narutocrap, 
  rustrictions up the wazzoo, 
  not right . 
  but they will carry the day . 
  every umbrella should be black for proper appreciation of life . 
  awesome, 
  awesome, 
  : i :(  :(  frysian :d that peculiar spelling somehow cheers me up sometimes . 
  ahh travian . 
  that sounds better . 
   in any forum where people of diverse backgrounds come together to discuss common issues , they will need to adopt a single common language , which miiight just be why every time someone says something in two languages one of these is english ? 
   i see how it is , / r/europe [ 1 ] . 
  i feel , whastheterm , suffusion may have something to do with it . 
  i see britons calling frenchmen arrogant far and far more often than i see frenchmen calling britons uncultured . 
  mostly because the frenchmen of / r/europe seem to be sweethearts . 
  i think the ban has been removed . 
  i 'm honestly only repeating what i vaguely recall from qi xl high and low :p, 
  oooh very nice , thanks . 
  in a slightly gloopy sort of way , what 's in those ? 
   haggis has such an infamous reputation in the state was smuggled until quite recently too because of the lungs . 
  i would vote for add pictures, 
  that looks adorable somehow . 
   that does n't reflect in the present day economy of flanders though . 
  eh it sort of does . 
  i get your point though , but a long-term strong economy would be fairly strong still here . 
  but i thought that was kind of what was meant ; early on actively blocked for a while , and then the whole dredging issue may have put the actual blockade to mind . 
   a few centuries ? 
  is n't the entire discussion about the schelde more a recent fenomenon ? 
  and to be frank : the netherlands and belgium made some arrangements regarding the schelde . 
  eh , pretty early on amsterdam actually blocked the schelde for a while , in like the seventeenth century . 
  yeah but i was n't sure how to come to grips with it . 
  this seems far fetched , especially seeing as how dutch politics has been moving right for years . 
  . . wow . 
  odd . 
  maybe either of the sources ( as in , qi vs telegraph ) was mistaken , or perhaps the slap had been a mostly automatic reaction , with her later considering it was n't a bad thing for him to have done . 
  four thousand sounds like a massive amount, 
  oh that one .
