  hard to get more than nutrients in the womb . 
  as was december 8 ), 
  eh , i fairly often manage a semblance to a conversation at my local ( dutch ) super . 
  i love these pictures . 
  for my peace of mind i firmly believe theredpill is a bunch of trolls jerking together . 
  do n't shatter this illusion , man . 
  err , yeah . 
  i 've often seen the eypo thingie . 
  good example . 
  but surely if you can answer either ( presumably due to having been in contact with the cultures ) , you can add to such threads ? 
  okay , that 's good of you , it really is . 
  i do n't like this shadowremove shit at all and would kindly ask anyone thinking of trying so to refrain from it . 
  there is no sense in hiding away contrary opinions ; debate is always preferable . 
  -- that said , i still think it 's dopey shit . 
  let me start with gay couple symbolizing decadence and weakness ; not only did you not explain why you think so , but the entire position seems inherently absurd as it apparently seems to condemn ` freedom ' ( even if in a specific sense ) as decadent . 
  and perhaps happiness as weakness ? 
  decadent i 'd imagine someone who 'd glut themselves so fat they needed new toys just to move around , weakness i 'd imagine someone starved to death , riddled with disease . 
  and that 's only physical . 
  decadence is greed , but can the wish to be accepted for who and what you are be greedy ? 
  is that not the most natural thing a human can want ? 
  weakness ? 
  those who hide themselves from equal footing , ensuring superiority by non-self means , surely those are the weak ones . 
  how can an open affection which had long been banned , is still frowned upon , and is often even legally punishable by death ( luckily not in europe ) be weakness ? 
  if anything it should be a symbol of strength !, 
  a symbol of `` we 're okay with other people doing what they want , as long as it does not actively harm others '' can only mean a strong society . 
  how can it be weak to want to live your own life ? 
  how can it be weak to allow another , without trying to destroy them for it , to be themselves ? 
  in what manner can a gay couple be decadence and weakness ? 
  the decadence of freedom ? 
  of choice ? 
  of equality or indeed of brotherhood as you quote ? 
  let people be people . 
  a society willing to forgive each other for percieved flaws of whatever kind and willing to move on from that can only be a strong one , surely ? 
  how to break a steel chain ? 
  and frankly , could not rely on in a war ? 
  who can you rely on in a war ? 
  the overwhelming majority in any army aims to miss , unconsciously . 
  without regard to race , creed , gender or preferences . 
  how does sexual preference manage to impact on reliability in war ? 
  you admit yourself gay people can be tough ( and often have had to !, 
  ) , well i suggest they can also be brave . 
  can also be willing to self-sacrifice , willing to help their fellow soldier , willing to fight for their beliefs . 
  they can be tough , can be tactically sound , can be made to carry the same loads , to face the same difficulties . 
  in what measure can a man who prefers other men be regarded as a worse person than a man who prefers women ? 
  the only measure i can think of which might be vaguely realistic is in making children . 
  which one can hardly claim there 's too few of , but even if necessary , if it truly must ? 
  they can be brave . 
  they can be self-sacrificing , they can do what must be done whatever their personal preference . 
  this is why i think your post is fucking idiotic , it seems to rely on stereotype and ignorance in order to portray a gay person as an inherently lower being . 
  and quite frankly the babbling about ` liberal ' and ` conservative ' minds seems ludicrous too . 
  only one type of conservative , and one type of liberal . 
  all conservatives adhere strictly to this type , and all liberals adhere strictly to theirs . 
  there is no room , in that paragraph , for all the different thoughts , experiences , emotions that make the human heart . 
   it was not removed . 
  it was just downvoted below your threshold by the usual unthinking pc crowd . 
  http://i.imgur.com/mhmkbym.png it was clearly deleted . 
  when it 's downvoted it does n't say [ deleted ] . 
  you removed it because you 're too afraid to stand by your silly words , / u/shenpen , and now you try to look superiour . 
  edit ; and now i see it again . 
  determine one ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  also probably best not to invite the silly subreddits like / r/inglin or / r/murica but preferably slightly more serious ones , should `` ask a nationality '' take off beyond european countries . 
  how didyer do your own research which lead to this ? 
  weakness and decadence ? 
  maybe you 're a fucking idiot rather than a conservative . 
  edit ; well this had an unexpected turn of events . 
  the comment i replied to was removed , i rather expected a petty debate when i thought back at my post . 
  the same orphans who 'd prefer gay parents over no parents , you mean ? 
  i 'm serious ; given that there are still orphans , there 's clearly not enough couples willing to adopt . 
  making it entirely beneficial to allow more people , as long as they can do a good job , to adopt . 
  orphans get parents , couples get children , what more can you want ? 
  as long as there 's orphans it seems to me that anyone remotely likely to do a decent job of raising them * and willing to * should be allowed to , whatever genitals they prefer where . 
  yes , orphans may prefer straight couples , but are there enough straight couples who want to take all the orphans in ? 
  that 's the important part . 
  all else is foolishness and there are no decent arguments to be made against adoption by same-sex couples . 
  they 're not a realistic question to ask an orphan , is what i 'm saying . 
  that 's a nice castle you 've got there . 
  it sure is . 
  would n't want anything to happen to it , now would you ? 
  also , when you mention florida without hurricanes , does that include the alligators ? 
  dat was interessant !, 
  i 'm certainly going to look at more of their clips , interesting how the eu works so far . 
  yes !, 
  then we can use all of spain for our retirees . 
  the only thing that can and should be done about euroscepticism is the improvement of the system of the eu . 
  the improvement of every system of the eu . 
  that 's the value in detractors ; they point out flaws . 
  i can imagine , however , that you get quite inundated with anti-eu rhetoric , which is not the most constructive criticism . 
   if you were a child and have a choice , who would you choose ? 
  between straight and gay parents or between gay and no parents ? 
  because the latter is the realistic choice . 
  if someone 's up for adoption , it 's likely they 'll choose pretty much anybody . 
  which makes it fairly silly to ask `` do you prefer a straight couple or a gay one '' when the answer is `` any will do . '', 
  that 's a good one . 
  only get a vote in your country of residence . 
  but it still seems , to me , up to each country to decide . 
  well , til . 
  `` erdapfel '' is better , though . 
  closer to ` aardappel ' , so better . 
  beets was born in bonn , though , and ` ludwig ' was certainly not a dutch name .
