  the more you 've drunk - the less you taste . 
  i was expeting bovril/beef/brick edit ; i was done with these prats in thirty seconds . 
  everything east of frankfurt-am-main is eastern europe . 
  until you reach russia/turkey , of course . 
  yes it translates to germany, 
  vo so hard many metal, 
  and i 've never been to the caucasus, 
  i 'm just picturing $ 200 worth of salt as a big bag . 
  put a tap in it to refill the salt shakers . 
  in dutch it 's a specific river tho, 
  none of those are even near leaving, 
  know what ? 
  i 'm just gon na assume all ` traditional ' dress was invented by 19th century romantics with a love for filligree and absinthe and this , at least , is honest . 
  do you expect them to flounce pinkishly and glittering or something ? 
  this is why nobody likes the balkans, 
   dutch serve stuff like raw fish together with beans and milk for god 's sake !, 
  i thought people just suffered through cricket, 
  ice-cold just means it tastes less like heineken . 
  every pisswasser is okay when freezing cold, 
  they 're the hre of beers tho, 
  is n't westvleeteren 12 best beer in the world right now ? 
  that 's like the abbey-est of abbey-beers . 
  the most monkey of monk-brews . 
  annoyingly , they 're different companies, 
  this . 
  fairly obviously . 
  hence why the entire rest of this thread is bollocks, 
  oh that is exactly the wrong reason  : u, 
  me neither ... a bit too creamy, 
  with taytos ? 
  you fuck, 
  i 'll give yous a hot meat sandwich, 
   the right loves to pretend europe is under some kind of failed state and under shariah law . 
  it 's kind of a pornography with them . 
  even / r/europe does basically the same about sweden, 
  basically the same celts as in hibernia tbf, 
  dublin area might be larger than what is depicted , they might not actually have drawn all buildings , your assumption of 7 people might be low-balling it and only two-thirds of buildings are inhabited ? 
  how do they access that bay from the town ? 
  also , that 's a fair city you got there . 
  nice . 
  i did n't realize you had a shitposting monopoly, 
  because there has never been a cultural marxism . 
  have you since tried ? 
  also in frisian https://www.stripaap.nl/24590-large_default/asterix-taal-fries-de-grutte-kleau-1e-druk-1981.jpg, 
  oh right . 
  i figured the environmental ones had to be fairly new, 
  interesting . 
  also i have n't really read them recently so i may simply not have seen this . 
  is it still franquin who runs gaston ? 
  of course it is, 
  :( poor mole, 
  i used to have the impression it was merely set in the same world so to say, 
  luckily , guust does not mean olivier . 
  holy shit he does ? 
  ( also his car was like half of that environmental damage ), 
  fuck is that, 
  i love that elephant, 
  yes . 
  towns are artificial . 
  have you considered therapy ? 
  because this is clearly abuse . 
  hello albert and ren\u00e9 ketsman drew asterix and obelix, 
  dutch ; asterix , obelix , panoramix , hoefnix , abraracourcix , assurancetourix , nestorix , kostunrix . 
  also id\u00e9fix , you savages . 
  ( puns ; hoefnix looks like ` hoef niks ' - do n't need/want any and ` hoef ' is also ` hoof ' . 
  nestorix - straightforward nod to ` nestor ' . 
  kostunrix - ` kost een riks ' - costs a rijksdaalder which was 2,5 guilders ) of the frisian versions i mostly recall panoramix being krudemix instead ( ` herb mixture ' ), 
  i 'm 27 and i still have a bunch . 
  too bad neither my brothers nor i thought to take them with us . 
  i only have a few i bought myself and newer ai n't really better . 
  yo who drew this, 
  ... luckily , nordic is also mostly germanic . 
  i understand completely that that is a milton . 
  you said you 'd do it and then you did n't but i 'm the lazy one ? 
  i invite you to put up or shut up . 
  i 'm no going to find your evidence for you yo, 
  ehhhh still debatable but more accurate, 
  ... putin ? 
  invisible data and metrics or are you just assuming he 's right and has data and metrics to support his claim ? 
   lets also not forget that almost all european languages come from latin the rest is interesting and new to me but this is plain not true . 
  not a single thing of this is true . 
  except possibly 1 blow fight - which is what happens with the right weapons . 
  are you for real, 
  dude should have wacked it slightly harder for that one last fold, 
  haha yes . 
  just ` klont ' and weird curved blade is stuck in jorarmpit, 
  my paper armour will stop everything !, 
  haha oh scheisse i misread the flair constantly . 
  ... it 's you who 's confused . 
  he never said anglo-saxons made the first settling in scotland ( which would be retarded ) but that they also settled it . 
  much like they also settled in roman-celtic england . 
  much like franks settling also roman-celtic ( or galloroman ) france . 
  is it from moscow in polish ? 
  `` in asia '', 
  then aa and ab ? 
  all rioters ? 
  talk about it indeed because it takes a peculiar fool to think this means or resembles an alliance between feminism and islam . 
  be honest for once for fuck 's sake . 
  way you wrote that made me think it was real rather than obviously shopped to be shocking . 
  lol,
