  what kind of heretical czechsquare do i see there ? 
  i do n't think everything done by humans is unnatural tho, 
  then the biker mice would have punched him, 
  cop was lucky it had been emptied , then . 
  which is also what you seemed to be saying ? 
  gay sex animals do is natural . 
  is what you said . 
  fucking is definitely one of the more animal-parts of human nature , but somehow human gay sex is not natural ? 
  i mean , it might be a bit overblown but there 's a porstate there . 
  and even those unfortunate enough to be without prostate may still derive pleasure from being buttfucked, 
  - the candystore 7/11, 
  what the actual, 
  the glorious best and serene most democratic people 's republic of north , south , middle and moon korea . 
  the democratic people 's republic of north korea is also called the democratic people 's republic for a reason . 
  oh no i did n't realize it was ill, 
  -1 for saying it, 
  yeah , this is not going to be helpful much, 
  pls, 
  sharia patrols ? 
  in my europe ? 
  does n't quite tickle my funny bone tbh, 
  now your draftees can go all `` stop !, 
  you violated the law , pay the court a fine or serve your sentence . '', 
  the land of the po . 
  so , italy . 
  of all the crummy theories for why rome fell ... this is one of the crummiest . 
  i thought serbia was the russia of the balkans, 
  what ? 
   would it be more `` progressive '' if i just act deaf ? 
  sure . 
  here 's my offical stamp : @stamp @, 
  judging by the title . . that 's not bender . 
  it should be bender . 
  ladies and gentlemen . . this is mambo number five, 
  i do . 
  it 's me . 
  neither have i , i 've heard it 's full of ... 
  * foreigners . 
  never go against the family . 
  fool of a took !, 
  yeah but they just have that low-grade politician tarnish . 
  parties going all ` lol we 're the law and order and justice and development party ' are like extra not reliable . 
  like if a country has multiple stresses of how democratic it is in its long-form name - then it 's not democratic . 
  ooh i think i read ` democrat ', 
  but . . then it would n't be gold, 
  loonies , toonies and big ol' moonies . 
  ever played the game evil genius ? 
  'cause there 's a million dollar bill stealable for \u00fcberloot . 
  i want one now, 
  what a dicktato . 
  also i just woke up and the thumbnail looked like a de-wigged trump with a hitler stache for a mo. 
  i cackled, 
  wow , what is this , 1940 :'(, 
  according to qi , brits are the second worst perp, 
  yes , that 's vaguely my point :p, 
  what are they , the zerg ? 
  conquering iberia is n't even comparable to conquering the actual frankish realm , i 'd be staggered if they even had the capabilities to do so . 
  my point is more : there 's little reason to view them as harbingers of the apocalypse . 
  does what little difference there was between the religions * at the time * really matter that much ? 
  son , * take cover . 
  a type of , i think . 
  second , probably . 
  kind of like how atilla probably did n't whip his enemies to death but was still ` the scourge ( of god ) ', 
  in dutch it means ` torture ', 
  at what pointwas ` western europe ' rather than ` that bit of france ' in danger ? 
  does spain not count as western europe ? 
  remaining quite unsaved ? 
  is it cool then that invasions with a strong by-goal of converting is done by christians ( see what the karlings did to frisians and saxons ) but not when it 's muslims ? 
  sure , it was a big deal . 
   curved swords  8th century  western muslims doth not compute, 
  given that this pillock then marched north to conquer , murder and forcibly christianize the frisians - fuck him and the horse he rode in on . 
  chap 's no better than abd-al-rahman and his chappies . 
  sweeeet probably activatable in game files, 
  there 's frisians in rome2 ? 
  there 's frisians in rome2 ? 
  brilliantly retarded . 
  cause those ( libyan ) coast guard who try to bring people attempting to cross the med back to africa ? 
  they 'll respond to the sos as well . 
  you know who wo n't ? 
  the people smugglers . 
  this . 
  am i wrong at all ? 
  looks like a giant with an ushanka, 
  thank you , fm_me, 
  yeah i understood . 
  i mistook you guys for croats . 
  i 'd be suprrised if they did n't tbh , unless they were nowhere near roman limes for very long . 
  also - does the realm of syagrius count as romans ? 
  just a pranc bro, 
  lol . 
  buncha leches . 
  also that 's not polish , it 's clearly frisian . 
  they 're just a bunch of crazy swedes and goths, 
  wait what , how the fuck do you intend to compare the two ? 
  this is rich coming from a serb who ca n't read cyrillic, 
  they think the uk has some sort of grudgy hateboner for france - which is sorta true - and as a cherry on top of the shitpost they declared france to be the uk 's maker . 
  of course norway is safe . 
  so is sweden . 
  at this point i will treat all of the balkans continuously as a joke : because every single one of you is a depressing motherfucker . 
  i got two one cent coins from a slovakian friend .
