  you might also not realise how influential mosques are and how the foster an attitude of segregation . 
   i used to be best friends with the son of the local imam , who was comparatively progressive . 
  because of that , his superiors sent him to some shitty oxcart village in turkey and replaced him with someone more `` fitting '' . 
  considering that his son , my former best friend , would later shield his eyes when he saw women without head towels , that says quite a bit about turkish attitudes . 
  that 's terrible . 
  but again , is islam itself the problem there , or conservative-minded assholes ? 
  :p like , is the concept of catholicism to blame for the child molestation scandals ? 
   they 've enabled getto-isation for decades . 
  what , more so than all the other parties ? 
  are you sure that 's an accusation you want to level at the pvda ? 
  they probably did understand why , they just did n't agree . 
  lol , that ca n't be a surprise with this thread subject , bernie . 
  do n't do that eye-shit , those are problem parts , definitely . 
  but is islam really the only or the major factor creating those problems ? 
  and pvda has nothing to do with this . 
  also i like how in one sentence you want bestemmingsplan to consider the shitty lives of those fat unhappy women , and in the next sentence you call them ninjas . 
  i 'm sure a lack of empathy makes things nicer for them . 
  funnily , ` tokkie ' ( jeweettoch ) is probably a dutchification of the huguenot name ` touquet ' . 
  lol , liberals ? 
  slightly tangenitally ; scots-english and frisian share ` bairn ' / ` bern ' for kiddies, 
  loada shit . 
  if said ` leading historian ' is even a historian they 'd fucking know that some similarities doth not a repeat make , and anyone who thinks europe is even remotely similar to 1914 europe has their head up their arse . 
  huh . 
  poor design , reddit !, 
  yeah , indeed it seems a double plural . 
  if i recall correctly ` eier ' is also the correct plural in most forms of dutch low-saxon . 
  i 'm not going to do it about frisian because that 's not a dialect , but i was raised speaking [ bildts ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bildts ) , so i 'm going to do that . 
  also ( ` eien ' is not dutch for eggs , that would be ` eieren ' . 
  yeah ) example 1 : wat is der met dij ? 
  for very large parts very similar therefore to dutch , and also rather similar to frisian in some respects which are not fully shown in those example . 
  to show a bit more i 'm going to provide the first sentence of this post also in dutch , frisian and bildts . 
  ik sil it net oer ' t fysk ha , want dat is gjin dialekt , mar ik bin al mei it bildtsk opgroeid ( not actually sure here ) , dus sil ik dat mar dwaan . 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  how does that ` comic ' have anything to do with ` educated discussion about labor markets and innovation ? ', 
  maybe you should look what the things you reply to are replies to , rather than assume everything is somehow about you/against you . 
   that was because of the survey . 
  one can only have one sticky at a time . 
  huh , really ? 
  oh yeah , the big bad muslims , blame everything on them !, 
  what drives a man to be neutral ? 
  are you seriously doing what i think you 're doing ? 
  like , all of it . 
  ahhh . 
  now i get it . 
  i thought he was implying the bankers were getting bashed , rather than the brits . 
  a volkskrant page on the washingtonpost site ? 
  big whoop , he 's got a skilift . 
  fat chance he 's going to draw all that ski tourism away from where it is now . 
  what 's the flip off ? 
  sounds great . 
  fair enough , maybe they just seem very easy to me because school taught me rudimentary german well enough . 
  an abuse of emergency powers ca n't be a good thing . 
  tricksy buggers . 
  but yeah , i got your point , my question was meant more to acknowledge it . 
  why would shutting down a broadcaster require emergency action ? 
  but not everybody hates each other ? 
  and not joining might be , from their point of view , worse than joining . 
  a secret one even !, 
  not * everything * is about the uk, 
  does that really need translation ? 
  hrrrrrg, 
  i was going to !, 
  but ' t smikkelhoekje was closed !, 
  and i like their mcflurries . 
  `` hell & damnation '' would be better imo . 
  clearly i shall have to try de molen - hell & verdoemenis . 
  what a tweest, 
  i went to mcdonalds and yall making me feel worse about it . 
  do n't , do n't take this from me , man . 
  say what you want , but the telegraph knows its audience . 
  `` despite the 42-hour journey , which takes two days '', 
  hey , they 're your legs . 
  i traditionally ear loud bangs . 
     ukip would also withdraw from the european convention of human rights , the eu charter of fundamental rights and the european convention on refugees . 
  as it stands these charters streamline the process for asylum and accord asylum seekers some rights . 
  could easily be the case . 
  plus mijter  silly stupid floppy hat thing . 
  leftenant on the lieu . 
  probably not , to be honest . 
  saves a lot of effort . 
       the new king gave his first christmas speech . 
  as did ours !, 
  which was clearly better . 
  my guess is that that was the intention . 
  look a bit like c\u00f4te d'ors chocotoffs . 
  i knew it !, 
  saddam is n't dead !, 
  wake up people !, 
  except for that one guy who keeps sharpening a blade , right ? 
  arme kerel . 
  hey op , what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  what makes you think `` haha look at the president of my non-european country not entirely living up to expectations , hahaha you fell for him , hahaa we are better than you . '', 
  is a good thread to post in / r/europe ? 
  as if it was us that elected him . 
  feck orf and go to some libertard reddit instead or something . 
  nono , they have to * commit * . 
  you know , no business like showbusiness . 
  ( besides , historical precedence ! ), 
  occasionally interrupted by hoplite fights !, 
   the idea is that all combined firepower under control of the ministry of the interior should be comparable to the army under control of the ministry of defense , as a safeguard against coups .
