  three outta five . 
   honestly terraforming mars is easier than turkey 's eu membership . 
  awright , let 's get started . 
  they 're not looking for milk and honey , they 're looking for a ` bit better . ', 
  guide them back to africa ? 
  that wo n't solve the problem . 
  they 'll just try again , like immediately . 
  shit needs more than just `` go away plix . '', 
  i just assumed he had already been on the interpol page before becoming ceo . 
  oh yes , and i see the point . 
   my religious history knowledge is pretty abysmal but i associate christianity a lot more with europe than central asia and the middle east . 
  fair enough , but syria had christians before france did . 
  i do n't much like popcorn either way . 
  reminds me of piepschuim . 
  presumably , they 're trying to be diplomatic about it . 
  and/or are n't entirely sure where to grab him . 
  ah , i have lived ( next to ) there , but no longer . 
  :p maastricht uni is purportedly pretty nice , though . 
  i actually know a bulgarian girl who had travelled quite a lot and was in her master 's year at maastricht university . 
  i think she works in the netherlands as tax lawyer now . 
  but does n't that ` scots ' refer to scots english , the germanic form , rather than gaelic scots ? 
  oh , which dutch one do you study at ? 
  i 've been toying a little with going to scotland , but probably not . 
  haha , nice . 
  but no thanks , the discussion is over as far as i 'm concerned . 
  stop posting the same thing twice all the time . 
  quit with the persecution complex , i just read / r/europe a lot , like you do . 
  and when i see stupid posts , like the ones you make , i comment on them . 
  that 's not me following you , that 's us running into each other . 
  you need to smarten up . 
  stop taking everything so stupidly . 
  thank you genius , i know what polandball is . 
  what i was saying was that every country but the anglophone ones have crooked sentence structure when speaking english in these comics ; the sentence structures are intended to humourously reflect the structures of their native languages . 
  same polandball where natively anglophones do n't build sentences that way ? 
  yes, 
  oops , i missed the context . 
  i just saw `` fucking friesland '' and not / u/netaddicted 's post . 
  my bad , 't was accurate . 
  i 'll think about it , for sure . 
  i sent one to poland as well , but i think i need different stamps to send one us-way . 
  plus i think i never put a return address on the one to poland , but you 'd probably need one if you want to send one back . 
  though i could tell you as well . 
  that would have been better , but i vaguely recall a penis-size chart in / r/europe where the dutch were a bit above average . 
  :p http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1eijxa/penis_size_across_europe/ http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/17hx1e/a_totally_worthless_but_perhaps_fun_map_of/ probably of dubious veracity . 
  in dutch it 's also , officially ` koninkrijk der nederlanden ' ( plural , there . ), 
  right , but iirc , those ( together with ` west-frisian ' ) are branches of the frisian branch of the anglo-frisian branch of the west-germanic branch of the germanic branch of the indo-european language tree . 
  u wot m8, 
  mislukte vlaming :p, 
  yeah , on horse , and you wear the wings , not the bus . 
  visit netherlands . 
  smoke some tulips , admire some weed , etc. 
  that 's diculous . 
  in the netherlands it 's either 10 or 20 as the lowest . 
  and of course only the machines i need a tenner from never have one . 
  you having never heard of it does n't make it a myth . 
  you probably could if you tried . 
  and if they slowed down a spot . 
  and if you constantly compare frisian words to other west-germanic words . 
  and sometimes french . 
  see , simple . 
  i 'd have to use german money , ew . 
  oookay . 
  i disagree with those two , but okay . 
  understood . 
  go for it, 
  and then you realize you 're in italy , right ? 
  alternatively ; black market cigarette-trade becomes more and more prevalent as the most heavily addicted do n't want this added to their nhs bill . 
  convenient , nice . 
  i see what you mean , but that does n't answer my question . 
  i 've never seen them in the netherlands is all . 
  you guys have smoke vending machines which take notes ? 
   listen buddy , i do n't care what the fuck you think . 
  then why did you ask ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/c9/soiling_of_old_glory.jpg ), 
  at least in the west-is-the-best proper frysl\u00e2n . 
  :p not mof-east-waalkes frisia . 
  i ca n't really stand milk in tea . 
  though i drink coffee for breakfast , so we might differ on ` bitter edge ' . 
  not if i get to be muriel , i mean , i have hair . 
  i 'd buy a dog and call it courage . 
  thought it sounded too good to be true . 
  thanks !, 
  cat :(, 
  should be possible in the netherlands . 
  hey swede , my roommate said yesterday he 's seen huge houses for sale for like $ 20k in sweden , does that ring at all true to you ? 
  oh i see , you were referring to two-party systems . 
  i honestly ca n't consider them very democratic , but i realize i should have left more space in my thoughts to accomodate mentions of it . 
  are you familiar with the democracy-system videos by cgp grey on youtube ? 
  i think those are quite interesting . 
  and about the district system , i meant `` equal weight and value '' as with `` equal amounts of votes with each the same value '' . 
  so i suppose that a denser area has more , but smaller , districts while sparsely populated areas might have huge ones simply to accomodate sufficient voters . 
  though frankly i could probably still except , in such a system , larger urban areas could become very infleuntial indeed . 
  jesus , stop with the villifying first , but secondly i guess i can see your point that it 's nigh-impossible to escape a democracy . 
  but i think you 're heavily overplaying the ` majority vs minority ' thing . 
  as elsewhere in the thread ; consensus is invaluable , there should be no tough shit involved ; majorities still have to work towards consensu with minorities . 
  it might happen the consensus is n't quite 50/50 with the minority , but is that so bad ? 
  the result in such a consensus more accurately related to the opinions of the voters than if a majority pushes its will and the minority ups sticks and leaves over it . 
  well to be fair , communism never ` turned out ' :p no state has ever reached communism . 
  but certainly , those who tried ran into some difficulties . 
  anyway , would you approve of and do you think it possible to make a representative democracy more direct ?
