  * it made no point , it cast no criticism , it was simply a snide but safe lie . 
  i do n't know about society . 
  just forums do n't really do it . 
  because it 's a lot easier to just yell really loudly than support stuff . 
  i now see ganymede has been downvoted , which also does n't help . 
  to be honest i have seen a lot more people coming with an ` the leftists ( wtf term is that anyway ) will condemn this as racist ' - attitude than ` leftists ' actually labelling it racist . 
  which really does not contribute at all to a good discussion . 
  practically tied to that attitude is a sort of tendency by quite a lot of people to instantly got for personal remarks or indeed start talking about ` extreme left ' as if the only ones who could disagree with them who say these things are extreme left . 
  some fuck on reddit is n't likely to be extreme left . 
  rote armee fraktion was extreme left . 
  that said , that 's about the first two sentences . 
  i agree with most of the rest , though i 'm glad i have never been attacked by * anyone . 
  i know i 've might be considered ` extreme ' leftist by , well , complete cowards but my first reaction here was : sure . 
  but i know it wo n't be . 
  not rationally and ethically . 
  scrutiny must n't be confused with anti-muslim bigotry . 
  but you and i ? 
  we both fucking know that a generous amount of the ` scrutiny ' will be bigotry . 
  it will be shit people have read on some forum somewhere and then take as gospel . 
  it 'll be the bollocks of some of our european political parties . 
  it 'll be the worst sides of islam and muslims mostly , and if not , the better sides ( a suggestion also debatable ) of islam will be demonized , deconstructed and plain old lied about . 
  i 'd love to see rational and ethical scrutiny of islam . 
  i just know i ai n't gon na happen , certainly not here . 
  are you genuinely retarded, 
  meh , having nothing to do for months can drive ya mad so they 'd probably still be motivated to a ) earn more than that basic , b ) do stuff and c ) meet people, 
  yep . 
  many people seem to argue based on a preconcieved ` evil left is oppressing me ' mindset . 
  sprinkled with some blatant lies about ` what we 're told ' and instant defensiveness . 
  you are literally never told that , you lying coward . 
  just bop them up the head with a bat, 
  dammit i made that joke like a week ago !, 
  yarp , this is probably the source of boavida 's confusion, 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i 'd still be amazed if the story turned out completely true , though . 
  and that 's not an attack on yle . 
   if this is true i would be amazed . 
  sounds like bollocks, 
  relatively, 
  that would be fucking stupid, 
  ehh let 's not . 
  would n't know where to leave the thing, 
   1939-1945 just called . 
  dit it mention what happened to the neutral netherlands , neutral belgium , and neutral norway ? 
  edit ; brit bananabork already mentioned this . 
  put you ignored the point that it was intended to support ; neutrality means shit to an expansionist dictator . 
  this is why we had 80 years of war , you perverts !, 
  perra , por favor then why ai n't you in top five happiest countries ? 
  nah i was just joking . 
  anglo-saxon is sometimes used , though it seems odd to me . 
  lol , anglo-saxon ? 
  did n't that stop ? 
  around , say , 1066 . :p, 
  you ever been to a turkish prison ? 
  north always  south . 
  oh yeah , of course !, 
  clue 's in the name . 
  i guess later a few of them became somewhat more civilian villages, 
  always struck me how tiny the towns guarded by star forts are, 
  cornetto !, 
  genuinely simple as fuck once you get the balance right . 
  shit i think i forgot ireland, 
  sweet , looks good, 
  what are you , anglo ? 
  juultje please, 
   that sounds like something the nazis would like though , so obviously we ca n't do that !, 
   the best and most tolerant solution is to import the third world and have them reduce us to a demographic minority in our own homelands within the next century . 
   i sure do love being tolerant . 
  instead of this stuff you could try actually conversing . 
  d : oh wait i misread, 
  very . 
  * get out *, 
  but but bike infrastructure !, 
   and no annoying accents . 
  literally nothing but . 
  ahahaha netherlands more popular than belgium . 
  surely ( attempting to ) encouraging the creation of unions means they care more about the unions than going north would ? 
  its literally never going to be that, 
  thats basicalky most i did with the civil war line as orc . 
  kill the thalmorons, 
  ... yet its the french who are arrogant ? 
  theyr still stupid enough to have glass weapons lying aroundbut choosing to use sticks and bones . 
  they are deffo fucking stupid though, 
  as orc i backed neither . 
  i 'm head honchorc of most things includkng the saucy nasty ones . 
  i back me . 
  skyrim belongs to ebbro !, 
  but you are the comment !, 
  okay . 
  oh is this also the british approach ? 
  did n't really know that, 
  what does this add ? 
  besides hostility . 
  yep . 
  also cause he 's basically the most famous french king, 
  ah it means you have no sense of humour . 
  what the fuck does any of that mean, 
  yup . 
  though if your 'til ' was intended as seeming affronted , are you confusing it with hebrew ? 
  it 's not pronounced like english ` twee ' . 
  more like the ` ei ' in zwei .
