  when i opened them again round eight , the snow was gone . 
  the sky however is a fairly bland grey-blue , so snow would not surprise me . 
   it `` should '' rhyme with truth , tooth , vermouth ah , like * koof * then , gotcha . 
  :p also , thanks . 
  they 're in europe , guardian , try to keep up . 
  yeah !, 
  that was one post with it , yeah , but i 'd seen it more often on reddit , so it might be a states-thing . 
  and you 're right about the implementation , that is probably best left to such stores as would like this to happen . 
  hm , okay . 
  it 's just one of those words of which i 'd only seen the un-version . 
   it seems unlikely that the tradition will gain traction in trendy coffee houses here in the states . 
  that 's odd , i kind of associated ` pay-it forward ' with the us when i saw the title but did n't read the article . 
  like ` today you , tomorrow me ' for motorists with bad luck . 
  and also perhaps because maybe coffee bars are n't that big a thing in the nl . 
  at least , in so far as i 've noticed . 
   2013 925 - n/a *, 
  a kosovar and a malteser . 
  can one be couth , though ? 
  and is ` couth ' pronounced ` koof ' ? 
  ill hook u in the gabber mate . 
  babies . 
  thanks . 
  like the french took back france ? 
  the sun has been shining for pretty much forever and we 'd be in shit if it stopped . 
  i knew of the swedish finns as well . 
  do n't you guys learn , mandatory , swedish from elementary school ? 
  filled with fuckin ' finns , ` fcourse . 
  that 's a job . . peeling banananas ? 
  okay . 
  ... seriously ? 
  that 's not what fishnchippies meant . 
  he joked , referring to the neutrality of the nl in the ww1 . 
  welp , no reason to take this author seriously as anything but a piece of shit . 
  hertog jan is wel okee . 
  interesting , never really realized . 
  `` africa '' used to refer pretty much to only the area around carthage , too . 
  more or less modern tunisia . 
  in dutch most people do n't say ` euros ' for mutliple . 
  most did n't with the gulden either , though gulden has a clear plural form , tbh . 
  tien gulden would 've usually been said ( in my admittedly limited experience ) , and so it is with tien euro . 
  this axeually makes sense . 
  what a load of twaddle , marriage has squat to do with making babies . 
  in fact , it slows down the making of babies . 
  oh yes , fair enough , i just thought i 'd add to mrh 's post . 
  no , you 're right . 
  bier !, 
  poffertjes !, 
  kroketten !, 
  i 'm going to pretend i intended my previous comment sarcastically so i look less wrong . 
  one quarter of poles are german anyway . 
  oh yeah , because greece decides who gets into the eu . 
  at it 's core ( political ) nationalism was about sovereignity of each ` nation , ' ( in the sense of each ` distinct people ' ) though . 
  they fruked up . 
  fuck off with your persecution complex . 
  not everything is about your country , ffs . 
  oh lord , that 's terrible . 
  d : especially that hammering at the start . 
  het is ` bericht ' in nederlands . 
  making sure that your beaneries grow sufficient types of beans , i ca n't see what could possibly go wrong . 
  coffee beans , chocolate beans , brown beans , green beans , white beans , black beans , blue beans , what more could you need ? 
  everybody should take a step outside , take a deep breath , and get real high . 
  i love them . 
  also make me think of certain african ritual costumes . 
  shit 's cool . 
  only have to make sure you have sufficient bean supply for your counters . 
  a commendable initiative , but swedish and danish are both north-germanic , dutch is west-germanic . 
  4 at night drunk frisiandude post serious post . 
   - often mistaken for dutch . 
  which is ludicrous . 
  i did think of danish at first , but was n't sure so i went with frisian instead . 
   the main differences are that dutch and german are considered sister languages , while frisian is a sister to english . 
  both pairs are west-germanic ( danish is north instead ) . 
  as such , frisian is a separate language from dutch , but has underwent - a lot - of dutch influence of course . 
  many think that dutch has a lot of influence from english , but it hardly compares to the influence of dutch in frisian . 
  in-post edit ; i now notice you say `` of being frisian vs dutch '' rather than about the language . 
  difference in that case is minimal . 
  most frisians are dutch , after all , and despite there being a frisian national party more or less along scottish np lines , but i really doubt that there 's a significant group of frisians thinking independence would be a good idea . 
  though there are inter-frisian groups , sort of thing . 
  harsh but true . 
  in dutch we call it ` duitsland ' . 
  in frisian it 's ` tyskl\u00e2n ' , iirc . 
  the greeks call it mordor . 
  i like that word you chose . 
  fits rather well . 
  sure , there is homophobia , especially among immigrants , but the situation was certainly exacerbated by the turkish government . 
  if it was n't for them at most it 'd be `` bad parents do n't like better adoption parents '' in which case `` boo fucking hoo '' is the only necessary answer . 
  plus article headline claims 1000 turks protest . 
  that 's nothing , to be honest . 
  is it even one percent of all dutch turks ? 
  oh right . 
  i do n't usually remember that term . 
   another case where it shows that multiculturalism does n't work ... this does n't show that . 
  protestors are fine , the problem is that a foreign government , the turkish one , is trying to insert itself in dutch adoption policy . 
  nonsense , only because they have n't tried . 
  i 'm sure we can write off the current anglophone generation , but their offspring we can have . 
  interesting . 
  an additional proposal ; use frisian . 
  it is similar to both english ( the two are sister languages and form the anglo-frisian branch of west-germanic languages ) but it 's main difference with english is that it has had far more influence from dutch , and to a lesser extent , from german . 
  thus , choosing frisian would be the perfect compromise , and compromise fits perfectly into the * poldermodel * which you ` westerners ' would have to become acquainted with anyway . 
  satisfying all-round .
