  for that matter , are n't representatives perhaps necessary ? 
   what democracy do you know that require a unanimous vote for things ? 
  none . 
  but that is n't the point of a democracy , not to mention entirely unworkable . 
   oh really ? 
  tell that to the egyptians and the rest of `` arab spring '' ... what happens when authoritarians bent on repression and violence are the majority ? 
  what protects the minorities then ? 
  that 's a good point , i had n't quite understood it that way . 
  but you said yourself `` restrained by law and checks and balances '' it seems to me more that the failure of those fledgling democracies is more due to a lack of checks and balances rather than due to democracy itself being a flawed concept . 
  this seems more a flawed execution of the concept . 
  that said , i disagree with the point about the individual ; all individuals have their say and all their responsibilities . 
  i do n't understand how anyone gets fucked here , though perhaps you 're alluding to lobby groups being too powerful ? 
  because if that 's the point you 're making , then i can see what you mean . 
  but the technical solution still requires a political decision . 
  i guess that 's why i did n't entirely understand your separation of the two . 
  about the definition , could you clear it up a bit more for me ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean with `` and factors compelling citizens to cast their vote against their will . '', 
  should i hold that as `` with every will holding equal weight and factors '' or is '' ... and factors etc. '', 
  more separate from this . 
   how would i implement a democratic system to govern the collection of countries that is the eu ? 
  it 's a tricky issue for several reasons , and i 'm not convinced of what would be best . 
  maybe i will answer the next time the question is posed . 
  would a super-national district system be a solution ? 
  with every district of equal weight and value ? 
  that 's an interesting thought ( i know i say this a lot in this thread , but bear with me :p ) . 
  what would you consider a different form than the ` classical liberal democracy ' ? 
  the other large post of yours seems to me that it would fit in one of those quite adequately . 
  what a beautiful thought . 
  it reminds me of what i 'm reading now , where a series of interviews with various people are presented ; at least one of them argues that politicians should be less ` caretaker ' trying to make decisions in the name of entire groups , but more ` representatives ' forcing these politicians ( like f.e. 
  british ` backbenchers ' . 
  in the netherlands the backbenchers are there as member of a party rather than by virtue of bringing a ` district ' to the party ) who speak for a smaller group which has directly appointed them to extoll their view in the larger parliament . 
  this post of yours is a very interesting one indeed . 
  does ireland have a district system ? 
  interesting thought , but i 'd suppose a lot of debate would not be about the issues at hand themselves , but more about who is affected in what way . 
  in my opinion it seems more interesting to step over this and decide collectively rather than in a way which seems to guarantee further rifts in a populace . 
  when i asked about the forms of democracy i was more concerned with different ways of voting ; districtsystems , first-past-the-post , and that sort . 
  the ancient athenian form i 'd argue is hardly even democracy , more a proto-form . 
  far too easily said , and i think it 's an unfair criticism . 
  it works as a joke , but not as a serious condemnation of the concept . 
  pithy , but it does n't suggest you had much thought about the subject . 
  that seems odd . 
  `` when it 's not restrained ... '' it is . 
  by democratic systems themselves to prevent mob rule and protect minority opinions . 
  apparently i can ask the question in vacuum because you gave a great answer . 
  that 's a great line . 
  it stands , bold and sharp . 
  i like it . 
  reminds me a lot of what sasquatchpl said earlier in the thread . 
  luckily it 's also only from 1600 onwards that the idea of democracy really took hold . 
  bar some classical states and other exceptions i 'd suggest the post-1600 one is pretty much the only one to consider . 
  i like the point you raise about individual responsibility for collective interests . 
  could you expand a bit more as to how you think a democracy should be , and why you think a single system can have very varied results in two different countries ? 
  interesting . 
  so if a large majority wants something , but a minority is absolutely against it , you still advocate compromise ? 
  i like it a lot . 
  i used something similar in a different post in this thread . 
  i agree with that quote a lot , i think i 'll look up asa randolph . 
  hm , interesting . 
  so you think if the absolute majority wants something , that should happen ? 
  does n't a democracy also provide some protection for minorities . 
  i 've read ( from gerdi verbeet : `` vertrouwen is goed maar begrijpen is beter '' about the parliamentairy democracy of the netherlands ) that a way to measure democracy is in how far minorities can feel at home and pride that this is their country . 
  but you 're saying a minority-opinion has to be bulldozed entirely aside if a majority wants it ? 
   depends on what kind of democratic system we are talking about . 
  representative democracy is a failure , we need a direct one based on voting on ideas rather than on people . 
  how would you make this happen ? 
    do you think europe can be more democratic ? 
   yes . 
  how ? 
   by removal of countries and their representatives . 
  also , making eu citizens to understand that our problems are never political but rather technical and thus require technical solution not political , henceforth voting should be based on solution of ideas not on people and their `` promises '' ( it beats me why do people think this can even work is beyond me , but then again people are stupid ) -  i 'd go further on to explain this , but it would be too long and quite frankly it is something that would n't work in current socioeconomic system to begin with and thus we would need a completely new topic for this discussion entirely + it is reddit , not a place for this . 
  interesting , but what is a technical solution ( or a political one ) ? 
  correct , but narrow and not particularly thought-provoking . 
  i was mostly thinking about my own education . 
  i took a ` pretpakket ' ( fun package , ahem ) quite quickly which involved removing pretty much all science-y stuff from the third secondary year on . 
  it 's not longer possible to remove everything , but as far as i know it 's still possible to end up with ` profiles ' without much science . 
  but the first years of the secondary education ( in the netherlands ) are the same for everyone on that school at that level , so if you put it in early years , there 's far fewer people who do n't get that tidbit . 
  plus you could make a more general lesson about lasers . 
  i bet physics-teachers would love giving one , probably getting more attention than others . 
  that last one might be preferable , yes . 
  especially in early years of secondary education . 
  or maybe on science-y shows . 
  too bad i do n't really know of any . 
  i 'm not sure if merely punishing is sufficient . 
  perhaps it 's better to make it more known that they can actually be dangerous . 
  i did n't realize , for one . 
  ahem . 
  whoops . 
  thanks . 
  okay , that might seem a bit like overkill . 
  but then , the helicopterpeeps might have thought it was a rifle 's sight rather than just a dot . 
  what the holy fuck, 
  they 're gon na cut off his fireman, 
     a 25 year old was arrested for shining a laserpen at a helicopter haha , jackass . 
  that 's something a 15yr old would do , not a 25 yr old . 
  err , first you lambast ` socialists ' for using some actual examples of libertarians to argue all libertarians are like that , and then you call any other opinion a despot ? 
  the rest of your post i agree with . 
  he 's a professional at missing the point , then , i suppose ? 
  moldovin , then . 
  not sure what moldovan for wine is , though . 
  is it good ?
