   remember during alexanders time and before alexanders time each city-state saw themselves as there own country . 
  so sparta/macedonia/athens / each island and countless other city-states were there own country and people married only other people within each city-state . 
   what alexander did was destroy these boundaries and create a unified country and also created the 1st greek army which spread culture between the city-states . 
  he united them under the corinthian league , he never created a unified country from them . 
  he forced them to work together and play nice , and made corinth the nominal capital of this . 
   the macedonians ( real ones ) were 100 % greek , but because they were up in the north mountainous areas and were not as `` sophisticated '' and `` intellectual '' as the athenians they were always looked down upon by the smug athenian intellectuals . 
  i must disagree . 
  you 're right ( mostly athenians ) looked down upon them , but they were not 100 % greek ; both the other hellenes saw the macedonians as different , and the macedonians themselves saw themselves as being different , but related . 
  kind of like how ionian and crimean ( ? ), 
  hellenes were regarded as being slightly different . 
    nazis are a joke inside greece , the mainstream media of europe has gone overboard with there fear-mongering . 
  want to know why golden dawn went from nobodies to 8 % of the vote ? 
  because the people who voted for them were doing so in a `` protest vote '' . 
  they did so to tell the government that something has to be done about immigration and it is a serious issue . 
  golden dawn will slowly fade away over the next few years until they are back to there usual 2-3 % polling . 
  that 's probably true and reminds me of the pvv here in the netherlands . 
  i 'll concede this one , though i have to add that there was less violence associated with the pvv . 
  about the legitimate gripe with macedon ; i realize i oversimplified it in the previous post , but i mean ; really ? 
  how can it really matter so much that they want to see themselves as macedonian , even though indeed a good portion of their ancestry will be slavic ? 
  i 've said it before and got downvoted , but do you really think greek population itself never changed even the slightest ? 
  greece and macedon are arguing about a very much shared ancestry ; macedonian hegemony may have been based in part on philip and alexander 's interest and love for the greek culture , but even slightly after alexander the macedonians were more than a bit fed up with the greeks , really . 
  i mean , when philip ii was murdered alexander had to fight off multiple claimants , had to cow the illyrians , the triballi and the thracians back into submission and what happened while he was doign that ? 
  why , the greek states rose up in half-arsed rebellion again . 
  except sparta because sparta had been left alone . 
  to be quite honest , i do n't think * anyone * should claim to be alexander 's heirs any more than anyone else , neither the fyrom nor greece . 
   also greece does not have any issues with turkey , cyprus should be resolved eventually but both countries peoples are very friendly to each other nowadays and the past is the past . 
  then why nipplewizard 's  i wonder why ?? 
   as far as the police officers , i agree with you . 
  they are getting out of control but that tourist attack that supposedly happened was a one off case and the officer was likely fired . 
  it happened once , if it happens again then ill agree that something drastic needs to happen , but im pretty sure greece being the country in europe that depends most on tourism there have already been massive police reforms and instructions to prevent this happening again . 
  i was under the impression it did happen more than once . 
  but indeed , greece depends for a lot on tourism ( good food , too ) , but still the whacko nazi 's are becoming the political power of the nation ? 
  and people wonder why i called it a shithole ? 
   and our let 's players suck . 
  like any . 
  but then i never quite understood the joys of watching someone else play a game very well . 
  / r/netherlands has a large amount of american threads . 
  lots of legalese , but most of those standards seem perfectly fine to me . 
  i take it you 're referring to iii ( sizing ) b ? 
  my cold wasteland at least does n't fuss about the independent nation to the north , nor the independent nation to the east , nor do police officers of my cold wasteland attack tourists and immigrants alike in an effort to make buddies with the rapidly growing extremist right party . 
  now i understand your second sentence about the empty longboats . 
  i thought you were making an argument in favour of calling britain ` north ' . 
  is n't that what he 's always saying ? 
   bendy bananas etc the one that never happened ? 
  that makes significant amounts of no sense at all . 
  for starters ; frisians have at times both been raided and done raiding . 
  both by and together with vikings . 
  similarly , danes may well have at times been raided by norse vikings while their own vikings were off viking . 
  and i still think it 's both bosh and flimshaw . 
  firstly ; i disagree with the idea that normans were vikings . 
  yes fine , rollo and his immediate family were probably from norway . 
  he probably brought a few boatloads of norweegies to that bit . 
  where they did what ? 
  they mingled . 
  the intermarried with those already there , frankic and celtic , they accepted their position as vassal of the frankic overlords , and eventually a wholly different sense arose ; they were not franks . 
  but they were not vikings either ; they were the * gens normannorum * . 
  they were normans . 
  they considered themselves distinct from their neighbours , but one could say that by about the eleventh century ( rollo had landed in the ninth , if i 'm not mistaken ) they had closest ties to bretagne , flanders and multiple anglo-saxon families . 
  after all , william , via harold , had something resembling a claim on the fledgling and newly formed english kingdom . 
  by 1066 the normans would have felt far closer relateed to the anglo-saxons in england than to the barbarians in the north . 
  to claim normans are frankified vikings seems one of the most strident oversimplifications common to anglophones and only so they can consider themselves more viking . 
  which is baffling in itself . 
  vikings are among the most exaggerated groups of people ever , what did they do , exactly ? 
  they traded here , the plundered there , they mercenaried elsewhere , oh , and they founded kiev and some other cities . 
  big whoop . 
  :p edit ; but this was actually about english being protestant . 
  only sort of ; the anglican church was separate from luther 's claims which pretty much all other protestant churches are derivatives of . 
  angles were sort of from what is now denmark , surely , jutes are indeed from that nifty little island to the south of sweden , but i just do n't think that makes britain - or scotland ( which is considered one of the five remaining celtic nations , even !, 
  ) - scandinavian . 
  because greeks are obessed ? 
  to be quite frank , perhaps to the point of bluntness ; twaddle . 
  sure , there was some influx of ( mostly danish ) viking-genes , and indeed things like danelaw existed , but if that is all you need to consider yourself even partially scandinavian then so is france , so is russia , so might turkey well be . 
  and even finland is n't considered scandinavia , is it ? 
  it had far more influx from ( mostly swedish ) scandinavians . 
  :p besides that , why does the scandinavian part outweigh the celtic part , the roman part , the romano-celtic part , the angle/saxon/jute / frisian and perhaps most importantly , the norman part ? 
  normans , too , after all intermingled ( also in scotland ! ) . 
  fairly sure multiple successive kings of scotland kept inviting more and more normans in , most of whom would have been of lesser knighthood and would have therefore done quite a bunch of intermarrying with the sassanach and non-anglo-saxonized scots . 
  assholes , the lot of 'm . 
  truth , truth . 
  it just never occured to me that brits might see themselves as northern european . 
  scandiwannabees . 
   as well as the uk which is a mix of norse and northern german . 
  only by a stretch , but that has little to do with the uk being ` protestant ' :p, 
  as flairs , or did n't you know they existed at all ? 
  by that logic , there 's also `` northern '' europeans significantly to the south of the netherlands . 
  espressos are tiny , though . 
  maybe that factors in . 
  soon the english will learn [ * our * language !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oec1yaawg34&amp;lc ), 
  france , on the other hand , might well be ` land of the free ' . 
  you 're absolutely right , but he seems to have a small point ; it 's as if greeks always look extra hard at what turkey might be doing wrong . 
  despite greece being , perhaps , europe 's worst shithole at the moment . 
  only a part of poland was part of the empire , and only during part of it 's history . 
  this sort of works , except britain northern europe ? 
  my anus , y' all western . 
  seriously . 
  west . 
  why not just call ` north west ' ` west ', 
  for a moment i thought a ) this post was mine . 
  b ) that it said studentenland .
