  i did n't realize the balkans started just south of denmark . 
  then again , i should have known with groningen . 
  you 're one of * those *, 
  the impressive thing there is getting a floating minus without making it looks like a cross . 
  i 'll bend something alright, 
  by december we 'll have melted to death . 
  yet still hilversum will insist the frisians are already thinking about an elfstedentocht . 
  [ ice to meet you !, 
  ] ( http://gunshowcomic.com/comics/20081218.png ), 
  central heating . 
  also , like there 's ever gon na be winter again , i scoff . 
  stannis just another boohoo big crybaby who 'd make a terrible terrible ` king ' . 
  i like that the stag is smiling though . 
  oh but without unions i could have made some money as a child in a factory !, 
  i do n't need my hair or scalp for anything anyway . 
  still like hubert better . 
  i did n't read kenny do that , tbh . 
  they mentioned the netherlands and cycling . 
  i have massive thighs because of cycling . 
  is ` ajeno ' perhaps from ` xeno ' ? 
  which essentially meant the same . 
  i would n't mind the pils . 
  or the beerenburg either . 
  we sort of have beard-laughter only we use a little fist for it in dutch . 
  too bad only utepils ( love it , stealing it ) has the source language . 
  uh i get what you 're saying about the chemical , but tyranny unleashed ? 
  i admit i sort of skimmed the article ; i 'll read it more closely after some important stuff , but tyranny ? 
  thy shoulder seems to have a chip on it , me ol' china . 
  i do have massive tighs . 
  * ladies *, 
  frysl\u00e2n will hook u in the gabber m8, 
  tbh , any title with ` china will '' might well be . 
  quite a bunch i should imagine, 
  it does n't slam the uk , it brings to light something about politics in the uk , you big booboo crybaby, 
  you 're a grand prix , baby, 
  because it 's a funny picutre and interesting to the people in / r/europe who do n't quite have the mindset of the person who made it . 
  alternatively , putinbots . 
  and we like to criticise the english for being too french . 
  hm , did n't know that . 
  what 's crazy ? 
  if germany is anything like the nl it had * better * be . 
  god this , god that , god damn , god speed !, 
  how would that fuck things up : o, 
  legs , louie , * advance on him . 
   spain , italy and greece happily join me into battle . 
  just the brave heroes anyone wants on their side :p, 
  i would banish all the ` musicians ' and other b-artists who think they 're the shit . 
  fuck you and your lack of taste jackasses, 
  probably , the two actually-wrote-something reviews before mine each got a downvote for saying it 's not actually wrong . 
  if anyone 's interested , my ` web of trust ' firefox extension flags this is as ` untrustworthy ' . 
  ( which may well mean it 's poorly reviewed and then only by people who take a different opinion as untrustworthy , but might be malware , so i thought i 'd mention it . 
  edit ; nothing wrong with the site . ), 
  fries and coke , like an order at mcdonalds, 
  that 's actually quite clever . 
  but too much effort . 
  i 'll just weather it as usual . 
  so , i saw ` english pies ' on the saturday market here in zwolle , they 're still traditionally english . 
  kroketten : u, 
  i only read frisian duden, 
  as does erryone, 
  moustachioed mountain sausage !, 
  maybe in bizarroland u :, 
  maybe in weird krautbabble , but a meer is a lake . 
  a lake is a tamed sea . 
  if the sea is a pack of wolves a lake is a corgi . 
  meer is not sea , silly you . 
  besides , the pot we can handle , i 'm just not sure about the ato . 
  we 'll send bags of sea in return . 
  i think that might not be very particular :d `` aarde '' can mean earth , ground and soil in dutch . 
  not really land , though . 
   lithuanian land will be packed in bags and sent to denmark , :d :d those dastardly danes !, 
  rooms like that would easily be 300 here edit ; wait no these are rooms for multiple folk . 
  never mind , i did n't realize . 
  no one wants their culture and certainly not their people become extinct . 
  and you 're just using ` leftists ' as a bogeyman now . 
  but then it was pretty shitty . 
  you do n't think people disagreeing may have something to do with stellar word choice like ` brainwashed ' when people have a different opinion , rather than the fact they have different opinions ? 
  aaand in two minutes political and culture are dead ( in fact , they are ) and banter & humor has gained political overtones . 
  and when vultures collide they make a squawk, 
  it 's in hospital . 
  the english tell themselves they made it maybe . 
  while we 're on it , ` loses allies ' seems a few bridges too far in itself . 
  i guess that 's a good point . 
  ( american ) redditors rarely seem positive about trains or buses and i get the idea that americans in general think cyclists are massive twats . 
  sounds like its a good thing that going to the us for a license is n't a good idea . 
  :p it sounds like a walk in the park rather than actually learning how to drive . 
  quelle fucking surprise, 
  well of course , but the retaliation happens by an organized military , not by insurgents with peashooters . 
  yes , no doubt they can be annoying . 
  for as long as the enemy decides to send only lightly protected infantry rather than simply destroying anything the shooters might hide in . 
  what can a rifle-armed militia do against a column of tanks ? 
  or aircraft ? 
  or simply off-coast shelling . 
  i do n't know why you 're mad at me . 
  of course it 's a fantasy ; they ca n't do there what they did to ukraine . 
  so if they 'd do * something * it 'd involve something quite difficult for partisans to affect . 
  hiding a gun behind every blade of grass is a bit pointless if the field 's on fire . 
  the size and terrain seems to me to be the exact thing that might make them hard to remove . 
  they 're not just gon na send a boat filled with dudes there without doing some reconnaisance and politicking . 
  and the plenty of people with guns is so much toddle .
