  never heard of poland as eastern rather than central , tbh . 
  hence the implemented right . 
  you drink some , you move on , get thirsty again ? 
  drink some more elsewhere . 
  or you wear a big half-coconut as a hat and stick a straw in it . 
  i 'd prefer it if actual issues were solved first . 
  http://imgur.com/y8yku genuinely no idea where to draw the central/east line in the balkans . 
  plus i made the czechs and austrians halfsies . 
   bottled water is already tap water exactly . 
  :p my idea was that there 'd be less bottled water in total . 
  to provide and ensure * access * then , i suppose . 
  in which case said access may well be privatized . 
  though i personally would prefer free water available ; if implemented right might mean a whole lot less shitty plastic bottles which get thrown away after single use . 
  okay . 
  but it * looked * as if you were claiming that form was specific to the british peoples . 
  i must object to the use of ` true names ' when it 's just the english translation of the source of the current native name . 
  :p ~ ~ and ` amsterdam ' seems too widely defined , it 's dam by the specific river ; the amstel . 
  or does * amstel * mean river ? ~ ~ the legend clarifies it quite nicely . 
  well , yes , but that does n't mean anything . 
  i realized , but it 's also the dutch , german , french , portuguese , spanish , italian , polish etc etc way of writing it . 
  like i said , i missed the correlation . 
  : o not quite sure , still , to be honest . 
  not sure i see the correlation . 
  spain is doing worse than france , but with a lower minimum wage , while germany is doing better than france , with no enforced minimum wage . 
  a whole ziplock bag of all natural weed , locally procured . 
  hey , as a hint ; both ufrustratedbro and beanfart are both trolls and idiots . 
  pointless to argue with . 
  that seems a lot . 
  i 've little experience - beyond a little bit of observation - in the subject , but i 'd never have thought such a high amount never quite gets where it should be . 
  for a moment i thought this was an italian conversation . 
  still a shitty song . 
  a bit much to claim the most commonly used variation of the gregorian calendar a ` british ' form . 
  thanks brobot , in that case i sha n't click it . 
  that 's just his methods , surely ? 
  big names , each party . 
  not in number of letters , but in meaning conveyed . 
  i had n't quite got that . 
  ' t is beanfart . 
  i just say `` here , in the netherlands . '', 
  i 'm far too much of a leftie to claim the country as * mine * . 
  while i agree that girls are becoming more often the smarter kids of the class , i really must doubt the idea that segregation is the only or best solution . 
  they left the balkans balkan . 
  ah , that is more interesting . 
  what a chaos . 
  like a shitty mill , trying to grind shit with shitty wheels driven by the winds of shit . 
  true , i guess i assumed that they were doing some social subversion as well . 
  sooo national political parties go on conversion missions outside their own country ? 
  why are german tax payers funding this indeed . 
  beh ; i doubt christian-infused regressionists are that much better . 
  especially hand axes . 
  alright , indeed hsi facei s not usually shown when he is mentioned somewhere . 
  on one hand ; good for him . 
  on the other hand , he might be able to do a decent amount of good for others as well if he wants . 
  on the third hand ( ... ) , he does get to spend it as he wants . 
  i 'd personally hope i would , though i am not likely to get that rich , that i would invest it for the betterment of mankind . 
  i do n't mind the slush , i prefer it over iced paths ; slush offers some grip . 
  you could call anyway , see how it 's going . 
  as is tradition . 
  and my axe !, 
  while i 'm surprised you do n't know rushdie , who gives a fuck ? 
  it 's pretty regular childish nonsense . 
  i dunno , she seems under the impression to be in zwolle , den bosch is quite a spot away so that 'd be a big mistake . 
  :p the bridge at the start and the fountain at 0:26 look familiar too ( i 'm in zwolle now . ), 
  i realized , i was joking that iceland is always in winter . 
  the taggart tv series told me it 's `` shevawn '' :p, 
   should have bike lane heated in winter . 
  might get costly to heat it all year . 
   i think you 're confusing the average rate with the maximum rate . 
  the difference might be in tiered taxes ? 
  dunno if portgual or scandinavian countries have tiered tax rates . 
  if the entire country is one flag , then there is no real seperation movement is how i interpreted it . 
  my point exactly . 
  the first two might have wanted to be helpful . 
  the next hundred less so . 
  was n't only the first year without celebrities ? 
  though i got ta say , mol-candidates are rarely very famous . 
  known troll is why he gets downvotes ( and upvotes ) , his actual post was irrelevant . 
  pagan to the protestants , i meant . 
  the veneration of saints might stem from earlier non-christian mythos , but the saints of course tended to be based on actual deceased christians . 
  :p but indeed , neoplatonism and what 's it called with ahura mazda and ahriman and other previous thought also had large influence on the basics of christianity . 
  grump is my middle name . 
  but seriously , most of the characters just seems so entirely unlikeable to me . 
  good point . 
  i liked the first movie turbo , but have n't seen nitro yet . 
  and the series is okay . 
  i mean it ; months afterward . 
  i 'd check my messages and see `` dr. who '' by unfunny cunt number 103 . 
  eh , i made the mistake of asking `` what 's that from '' to a silly . gif and for months afterwards people kept posting ; more than a hundred posts accumulated , `` dr.who '' . 
  eh , fawlty towers as a series often gets slightly on my nerves . 
  as does keeping up appearances . 
  i mean , it 's okay to watch one episode , then do n't watch it at all for a while , and then another , but it 's pretty much always the `` blithering idiot takes no stock of surroundings , is made fool of . '', 
  perhaps people really like the sweety old-timesy small-worldy ( yes the - ys are necessary ) setting of dad 's army and the goodlife . 
  i do n't recall an india-special . 
  the ` nam one was great , but when they 're touring the states , that one was even better . 
  oh , i can believe a lot of things about bad sitcoms . 
  i mean , people praise the big bang theory ( of all things ! ), 
  all the time and , frankly , it 's * shit * . 
  and everything we 're not importing is still shit , yet somehow other countries ( america ! ), 
  buy it . 
  fairly sure the big brother tv-format was an endemol production , for one .
