  zoiks , that 's very little . 
  actually , he said ` pigs ' ; portugal , italy , greece , spain . 
  he has n't updated it to include ireland yet . 
  :p edit ; oh , a different dude already said this , more or less . 
  i like everything about this post . 
  not really no . 
  as nothing got more dangerous and indeed the disaster happened due to circumstances rare or completely unknown in other locations . 
  a shame you ca n't find anything in that field . 
  it sounds , to me , as if it could be useful for society as a whole and as such , for companies in specific . 
  well , yes , but if the problem is very unlikely to happen in the first place then the consequences are just not there . 
  :o which also makes chernobyl a silly example ; that thing was far more shoddily built than anyone now would find safe . 
  i do n't want to take it , you keep it . 
  i am calm , i can quite calmly call bullshit things bullshit . 
  and that your `` all i said was '' was not what you said . 
  it 's an explanation , later , for why you said what you said , but it is n't what you said . 
  i never understood why people went anti-nuclear after fukushima . 
  fukushima happened because of a massive double-whammy of eartquake and flood ( caused by earthquake ) slamming into the power plant . 
  and i have this tiny feeling that that happens a lot less often in france or germany . 
  what kind of bullshit phrase is `` who are we to question them on that ? '', 
  why would n't we be allowed to discuss that ? 
  maybe they just did n't see the point in prosecuting someone for a seventy-year old crime . 
  you need more europeans , though . 
  except that some parties here in the netherlands call themselves right , while being liberal . 
  our ` left ' parties are greenleft , the socialist party , etc. 
  whereas the liberal party ( vvd ) is right . 
  and ` blank ' is dutch for ` white ' when used in reference to race . 
  of course , it did n't really register that you meant the local speech with `` german . '', 
  my bad . 
  ah , cool . 
  thanks for teaching . 
  does n't luxembourg mostly speak letzebuergisch or somesuch ? 
  rather than ` real ' french or ` real ' german ? 
  perhaps their best bet is in the german-speaking part of wallonia or in the alsace-lothringen region . 
  i find that short-sighted prejudice is often instilled by aforementioned outmoded superstitions . 
  good , gtfo with outmoded superstition . 
  hazard ? 
  what hazard ? 
  the usa are going to join the eu ? 
  : oooo, 
  lead ? 
  lead ai n't no country i heard of . 
  see , that 's not quite what i thought you meant with `` drawing up plans . '', 
  damn , that is pretty ... damn . 
  is n't that what strategists are supposed to do ? 
  it does n't mean they were actually intending to go to war ; it just means they have a basic understand on how to go about it in case they do go to war . 
  i 'm vaguely disappointed no-one took it up from here on . 
  differ ? 
  you hardly know ` er !, 
  addendum to historical note ; and it was developed to help fight norman invaders . 
  the welsh before the normans tended to go with long * spears * and short bows . 
  despite being in a thread about poles and despite knowing you 'd mean your nationality i still read ` pole ' as the object . 
  who controls the brish crown ? 
  who keeps the metric system down ? 
  yes !, 
  naples ' trash problem is solved as well then seeing as naples is solved . 
  soms komt er een ` friesisme ' in voor wanneer bijvoorbeeld een zinsbouw meer fries dan nederlands is , maar vaak is dat ook in het nederlands nog correct of acceptabel . 
  - but if you prefer i can answer these questions in english as well . 
  do n't think so . 
  at least , sunflowers we had inside tended only to droop that much when they were almost dead/dry . 
  and look at some of those leaves . 
  those sunflowers could use a drop . 
  that 's how it 's called in a lot of languages . 
  or was . 
  now in dutch it 's usually just `` oekra\u00efne '' but it used to be `` de oekra\u00efne . '', 
  and lekotar mentions in german it 's still `` die ukra\u00efne . '', 
  so strange eyes to yourself . 
  nuts ; if anything the entire banking system is at fault and you can not blame bankers themselves for a situation which had been developing into this for centuries and which no-one seemed to feel obliged to change . 
  only now when it 's all tumbled down do people say it was wrong . 
  well , fix it then . 
  arresting everyone vaguely related with banking is not going to help anyone . 
  why ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  sure , it sends a ` you dun goofed ' signal , but not really a very good one . 
  come now , this ca n't be remotely serious ; it 's an entire group of professions and you 're seriously suggesting that all of them are more responsible for the ` crises ' than all of the rest of us ? 
  scapegoating much ? 
  of course , banks have made mistakes . 
  the key is in fixing it , to patch up what went wrong and preferably to prevent similar mistakes . 
  not to put them in the naughty spot because they were bad bad bankers . 
  the plan is simple ; we destroy the vatican . 
  little wonder , berlusconi is a pimp , not a politican . 
  he 's comical rather than competent . 
  it 's just like what i thought when monti was put in charge ; berlusconi said he 'd be back . 
  he 'd probably then revert changes except the ones he can claim credit for . 
  especially impopular changes , no matter how necessary or well thought-out they might have been would be reverted , quite possibly including a smear campaign . 
  he 's a good leader in the same sense that gossip papparazzi are upstanding journalists . 
  this map is indeed silly ; almost as silly as the assumption that all quadrants of europe would have to be the same size . 
  first time i heard that was when a brazillian linked it . 
  but he 's talking about german frisians . 
  ergo ; not me . 
  still good music , no matter how it 's presented . 
  i wish . 
  i know you are , but what am i ? 
  goose bumps , almost crying , grinning like a loon , it 's all there . 
  i 'm actually somewhat worried . 
  that one is uncommon if not almost completely unknown in the netherlands and most of western europe . 
  certainly not more common than the big ol' one finger salute . 
  while indeed the wehrmacht was not inherently nazi ; it was still the armed forces of nazi-germany and as such the wehrmacht * had nazis * and was probably even run by nazis for the most part . 
  yet to play it beyond demo , sadly . 
  eh , a caliphate would in theory be indeed the main land of islam . 
  probably would work out pretty much like vatican city being the main land of cathololicism .
