  hm , fair enough . 
  serious question ; what good would that do ? 
  so you had garlic with some snails ? 
  nnnot really . 
  bairn has a strong cognate in frisian bern . 
  which in dutch is ` kind , kinderen ' and in german ` kind , kinder ' . 
  and the english bunged it up . 
  children . 
  i mean , honestly . 
  dangit , that inventor-bird in donald duck lied to me . 
  you sure you can count on them not ` accidentally ' hitting britain ? 
  ( heh , almost rhymes ), 
  is n't the best way to get solar & wind on point using it ? 
  and then continually developing , of course . 
  ca n't power sort of be stored ? 
  ` sides , it 's always windy somewhere . 
  i kind of need something like that . 
  probably do n't have the room for it but still . 
  i saw tanks at meppel station as well, 
  suck it finland < 3, 
  cmon put some effort in it, 
  same thing, 
  ( funnily ; in my local dutch-frisian dialect a ` merkel ' is a coot . ), 
  `` invest '' in its archaic form synonymous to `` beleaguer '' , then . 
   too you forgot `` anglophones illiterate '' :p, 
  i imagine it 's mostly to show they 're not letting anyone on the boat to ask them to ` surrender ' . 
  i guess they 're banking on the conflict not ( yet ) being one where navy blasts navy . 
  ... the cold war is over . 
  russia is not the warsaw pact and is not the ussr . 
  yeah wow i went `` i do n't get it '' . 
  someone could be wounded and still be ` downed ' surely ? 
  getting hit in the tits probably makes someone unlikely to get up and skip on their merry way , but they can still wiggle their limbs . 
  what a fucking plimhole . 
  and the moment he gets his own ( theoretical ) diagnosis he 'll fly off somewhere to get it treated immediately , right ? 
  piss , we 're never having winter agaiiiin, 
  nation states indeed . 
  hence scotland , state of the scottish nation , has a chance . 
  the uk as such is a state with multiple nations and is as such not a nation state . 
  yeah !, 
  bloody orc, 
   ( its not real birds milk ) gosh . 
  's not a mixed message . 
  eu wants switzerland as part of it . 
  given denmark 's lack of military reputation it would be clear to anyone not deliberately giving it a spin that they meant they thought it was the best place to live in . 
  `` i think this is the best country to live in '' does not at all suggest `` i think we should go to war '', 
  looks more like a muppets reference to me . 
  and i 'm all about polandball . 
  spacecraft, 
  nyc leaving might not be peachy for nyc itself either . 
  eh , this bloke does n't seem in a brigade . 
  what with being downvoted . 
  sounds like invasion . 
  and you just gave me more reasons to call it naieve !, 
  you 're willing to suffer through fighting ( or more likely , you 're willing your children to suffer through fighting ) with the assorted famine and shit just to get back to where you basically are ? 
  and who would benefit ? 
  anyone who sees benefit !, 
  someone owns something someone else with more means of keeping armed forces wants is probably going to end up losing it and everything else . 
  you 're willing to throw everything to the wind on the off-chance it might possibly become slightly better for you personally ? 
  the whole thing !, 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't imagine it turning out in anything else than basically permanent intermittent warfare in like twenty years . 
  someone will be richer than the rest . 
  someone will decide to pay some dudes to form their own little army . 
  someone will start asserting their own power . 
  and 10km down the road someone else will be doing the same . 
  and no-one can do anything about them because all the people around them have ` volunteerd ' themselves to be judged , taxed and guarded by those people . 
  wow that ... seems the na\u00efevest shit ever . 
  is fast food the only component in obesity ? 
  also , not really . 
  neh , not really . 
  sounds about right . 
  yeah , i would . 
  far all i know plans are also drawn just in case a friendly , or allied , nation might invade . 
  * just in case * . 
  i think / u/icanevenificant has a point ; plans are probably drawn up by a lot of organisations for a lot of different situations . 
  him not having access to those plans is n't proof they do n't exist given that them being released freely would make them rather less useful as contingency plans . 
   look at what the arabic spring has brought so far i 'm not sure anyone can expect the region to be entirely stable , honestly . 
  i mean , it 's been only a few years , shit takes a while . 
  location doth not diminish frisian-ness . 
  well i 'm laughing my ass off . 
  :d also the colours are all wrong and shit . 
  an s too many moddo . 
  good , because it 's the right one . 
  yeah , i realize . 
  i live in zwolle , struis . 
   chances are , you have uni degree no , i 'm a failure . 
   and live in a large city . 
  no , i live in europe . 
  i 'm surprised as well about the nl . 
   is n't that just the usual way that history is created ? 
  if someone , say , albert einstein , removes hitler from history that just means stalin 's soviet will begin a massive push west in europe . 
  will titles ending with a question mark ever be answered with anything other than no ? 
  you seem to be clouded with some ` bootstrap ' madness . 
  ^ i 'd ^ bang ^ her ^ gavel, 
  probably under international treaties and whatnot , but seems to me that those ordering those shots and those taking them accept the risk of being ` caught ' and prosecuted for it . 
  i was all `` yeah that 's her '' but the red cross seems far larger here . 
  still kind of has to be her . 
  edit ; different goggles too . 
  some kind of uniform thing ? 
  ( down to the mole on the cheek ? ), 
  huh , the tidbits i 've heard seem far less invested .
