  true . 
  a shame , really . 
  seems rather hard to solve as well . 
  i wonder just in how far this difference is caused by different levels of organized crime . 
  of course , maybe it 's sensationalist bullshit , but are n't there mutliple mafia-like groups strong in the south ? 
  only if you pay for my journey there . 
  they 're also your cousins . 
  yeah , but those are at most 6000 low-paying and low-taxable jobs, 
  hey , slartibartfast did a fine job . 
  :p nah , just kidding . 
  but i do n't know of any possible holiday location that loves americans specifically . 
  i do n't know much at all , tbh , but i think your best bet is probably just going where you like . 
  while i 'd agree i 'd have to question whether this should be the priority what with greece the state it 's in . 
  somewhat disappointing , imo , i had been thinking of monti as a potential miracle-worker ( okay , more as `` at least he 's not berlusconi '' ) but this is pretty silly . 
  i can imagine most would automatically use english . 
  because it 'd happen automatically , really . 
  we tended to forgot that she wanted what seemed like additional difficulty to us . 
  also ; that was in flanders . 
  :p just over the border , two km from maastricht . 
  tiny little village . 
  does n't sound like sleeping , to me . 
  yes sir , yes i did . 
  i 've been there like twice and did n't much like it , tbh . 
  you miss amsterdam ? 
  boggles the mind , man . 
  did you really ask one of the most obvious questions possible to a detailed response to one of the silliest lists on the webs ? 
  not shure that ` sh a shecret . 
  i knew a bulgarian girl who wanted to practice her dutch on me and other dutchies but we automatically spoke english to her . 
  i think i want to try those . 
  yep . 
  never liked biking in snow because it 'd often get slippery , but rain was n't a problem . 
  not only a cold sandwich . 
  several cold sandwiches . 
  my grandmother is used to eating her warm meal at lunch ; i 've always had bread for lunch . 
  so it even varies by generation/family . 
   1 / you have a bike have had one all my life . 
  only the first ones ( during elementary school ) had retropedal brakes . 
  wait , avoid orange kroketten ? 
  are n't those the satay ones ? 
  i love those . 
  ( stroopwafels , though , not straubwaffles . 
  that 's dangerously german-english . 
  a spot late but i 'd argue that both those are inherently anti-democratic , but that over time people have started being more democratic despite the limitations . 
  i do , it 's not funny . 
  thisjust made me realize how similar ` denmark ' is to ` mandark ' . 
  that actually looks kinda cool . 
  oh italy , always with the silly shit . 
  aww nuts . 
  wrong again . 
  or they might simply not have a long-term take over plan . 
  not saying none do , but most people fleeing wartorn area tend not to have that on mind . 
  not to mention that not all ` arabs ' are muslim . 
  i did . 
  chickens ? 
  i only recall the rooster as heraldic animal for wallonia . 
  :o - also , it 's places like ljubljana where this would get interesting . 
  next you 're gon na say castille is n't named after castles either !, 
  - ( as i type this , fully intending sarcasm , i realize it 's probably from * castellum * . ), 
  one could even say the lion is the cat of arms . 
  oh , cool , a heraldry/vexillology question . 
  obviously because lions are bad-ass . 
  more so because they were seen as regal , but i 've also read that a lot of folk used it ( not all , obviously ) as a way to signify not being owned by the hre eagle . 
  but it 's actually been a while since i last looked into heraldry much . 
  interesting stuff , at least . 
  maybe worth posing this question to / r/heraldry , 
  i know i am , but do n't let that stop the compliments . 
  :d i was n't entirely sure about the name , thought it might be . 
  that , and in every picture of arrested femen-activists i 've seen they fought a lot against their arrest . 
  that helps controversy a bit as well . 
  true , it 's a lofty goal , but one worth working to . 
  i 'm really not sure ` devoutchristian ' has the moral edge over fundamentalist islam . 
  only if ` british ' is synonymous to ` wrong ' because it 's * indecent * . 
  charisma is clearly more important . 
  we want our leaders to look nice , if they grab a bit extra , good for them !, 
  i did . 
  because sending in regular police officers with regular police gear will work even less . 
  yeah , because sending a militarized police force will help so well . 
  always helped so well . 
  never went wrong in the least . 
  ca n't go wrong !, 
  sm\u00e9agol and d\u00e9agol . 
  then people will ask what those wonky things are . 
  oh well , there 's worse logos . 
  your sleeve ? 
  tattoo the entire flag , as large as possible , on your ass . 
  elf . 
  i hope these so-called parents do n't try to circumcize a possible new son . 
  if you think circumcizing your child brings them closer to god then watching them die should be a decent argument that god might not be all that fond of the practice . 
  neeeein . 
  hm , thank you for your concise information . 
  different name for the same thing . 
  do you , or do you not , see quotation marks ? 
  and that is why i added the apostrophes . 
  female circumcision is n't really circumcision as male is ; male is ` just ' the removal of ` useless ' skin whereas female circumcision means cutting away part of the clitoris , does n't it ? 
  one is genital mutilation for no real reason , the other is even worse . 
  edit 22 hours later , i am absolutely baffled at the fourteen downvotes . 
  especially since no-one bothered putting their disagreement to words . 
  sounds like willie , does n't it ? 
  lunchlady doris , d'ya have any grease ? 
  or the south with the north .
