  indeed only fools consider the early medieval period to be ` dark ages . ', 
  so like anarchy8 said ; worthless fearmongering . 
  nor , for that matter , michael jackson . 
  that was at least seven kinds of bullshit . 
  really sick bulls too . 
  however , that one ` ja , wir folgen dich , f\u00fchrer ' poster is quite remarkable . 
  while i am largely ambivalent to lederhosen ; more people should carry around gigantic mugs of beer . 
  see , that 's the kind of thing i refuse to acknowledge . 
  it might be true , but not in my world . 
  looking at the news ; football . 
  a good point well made . 
  i did do him . 
  or serbia . 
  i just thought it 'd be smarter to post it here rather than there . 
  not sure why i thought that . 
  correct . 
  none of those exist afaik . 
  roman red . 
  i thought the roma are - as a whole - a group of gypsies . 
  with roma being the name of that group . 
  meaning that yes , all roma are gypsies . 
  not all gypsies are roma , but all roma are gypsies . 
  while that might be true , that is not the same as prosecuting . 
  in fact it continues on what easterneuropean quoted `` prosecute them for their crimes or leave them alone '' . 
  their crimes are not being prosecuted and they are not being left alone . 
  to be honest it seems to me , granted i know very little about the subject , but the bad image ca n't be only the fault of those with the bad image . 
  if you assume , based on previous experience , that your children will be picked on for being gypsy when they go to school , are you really that much inclined to still want to send them there ? 
  a bad image can in this way continue itself over and over . 
  those gypsies that do try to fit in with the rest are still mocked , leading to less gypsies trying , leading to more mocking for those who do . 
  : / - as such the discrimination perpetuates itself because both parties accept it . 
  but you havea a canadian flag ? 
  indeed . 
  if a dutchman hates on a frisian * for being frisian * then that is xenophobia despite neither of the parties being foreign . 
  of course , that 's a shitty example , but still . 
  you 're right mlkg . 
  while the rest of your post sounds good  as for the last part - bullshit !, 
  the rroma are free to move throughout the city . 
  do n't tell me reporters ca n't interview them , if even my middle aged middle class mom can talk to whatever gypsy she wants to . 
  does n't mean reporters are n't turned away . 
  and that in turn helps rroma feel they do n't want anything to do with the settled , right ? 
  in the netherlands you - have to - study until you 're eightteen and you have to get a basic qualification , i think . 
  if you do n't visit a school at all before you reach those two goals government will step in . 
  but i 'm very much not an expert on this . 
  do i take serbia or greece ? 
  greece is easier to say nice things about ( lovely food , for starters . ), 
  as i do n't know much at all about serbia except that serbia supplies the hague with war criminals to judge . 
  nah , just kidding . 
  the few serbians i know - online - are generally very decent people and funny too . 
  looking forward to the nice weather . 
  american . 
  quite a problem , imo . 
  i can see why the miner 's strike , i read in this thread that many villages have nothing * but mining * , so logically they 'd want to keep that up . 
  yet the spanish government might not have much choice in working with them . 
  the solution , seems to me , would be to ensure these villages get alternatives . 
  perhaps moving some industrial works towards these villages might help in satisfying the miners . 
  but that is of course expensive and at the moment other european nations wo n't like seeing the spanish governments taking up expensive ` new projects . ', 
  i thought we 're all turks . 
  to be honest , they 're stressing the ` lying ' too much . 
  i prefer to think it was just naive . 
  huh , interesting . 
  i had n't heard of this story - at all - but poor him really . 
  heh , one time i was cycling from the albert heijn in maastricht to the building i was living in and some local yobboes were all like `` hee hollander '' but i just ignored them . 
  when i went inside i heard them say `` he went inside there . '', 
  hm , that 's still just that the currency is n't commonly known . 
  that 's somewhat like saying texan , not american . 
  :p and in my case it 's off a bit more as i 'm from * het bildt * which makes me more dutch than frisians but more frisian than the dutch . 
  sounds interesting . 
  it sounds quite like how i percieve scandinavian languages to sound . 
  anglo-saxon was quite related to frisian , which i have limited skill in , but the intonation and pronunciation is wildly different to modern frisian . 
  of course , this was in a sing-y way ; perhaps i 'd understand better when reading it or hearing it in a calm and collected ` talking ' voice . 
  - i did recognize some words of course though . 
  notable example was ` grendel gonga . ', 
  very close cognate to ( dutch ) ` gaan ' ( ` to go ' ) . 
  in this it would be ` grendel ging ' ( ` grendel went ' ) except that both ` ging ' and ` went ' heavily carry a connotation of * leaving . 
  it 's ridiculous that people paid to handle money do n't recognize a valid currency when they see it . 
  that is , ulster and irish notes - do - actually count as pound sterlings , right ? 
  none taken . 
  hardly ever do . 
  ohh so very little love for dutch . 
  seems quite common to either regard it as weird , silly or cute . 
  outside of this reddit as well . 
  depends a lot on who is saying it too . 
  :p - and yeah , i think german can sound quite nice . 
  the joke that german always sounds angry is bullshit . 
  how can a language sound smart ? 
  to be honest , you seem wrong about almost half of that post . 
  :p you 're right that writing tends to be better than speaking , but i never heard the disrespect . 
  :o and most british-speakers sound like yobboes , not classy at all , imo . 
  i think english influenced dutch more than vice versa , but with the addendum that dutch is closer to pre-norman english than modern english seems to be . 
  yep , disagreeing . 
  :p i lived in belgian limburg for a while ( near the border ) and all the natives were in a sort of sing-song voice which was n't bad but they also pronounced - everything - different then how i was used to . 
  i do n't know most of those . 
  : b except rammstein . 
  i love rammstein . 
  . . yes . 
  there 's great music around and you listen to afrojack ? 
  but but but http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8w2o1wzwhnu&amp;feature=endscreen&amp;nr=1 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrjilk3nxsm&amp;feature=endscreen&amp;nr=1 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsmaf9cvpm4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzpk4bytyek&amp;nr=1&amp;feature=fvwp, 
  ... dude . 
  not usually my kinda tune , but there 's far worse examples to be found in dutch music . 
  i love how that portuguese rhyme ended .
