   national is nazism . 
  they are words that are interchangeable with each other . 
  i did a shitty paper thingie on weimarrepublic last night and one of the things i noticed was that when hitler rose to power he initially had to share with non-nazi nationalists . 
   jews stole my sandwich too !, 
  see , that 's why you take ham and cheese on them . 
  that 's like double nono for them so the jews wo n't steal the sandwhich !, 
  how they themselves rather saw a difference . 
  but nvm i was n't much making a point as trying a joke . 
  tell that to hitler . 
  : u or von hindenburg . 
  or anyone in weimar . 
  vrooooom, 
  not quite serious i dare say . 
  he plays ckii so ca n't be as dumb as that . 
  it was me , but i do n't want to brag . 
  ` sufficient ' or ` enough ' would have been sufficient , or enough , phil . 
  maybe those brought up anglophone and then learning irish later are included, 
   portugal ended up dating the normal girl ( england ) lol, 
  or third or fourth :p, 
  yeah , but imagine someone from elsewhere moving to ireland , taking an interest in the language , and then learning it . 
  they learn it as a foreign language . 
  * in ireland . 
  they might be learnt ` as a foreign language ' though . 
  someone growing up without irish , then learning it would learn it as a foreign language . 
  do n't be a weenie, 
  well , i mean , nothing new there . 
  that is so retarded . 
  yet amusing, 
  pretty sure there 's movies about the mongols, 
  try reading , numbnuts . 
  he 's saying the pigs that died in the fire were really danes because danes are pigs . 
  has no bearing on where it was . 
  double reported for double racism, 
  reported for racism, 
  stupid reasons is what makes the world go round , dammit, 
  asbestos is the cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast, 
  you put spain and the uk above us so imma go with a ) ) : <, 
  dammit jack , sort your self out . 
  good idea . 
  listen closely to what he says , distill what he actually thinks , then do the opposite . 
  i mean . 
  helmets usually are metal . 
   every word ` sympatia ' made enough sense to me, 
  i 'm reminded of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0a04ujwlbla edit ; not entirely the same thing i had in mind but still dara so still funny, 
   awwww , that must of been hard to listen :'( yes , but think of the smell . 
  my bad , that should be : \u00fe, 
  as a whole , you guys tend to write it poorly . 
  yeah i know :p, 
  ... is ukip missing the point of resignation, 
  gunshowcomic for more . 
  yep . 
  then engage full socialism mode , get the mighty leaders in mighty trouble and use their billions ( which they 'd likely continue to use to fund extremism ) to rebuild the areas they so terribly fucked over . 
  hah , trust romania to make it sound positive :p, 
  `` and i shot like sixty deputies , man '', 
  mostly an effect on tiger population :p, 
  some do . 
  when they 're dumb enough to think hitler was even remotely socialist . 
  tends to be more an ` against socialism ' rather than historically interesting . 
  i do n't know . 
  i know aldi does so i assumed lidl also didl, 
  i guess that 's true . 
  ( and it is the right word ) . 
  unfortunately , it 's working . 
  in that case , points for nonverbal communication . 
  but chucking a pie at a politician also gets a reaction and norm-disruption . 
  no point exploding , sheesh . 
  worst shield ever, 
  maybe you could offer him something in return for some of his sense of humour . 
  wait up . 
  his daughter raids her mother 's toys ? 
  milka is n't a lidl brand though . 
  lidl might stock milka but so do action ( not even a supermarket ) and albert heijn ( possibly the top level supes here ), 
  they seem to do poorly on the ` return to ' front, 
  i just do n't get the actual point of this shit . 
  i refuse solely because they keep pushing !, 
  rarafighthepower, 
  yeah i do know both those cases :p i kind of thought as the tea light thing to be similar to the damschreeuwer thing rather than an orange-particular piece of baloney . 
  but i guess not, 
  ... damn . 
  i 've been schooled . 
  stupid orangies being all orange . 
  although , only 19 cases in 12 years ? 
  i would assume it happens a lot more often , but this is kiiinda disturbing . 
  only by anglophones . 
  who just ca n't stop being racist . 
  bedrock ? 
  ground control to majoor tom, 
  swedish totes sounds weird and i 'm studying it . 
  seen it . 
  thems the wetsnatz, 
  ah , of course . 
  which ones are those ? 
  probably my home village , but i honestly do n't recall many more . 
  this reminds me that frisian sint jabik ( sint jacobiparochie ) does n't seem to be on the map ( unless it 's that one red spot too far west ) - same bloke as santiago . 
  sint anne next to sint jabik also is not on it . 
  but oh well , tiny . 
  if i 'd have seen this comment yesterday evening i 'd have gone mad . 
  another ` faktisk ' . 
  kek though if anything ... magyars might pre-date ( and possibly predate ) mongols . 
  not sure how that works .
