  i gave it an upvote , just like this thread , but i would n't count on it succeeding . 
   so far , they are still not taking russia seriously . 
  perhaps partially because putin is in charge . 
  former spy and that leadership-shuffling with medvedev probably did not make him look more democratically inclined . 
   they make up al sorts of far fetched reasons why frisian is officially recognized and more than a simple dialect . 
  just because you do n't understand it , does n't mean its far-fecthed . 
  edit ; i know it 's about stereotypes i just choose to be offended par the traditions of the internet . 
  standard anglo-response : make it about meeeee . 
  no , i was eating when i read your answer , so i 'm chalking it up as expenses . 
  makes me wonder how quickly you think a revolution should be resolved . 
  you realize that the french revolution , lasted for decades and is recorded in multiple phases and revolution attempts ? 
  we can hardly expect it all to be boop-finished-everyone-happy in a month . 
  what do you call a midget psychic running away from the police ? 
  the dutch make diminutives of everything as well . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_fn18ro0dm only more exploited than dangerous . 
  and borstje is ` little breast ' in dutch . 
  is that how you spell rhykobny in russian ? 
  why, 
  oh please , if this was purely factual it would n't need to be fluffed up with `` dark lands ; the grim truth '' . 
  which is ludicrous . 
  that 's saying either `` molesters are welcome as long as they respect law '' which is ... or its equating homosexuality with child rape , which is even more stupid . 
  yeah , and they still will even if others get a bit grumpy about their business in ukraine . 
  another victory for money-grabbing maniacs with no care for their community or country . 
   another german here . 
  with that flair ? 
  gaaaasp, 
  what 's next ? 
  cycle on the freeway ? 
  drive monster trucks over the sidewalk ? 
  just wave your wand and say the right words . 
  do they care about foreign reaction ? 
   reddit also told me that the euro would collapse in 2013 . 
  that might have been your mind jumping to conclusions , rather than reddit : \u00fe, 
  i 'll ... ehhh just mail them my bank account numbers . 
  do n't need snow for that . 
  in fact , better without . 
  but no chance of it getting cold enough for long enough . 
   netherlands i get why is the netherlands called the netherlands/called holland/so rich/the best country . 
  `` orange '' . 
  it 's simple , logical , and utterly devastating . 
  i 'm as batman as your jokes are original . 
  hah i do n't even have parents to live with ahaha get on my level :(, 
  oh right, 
  huh , yeah . 
  that 's odd . 
  or maybe op does n't keep the normal dutch 2 euros as often . 
  i get an error # 2035 , what happens in it ? 
  i 'm not even being defensive , it just baffles me that you genuinely do not realize you just went `` yeah but hey look at the us ! '', 
  edit ; maybe i am being a bit snappy . 
  a different forum has someone going , full of themselves , `` lol eu only exists because euros scared of glorious us '' only * serious * . 
  perhaps that carried over a bit , my bad . 
  that 's not an attack !, 
  what 's there to defend against ? 
  / u/slcbqa is actually right ; there are actual verifiable clashes on a large scale in the ukrainian capital right now . 
  is that happening in the us ? 
  * how can you then take his statement as an attack on your country ? 
  yes , i 'm sure there 's plenty americans peeved , annoyed and discombobulated at their presidents , but that does not make it a comparable situation . 
  exactly , it seems naieve to go `` oh well , if only they had guns . '', 
  because a mob of angry citizens armed mainly with handguns is going to have a fighting chance against actual trained soldiers with armed and armoured vehicles , including tanks , aircraft and artillery . 
   i know the romanians are neighbors to ukrainians , but i want to make sure i make a comment on this . 
  because you 'll be damned if you miss the chance to make things about the us again . 
  plus , they 're the bee 's knees . 
  going off that ratio ; 739,165,030 [ n ] ( 2011 ) , 3rd 739,165,030 / 3000 = 2463883 2463883/19 = 129678 129678 = `` need more than a few hundred . '', 
  leave the country . 
  that 's oversimplified , of course . 
  probably repeated by wankers who read the telegraph , vote nationalist and congratulate themselves on knowing only one language ? 
  there is no ` correct ' in matters of opinion . 
   your ahh , anglophones . 
  :p speak one language , do so badly . 
  what makes you sure about that ? 
  i mean , logically , the one death would n't matter . 
  death at the hand of a protestor , however ... 
  heh , fair enough . 
  it 's just that what we see as similiar might not be seen as all that similar there . 
  yet another cheap and obvious attempt to point outside the country and go ` yeah but no but yeah jonny foreigner is to blame . ', 
  ' t is nederland . 
  and ended up long-knifed in the back . 
  yeah we can say from here that they 're practically the same , but would their neighbous agree to such an extent as to welcome them ? 
  like , i think macedonians and greeks are practically the same , but they 're always bickering and crying about minute details of the romanticized histories of their past whenever i meet them on the internet . 
  typical right-wing mindset ; `` everything i do n't agree with is typical left-wing propaganda even if it 's only an opinion piece . '', 
  yay , bring up the barricades and designate a scapegoat immediately !, 
  my laptop almost died on me is what . 
  that 's easy . 
  now i feel rude . 
  jesus that guy is huge, 
  i speak like nada spanish but the joke was pretty clear . 
  i agree , i think they made it through the trial period fine enough . 
  and septic flesh, 
  wow you 're so much smarter than everyone else , 
   moderately important meeting never had one of those either . 
  peace-keeping corps to engage maffia . 
  in the netherlands the telegraaf is n't much better . 
  in fact , they mentioned boris johnston , mayor of london recently . 
  i 've never had that . 
  rain is so-so , fogging my own glasses over because my breath is hotter than the rest of the air is more annoying , imo, 
  where 's the bird , man . 
  great , now colonize newer worlds !, 
  two pots a day ? 
  how many heart attacks have ya had ? 
  well , this is ludicrous .
