  well yes, 
  cow tze-tung, 
  ahh the balkans, 
  i mean , she is there, 
  oh mike ` turn fruits into vegetables ' pence, 
  that sum asterix the gaul shit, 
  so it becomes bri'ish ? 
  i mean that actually sounds more bri'ish . 
  dude you just said kraft dinner is totally normal . 
  no italian would help you now . 
  problemy just pointed out that it does n't , does n't he ? 
  although in fairness - islamic terrorism is also done by crazy far-right guys, 
  also i thought it was a random swedish woman rather than merkel, 
  either one of those unfunny rubber faces, 
  it 's the principle of the thing for me really, 
  in my most recent ( civ iv ) game one of my towns was on an island with two ` clams ' next to it, 
  i too always colonize the one-tile islands in civilization, 
  sure it would but ... yanno, 
  hi have you met the concept of ` staggeringly obsolete by the time of this fortification ' . 
  hey if ya 's aint coming in , ya aint comin ' in . 
  lol fake eyelashes . 
  take a look at all their eyebrows, 
  fe-males . 
  iron men . 
  why are they such cowards ? 
  cheech republic . 
  close ties with the people 's republic of chong . 
  and a head full of marbles, 
  that sentence does n't really mean anything , but apparently la t\u00e8ne celtic peoples are basically the first to be attested in britain so i guess we 're both sort of right . 
  stupid women *, 
  now there 's a missile crisis waiting to happen, 
  haha scurvy, 
  the suggestion that trump ca n't find pens in his desk in two days is in itself a suggestion that he 's a poor leader : \u00fe, 
  presumably there were natives before even those celts arrived . 
  they do n't . 
  political correctness gone mad, 
  yeah jeeze the ottoman empire was ` the sick man of europe ' well into the 19th century, 
  anyone who points at a single thing as the reason for ` the fall ' is a naive idiot who should be beat over the head with volume one of * classical battles : the greatest hits *, 
  no beating his face ? 
  i happen to know someone who should be at a canary since yesterday, 
  you mention the fucking jutes , buncha bags , but not the glorious frisians ? 
  quite a while , really, 
  huh . 
  we get john player special ( jps ) here . 
  fuck you talking about, 
  everybody who has ever been in an irish-themed pub will have acquired the knowledge of what that means by osmosis . 
  okay but the czech part ( which bit is this ) should worry about the beer not the wine, 
  you 're czech, 
  also prussians are just p-russians, 
  because bavarians ruin everything, 
  going back further than that . 
  england named after anglosaxons , which is the amalgamation of four groups coming from the mainland to go there , but still predated by romans who were in turn pre-dated by celts - more or less the same celts as on the mainland . 
  when the lager inevitably causes you to tip over , make sure you fall backwards else you 'll drop off the cliff, 
  i bet they sit there on their cliffs just fuming and shaking their fists at civilization, 
  oh man on the defensive even before anyone said anything, 
  i thought the english invented themselves to annoy the french but claim they invented the belgians to annoy the french some more . 
  lol coward, 
  you tell me, 
  what the fuck do you mean ` may face ' ? 
  has washingtonpost glossed over the troubles ? 
  the years of lead ? 
  the raf ( and i mean the germans ) ? 
  whoreson !, 
  even your abroad is domestic , ahh italy . 
  what a place . 
  my arse . 
  do n't hide behind your straw-pc, 
  ` basically russia tbh ', 
  ` mutual discrimination ' suggests that it 's women who cause circumcision . 
  i 'm dutch . 
  i have a date with a finnish woman, 
  come on kage you 're coming with me, 
  now i kinda wan na do that, 
  swhat im gnna do today, 
  haha / r/politics is far something alright, 
  he has a dutch surname tho, 
  pretty sure there 's subs dedicated to being ` openly conserative ' . 
  not anyone else 's fault you have n't found them beyond t_d, 
  now that 's what i call breakneck speed, 
  i tend to recognize them from the first sentence i think, 
  your nuts are swedes !, 
  comparisons are n't usually formed by lying to yourself mate, 
  do n't forget his nuts , nigel, 
  switzerland is amazing here . 
  why are france and spain 's dogs voting for them ? 
  especially pink ones with swastikas on thm, 
  wtf yes it is are you absolutely retarded, 
  remove filip, 
  i 'm just saying , with the waves we 're about to create , y' all should be glad you 've got cork . 
  partially because he 's the current one, 
  is n't ` over easy ' a trait for many politicians ? 
  some people just are n't all that skilled at thinking . 
  also the last attempt kiiiinda did n't work out . 
  but yeah . 
  that 's why i did n't really include turkey given that they were expressly about not establishing a strongman dictatorship, 
  right . 
  i just figured ... morocco is about as far from syria as most of europe , is n't it ? 
  why would they even go to morocco ? 
  them 's monthly prices, 
  hahaha and i thought my room in zwolle of 12m2 ( walls on the roadside were like this / ) was crummy .
