  just look at the even more mainstream subreddit / r/politics . 
  for example ; [ this baloney post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/11sky1/america_please_explain_to_me_how_mitt_romney_has/c6p8v8k ) completely disregarding facts and context for a small victory point . 
  eh , it 's just that i do n't really like that type of comedy . 
  it mainly just makes me cringe at the fucked up situation . 
  true , but ehhhh . 
  yes . 
  it sure is , but i 'd never heard of that one . 
   though you must give colbert some slack , because he 's one of those `` pretend to be idiot '' pundits , ' that 's worse . 
  he should just get real and stop bullshitting . 
  szczecin must be one of your favourite towns , though . 
  i 've no idea how to impale an innocent l though . 
  i would n't . 
  and i do n't feel safe about the mullahs . 
  but my sense of in safety would n't increase by the mullahs getting nukes . 
  i mean , no doubt it 's a fucked-up regime . 
  well , yeah , but only if they think it helps their own plans for a stronger country . 
  iran getting nuked does n't . 
  coal plants . 
  it 's rather baffling how some folk think it 's odd students are n't working . 
  well , duh , they 're studying . 
  dude , nasty . 
  you 'd have to clean your own shit-diapers . 
  some . 
  hence why i said ` zealots ' . 
  good job skipping over that , though . 
  zealots , whatever faith , are never rational . 
  just because i disagree with them does n't make them paticularly more insane than so many others . 
  it seems quite probable that this is their exact reasoning . 
  to them , no nukes = being ` freed ' and turned into democracy ( fuck yeah ) by western armed forces . 
  when in doubt ; satire . 
  and with good reason , really . 
  just look at the economic strength of most countries using it . 
  say what you will , but especially german and french economies are simply strong . 
  in that case they should give it to me . 
  i 'll invest it in students as well . 
   i 'd rather nobody got the bomb . 
  well , yeah , but somehow my time machine does n't work . 
  as opposed to zionist zealots and conservative christians helping to fund them ? 
  that too . 
  and iirc , the only other muslim nation with nukes is pakistan . 
  yeah , but really . 
  india has nukes . 
  china has nukes . 
  france has nukes . 
  where are they going to use their own a-bomb without being turned into a crater ? 
  i mean , they 're most likely to want to fight israel , yes ? 
  but jerusalem is holy to them , they would n't want to destroy that . 
  and most of israel outside of j'salem is probably considered palestine by them . 
  but if you give it specifically to help fund erasmus , what 's the problem ? 
  edit ; removed the k from heklp . 
  frankly , who gives a fuck even * if * iran makes a bomb ? 
  they 'll never use it because they know they will be wiped out , completely off the map the second they do . 
  mad-principle still applies . 
  yes but guberment is eeeeeviiiiiilllllllll . 
  also invented `` philanthropist '' and `` democracy '' . 
  but that implies there 's something wrong with cocksucking . 
  or arse-banditry . 
  d : edit 8 hours later ; added ` wrong . ', 
  it 's certainly not an argument not to , imo . 
  not sure if i should , but that 's outside of what i was arguing . 
  i was arguing that the reasons for the german lutherans here in question were shoddy . 
  they do n't get the same coverage because , like i just said , they do n't have orgies in museums . 
  that 's what attracts attention . 
  do n't be disingenuous , the only reason western press give them coverage is * because they do stuff like make music in churches and fuck in a museum * . 
  not because they 're pretty . 
  as if western press has a shortage of ` pretty ' to babble about . 
  agreed , but sooner turkey than israel . 
  i can sort of agree , but only if this means the mother is n't forced to take care of a child she never wanted . 
  her whole life could be ruined because some dick could n't keep his dick in his dick-pants . 
  fuck them . 
  in every way . 
  fuck them in the landing grounds and on the beaches , etc. 
  fuck their attitude of `` protesting against opression is oookaaay but nimby . '', 
  only it 's not even nimby , it 's sort of the same type of building as they themselves use . 
  fuck those german lutherans , how can they even support this line of thought ? 
  `` do n't be rude when protesting inequality . '', 
  they can dance if they want to . 
  his butt was on the front page of today 's spits - free ` newspaper ' . 
  is n't he that giant canadian dick ? 
  this seems an astute observation . 
  now we got ta think of a solution , yet / r/firstworldproblems is a shitty joke . 
  i kinda get what vercian means ; the religion itself might not be to blame but instead tradition within the workings of the religion , bad attitudes among leaders , an attempt to make themselves more distinct from others , etc. 
  islam itself hardly promotes gang rapes , it 's different factors which have made it so that many muslims now see little to no reason not to act like cunts . 
  kind of how in the catholic church an * us vs them * view , celibacy and a * hush-hush * mentality allowed the large and unpunished abuse of children , so might a similar * us vs them * view coupled with anti-equality ideals and a current tendency to fundamentalism might have helped these people think what they were doing is alright . 
  in that sense it 's not islam per s\u00e9 to blame , but the adherents thereof who have helped reach this point and certainly also those who actually went and did it . 
  hates sweden yet wears a swedish flag for a sweater ? 
  someone is n't very consistent in their attempt to demonize ` leftists ' . 
  that 's the pickle . 
  two . 
  i 'd agree if this was the first time after years of internal debate about it , but it 's not . 
  it seems to be one of many hitlerographies . 
  ah , yes . 
  thanks for enlightening . 
  i thought castille has a border with france as well . 
  guess i 'm not as good at jograffy as i thought . 
  ah , fair point . 
  i had n't really considered that aspect . 
  i imagine catalonia has some ore-bearing mountains or what ? 
  i know lisboa could have been used as very good port for the spanish . 
  thanks , quite interesting .
