  ohhh, 
  wait , it 's a polish flag but it says belarus ? 
  they 're for normal filter coffee , i imagine ? 
  just pour hot water over it i suppose . 
  but it 's not as if i dislike the stuff i have now :p, 
  i had a great coffee machine but it broke . 
  :( but honestly my instant coffe ( can indeed be blergh ! ), 
  is quite alright , it 's douwe egberts brand and it 's good shit . 
  i 've recently been tracking my calories so i can get some control over my weight , but apparently i 've been writing down far too many calories for my coffee . 
  because i write down like 200 kcal per cup of coffee . 
  i guess i misread the source i use . 
  ( my coffee 's instant , and the only listing of instantcoffee has ` with sugar ' which i never noticed . ), 
  i dislike milk in hot drinks , but god i love drinking good cold milk by itself . 
  but indeed , quite some calories in milk . 
  yeah , but i was mainly thinking that for an individual police officer that whole greenpeace thing is probably not very relevant . 
  especially not if they 're supposed to , professionally , mind a task at hand . 
  that seems a lot more likely to me . 
  though to be honest , how much would police officers care about what happened quite a ways away ? 
  or associate that particular russian with the greenpeace situation ? 
  you 're absolutely right that he probably should not have been arrested , diplomatic immunity exists for a reason . 
  but the strident allegation that he 's been beat up as reply for the greenpeace thing is odd , to say the least . 
   nobody in france claimed that the french were the only people eating frog legs !, 
  it 's rare that a people makes its own stereotypes about themselves . 
  thanks !, 
  whops , i forgot to send you one . 
  and the polish guy i did send a card to never posted an update . 
  true enough , but i wonder how much access the common middle easterner would have had to the more advanced technology . 
  i frequent a different forum as well and there 's this hilarious turk who has genuinely argued practically everything human is turkish . 
  except for the chinese , they 're not human according to him . 
  medieval europe was , for most part , quite similar to medieval middle-east . 
  different styles , and indeed especially in certain fields of learning and ( medical ) techonology especially arabs were more advanced , but i wonder if it was genuinely a much better place to live . 
  the first . 
  i feel no guilt whatsoever for what other people have done . 
  it 's imo one of the silliest things in current politics ; to ( attempt to ) atone for things far before one 's own birth . 
  but that is exactly my point , i do n't think many people actually feel guilty about what people of the same colour have done . 
  at least not enough to decry almost every attitude different from yours as ` white guilt ' . 
  seems to me only very few people actually feel guilty for what others of the same colour have done . 
  ah , the old white guilt circlejerk . 
  white people ca n't have any ideas different from yours without it being due to white guilt . 
  must be great to be able to categorize everyone so easily . 
  i 'm jealous , i really am . 
  i bet you sound like darth vader, 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  all i 'm saying is that people oppose it . 
  i did n't really say it was a bad idea . 
  i said people oppose it . 
  and that opposition is enough to question whether it 's a good idea to push through nonetheless . 
  that people might prefer alternatives without earthquakes . 
  you can argue all you want that they 're minor tremors , and that it allows a lot of more money , but that does n't mean people do n't prefer no earthquakes . 
  thanks , interesting explanation . 
  sounds good . 
  well no shit . 
  but if everyone * thinks * alternatives are preferable it 's worth looking for them . 
  helping everyone keep happy is also a benefit . 
  oh geeze , you found the best way to make everything worse . 
  i might be confused about terminology , but would n't ` democratic control over means of production ' be very social democratic ? 
  if you have to ask questions as stupid as that , at least ask them to posts where they are relevant . 
  it 's not really about the damage , presumably . 
  quite likely people just get annoyed and think alternatives might be preferable . 
  shale is n't the most popular way of generating energy after all . 
  ... because it causes earthquakes . 
  real mature , mr fingleton . 
  edit ; nice read though . 
  that sounds very in-independent for an employee of ` the independent ' . 
  i dunno , i think doing anything that causes earthquakes , even if very tiny ones , is pretty fucking retarded . 
  i 'm convinced , let 's start . 
  many people , if they htink about it , might prefer an alternative to fracking , and without the quaking . 
  and that is why nazis are usually seen as far-right , yes . 
  i 'm just saying , or intended to just say , that part of the nazi 's own development was the concept of a third way . 
  okay , good point . 
  you 're right there . 
  the entire debate is meaningless . 
  en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_position i know , wikipedia , tertiary source , deal with it . 
  look at ` varieties ' in the box at the right . 
  calling nazi 's left is wrong . 
  calling them right is wrong . 
  though addendum ; as their name states they took some socialist things , which could be seen as left wing , sure . 
  they also took up quite some nationalist ideas which are usually seen as ... right wing . 
  the ` socialist ' in ` national socialist ' does not overrule the ` national ' . 
  the problem with nazis , and fascists , is that they presented themselves as ` in between ' , as the third option between ( simplified ) communists and capitalists . 
  which means it 's odd to define them either way . 
  though i have to say that just shouting nazi = socialist omg is missing the point quite spectacularly . 
  ... that 's not what the thread is asking . 
  oh those downvotes , i have seen the error of my way . 
  wait , no . 
  i 'm actually * right * . 
  what i replied to is not an answer to the question in op . 
  stop using downvotes as if they 're an argument . 
  which is sufficient for them to be seen as dubious . 
  groningen never had quakes before the shale-drilling started . 
  meh , people also think china is a threat . 
  as if it would n't fall apart at the slightest sign of trying to do anything against the us or european countries . 
  that bit about ethnic purities was probably refering to the stupefying remark by waterspiller that `` white countries are 4 everyone . . '' as if that 's a factor . 
  that is more than a bit daft . 
  seems americans are insecure as well if they manage to convince themselves all the comments on this are about the us . 
  whaa, 
  that 's britain . 
  your country is france . 
  though i have to admit , only 1,5 percent in britain ? 
  keep in mind however that the guardian made a story about it , the actual findings of the ons are here http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171778_280451.pdf especially the 3.6 % that answered `` do n't know '' or refused to answer ( on page 2 ) seems interesting and ought have been mentioned by the guardian .
