  dunno , i always thought of germany as western europe . 
  not the simper and poo thing , do n't care about that , the ` cheology is cool . 
  of course , having both historical interest and just now stopped delving into a dwemer ruin in skyrim it 's extra interesting . 
  bring weaponry when that ` barred ' gateway is breached . 
  :p edit ; trying to find more about it , the first link is already down over frigging gorram copyright http://www.theguardian.com/science/2014/aug/12/archaeologists-greece-tomb-alexander-great, 
  plus a plank plontificating about history lessons . 
  should not have looked at the comments . 
  true , but that is added to . 
   it 's a very bad communication issue . 
  the coallition had such bad pr after the last gulf war that now nobody believes such extremism can exist and would rather accuse the cia / `` shadow us gov '' / the illuminati of doing it at first glance . 
  is what ` conspiracy theorists ' referred to , i thought . 
  more like `` conspiracy theorists '' if something seems implausible does n't mean you have to shit your own bull about it . 
  why not just go there like so : http://media.oglaf.com/comic/relief.jpg ( rest of this site is genuinely nsfw ), 
  hence my theory that an american circlejerk is far bigger than any anti- one :p, 
  mendark, 
  nay . 
  they did n't even name frisia : c edit ; oh it 's attached to sealand . 
  my eyes played tricks , so they did . 
  i thought the nl were doing that to belgium . 
  derries, 
   does that count ? 
  do n't need to capitalize the noun though , we 're not gerries . 
  orkshire , then . 
  which is still trolling, 
  potato beartato, 
  could even leave the top green bits white, 
  yeah northfire much, 
  shirley the better thing to do would be strike out ` mosque ' behind it ? 
  at least , i thought grimh\u00f8jmoskeen in its entire was the name . 
  i thought txampion had been one of those incarnations, 
  txampion ? 
  lol, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0a04ujwlbla edit , actually not the one i was looking for but still hilarious . 
  how to turn them back ? 
  but should n't . 
  probably not , but i took `` using shotgun '' as implied . 
  arrest 6 . 
  jailtime, 
  what 's a stalking horse ? 
  reform carolingian empire ? 
  while on the subject of b 's ; i claim belgium !, 
  i disagree . 
  being dropped on the head may have done it . 
  you think they should n't or that it is n't done ? 
  why conservapedia ? 
  what the fuck, 
  dutch also uses ` pampers ' very often for any diapers . 
  f\u00f6hn is also how a blowdryer is written in dutch . 
   ( permanent spanish resident , american , and , uhmmm ... extremely handsome ) and producer of gayron ? 
   deleted because of reddit censorship pussy . 
  you have too many accounts and not enough humour . 
  wat edit ; this guuuy, 
   `` professionally-offended 's national association '' which in no sense , at all , can be used to justify , in any way , the apparently personally targeted blatant fucking racism . 
  and socrates ate a big bowl of poison, 
  does n't excuse ` by ' u :, 
   they 're like the british : cynical bloody wankers, 
  that 's the ruse . 
  and there is the explicit sexual reference . 
  i get the french , the germans , the italians and the swiss , but why particularly britcops ? 
  sint maarten in the netherlands, 
  countries hard 3:25 , dang you balkans :( capitals hard 2:20, 
  * i think that , it 's probably smarter to use ' a genius idea ' rather than ' a genial idea ' because ` genial ' can also means something like ` friendly . 
  hey , someones got ta eat the sharks, 
  orite it 's asking for national/independence i was only thinking of independence . 
  nuts to switzerland , then . 
  wow , starry nights . 
  also interesting to see paris and madrid, 
  there 's the liberation celebration on the fifth of may, 
  i was n't saying you did . 
  i knew about him as a crazy bloodthirsty arsehole , not as a hero of anything . 
  i thought you meant knocking heads off in a fight , which would be supremely difficult . 
  decapitation-in-battle would have been a fairly rare thing , so most decapitations would still have happened outside it . 
  nah , i mean , tesla stuff is alright , but their conscripts are bogus weak . 
  and yuri is a dick . 
  and the word sm\u00f6rg\u00e5st\u00e5rta looks hilarious, 
  ooh ohh its a circlejerk wahwahwah, 
  top is default, 
  ah , cool . 
  or piss in the bucket . 
  that tray of little bread and little pancakeys and little crossaintsies is adorable . 
  even get a smiley egg and sunglasses !, 
  what 's the spotty thing in the bottom middle of the adorable tray ? 
  srsly especially that curry ( which i just spelled cure because cur e ) looks like it was made by a very sick cow . 
  what is minim\u00e6lk , how does one miniaturize a fluid, 
  i knew that much . 
  nnnot very likely here . 
  thanks for the suggestion though, 
  i want them, 
  eh , the second one looks a bit less than the first but actually pretty okay too . 
  especially the amusing little puddingcup . 
  the kifli itself looked great . 
  the rest not so much . 
  what 's a kifli ? 
  good lord hungary ... yikes . 
  the first swiss one looks decent though . 
  eh , kind of depends . 
  i was in k\u00f8benhavn last week and there i was just ` dutch ' but in a dutch context i 'd more likely say i am from friesland . 
  those are inside , duh, 
  that 's not lord of the rings , that 's clearly somewhere in midsomer . 
  sort of tying in ; `` late night imgur '' .
