  question ; how ` radical ' ` left ' is ` radical left ' in current greece ? 
  i do n't care , it 's not like i 'll eat the shell . 
  note to self : learn banking . 
   that makes no sense . 
  corruption is often a consequence of wages that are too low , yes ? 
  at least , not in the latest corruption cases here in the nl , i 'm thinking . 
  here it 's usually ` big cheese of large company takes scoops out of account and then retires with a few million euros he never earned . ', 
  netherlands big . 
  this might explain things . 
  plus is n't it the liga nord 's goal to secede the north of italy from the rest of it ? 
  maybe today was simply the first time you noticed it . 
   that anarchist sounded like an ideologically confused bellend . 
  as is tradition . 
  tiid = frisian as well , and ` peper ' is dutch . 
  ... but he 's still idiotic . 
  also , yes , * tsiis * is very similar to * cheese * . 
   croatian is the easiest to learn wat ? 
   would it be possible for a german native speaker to learn dutch by reading dutch material ? 
  yeah , the similarities have always amused me . 
  i 'm also regularly baffled when people do n't quite get what i thought was obvious . 
  mind you , that is mainly the case with frisian . 
  very many dutch do n't acknowledge that it 's language and/or pretend to completely not understand anything . 
  just the slightest thought on their part would quite probably give quite a lot of understanding . 
  oh well , i suppose i 'm quite language-minded . 
  i always knew dutch and german were alike but in these cases they 're more alike than i had thought ; properly spelled (  ) it 's zigeuner , and ` mobiele ethnische minderheid ' though . 
  ( though dutch police do n't use mem ), 
  why ? 
  nothing good comes from those anyway . 
  not to mention , racism is a crime . 
  and crime is for niggers . 
  that 's actually pretty cool . 
  agreed though there 's some close contenders . 
  maybe his agenda is to contribute , thus making all of us more neutral . 
  insidious , i say . 
   ... an historic leader . 
  err wrong . 
  a historic . 
  i think poodles are not dogs and german shepard 's are cooler than all others . 
  err wrong . 
  shepherds . 
  :d ^ :d, 
  it seems a fairly unreasonable accusation that the current moderation team stops things merely for disagreeing with them . 
  how would you being a moderator be a better counter against ` all the bloody socialism ' than just you posting your opinion ? 
  this way it looks like you 're just looking for the power so you can flagrantly abuse it . 
  argue on your own merits , for fuck 's sake . 
  lol , leading the world . 
  when i first saw this thread i thought of a slightly different headline at first `` telegraph makes shit up : nobody surprised '' . 
  but this seems not to be entirely accurate . 
  are you serious ? 
  maybe i 've simply always been oblivious , but i 've identified very little symbolism in this subreddit . 
  certainly not in the form of a big deal . 
  the place is n't an echo chamber imo , i have no idea what the opinions of most current moderators are because they do n't post all that often . 
   they 're going to have their views , they just should ' t use mod status to give their views any more weight that anyone else . 
  exactly . 
  hence making it pointless to choose someone based on their percieved opinions seeing as , if they 're a good moderator , they would n't use their moderator status to argue their opinions anyway . 
  this seems fairly silly . 
  but a moderator is supposed to be neutral , surely . 
  you are now choosing one particularly because you think he would n't be neutral . 
  are these the only two parties ? 
  i think i recall that cyprus only has two parties , but is it a genuine two-party system or are there simply only two parties ( but with legal room for one more ) ? 
  because with numbers like that it seems to me that there is some room for a more central party . 
  : o interesting , though . 
  i rarely eat with a napkin . 
  maybe to whipe off grease of hands afterwards , but hardly ever during . 
  as dkysven already mentioned ; leverpastei . 
  probably more or less the same as leverpostej only spelled in a less orkish manner . 
  ( :p ) similar is also leverworst , which is substantially more ... substantial . 
  and as an inbetweener there are also softer leverworsten ( like saksische or smeerleverworst ) which are probably quite similar to manwithabeard 's leberstreichwurst . 
  the man 's name is beppe ? 
  in my dialect ` beppe ' denotes grandmothers . 
  like ` nanna ' . 
   waisted i 'm not so sure you know english to be honest . 
   his # 1 role is to hold speeches , receive way too much money , and live in a fucking castle . 
  besides that , he has no executive power . 
  i could do that . 
  third official language in the netherlands . 
  mammoths are cool . 
  'cause you a dummy . 
  this title brings to mind an idea ; if italy manages to produce a live mammoth , all debts are to be waived . 
  about time . 
  we all know that hamburgers are the cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast . 
  ... do n't make things weird , man . 
  vomiting on someone else 's shoes is n't a good idea either , though . 
  i love bread-with-extras . 
  like corn-bread . 
  with bits of hard corn . 
  and with poppy/sesame seeds . 
  or pineseeds . 
  hahahaha , shit , that was funny that advice with the dog . 
  but in the nl even cheap zuurkool seems quite okay to me . 
  sometimes i think dark , especially almost-black beers are very sweet . 
  and the one time i had guinness i was so sorely dissappointed . 
  :( but the fellows who advised me to try it then promptly blamed the fact that it was bottled rather than tap guinness . 
  recently i tried a very nice brownish beer ` st feuillien ' . 
  the dude who sold it ( liquor store ) suggested that it was best at about ten degrees and it was absolutely great . 
  drink the wrong beer and this turns you canadian , though . 
  : o well huh . 
  i used to hate zuurkool as a wee dutchie but i 've lately started liking it . 
  we do n't mix it with lard . 
  i 've never heard of ananas with zuurkool ( we also say ananas .
