  i doubt this happened . 
  why do i doubt this ? 
  1 ) it 's too ludicrous to be true . 
  2 ) it 's the fucking telegraph . 
  somehow , that 's really cute . 
  somehow i missed this , but i do n't seem to be out of the average much . 
  for a tiny moment i wondered at the dutch flags in that first picture . 
  damn . 
  because it seems odd to hop over to a different currency , even if this one is still rather new . 
  seems a bit of a silly question for the nyt to ask . 
  and they celebrate that ? 
  thanks . 
  hm , really ? 
  i 'll admit to being only slightly knowledgable about russian history , but at what point was russia dependent of poland ? 
  looks tasty . 
  more likely because his remark has nothing to do with what aschebescher ssaid . 
  aschebescher expressed awe at the willpower necessary and asyx just said `` lefties are bad too '' . 
  which was delightfully unrelated . 
  i find it odd that this is about languages ` in danger of dying out ' yet almost all the languages in the list are fairly well represented and often even the sole official language of the country . 
  where 's icelandic ? 
  where 's frisian ? 
  assumed quality , goes with ` warmongering ' . 
  need n't be taken too literally when i use it ; any warmongering = shithole , even if the country itself might be sorta nice . 
  yeah , these kids are nice and all , but against that ? 
  nice map . 
  i prefer no new warmongering shitholes to be added , please . 
  fairly sure eating dogs is even haraam according to the koran . 
  we did ? 
  that 's almost fifty years ago . 
  if the junta of then is still troublesome now , then there have to be a lot of other factors . 
  yep , everything is everybody 's fault , especially evil conspiracy germany and double evil turkey . 
  even if it 's only been a few minutes it seems a good idea to stop pretending these countries are each others archenemy . 
  now i wonder what the turkish versions of such statistics are like , and why these are the way they are . 
  i 'm not going to assume turkey does that because they are evil as ` archenemy ' implies . 
  population of ten million ? 
  oh , i did n't mean to spread them out only in greece , sorry if it looked like that . 
  i meant to spread them out all over europe , really . 
  tens of thousands become one in many , that way . 
  certainly greece should not be the only country to take them in , that would be unsustainable . 
  i am dutch , but thanks for the info nonetheless . 
  :d a problem , in my opinion , is that so many people just go to a default ` foreign = bad ' stance , thus a ` migrant = bad ' ( and ` muslim = worse ' ) stance which is what hardens such borders , only making shit * worse * for everyone involved . 
  i 'm glad my hyperbole was an exaggeration , i would n't have known what to do with myself otherwise . 
  it 's still almost a century . 
  any arch-enemy nonsense should be shelved . 
  imo , both nations should let cyprus be cyprus . 
  both greek and turk cypriots seem only to exacerbate the problem by consitently blaming the other side . 
  eh , all scandi-knaves anyway . 
  i do n't think it should be action * against * illegal immigration , to be honest . 
  best would be not to leave the poor sods stagnate , but to take them in , spread them out and help as many as possible to return to and improve their former homes . 
  stricter borders is very unlikely to help as you 'd have to make trying to cross the border shittier than the situations these people are trying to escape . 
   illegal immigrants come via turkey . 
  probably . 
  and it 's greece 's job to prevent them from entering greece . 
   turkey is greec ' e archenemy , no it 's not . 
  stop pretending . 
  both countries are nato members , both have been at peace for , what , centuries ? 
  i know there is rivalry , there certainly is , but come on , let it end or at least dwindle to such levels as dutch-german or norwegian-swedish rivalry . 
  to even call a neighbour and ally ` archenemy ' does not help in the slightest . 
   that 's why their border patrol could n't care less about slave traders . 
  first you say greece 's coasts are too large to protect , but now turkey with far larger coastlines should suddenly be able to catch all the crooks ? 
  mite tricky there . 
  the rest of your post i can believe , however . 
  in fact , i know you 're mostly right there ; immigrants do tend to get stuck in greece and in italy and on mediterranean islands and indeed they are often forced to turn to crime ( though i never heard of them bringing back diseases ) . 
  but ;  all these any many more are bad for the social cohesion of a country . 
  it 's not ` all these . ', 
  it 's one issue . 
  people emigrate from elsewhere , hope to enter europe via the mediterranean , fail , get in deep trouble . 
  golden dawn idiots think they can punch people to stop causing trouble . 
   a ) putting a stop to illegal immigration . 
  greece has a huge coastline and turkey could n't care less let 's not pretend it 's turkey 's job to repair fucked up greece . 
  what do n.d. tyson and dawkins have to do with this ? 
   `` europe '' never let the nazis get in power , the germany did . 
  after that there was a war . 
  it 's two totally different things . 
  nah , the first country the nazi 's conquered was their own . 
  mine ? 
  none . 
  i merely saw that your post was after the post saying it was a glitch so i linked it . 
  in retrospect , slightly more angrily than necessary . 
  that , and a large amount of links are from british sites , here in / r/europe and these are almost invariably a bunch of sore cunts . 
  i 'd say eurosceptic but it 's not really - sceptic , just anti- . 
  you 're doing nothing to deflate it though . 
  to paraphrase ; `` as a brit , i cant write for shit '' , this is part of why americans are often bashed ; because they ca n't write their own language . 
  this might also explain those four downvotes you have here . 
  [ try looking around rather than crying at people who might be busy . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/11yjzh/censorship_of_reurope_has_begun/c6qou8o ), 
  oh irony , the post calling for people not just to downvote had 1 | 4 . 
   this is very similar to the behaviour of people from another big subreddit , r/atheism . 
  a place completely void of any rational thinking or constructive discussion . 
  you either agree , or you get `` removed '' . 
  a behaviour which also holds similarities with the muslim extremists who can not tolerate any opinion other than their own . 
  i like the rest of your post but this is so blatantly wrong it 's not even funny anymore . 
  do you have res ? 
  it shows how many up and downvotes each post and thread has . 
  so many threads at the top are completely torn , split practically in two in the votes . 
  same with comments . 
  yes , a lot of anti-islam exists , but no , you do not get removed unequivocally . 
  look for example at [ this string of posts ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/11t1le/muslim_rapes_2_year_old_because_father_refuses_to/c6pfzwo?context=3 ) . 
  unfortunately for me the main thread itself is 73 % agreed with , but you can see in the votes on these comments that there is a lot of division in opinion . 
  also , / r/atheism is usually singled out for such an example , quite undeservedly in my opinion .
