  his nickname is ` prins pils ' so i think it 's seen some beer , at least . 
  other than that , he 's healthier than friso . 
  ours is about to step down though , in favour of her drunk son . 
  maybe he 'll turn into a new aphrodite ? 
  ... we weld them together ? 
  queen b  queen e. 
  does n't seem really surprising , tbh . 
  yep . 
  `` the lower donau-lands in the time of the romans '' is the main title , and the small map is named `` provinces of the later empire '', 
  cheap vanilla coca cola would be great . 
  last time i saw it was in the jumbo here and it was a euro per can , something like that . 
  the way it should be . 
  plus sometimes there 's cumin in it . 
  . . make that the spartans at crete !, 
  that 'd be unique . 
  now that 's one way to take a moral standpoint . 
  not entirely sure if i agree with the course of action , but i ca n't help but admire the boldness . 
  i was totes right , though , was n't i ? 
  you 're right , i mistakenly interpreted as meaning only ( 2d ) visual objects . 
  \\ o / victory !, 
  by using your stinking thinker , plonker . 
  have you seen forgottoflush reply to twogunsalute ? 
  i assume you did n't , even though it predates your stupid comment by eight hours . 
  should have looked for that , he acknowledges his mistake in it . 
  and edited posts show an asterix behind the timestamp , but maybe you 're on a mobile and that does n't show . 
  and thirdly , the format and posting of twogunsalute 's remark should have clued you in right there . 
  if it had originally said ` cue ' then tgs would not have said * cue but , more probably * queue , in which case your now-asinine remark would have been a pertinent one instead . 
  but instead you seem both arrogant and illiterate , a combination native anglophones seem to display all too often . 
  nee , is nederlands . 
   : u on second thought , you can have it . 
  gib back flag . 
  remove of checkerboards . 
  ... vinger is dutch for finger . 
  you drink fingers ? 
  think , thomas , you clearly have n't met all sixteen-and-a-bunch million . 
  alright , but not even all us shows combined with a cherry on top is comparable to sherlock . 
  alright ? 
  alright . 
  tarantino movies make up for a lot , though . 
  downvote for saying australians are upside down . 
   : u and double-downvote for claiming sa is british colony . 
  beware of images ? 
  is the author truly so naieve as to think propaganda is relegated solely to images ? 
  yes , it is . 
  hence why twogunsalute suggested it as alternative to forgottoflush previously wrong and since correct post , stupid . 
  i more or less agree , but let 's not pretend that current problems are solely because of the ` neoliberal goldbugs ' . 
  we should collectively face the fact that most of s-europe was doing fairly shit already . 
  change of scenery . 
  normally a hairy english bloke ; then a rugged frisian dude . 
  in faaaaact ... , 
  nono , clearly it should have stayed there . 
  clearly , reagan is to blame . 
  so none of the downvotes are because of the inherently exaggerating title ? 
  i blame the foreigners . 
  seems strange that this would be worth mentioning . 
  i can take 'm , but sometimes i miss 'm . 
  christ , you are such a little bitch at times . 
  i though you were referring to dutch ( probably ) being derived from frankish , rather than simply , as i realized later , pointing out that we 're in betweener france and germany . 
  pft , do n't make me get into gb heritage . 
  hey , someone downvoted your posts . 
  there will be order in thine posts . 
  it 's only reasonable . 
  if belgium goes to shit most of it will rejoin glorious big netherlands anyway . 
   athiest engineer what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i 'd read it before on / r/europe , but the word looks funny , mainly . 
  i wonder , if spain would acquiesce to catalan demands and set them loose , would they then more readily support kosovar calls for independence ? 
  ah , no snide comments about ` youth ' this time . 
  progress !, 
  more seriously , i ca n't genuinely blame those who leave spain , to be honest . 
  that seems a stretch . 
  yep . 
  a historian . 
  the h is n't silent . 
  :p also , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany_must_perish, 
  would n't be surprised if the germans on the internet have some of the thickest skin available . 
  does n't mean they ca n't get fed up with ludicrously unfair accusation . 
  oh , is it ? 
  i thought it was founded as part of frankish expansion . 
  gives us a casus belli . 
  `` piefkes '' make me laugh unreasonably much . 
  orange , sporange . 
  their german holdings were more important anyway , the principality of orange merely had a higher de jure rank . 
  do n't make me reform the grand alliance . 
  frise , but i meant for this map . 
  for looks ' sake , belgium should have expanded more east wards , and so should the nl . 
  this way france is just enveloping beegee-um . 
  awesome situations indeed . 
  because he seemed to think uat2d asked if austria should get a piece of germany , but uat2d was asking why austria was n't divided . 
  related ; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_annexation_of_german_territory_after_world_war_ii#bakker_schut_plan france is too far north . 
  yay !, 
  blame germordor !, 
  the needlessly complicated number system on the cigarette machine . 
  i 'm having a hard time imagining that to be useful . 
  smoke 's concentrated nonetheless , about 2m around an ashtray-pole . 
  the smoke does n't spread that much . 
  that ... seems needlessly complicated . 
  does it even work ? 
  dutch train stations often have restricted smoking areas . 
  in theory ; cool with it . 
  but tourists often seem to want to try everything at once .
