  mind you , i am surprised it 's so low . 
  but that does n't mean it 's a distraction . 
  for the ostracized it is definitely an issue , and is it any surprise they get support ? 
  if the label had been presented to me without the rest of this post i 'd probably be able to see ` socio-liberal ' refer to myself . 
  but paying for what happened centuries ago ? 
  never . 
  but that emphasis on gay marriage thing ? 
  what a load of shit . 
  what a load of shit . 
  do n't blame ' a certain left ' for that coming more to the foreground , do n't claim it 's a distraction from real issues . 
  it ** is ** a real issue even if you think the other ones are more important . 
  no one is trying to distract anyone . 
  it 's beautiful !, 
  they 're counting on europe being willing enough to keep relations positive . 
  maybe it is white guilt , but how is it leftist ? 
  but to be honest , the ` retarded ' was a bit flippant . 
  i meant more ; that 's oversimplified . 
   they just want to exploit the leftist white-guilt . 
  that 's retarded . 
   african nations give zero fucks about them and they know it , this is true . 
  everybody else 's answers so far have been retarded . 
  it 's because the african tribes did part of the enslaving , but the european countries did most of the trading , all of the shipping , and all of the plantation-holding . 
  and part of the enslaving . 
  which means they kind of were the bigger player in this . 
  well , of course . 
  mind you , i live in one of four rooms here , two are rented by people i hardly know , and the other is vacant at the moment . 
  someone might get something delivered . 
  though there is a little openable window in the door , i could use that . 
  but that just seems odd . 
  other person be all like `` wtf with that window , just open the door . '', 
  as an addition , there 's a peanut butter brand playing on that saying ; ` helaes . ', 
  :d my favourite so far, 
  no , we should n't . 
  but rather that than pressuring people to give photo - or video-graphic evidence of themselves having sex . 
   yeah and anyone can just say they 're homosexual and get a free ticket in . 
  okay . 
  sounds preferable to the alternative . 
  well ... obscure . 
  been watching qi lately ? 
  oh , i was thinking ` know better ' as ` but spanish is more useful ', 
  whatcha mean ` know better ', 
  bloody irish coming to ireland taking the irish jobs from the hardworking irish . 
  ops, 
  wait , spanish in snoreway and weden ? 
  for the holidays , or what ? 
  : o plus i dare suppose that the 1st most commonly studied foreign language tends to be english ? 
  fairly sure european packages do n't tend to show pictures . 
  at least , not dutch ones . 
  bull . 
  basically . 
  okay , that 's actually fair enough . 
  as long as he gets some of those dirty , dirty foreigners , no doubt . 
  shush periphery , everyone is welcome in the discussion . 
  it 's an open forum and savannajeff has contributed quite some insight all over / r/europe . 
  more than the guy advocating cold blooded murder , no doubt . 
  because why flee one shithole at war to another shithole on the brink of war ? 
  in this particular example however it 's `` the government complaining '' which is in turn complained about . 
  it being anything refers to a wider tendency . 
  yes , and tie him to a missile , too . 
  shoot him straight into aberdeenshire where the savages will eat him . 
  anything, 
  ahh , america . 
  the land of cheap shots at any other nation , all the time , as its default sense of humour . 
  and then cue the british complaining about it in / r/europe without attemptimg to do something about it . 
  hm , fair enough . 
  though to be honest , i 'd think it 's more a heritage of the location rather than of one specific group over the other . 
  but then , seems to me these things have been part of the history of either sufficiently to be at least partially ... part of the heritage of both . 
  a bit like anything charlemagne-related in aachen not necessarily only being german heritage . 
  do n't they kind of ... share heritage ? 
  yes . 
  ( ^ by ^ americans ), 
  well , that is one patently stupid idea . 
  you just know that the southern countries ( already in distress ) will quite soon go `` woah , we ca n't handle all of them '', 
  turkeece . 
  or grurkey . 
  all of its inhabitants frequent / r/europe . 
  \u00e7orry , i thought that was the question . 
  i also thought the things were pretty much french-only . 
  well , duh . 
  :p i realised that the moment i saw they were just balls of fuff . 
  now you mention them , i always thought zippos would have a fluid-compartment . 
  they do n't , it 's just cotton balls . 
  c with a cedille , iirc . 
  to point out it 's pronounced as an s. 
  parts of amsterdam are under construction ( as in , open roads ) , last time i was there , but the large museum is open again . 
  okay . 
  now there 's a life lesson ; carl the day . 
  that 's not what he said nor what he implied :p, 
  just take a nap at the top before returning :p, 
  i suppose then that when i quit i might have a sense of smell i 've never had . 
  intriguing . 
  i should find mountains somewhere and just not bring any tobacco with me . 
  that 'd be the freshest air i 'd ever had . 
   even standing outside with smokers will get that damn smell in your clothes . 
  i never noticed that . 
  but then , my parents also smoked , so maybe i 'm more used to a smokey-smell then a non-smokey one . 
  i have , but i also smoke . 
  so i might not have noticed . 
  i guess i get that , but them being useful on the other side , does n't mean they 're not a pain on my side . 
  it 's not even about money for me right now ( though i have never enough , of course .
