  human folly , however ... 
  jokers to the left of me , clowns to the right, 
  uh no english are more danish than germans are danish . 
  but the english are also more french than the germans . 
  too much bother . 
  and slightly ruining the point of a flair which like flags and heraldry should probably be as clear as possible at first glance :p, 
  no , even the globe looks weird ( due to the little black horizontal bar ) ; i 've seen it often enough as a grenade and if i zoom my eyes in on it a little like a peculiar jerrycan . 
  in that case i misunderstood what you meant . 
  no it fucking does n't . 
  shows how well i can count , i thought my visit to copenhagen had n't been that very expensive . 
  i thought it was a bar of lead . 
  which does suffer from some shrinkage , does n't it ? 
   i 've never heard of minchin 's white wine though . 
  do you recommend it ? 
  it 's a song , not an actual wine . 
  :p i only half-heard the lyrics but it made me reflectively emotional . 
  also my day-to-day is dutch now , only with family ( such as i have left ) do i speak bildtish . 
  and with twin-brother an even odder version . 
  slap aftreksel . 
  yes , you did . 
  well , a comfortable one , but it 's used the same way . 
  i just did n't expect it . 
  and combined with minchin 's white wine in the sun and the pictures of this thread i felt oddly emotional . 
  maybe also because i 'm skipping school for the first time this year , and then a brit speaking frisian sort of blew my mind . 
  :p also , ` in lyts bitsje ' is my standard reply , i actually grew up speaking a municipality-specific friso-dutch dialect . 
   noflike dei  well , shit now i just melted . 
  catalonia . 
  also , point at flags you do n't know , they 're usually titled , 
  the dutch feel the same about the flemish . 
  clearly we need to make a new , better flemmodutchman by having those least disugsted with the other people making stronk children . 
  i suggest we call this meesterras ` frisian ' . 
  waf , plons and knor . 
  yes . 
  that 's indeed not what humanism means , and men getting raped is n't particularly relevant to false accusations , i agree . 
  it probably should be , but it 's been a while since i 've read anything on humanism . 
  it is not specifically like feminism an equality thing . 
  they should , but humanism is n't about equal rights for all humans . 
  that 's not what humanism is . 
  jebus , with the amount of silly nattering , over the flag ffs , how would they have any time left to do anything else ? 
  those two are wildly different things , no matter what people who think feminism is bad because of it 's name ( of all things ! ), 
  think ; humanism is barely even related to feminism . 
  i know . 
  and i know . 
  it just seems peculiarly dismissive to refer to a war as a rodeo . 
  it 's a war . 
  bombs falling . 
  people exploding . 
  a rodeo ? 
  polish . 
  d-did you just strawman a strawman, 
  somehow this reminded me of stronghold where your advisor might indignantly go all ` half rations ?! ', 
   browsers yeah , like chrome because google is so good at listening . 
  do north edinburgh golfers putt differently from south edinburgh golfers ? 
  i do n't know, 
  polish, 
  i automatically read ` during the world wars ' as ` during wwii ' because nl was n't in the first one :p, 
  battle of afsluitdijk aliv in history, 
  eh , i chuckled . 
  fairly sure / u/bannedforvotingukip3 was n't calling your statement inaccurate . 
  he just said it was crap . 
  in terms of phrasing , mainly . 
  i mean , yes , fuck the is and they are bitches , but `` the amount of fuck-you america can drop on bitches '' is nnnot a very in-depth description , perhaps . 
  i thought those hundred were taken from slain philistine warriors . 
  as in , sent by plane ? 
  and no contact between airport/france and the frigging pilot ? 
  you 'd think someone would notice before the fucks disappear . 
  i might never not be amused at pilou asb\u00e6k 's name . 
  doggerland strong, 
  that 's not really arrogant of him , just dumb :p, 
  ` orrible . 
  gnarly . 
  turrble . 
  a midget , leprechaun , klabouter whatever showing his dong . 
  aww that belarus duckie is so cute, 
  only the belgies think that and they 're wrong by default . 
  and also of muslims , native maltese , italians and sicilians from before the hospitallers , i should imagine :p, 
  or in savannajeff 's case , because they hold a baseless grudge against the poster . 
  most his downvotes may well be from people who have previously disagreed with him , even if the comment being downvoted has nothing to do with those posts . 
  yes, 
  you 're missing a ` flame of udun ' there, 
  the fuck dude, 
  right . 
  i thought it was a bit different . 
  wait , who were there before the scoti ? 
  i mean , i did vaguely know ` scot ' at its earliest referred to irish , but never knew who were there before them . 
  does the answer to that matter one whit as to whether we should be fair ? 
  nor is any of those things ` marxist ' . 
  because africa does n't give a flying fuck and even if they did , could they stop it ? 
  for a moment i totally thought the red ones were left socialist leaning . 
  true , but linguistically norman and french have a fair share of similarities . 
  :p ( f.e. 
  ` fitz ... ' still part of some english noble names ; cognate to ` fils de ' ), 
  as lovely a fantasy as that is , no they were n't . 
  :p seriously there are two centuries between rollo getting a patch of land in normandy and the actual normans invading england . 
  even the normans thought themselves more similar to the english than to the scandinavians . 
  the rus ' were a swedish group of vikings , rather than slavs . 
  of course , eventually they became very slavic on account of being in the middle of slavs . 
  edit ; actually far more disputed than i thought . 
  and they are go . 
  did n't even see switzerland .
