  what ? 
  yarp , but that does n't mean they mean the same . 
  :p a minor is n't a minor , for example . 
  and a saxon is n't a seax . 
  well i do n't know why i came here tonight . 
  i got a feeling something ai n't right . 
  none at all . 
  if there 's sufficient stockpiles of that , i guess . 
  and even then that 's probably only a temporary flooding , surely . 
  fairy nuff, 
  what ? 
  literally every time scottish or catalan independence were mentioned most of / r/europe was all for it , as i recall . 
  only vaguely negative towards the scottish attempt was the idea that spain would try to block it . 
  perhaps , if this happens once , yeah . 
  but say , if more governments start selling rather than destroying those things , would n't that have an effect ? 
  it seems better to me to destroy the lot ; does n't seem as if the profits from selling it would be much on a national-government-scale and this way at least they 're making a point . 
  i do n't know , would n't the french government selling the stuff add to the legitimacy ? 
  as in , people might start thinking that it 's not bad to do because it has a presidential sanction . 
  seems to me that it would be a very minor inconvience compared to possibly increased demand . 
  wha , no way :o, 
  i do n't know , it 's become clearly associated with neonazis etc. 
  in the last few decades . 
  we can prefer previous meanings , but that 's not really how it 's seen . 
  and these pvv ` ers knew that . 
  and decided to wear it anyway . 
       it 's called national-socialism for a reason and that reason is n't that nazi 's were very socialist . 
  they wanted to say they were . 
  there 's a difference . 
  besides that , ` national-socialism ' is rather dissimilar to ` socialism on a national level ' . 
  i wonder if they had enough for it to actually flood anything . 
  / r/netherlands happens to have a thread on some organisation getting mad at some producers of school books for accepting the theory of evolution . 
  good . 
  typical of the north not to do it , then . 
  oh yeah so hygienic , everyone 's foot stink all through the house . 
  oh yeah , fair enough . 
  good point , plus i think part of the concern might have been that sochi would probably be quite full , with quite a lot of people eating quite a lot of food . 
  silly southerners i bet . 
   a white sock killed my father !, 
  i know that sock , your father raped it !, 
  dude , until i was like 16 white socks were all the socks i had . 
  only one to ever bring that up was someone trying to prove how big and tough they were so they picked on a quiet kid drawing in a sketchbook . 
  first time i even heard of a white sock-taboo was in a godawful commercial about some crazy bitch phoning her crazy bitch friend to talk about her crush who had white socks but was forgiven because of expensive toilet paper . 
  how the fuck can white socks * matter * . 
  argh . 
  same here usually . 
  unless they 're staying the night or something . 
  just a visit ; they 'll probably leave them on . 
  the bullest of shits . 
  i read this more on reddit than i see it irl . 
  hell , if it happens at all it 's usually with a little generalized wave `` congratulations everybody '' . 
  basically only the person who actually has their birthday gets actually congratulated in my family . 
   we do n't even say anything when we 're going off the bus . 
  we just give subtle hints here too usually , only not ` subtle hints ' more as ` i 'm getting up so you probably best get out of the way '' but being somewhat you know , civil , is n't going to gather odd looks either . 
   i know that in wales we have these things called mountains . 
  ah , but there be dragons . 
  christ , indeed . 
  but ... cork floats . 
  it seems mostly funny , if anything . 
  yeah , i 'm not travelled at all and i knew that that was nothing sochi-specific . 
  and it was a positively summery day here . 
  in as far we have seasons anymore . 
  why am i ? 
  because it 's the only one i still can reply to , rest is too old and i wanted to say ` hi , jeff . ', 
  what 's that guy trying to do at 0:46 ? 
  and that clapping woman at 0:20 amused me . 
  rebel alliance, 
  pancake is best cake . 
  i keep seeing the cypriot flag as some eldritch guitar even though i know it 's the shape of the island . 
  it 's assumed * in america * is the point . 
   firstly , i do n't know why you said `` so-called south , '' because `` the south '' is perfectly understandable . 
  probably refering to how often when ` the south ' is used it refer specifically to the southern us , but many hwo are n't from the us have to make just a tiny jump to realize that ; i 'm , for example , far more likely to think of the south of europe or even the south of my country for just a moment until the context slots into place . 
  and stop getting mad at a forum , dude . 
  the gross mishandling of precious local flora . 
  yeah , like , get on benelux level, 
  because it 's wrooooong . 
  also , if i mention the uk ni is automatically included given that it 's the `` united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' . 
  saying the ` uk ' is like saying ` nl ' for the netherlands , which is by the way many more better than ` holland ' . 
  ooh , i 'm the third . 
  just say ` the netherlands . ', 
  ` hague ' as a substitute for ` the hague ' is also easier , yet still annoying and still wrong . 
  as is ` u ' for ` you ' . 
  first thing wrong is vvd and the second thing wrong is limburg . 
  obliged by my principles to say ; den haag ( addendum , every foreigner who just says ` hague ' may be spitroasted for all i care ) , amsterdam , all of noord-holland and heineken . 
  yet it 's still better than yours : u, 
  dang , i forgot to do so . 
  oh well , it 'd basically only be the house across the street anyway . 
  did you use facial measurements to get to that conclusion ? 
   stop emphasizing things you do n't like with a red font ( it makes me think your ordinary readers are retarded ) , yeah they should make it drip blood instead , and there should be dancing skeletons next to it . 
  i 'm just waiting for the first polish photon torpedoes for probes . 
  i dunno , vampires are the shit . 
  doubt it . 
  as nice as it is to assume someone has a grudge , it seems far more likely to me that said dane ( who was jumped at quite enough ) is merely relaying an impression he got and never intended to accuse all of the us . 
  quite frankly it looks a lot as if the us-americans in this thread have collectively decided to be offended at the thought someone might have oversimplified a thought they intended to present . 
  stop taking everything as an attack , jesus wept . 
  absotively !, 
  however , kasparu did n't say `` all americans '' but `` some americans '' which is more likely than `` not a single one , never ! '', 
  i just know what americans think , because i 'm american . 
   i know the opinions and thoughts of 317,573,000 people because i am one of them you sure that 's how it works ? 
  i 'm having a hard time understanding how / r/europe is pushing ukraine at all . 
  or just a non-aligned cunt in a bad mood .
