  then why were they posted like thrice on / r/europe already ? 
   while ruling with an iron fist over the dutch i hope ? 
  otherwise you 're just weird :p but of course !, 
  playing as anyone i prefer blobbing into my neighbours at first , which means oldenburg ( though german ) , holland and gelre first . 
  mind you , holland tends to be stronger at the start of eu3 , so often holland takes a bit longer . 
  though i usually played the whole world mod , which adds a frisian culture and a frisian-culture county in the waddeneilanden ( held by holland at the start . ), 
  the anti-bus coalition strikes again . 
  `` by god , i think the devil shits dutchmen '' ( ; __ ; 7 ), 
  that is one bent man , but i like his style . 
  except for the caps . 
  to be honest , most my euiii games were as friesland , and i never really took over the hre as friesland , usually simply becoming a strong western-mainland power with large colonial empire . 
  ahhh . 
  i thought that was the inverse , but i was confusing it with the flemish flag . 
  do n't apologize for improving the world . 
  d : imo , it really should happen . 
  wait , is n't golden lion rampant on black field brabant ? 
  seems odd to use brabant when the most of the rest are national heraldries . 
  wait , you started a game as the hremperor ? 
  pointless game much ? 
  :p also , neither crown nor religious symbol please . 
  oh , i know that author 's name . 
  that does n't mean it 's not disputed territory . 
  never heard of it . 
  my first was pyramids . 
  between spain and morocco . 
  aww . 
  depressingly , i do n't think i have very many dutch books . 
  is n't night watch better anyway ? 
  i kind of forgot what guards!guards !, 
  is about . 
  i do n't give a shit, 
  threw a knife into heaven , could kill with a stare, 
  washing-ton , washing-ton . 
  six foot twenty fucking killing for fun . 
  as a frisian , i wonder where i 'm standing in all this . 
  and it 's called england . 
  ... there 's too fucking much . 
  the downvotes on this post are not warranted . 
  i never tried to copy an american accent , feck orf . 
  while not decent of course ( to put it ludicrously mildly ) , worse things happened afterwards which make it still an area of conflict . 
  i 'm a bit fucked in the head at the moment , but i do n't entirely understand the cromwell reference . 
  i thought the ( modern , religiously inspired ) irish problem began to take shape after crommers snuffed it . 
  of course not . 
  just saying that your post did n't seem all that closely related to the headline . 
  and absolutely none of that gives gd supporters any right to demand to see identification papers of the nurses . 
   they were envied for their wealth acquired through business and banking . 
  which most never had . 
  sure , there may have been - some - rich jews , but the vast fucking majority was pretty damn poor . 
  read , that 's five months ago . 
  go to a more recent thread , please . 
  hey , are you insane ? 
  i 've read some of his books , so i did know some of that . 
  i 've seen ` self hating jew ' used to describe stephen fry once , on youtube ( i know ) . 
  never encountered it outside that . 
  i bet the nazis took some jews with them to the moon just so they could discriminate and murder them later . 
  who do i mail the award for kicking in open doors ? 
  / me shakes fist in finnish direction . 
  two million ? 
  that 's genuinely nothing . 
  i did know that , but i did n't know the status of those islands within the kingdom . 
  this is shit . 
  that 's the standard , yeah . 
  ` allochtoon ' needs someone to be more foreign than germans . 
  well , no , but fine . 
  his voice makes everything funny , imo . 
  all lies . 
  my mind 's eye says otherwise . 
  oh sure , i was joking . 
  a noble aspiration . 
  i like belsen . 
  i should bike to denmark . 
  sounds like a lark . 
  on one hand ; amsterdam is both closer and the only one of these i 've visited , but on the other hand ; amsterdam is a shithole . 
  no wonder they wanted higher if they only got 60 % of the european average . 
  labelled as chicken , but the labeller bought it as horse . 
  before reading the article ; that sounds like non-news . 
  filler . 
  for the catbox . 
  edit : after reading the article ; it is non-news . 
  filler . 
  for the stew . 
  hence why the iberians are doing badly ? 
  yes sir . 
  principles , but i agree . 
  i would probably not have been on her side , but what i know of her certainly suggested strength of character . 
  ` because of unions ' sounds rather odd ( and oversimplified ) , tbh . 
  man , you got ta have an opinion . 
  status : deceased . 
  what ? 
  probably ooh big-bad - eu bullshit . 
  why would the eu care about some little cross ? 
  system operator , most likely . 
  worldnews thread you linked called him a moderator instead . 
  i meant irl , bro . 
  strange . 
  the wannabe historian in me cringed at the over-simplification for those reasons . 
  mo ' money , mo ' naco ? 
  i know a bulgarian . 
  she is ludicrously nice and not a beggar at all . 
  is n't gamey-tasting the point of eating game ?
