  tu is a bit too t for me . 
  calling for the ban of a group of criminals ( even though calling themselves facist ) is n't the same as bannung fascism , is it ? 
  okay sure , but i took rural areas as areas within a country rather than as ` developing countries ' . 
  netherlands has most abortions in the most urban area , by the looks of it . 
  more abortions i say , more !, 
  i agree with most of your assessment here , but i really do n't think wilders can solve it , as far as i can see , he and his brigands ( seriously unsettling how many of the pvv were ` discovered ` as downright criminal a while ago . 
  the human trafficker , the ex-cop who peed in mailboxes and beat up bartenders , etc , etc , etc ) only point at scapegoats whenever an opportunity presents itself . 
  calling culture ` linkse hobbies ' ( scapegoat : the left ) was pretty stupid , blaming islam and muslims for pretty much any social problems seems pretty stupid to me , blaming brussels or the parties he actually formed the shortest recent government for any financial problems seems pretty stupid to me , etc. 
  the only thing i can agree with is his general message of `` het moet anders '' but i do n't really know how he wants to achieve this , and so far he has n't been able to inspire much trust in me . 
  ( due to aforementioned issues . ), 
  he merely seems to play the blame game all the time . 
  but then , the vvd ( for example ) can hardly be called liberal , imo , so yeah . 
  at least , i get the idea it 's mostly the vvd who press for more and higher accijnzen ( have n't paid much attention lately , i admit ) which seems neither socially liberal nor economically liberal . 
  it really is just a party for self-serving rich conservatives to me . 
  christ , last time i visited the main thing that struck me was that i 'd hate to have to drive vans in amsterdam . 
  lol , like which ones ? 
  they 're all either naieve , plain wrong and/or incompetent . 
  and the ancient greeks and later the romans were considered the pinnacle of european civilization . 
  let that one sink in too . 
  wtf are you talking about, 
  frysl\u00e2n has many signs in frisian , in dutch and frisian and a bunch in frisian/bildts . 
  as do mine when i forget them :p, 
  also often available in dutch supers , though for a bit more than 50 cents , iirc . 
  jiminy christmas , overdrijfsijs . 
  i 'd sooner put progressive as opposite to conservative . 
  hi-ho-hilarious politics, 
  sweet as a teet, 
  thanks . 
  i blame the hollanders, 
  perhaps , thought so too at first . 
  all i know ; worst snifflies ever . 
  does this explain my very first case of hayfever ? 
  because not far before i moved from frysl\u00e2n tto zwolle . 
  from blue to yellow-edgered . 
  and english west-germanic, 
  haha suck it belgies, 
  nah , far too much bother for no result . 
  just do it , op . 
  i still want a bomb on volendam . 
  neither of the terms mean caesar , but they 're derived from that word . 
  :p but yeah , european royal houses tend to be a bunch of krauts no matter where they are . 
  points two , three and four are finnish , man :d, 
  furries, 
  sure , i guess . 
  i 'm merely saying no-one should be surprised ( or particularly indignant ) those who leave shitty countries would like to settle in better ones . 
  oh sure , but i think that on an individual level it makes sense to continue to an even richer one . 
  we might not necessarily want them ( do moroccans , however ? ), 
  but that might not be the top of their concerns . 
  shows what he knows . 
  but the point of that line is that willem wishes he could keep going as normal but that the king forced his hand . 
  by saying he 's honouring him he 's also making him look as the person who is to blame for the rebellion . 
  how is that bizzare ? 
  willem was a kraut , and he honoured the king of spain . 
  going from syria to europe is a lot easier than going from syria to south america , though . 
  many might not be able to afford that trip , tbh . 
  yeah no shit , they 're hardly going to flee one shithole to live in another shithole ( possibly also on the brink of war . ), 
   we could just let them find a job and rent their own place , but that might actually solve the problem . 
  in another thread here in / r/europe another german said that many companies do n't hire people with a not-german enough name . 
  so your solution is n't much of a solution at all . 
  the house i was born in i was sure is older than it is on this map . 
  he was n't really referring to style , though , but because rotterdam had been gutted by nazi bombardment ; destroying much of its older city centre . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  hi , talk real . 
  :p kidding . 
  i lived near maastricht ( only just over the border ) for a while , though . 
  i really could n't understand the more accented maastrichtians especially not because i was used to a very different northern accent . 
  bah , silly flemish with their greasy slippery fake-g 's, 
  hm , that 's fair enough i guess . 
  also part of germany itself . 
  bakker-schut plan , anyone ? 
  i do n't think it was a northern part of greece ; it was populated mainly by non-hellenes , after all . 
  thracians , celts and illyrians , and all . 
  none of them were considered greek , neither by themselves nor by the greeks , not even when the odrysai ( thracians ) adopted greek as the language of the court . 
  to be quite honest , saying macedonia was ` northern greek ' is like saying etruscan-ruled etruria was ` northern roman ' . 
  how do you figure obama actively dislikes the uk ? 
  that is so not a slap in the face , silly telegraph . 
  used to be cool , man , used to be cool . 
  went downhill ever since the revolt against antipater . 
  this was a very interesting debate to read . 
  hadok 's version seems to be winning , upvote-wise . 
  oh , spain is bringing that up again ? 
  also everything european east of germany is eastern europe to me, 
  i thought the dutch driekleur predated the french revolutionary tricolor, 
  i can sort of understand thinking of amsterdam as a shithole . 
  the first and second times i visited i did n't like it at all . 
  ( but especially the second time that was partially beyond amsterdam 's control , but still ) . 
  the third time made me fall in love with it , really . 
  racist . 
  magyarorszag stayed with me after seeing that link . 
  either ` nederland ' or ` koninkrijk der nederlanden ' if you want to be supes official . 
  meh , the tolerance is towards sexuality and drugs , not towards icky brown people . 
   once europe is cleared of these retrogressive assholes then perhaps we can do the same here in the states to the american taliban why only then ? 
  why not right the fuck now ? 
  i even recall it from a sherlock holmes story . 
  definitely, 
  did n't stop the greeks of his time of denouncing him as a barbarian , of course . 
  that too is childish natter . 
  islam was n't overrunning europe , an islamic state made an incursion to the north of the pyrenees . 
  there is no real way to claim europe would have been overrun by islam if martel had failed there . 
  israelis are culturally probably closest to palestinians .
