  i 'm not sure i read as far as that example , but that was indeed rather a clusterfuck , as far as i recall the knox-case . 
  also a fair point , but is that problem on the public 's side ? 
  perhaps a different impetus is necessary to solve this problem . 
  i see . 
  yeah , that shit needs to be a more independent organisation to have - any - credibility . 
  sounds like the anti-corruption agency might have a pr problem . 
  i see , thanks . 
  but he 's also saying that `` innocent until proven guilty '' is n't a thing , which as far as i know , it is . 
  even with a civil law system , even without a ` jury of their peers . ', 
  ah , then it must be that why i thought it was bad , i must simply have remembered that it was getting worse . 
  it 's entirely correct dutch . 
  for crappy beer . 
  agreed . 
  though i 'm not sure what you mean with ` kut bier ' unless you were speaking dutch for that post . 
  wagner is awesome , and offensiveness lies in the brain of the offended . 
  i thought the number was larger in the netherlands . 
  i would not like a porcelain automobile . 
  i feel he 's misrepresenting justice in ` europe ' ( as wel as misrepresenting europe as a single monolithical entity ) but i do n't know enough about justice systems to point out what . 
  what makes british rozzers so heavenly ? 
  the silly hats ? 
  meh , words like ` diktat ' seem merely thrown around to make people mad at foreigners/the eu . 
  like ` brussels ' when used by british politicians . 
  probably true . 
  roma seem mostly a non-issue in the west , with some exceptions . 
  juice ? 
  ` we ' are going to send something up called juice ? 
  the nation we all love to hate . 
  honestly , makes sense . 
  `` french torpedo '' threw me off there . 
  i was thinking ships , not conventions . 
  i did n't want to go that far . 
  someone else told me that meat was still an option on the so-called ` vegetarian days ' even without free ` burgers . 
  that 's cool , never heard of it before , but i haven ' t visited any concerts either . 
  it was probably the bagpipes at 3:36 doing that for you . 
  horrible people . 
  sack all of them , get decent people to do their jobs . 
  those are silly people . 
  for a large part ` nationalists ' are against further eu-integration . 
  they can find allies in other nationalist parties for this , i guess . 
  they were planted , planted i say, 
  huh , nicely done , then . 
  thanks . 
  why do they accept the fuss about porn a while back ? 
  what flag is this , then ? 
   leftists use for their raging antisemitism . 
  are you intending to imply that every ` leftist ' is a raging antisemite ? 
  that seems a deliberately shitty title . 
  but the film might be interesting . 
  it 's not as if massive amounts of frisian are nationally famous ( and claiming the province is the best ) . 
  i mean , there 's piet paulusma . 
  and doutzen kroes . 
   i ca n't lie , liar :p, 
  tricky , never said ` impossible ' . 
  true , but ` fuck you i 've got my own ' seems a staple in any right wing politics . 
  the tricky part is probably in getting something large enough to box off something to empty . 
  ah , overcrowded shithole is your kinda thing , then ? 
  well , duh , but i thought we were supposed to keep that a bit of a secret . 
  do n't people from pretty much any province often claim theirs is the best ? 
  not necessarily all people of a province , but a decently sized core , surely . 
  five kings defeated in one battle ? 
  ` liberate ' rather implies a conqueror . 
  wut , how the fuck is the uk ` the small guy ' ? 
  i do want to hear but it 's not working . 
  edit ; ah there it is . 
  catchy . 
  would n't dare !, 
  also , seems quite bloody tricky without some land to work off of . 
  they 'd need to box part of the sea around them , and then start pumping the water out of that box into the sea around that . 
  i think the flag is a clue here , that 's a proposed inter-frisian flag by a group vaguely striving towards re-uniting all frisians . 
   frisians think they have the best province in the netherlands . 
  sez who ? 
   up the ramparts !, 
  lol , aquaking i am . 
  but yeah , that 's a proposed inter frisian flag by ` de groep fan auwerk ' , a group vaguely striving to re-unite all frisians . 
  the bit we call west-friesland ( which is not what anglophones call west-friesland ! ), 
  still one pixel because seas are n't coloured in . 
       his english accent also sounded incredibly forced . 
  i think he 's a brit . 
  do n't those two statements slightly contradict ? 
  it 's general spanish , not castillian . 
  may as well be an arag\u00f3nese speaker speaking ` castillian ' spanish . 
  it does n't matter where it 's from honestly . 
  all english is english , all spanish is spanish . 
  i 'm just saying that if you must differentiate then it seems odd to do so with ` european spanish ' especially if that 's the only spanish used in the clip in the first place . 
  ye-e-e-s but calling it ` european ' seems silly given that the countries of origin , after which the languages are named is silly given that they quite clearly are in europe . 
  if differentiation must be made ( not sure why if the purpose is gibbering ) then surely call the american ones ` american ' . 
  spanish and portuguese are european by default . 
  imo , that 's part of the fop-ier accents . 
  :p the law-students and such maybe . 
  the ones that live in upscale hilversum and similar richy-people-places . 
  ` nu ' is also perfect dutch . 
  ` nou ' is more an informal one . 
  's because you 're used to the sing-song no-proper-g slippery bollocks . 
  :p you 're too french . 
  ` european ' spanish and ` european ' portuguese ? 
  i smell an american . 
  not much , but i presume the thing was meant to represent what might happen if the ice caps turned into water suddenly , rather than slowly . 
  it seems baloney , though . 
  i mean , how many dikes are there in the south of noord-brabant ? 
  plus , the dutch waddeneilanden seem to have grown but the german ones disappeared ?
