  has nothing to do with your childish twaddle . 
   also , why is there a random aisle of clothes in the middle of the store ? 
  because it 's lidl . 
   same with my first order of pizza , medium-sized . 
  expectation : getting a pie with diameter of 25 cm like at home . 
  reality : got a family-sized one which lasted three meals . 
  that explains why i see a lot of talk about eating pizza slices for a meal rather than entire pizzas . 
  pepperoni is a sausage here as well . 
  like a small salami usually . 
  ( netherlands . ), 
   the name `` kent '' stems from the brythonic for border . 
  does it ? 
  i 'm playing the brytenwalda mod for mount & blade warband right now and there 's a ( mostly jutish ) faction named cantware there ; prompting me to think kent is from a germanic stem . 
  [ something like this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkm1kaqkzsu ) ? 
  except of course the military-industrial complex !, 
  and the musons !, 
  yep . 
  although , a gun . 
  a makeshift spear would be quite useful too , but you 're likely to get shot and cudgeled to bits if you do . 
  i 'd always heard that we ( dutch ) took the term from norwegians . 
  dutch too . 
  what shitstorm ? 
  there is n't an issue . 
  someone getting caught doing this will get prosecuted for it . 
  oh , very minor . 
  okay , you going to find who did this graffiti , then ? 
  you gon na kick them out ? 
  also , dogs , horses , cars , cuffs and big hats . 
  lol , fat chance . 
  really ridiculed ? 
  i tend to think `` is that green , or is that blue '' ? 
  probably used to it , eh ? 
  well , no . 
  the moderate muslims are the vast majority of muslims who do not deface or attack anything . 
  what do you mean no news ? 
  it 's been done to death , it just has n't had any recent updates the last two weeks bucause not much changed in the situation . 
  sounds like it could be amusing , but do n't ask for famous people . 
  there was a thread about that too , i just could n't name any . 
  i honestly thought it was called ` east frisian ' and was bigger and more northern than only that spot , though . 
  and fat !, 
  you just ca n't hide it !, 
  nice . 
  :d i was just joking , but now a very interesting post by a thematically appropriate account . 
  thank you !, 
  right . 
  i do n't recall claming that ethnic , cultural and religions reasons were n't there , though . 
  is n't that just like a kraut, 
  stop this . 
  it is silly . 
  and slightly suspect i think . 
   sweden is bored kids that do n't know what it means to be in trouble . 
  that is a socio-economic ( mostly socio - ) reason , you idiot . 
  i r sniffing finger in public, 
  i ai n't even got an opinion . 
  edit ; someone got shot in amsterdam, 
   i agree that the ss represented the nazis , but it does n't represent the average german . 
  similarly the jihadis represent islamic extremism , but they do n't represent the average muslim . 
  ah , i agree with this . 
  but not with :  i am once again clearing up the point , since the elephant in the room is these violent people being empowered by the 1.1 billion silent people in their religion . 
  i really ca n't see the silence/silent disapproval of the majority as empowerement . 
  i 'd say he actively countered it . 
  these are a few knobs rioting , that was the ss , a force deliberately set up as an elite force . 
  the ss , he said , did respresent the nazis , the few rioters do not represent islam . 
  main land is best land . 
  that sounds difficult , and then with one hand ? 
  : o i thought bears had too thick a neck for that . 
  like i said , islam is a part of it . 
  also a part of it is an automatic rejecting stance towards people who happen to be muslim , because they are muslim . 
  but then , i 'd already used like five paragraphs to say that ` us or them ' might well contribute to the problem at least as much as their religion and there you go and do it again . 
  that last bit was pure speculation , and the rest is what i 'm talking about . 
  :p they 're muslims , that 's indeed part of it , and they 're dissatisfied with the actions of western countries in the middle east , and do n't feel at home in their host-country , but do n't feel like they can go back either , yet an us vs them mentality is present both among the ( muslim ) immigrants and the `` natives '' . 
  add to that not feeling at home also possible difficulties of getting the jobs ( and/or respect ) some feel they should have ( whether as wish or entitlement ) and it soon looks like more than just them being muslim . 
  those are the ` socio-economic ' factors often mentioned , the problem is n't just that they 're muslim . 
  add to that people who routinely say that their religion is a backward supperstition ( thus strengthening their own us vs them mentality ) and then it should be apparent why i think it 's dopey to just blame islam on the murderous nutters recently . 
  yes , these nutters were predominantely muslim , sure . 
  also predominantly brown , and predominantly male . 
  meh , banning obvious trolls does n't seem a flaw . 
  probably part of it , but there 's more to it . 
  well , that seems unlikely to happen any time soon . 
  all right , i see your point . 
  very good explanation , interesting stuff . 
  i 've tried . 
  there were a few bits i could make heads or tails of , but mostly because i remembered . 
  if you 'd present me a swedish text without any non-lingual clues , i would probably not be able to find out what it 's about . 
  [ saterland frisian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisian_languages ) , i think . 
  compare that map with the little map in the article i 'm linking . 
  that does n't mean shit . 
  : o i do n't understand swedish * at all , * but dutch ( and frisian and english ) and swedish are both germanic . 
   it 's because we do n't have diverse opinions in sweden and if anyone disagrees with the majority held opinion he/she is ostracized do n't lie to yourself . 
  so `` not being a cunt '' is `` pc bullshit '' now ? 
  and apparently `` fool of gigantic proportions '' is `` total badass '' . 
  interesting . 
  with biker mice ? 
  silly , it has more than hexa corners . 
  nope , that 's how i read * liberal * as well . 
  * progressive * is more about the social stuff . 
  hexagon ? 
  quite interesting . 
  lol , nature . 
  bananas we eat have little resemblance to the natural ancestor .
