  are you shitting me ? 
  conspiracy theory much ? 
  only evil evil nasty little men like the euro ? 
  riiiiiiight . 
  does n't that assume that the only problem is the euro ? 
  rather than structural deficiencies ? 
  i can , i feel , but that 's a pretty good distinction , yeah . 
  what a jackass . 
  that 's probably what the british consulate is trying for at the moment , right ? 
  because the article is very uninteresting in it self , i 'll just go by the title of this thread ; is the article suggesting euro countries should revert to their own currencies ? 
  because that 's so frightfully naive it 's not even funny anymore ; reverting to previous currency would cost billions per country . 
  oh , that reads like good news . 
  hats off . 
  edit ; one downvoter prefers hats remaining on head . 
  so no , she does not have anything to do with it ? 
  in that case ; do n't mail her . 
  it makes things change from discussing the matter to looking like harassment . 
  why mail his wife ? 
  does she have anything to do with this acta business ? 
  i 'm from the light haired part of the netherlands . 
  but not light haired . 
  :o i know , shocking . 
  forgot about those , but slavery was temporary and you only became it if you commited crimes , right ? 
  the right answer to the wrong question is the wrong answer to the right question . 
  deep . 
  also , i like your username . 
  considering the main talk of austerity measures happened after shit hit the fan ; no , of course not . 
  does it help ? 
  a different matter . 
  hehehe . 
  i agree though , both our immediate neighbours are better at beer . 
  an all too accurate prediction , i fear . 
  yep , that sounds like a good way to start . 
  hertog jan. :( i like hertog jan. 
  i can understand not liking heineken , it 's piss , but hertog jan is rather decent . 
  but most people ca n't read portuguese !, 
  make europe america without americans ? 
  sounds good !, 
  more 's utopia was actually pretty shitty in some respect . 
  he wrote into it that it was alllright to believe anything you want * as long as you believe . 
  * atheism get punished . 
  nonono , see , arrest bankers = progress . 
  see . 
  that simple . 
  yep . 
  simple . 
  no bankers = no banks = no problems !, 
  except you do have a central authority . 
  every country has one and most people in many of those countries do value freedom a lot . 
  having an authority is not incompatible with freedom . 
  reminds me , our pvv-loonies here in the netherlands have at times suggesting to remove the [ first article from our constitution . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_netherlands#chapter_1:_basic_rights ), 
  that would firmly put it in the [ sep ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/somebody_else%27s_problem ) zone . 
  burgess said jefferson did say it . 
  just no-one adhered to it . 
  he is of course right that throwing money does n't work . 
  but not spending for the sake of saving enough to get out of debt also does not work . 
  structural reforms seem the only choice . 
  and thems cost money . 
  as always , hemphock , as always . 
  i 'm actually renting the room in zwolle , but yeah , randstad is *** far *** more expensive . 
  yeah , but you can divide frisian up in w\u00e2ldfrysk , klaaifrysk and stellingwerfs as well . 
  and it does n't mention bildts , a frisian/hollandic mix dialect which is my native . 
  i think it 's a bit silly to group all previous greeces in modern greece . 
  unless the defeat of julius civilis counts as a dutch military defeat . 
  which it do n't . 
  no , i do n't think it 's likely . 
  are you kidding !, 
  you just follow a study course , then one day call you 're sick ( or do n't , no one cares ) and heyoooo . 
  day is for your underwear . 
  i wonder why you 'd even wear underwear . 
  ohh . 
  i thought you were in britain due to your flag.also , wait what ? 
  the government blew up the main power ? 
  :d edit ; i see your link to tekai . 
  oooh . 
  haha , okay . 
  that much for a room ? 
  i 've got one for 280 a month ; including electricity , water en internet . 
  had to move out of parental home when you do n't have work ? 
  : o how can you afford rent and stuff then ? 
  i think i was nineteen when i moved out . 
  a year and a half later i moved back . 
  another year and a half later i 'm about to move out again . 
  i think that he was spoofing their intention of making merkel look terrible , rather than accusing her of being a nazi himself . 
   i 'm not defending her , i 'm just saying that her entire team of experts had no clue either . 
  nor did the leaders of other countries and their experts . 
   germany should leave the euro and join scandinavia in a union . 
  leave the southern parts to get it together and become competetive for a while . 
  together we could rule the wo ... baltic sea ? 
  downvote . 
  that 's not very statesman-like . 
  solution ; do n't take the car everywhere , doofuses . 
  i do n't like reading about that crackdown ; he should have forced those employers to pay illegal workers the same amount of money as legal ones ; that way there 's little to no reason for any employer to prefer illegal over legal employees , right ? 
  incredibly so . 
  even us * democrats * are rather right compared to dutch political parties . 
  dutch ; estland , letland , litouwen . 
   on the contrary : history teaches us that the tide can suddenly and inexplicably go out , and that things can lurch backwards into darkness and squalor and appalling violence . 
  no , in fact it does not . 
  only fools think that way .
