  i do n't care because i 've never heard of those . 
  and g\u00fcnther is probably a jerry anyways . 
  plus , there 's a titty . 
  ikea , no doubt . 
   and i disagree with the idea of being kind with other people 's money . 
  you know , letting people keep their own money is also for the betterment of the country/the world at large , in both situations you improve the life of somebody , the problem with subsidies is that it 's done at the expense of somebody else . 
  taken to it 's logical extreme , who can be relied on to provide reliable roads for everyone in the country at constant and regular prices everywhere ? 
  can a ` self-made ' magnate be trusted to do this ? 
   name me one major development that came through with government planning . 
  from the lightbulb to the automobile to the personal computer to solar power itself , all that came from individuals pursuing their separate self-interest with the means they had at their disposal . 
  as a dutchman ; poldering , for example , very rarely would a singular person decide `` hey , i will buy this lake , then i will get a shitload of mills , and then i 'll have a lot of land ! '', 
  - it was a matter of government and how they raised their revenues with taxes and money lenders . 
  ( though indeed the latter could well be private entrepeneurs . ), 
  seems to me this is why there are elections , no ? 
  there often are parties who want the government to do more , and for that use tax revenues , and there are parties who want particular instances to do these things , therefore requiring less in taxes . 
  if the majority of the country votes for a party whose plans require higher taxes , then yes , that party gets to choose that . 
  in a democracy there 's more to consider than people 's personal pockets . 
   have n't we learned anything from history with regards to central planning ? 
  what ? 
  no , we have n't , no . 
  it has at times both worked very well , and incredibly badly . 
  leading me to suggest that , no , a heavily centralized government is not necessarily a problem as long as it 's remotely competent . 
  uk special !, 
  uk renegotiate !, 
  everything !, 
  please , it 's how he 's always worked . 
  so far you 've simply agreed with how he misrepresented everything . 
   even that would be best achieved by lowering taxes and letting people and companies invest in the research on their own account with the extra income they 'll then have . 
  but , they wo n't . 
  most people simply do n't think of it , even though it would probably be in the best interests . 
  they 'll have more money to spend personally , sure , a little bit , but nothing or only a fraction of that would go to the research , surely ? 
  i disagree with the idea that you 're making it seem unethical to tax for the betterment of the country/the world at large . 
  some things , imo , ca n't be done without it being a province-wide ( or larger ) effort . 
  i think i agree with your final point , though , ` by not subsidising etc ' but i 'm not entirely sure if i understand it . 
  interesting thought , but is that enough to prompt more private investing in solar power generation ? 
  most of europe never gets further than the tons of paperwork . 
  if the private sector thinks it 's meaningless as well , what other incentive should they be offered ? 
  sounds about right , except that all of it is wrong . 
  that does n't remotely look roman . 
   i may be doing this wrong but by doing 376785 * ( ( 1,25 ) to the ( 1/3652 .5 ) ) -376785 i came to the conclusion that in a single day , the greek debt increases by 23.000.000 $ with interest only . 
  well , damn . 
  i like your joke and her breasts . 
  not watching beats it . 
  that brings about another point , american posts often use ` students ' to refer to goddamn toddlers . 
  kindergarten-frequenting brood . 
  *** i *** am a student , ffs . 
  23 years old and learning to become a teacher in history . 
  ca n't really mention any right now , but i rather love how the giovanni hotel looks . 
  lol third . 
  me too . 
  if everyone did that the problems should be solved . 
  good job , frustratedbro . 
  and those that were already bought before austerity were burnt . 
  yep . 
  yes , mr. halibut , such has been explained to me . 
  i would n't be a good astronaut as i 'd just convince myself that that part which broke was n't important anyway . 
  mercia and sussex . 
  ikea to compete with nasa and esa ? 
  no no no , he should add more . 
  things like ` sportsball is okay to play , but boring to watch ' and ' i do not understand why people pretend these things are important ' and ` most footballers should be shot in the head after their twentyfifth birthday ' . 
  to prove their mousy worth , they 'll overthrow the earth ? 
  oh , right . 
  i must have misunderstood fip 's post about the mayors . 
  that seems to depend on what the actual law would be . 
  allowing gays to marry is n't the same as disallowing clergy from * not * marrying a same-sex couple . 
  which is most of us . 
  ca n't speak for preperpostgrchtshf ( is grchtshf gerechtshof ? ), 
  but i do n't like beckham either . 
  for being a footballer . 
  in the nl pastors and churches have the right to refuse to marry same-sex partners . 
  at least , i think they have . 
  if you 'd put the french flag with the red on top , then it would be rather higher and less wide than the dutch one . 
  :p which is also a darker blue . 
  lucky bastards . 
  gieb monies . 
  ah , more conspiracy twaddle . 
  funny how people only think their politicans are capable of anything when they 're accusing them of sinister plots . 
  i think it 's one of many pieces of fucking cloth that people ascribe too much meaning to . 
  nobody said it did n't matter , dunce , they said that christianity does it too more to show that all those beliefs are stupid , not just islam which is really just one variation of the same crap . 
  lol , what twaddle . 
   edit : for those who missed it , i was talking about a british supermarket , iceland , how the fuck should the rest of us have known that ? 
  ah , so the dutch cognate is more schatting ( tribute ) than schat ( treasure ) . 
  i laughed when i read alfie there . 
  yobbo name much . 
  it 's a fairly special version of the same basic name as jan and ian and john and jonas etc. 
   skatteverket treasure works ? 
  was n't it destabilised , anyway ? 
  a strong sharia rule would sooner stabilise it than destabilise . 
  lol , slipper . 
  :d born in 1989 as well , never been hit . 
  sometimes squeezes in the arms and stuff , but no slaps , no slippers . 
  thanks . 
  lovely . 
  that was n't deleted . 
  depends on the parents . 
  i often see non-parenting progenitors , though . 
  they 're a family of jerries anyways . 
  last one died anyway , did n't he ? 
  that too . 
  they were quite literally plebeian nobiles , bro .
