  ah yes , fair enough . 
  why do n't you doctor zhivago away . 
  i just looked it up ; the waddeneiland terschelling is twice the size of malta . 
  try sinking . 
  how come the swede is n't blond , and how come the finn is ? 
  i knew that last one differently ; a belgian newlywed couple are travelling through a remote area . 
  suddenly a gunman appears , aiming at them . 
  the gunman draws a circle around the belgian man saying `` if you leave this while i 'm fucking your wife i 'll kill you '' . 
  the belgian man is afraid to say anything back and the gunman fucks his wife . 
  when the gunman is finished he sees the belgian man laughing his ass off . 
  why are you laughing , fool ? 
  while you were fucking my wife i 've left your circle three times !, 
  fairly sure i 've heard that , in dutch , about the belgians . 
  related : why do the ships of the new italian navy have see-through bottoms ? 
  so they can see the ships of the old italian navy . 
  i misread ` romans ' as ` romanians ' and was mighty confused for a moment . 
   i take there are no 75 bills and 49 lei coins ? 
  would you expect there to be ? 
  and only attention whores keep going on about how it 'll be getting worse , not realizing that that 's kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
   but by that logic , one could also say botha these seem true . 
  that 's mighty sad . 
  they should go back to their own country , swedes never march through neo-nazi cities !, 
  yeah , but one leader is n't enough to represent the entire war . 
   - gallic wars - lost . 
  in a war whose ending foreshadows the next 2000 years of french history , france is conquered by of all things , an italian . 
  [ or at ths time in history , a roman - ed . ], 
  not only is ` gallic ' not french , it seems ludicrous to argue that the gauls are particularly bad at fighting because they lost to * rome * what with rome being the main power in europe for a very long while , having defeated opponents more unified than all the separate little gallic tribes who could often be taken piecemeal , and when a confederacy ( like vercingetorix ' arverni ) could n't be defeated bit by bit they provided quite a struggle for rome ; indeed at v 's last stand ( alesia ) rome had not only roman troops ( haha italians ca n't fight olol ) but also germanic and celtic ones on their own side , as well as one of the most reknown commanders in european history whereas the arverni ( with their allies ) had been beaten quite a bunch of times already by a unified and driven military machine the likes of which had never been in that part of europe before . 
  saying the french are sissies because rome won its gallic wars is similar to calling the afghani 's sissies for losing against america . 
  a unified high technology and well lead military juggernaut is quite likely to defeat multiple smaller factions at odds with each other with worse equipement , any day of the week . 
   - hundred years war - mostly lost , saved at last by female schizophrenic who inadvertently creates the first rule of french warfare ; `` france 's armies are victorious only when not led by a frenchman . '', 
  sainted . 
  rather typical anglo-penis-waving rather than an attempt to actually encapsulate the conflict , and then boiling down a defeat to a ' a female schizophrenic ' . 
  a rather odd choice given that the english leadership was rather good yet still lost . 
  would make more sense for people perpetuating this drivel to actually acknowledge the competence of their opponents . 
  let 's face it ; mostly lost ? 
  won entirely . 
  what does england still have that it had at the start of the 100-yrs war ? 
  jersey and guernsey . 
  mostly because no-one could rightly be bothered to actually go there and take it back . 
  fine that the english won cr\u00e9cy and agincourt , but winning two battles is not winning a war . 
  and medieval wars , like so many , were won by taking holdings , not exhausting and damaging both armies in set battles . 
  despite the english gascon and bourgondian allies ( as well as normans and bretons ) of course the french crown won this war squarely . 
  and frankly , i do n't know the others well enough , so i wo n't comment save :  - the dutch war - tied wherein the author conveniently forgets that it was n't a french v dutch war , it was a france + munster + cologne + sweden + england war against the netherlands ( which later got habsburg and brandenburg support ) . 
  mind you , this war caused some ` interesting ' upheaval in internal dutch politics ; the raadspensionaris was murdered by a mob because he never expected the french and the english to cooperate against the nl , assuming it would be one or the other , with the non-attacking party eager to support the netherlands to prevent it becoming an outpost for the attacking party . 
  and the rest is drivel . 
  loada shit . 
  oh that was you . 
  you 're still wrong !, 
  i missed your personal poking . 
  as poker-of-fun-at-englishmen i 'm obliged to mention that one battle doth not make a war . 
  and the 100yrs war was lost by the anglo-normans to the french crown . 
  because wwii is the only war france fought ? 
  is it rare perhaps exactly because trashy ` news ' papers pretend it 's interesting enough to hound them for ? 
  besides , wimlexima is clearly the superior royal couple . 
  the english honestly never could make fun of the french for ` surrender and sissyness ' but did so anyway . 
   to be fair , we make fun of pretty much every country that we know anything about . 
  who does n't ? 
  quite a bunch of peeps have trouble with the entirely logical and awesome - cht combination . 
  i 've seen people write ` landsknecht ' as ` landsneckt ' and think it 's right . 
       what do you think ? 
  i think you both have a point ; it seems likely that there will still be quite some ethnic troubles to plague africa before it becomes anything, 
  aaaaah the rise of the machines !, 
  singularity is upon us !, 
  fair enough , i just did n't recall it being so odd . 
  i thought india was entirely part of eastasia . 
  they 'll regret that in a few years when what used to be theirs is the shittiest part of the eurostar . 
  why is eastasia so strangely cut off ? 
  useless and petty . 
  i 'm getting quite concerned about blatant anti-democratic curbing-freedom-of-press bullshit lately . 
  ahh , anti-democratic , much ? 
  add an s to all the city signs . 
  as much as i like coffee , a good cold glass of ( equally cold ) milk is just the thing . 
       ... you drink milk on it 's own ? 
  absolutely . 
  delicious . 
  you do n't ? 
  :o your man-pussy is pretty sweet , yeah , but that lloyds logo is just a black horse rather than a magnificent frisian one . 
  okay those are impressive horns . 
  but frisian cattle are like world champions dairy-producers , allowing you to ruin two perfectly fine beverages by pouring them into each other . 
  ahh , freedom . 
  it does , and i know cows , moonannin . 
  yer mum is cow related !, 
  oh please . 
  the power-that-was does n't get to threaten . 
  triple no , and an extra no . 
  back the fuck down . 
  there 's just no call to ruin perfectly good tea by pouring perfectly good milk in it . 
  that thing is so awesome scrooge mcduck commandeerd it to smash the beagle boys ' digging machine . 
  i never commented on it being good beer , i commented on it being internationally known ; as in what makes a country known for its beer . 
  lol , please . 
  where was the raiding of ghettoes ? 
  the murder and abduction ? 
  man 's got strange ideas on what pogroms are . 
  that means / r/polandball ( hit 40k a few or two ago ) grew quite a bit faster than / r/europe . 
  and perhaps few other nations have as much trouble with organised crime . 
   maybe they are saying it is a beer country , not a wine country ? 
  would n't have said ` the ' , then . 
  but uk ? 
  lolno , honestly . 
  only internationally known beer from those oversized wadden-isles is guinness , and that 's from e\u00edre proper , is n't it ?
