  just my two cents . 
  the reactio nof serbian here is just funny, 
  they really jumped the shark in this franchise . 
  we also still call it parlement and ( slightly more rarely ) - senaat, 
   perhaps my knowledge of a 2nd germanic language helps me see the similarities more vividly though . 
  it does sooo much, 
  actual cheese is also under strict guidelines afaik . 
  and the saying is bunk , unless the s\u00e1mi have a buncha tanks and i 'm betting china has one army for the country rather than one-per-chinese-language . 
  quick , how do i blame islam for this ? 
  i see little reason to even define a separate ` middle europe ' tbh :p and for the record : the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is * western * and absotively not in any sense * northern * europe . 
  basically germany, 
  the position of intern is n't exactly about bikinis is it ? 
  lol you peawit coward, 
  east of germany = eastern europe in my mind, 
  i dunno , i see a balcony i 'd like to dive in, 
  vould you like a roll in ze hay ? 
  roll roll roll in ze hay, 
  admittedly , not a large number in the grand scheme of things . 
  but they 're the best 750 million , so there . 
  should have given slartibartfast a call, 
  of course you realize this means war, 
  what do you think they leave cracow every morning to get to their job in paris ? 
   yet they had it done . 
  and is the ` why ' even a remotely acceptable reason ? 
  he was taken seriously enough to become party leader, 
  sure , and corbyn is still not extreme left ? 
  of course , tories are n't extreme right either ( but dup might be ), 
  lol please, 
  most people speak better english than the english . 
  reddit has - for years - had a fairly big anti-circ group . 
  do n't let your confirmation bias be confirmation bias haha, 
  because pretending that anything is due to ` leftists and their favourite word ' is p. fucking cowardly . 
  absolutely haram, 
  must ... crush ... capitalism, 
  because we gradually started shoving judeo-christian baloney into the corner and every gain related to human rights and more specifially women 's rights is solely because we took less note of it . 
  true it is concerning what a bunghole iran became since the 70s . 
  i misread . 
  i assumed you meant in europe, 
  there kinda still are basically none, 
  i think this is about the glorious revolution somehow, 
  greecesucks, 
  chill and comm sit downie, 
  i kinda assume that being fucked sideways requires standing on one leg . 
  maybe / u/ruderic will remain in that position and skip away, 
  that stupid sod sally still sells seashells there , somehow . 
  nah that 's just some local folklore added to it , afaik . 
  how nice . 
  peace to you too . 
  lol carried by the majority, 
  chicken looks good but you better take that cottage bullshit outta my face  : u, 
  you 're sending isis another soldier :p, 
  wow are you supporting jihad or something, 
  which is why i manganimously decided to sweep away that context, 
  only by silly southrons, 
  thwow him to the fwoow, 
  according to anglo metrcis :d, 
  that 's the joke, 
  wow , are they republicans ? 
  heehee he highfived her boob, 
  if they join brexit they will be apart of the eu . 
  what if they call you english ? 
  that 's a very english thing to say , you pseudo-scot !, 
  ` frogs ', 
  you can serve on my fluit, 
  british being french : confirmed . 
  jesus he knows me, 
  there 's ridiculous amounts of pet cats nowsadaysies tho . 
  they are in fact causing serious damage to bird populations, 
  why you got ta be like that, 
  tell my wife i said . . you should take a strong side to be deemed legitimate, 
  it 's close enough, 
  as opposed to ? 
  surely those are called trududes, 
  she is, 
  what drives a man to be neutral ? 
  why you got ta be like that, 
  that one . 
  is n't it a thing in france to keep refering to the values of the revolution ? 
  poldertaliban, 
   reality has a breitbart bias . 
  it really weally very does n't, 
  yes , the french revolution . 
  and you use lebanon for that ? 
  i rather assumed lebanon had been muslim since before the crusades - as such i ca n't imagine that this ` shift ' changes lebanese interior or foreign policies in any noticable way . 
  i hate you . 
  what , in lebanon ? 
  so the fuck what . 
  i 'd vaguely understand if that said lucerne rather than lebanon , but seriously so the fuck what ? 
  fun fact , mussolini was the reason the anschluss of austria to germany did n't happen four years earlier than it did . 
  okay seriously ? 
  you ca n't correct poor defining of words by straight up lying about the definition of other words . 
  that is not what imperialism is . 
  england has henry viii . 
  i 'm p sure most of western europe could n't give a flying toss . 
  i guess kind of like how the frenchwoman depicted here is n't marianne , so is the bowlerhatman not britannia . 
  i think bowlerhatman is simply something like depicting ` the french ' with a beret and a thin moustache, 
  that 's exactly the issue . 
  a different form of burek is holy per region , apparently . 
  he merely accentuated the differences . 
  is the other 5 % stroop ?
