  but they were deffo scary in europe before the mongols were . 
  dude , you 're the magyars . 
  i 'd still eat the rat , shut up you do n't know me . 
  also i live in eurasia so like death cults or something i do n't even know man . 
  i 'm hungrier than the rat . 
  there are four lights !, 
  i just assumed it was eating r\u00f8dp\u00f8lse, 
  and then make it bigger and better - the kindest suprise, 
  just for you , my irish friend , i 'd advise looking at the butt of the royal charles , which is still there :p, 
  bros < 3, 
  hm , i guess i just assumed it was nyc given wall street, 
  i thought nyc was the financial centre ? 
  ... of course you realize this means war !, 
  no but srsly , friesland/frysl \u00e2n / frisia whatevs is in the north of the netherlands ( and part in fact also in the province north holland ... and bits in germany . 
  remove saxon . ), 
  spanish holland sounds like it would be belgium - they do tend to have the waffles , but stroopwafels are possibly from gouda ( ?? 
  not sure ) originally , near rotterdam . 
  so relatively souther , dutchwise . 
  a hefty and profoundly accurate label . 
  it 's the classic bullshit - ` jews secretely in power ' is like straight up from nazi propaganda . 
  there is no way around it . 
  vote for me and i 'll send you stroopwafels . 
  ... that sounds a lot more terrible than i 'd have expected . 
  kinda cool looking . 
  does eucalyptus not count as ` green ' ? 
  lol , no . 
  is that grown in europe ? 
  like in any significant numbers ? 
  what 's that ? 
   hipsters lol , this term just loses more and more meaning, 
  does n't that rely on the housing project ( and its funding ) a whole lot too ? 
  well no . 
  obviously not . 
  and you know this . 
  wut , stand up against ? 
  your ` inherently ' is wrong . 
  perceived means it is seen to be so . 
  there is no qualifier there to suggest it is n't so . 
  you 're picking the wrong nits , and being thick on purpose and i 'll have none of it . 
  probably not . 
  if anything it 's likely a reaction to a ( perceived ) increase in not-vaccinating . 
  . . so who are the other parents ? 
  franks . . . 
  and franks ? 
  ... ` plonkers ' ? 
  i love it . 
  i mean get your shit together regardless, 
  presumably most lithuanian children were vaccinated regardless . 
  this doesnt fight anything . 
  he 's adding fire to fire, 
  you confused your ob with your sub there . 
  be careful with tampons . 
  man makes godwin too easy . 
  the painting and subsequent posts reminded me of * alatriste * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctyuyxmicgo, 
  absolutely you do , what are the pikes gon na do about it ? 
  that 's right . 
  those are n't swiss are they ? 
  wow , stunning . 
  thanks !, 
  awesome photos . 
  especially that cathedral in 15 was just dazzling . 
  mostly because of the contrast of course . 
  i do . 
  did you know north korea calls itself the democratic people 's republic of korea ? 
  and is in fact , not democratic , not `` people 's '' and not a `` republic '' and possibly barely even korea ? 
  did you know names do not necessarily reflect truth and that your stupid shit a full two months later is not very interesting ? 
  oh yes . 
  maybe somewhat similarly ; the italian ( city - ) states trying to stem the bollocks of the free companies in the ... 15-ish century, 
  for some reason i get a somewhat disgusted feeling when i see references to napoleonic games . 
  possibly because the napoleonic wars mod/dlc for mount and blade : warband had the worst community . 
  cossacks 2 was fun once i understood it though . 
  innit ? 
  funny you should say that . 
  first time i 'd heard of attacking someone with acid was in a sherlock holmes story, 
  judging by the username i 'd say / u/nieuweyork recognizes the flag, 
  silvio where are you now ? 
  everything 's gone wrong somehow, 
  yes, 
  okay . 
  wait , does n't that mean that said isds tribunal can not be recognized as a court ? 
  i just thought it was pretty common not to always use soap . 
  if i only took a piss then just water will suffice . 
  yeah i know i get that . 
  i just could n't resist taking a cheap shot, 
   and just blathers on without saying anything meaningful ahh , a proper politician, 
  yeah , but not really ` imposing of culture ' . 
  there 's just a bit that 's different there . 
  ... wow, 
  eh , what ? 
  and this is why i 'm left . 
   discredited by the events of 20s ( russian civil war ) they were . 
  given how i sometimes hear an ` istorian , it 's not that odd . 
  i chuckled . 
  well , he 's clearly mind controlled by the illuminaughty . 
  stealthiest box ever seen, 
  j'ai written one , poorly . 
  i drew a bear on it . 
  it - might - take a while before i even send it , i 'm afraid as i 'm about to move and have a ballsload of shit to do . 
  the map seems so ... cheerful and innocent . 
  like part of me ca n't believe that would be the map someone who wants to murder would use .
