  which one is ankh , which one is morpork ? 
  stupid alphabet should start with n. 
  i love this series . 
  i did n't on account of my not making an argument , merely mimicing your fallacy-referrals . 
  [ fallacy fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_fallacy ), 
  i have a fox and it is cute, 
  evil-empire - ( pretending-to-be-cool ) - in-space , much . 
   they really are an inherently civilized people ... 
  eh , but they 're just museums . 
  rather than ` the oldest anything ' , right ? 
  also ` garda ' and whatever the cypriots cypricized on their vehicles . 
  i thought the paintjob was the point rather than the models . 
  was n't even aware arnhem had trolleys tbh . 
  do n't think i 've been there . 
  also in case you did n't realize why i said ` dracula ' read dr mcninja . 
  yeah , one province trying to play off multiple empires is not very likely to end up very well for that one province, 
  dude , dracula that shit up ; put the giant laser on the moon and write ` fuck ' on russia . 
  i was gonan be all like `` oh no not me in frysl\u00e2n '' but then i recalled that a ) i 'm in zwolle and b ) both napoleonic france and the hre would claim it . 
  might make them less snooty ( yes i dont know anything about londovians ), 
  to me it will always be market garden . 
  they ca n't all be there at the same time !, 
  or the romans , cede london to italy . 
  that seems an awful way to conduct a conquest . 
  wear and tear on armamanent , massive amount of ammo wasted , populations in to-conquer areas already becoming antsy and far less likely to welcome you , etc. . 
  given that celts also had giant shields , helmets of so many shapes and sizes , chucked javelins , had , at times , a predilection for long swords , and are credited with inventing mail armour i 'm going to guess that while an individual warrior / might / most probably would not . 
  i do n't know what that means . 
   man , our barbarian ancestors were idiots . 
  modernish interpretation of how he was dressed might not actually be how he dressed . 
       whether it was lack of interest in the region or because they did n't consider it worth the cost , partially the same thing , but i 'd add that organizing an empire that vast can become quite tricky when the fastest type of messaging is a dude and multiple horses . 
  what 's one nation need two nation-states for ? 
  first you have to ask them real nice with a cherry on top to all gather round together in an easily quarantained zone with no civilians in it . 
  before nuking them , i mean . 
  there is no evil twin . 
  vile propaganda by inferior one-lings . 
  bit of an eedjit are you ? 
  besides being awesome , what 's the matter with twins ? 
  they do . 
  one of those protections is `` dont step in front of the roaring two-tonne machine '', 
  jeeze obfuscating much just go ` yeah sure ' and then get hammered . 
  you and your manners , sheesh, 
   do n't ask `` how are you ? '' . 
  aww but ` hvordan har du det ' is like the one phrase i know . 
  dont take that away from me, 
  my ktichen is connected to shitty pipes , so i prefer not to drink that , but it 's uuuusually good stuff all over country . 
  arms, 
  eu could also easily be said to ` control ' the netherlands , but i 'd be surprised if that 's somehow not a free country . 
  it seemed kind of necessary in the one with only putin 's arm showing , though . 
  the monster of finnkenstein, 
  sure . 
  i would make some difference in how important the fn is , though ; the republican party is roughly half of american politics . 
  fn is fringe even in france , one of how many parties ? 
  what one of them says surely is less newsworthy than what a top candidate from ( one of ) the biggest parties in the us ? 
  sure , not the entire us is anti-france . 
  but it is notable precisely because of it happening in a presidential preliminary . 
  if billy-bob told his sisterwife that france sucks no one would care , or notice . 
  it 's * presidential preliminary * , that shit gets publicized . 
  i 'm not putting it on a pedestal . 
  i realize it 's mudslinging . 
  but it 's mudslinging at the highest , most publicized level . 
  if anything from the us comes over to france it would likely be exactly that one wannabe-president used ` french ' as an insult to another . 
   people use american as an insult in europe all the time . 
  uh , no . 
  also , not in something as inherently high level as a presidential election . 
  that does n't matter much . 
  he 's talking about very public use of french as an insult , does n't matter if it 's common , it can easily be used to infer what he inferred . 
  imagine if hollande called an opponent american as an insult ; you 'd probably not care much personally but part of you would certainly wonder * why . 
   they 'll throw up anything to see if it sticks . 
  and his issue here clearly is that ` french ' does stick as insult . 
  hence suggesting that ` french ' is not generally percieved as a nice thing . 
   second , western backed ukrainian government killed about 400 civilians already and continues to kill . 
  source that ? 
  indeed , it 's like metro only worse, 
  i 'd mainly wonder how they got there since i know where they 're buried . 
  but i know , i 'd want a quick response , but i think i know enough of the sluggishness of any government that i would n't expect one . 
  well that 's nowhere near a surprise . 
  ... the only bits unfit for agriculture have houses on them , in general . 
  oh gee and onur too ? 
  bob , huey , dewey and louie . 
  thanks . 
   for example , how do we know that everyone died on the crash ? 
  the plane exploded some 10km up in the sky and then the bits came falling down ? 
  man could die falling only ten meters , never mind thousand times that . 
  it 's been two days . 
  you were n't expecting a * quick * response , i hope ? 
  what are those weird towers in the right ? 
  also i recognize only like half of those geezers . 
  missile launchers are not known for their pinpoint accuracy in blowing things up . 
  could ya get fucked ? 
  loose one turn ? 
  multicoloured cross . 
  oh yes that doesnt look like a cross at all . 
  i 'll have peace on those terms . 
  that 's the name , my bad . 
   what is up with religious people always living in the south of a country ? 
  closer to the pope . 
  and restaurants . 
  eh , did n't the croat-slovene-slovak country use basically the ` dutch design . 
  the ` pan-slavic ' colours are very very common in germanic europe as well as slavic . 
  ger-many new countries !, 
  but nah it was me making a joke about your flair .
