  and do n't get me started on the ` talent ' shows . 
  it 's talentless hacks . 
  and the contestants are n't much better . 
  they 're all the god of abraham/ibrahim , and all the god who is the father of jesus . 
  only in allah 's case he 's more ` the father ' in the sense that he 's the father of everyone , they do n't recognize isa as being , like , a super-prophet who is totes kickass and son of the lawd . 
  yes , it should be . 
  i might watch black books if i find it . 
  bill bailey ? 
  now we 're talking . 
  `` slightly crazy but somehow normal '' sounds perfect for him . 
  the split between protestantism and catholicism was based on how much extra baggage the catholics had come to carry by luther 's time ; this included all sorts of pagan shizzle , and including the worship of saints and mary . 
  i was under the impression that it very much is the same god , but protestants tried to do away with other religious influence than the bible . 
  `` of their respective deities '' . 
  it 's the same deity . 
  only one in five has a different name for the same bugger . 
  that said , disgusting , but not surprising that the leaders of superstition are still pretending that deciding things like this is solely their choice . 
  dunno the first two , mitchell gets on my nerves , qi is fucking great and so is sherlock ( if that is the benedict cumberbatch with his trusty assistant bilbo version ), 
  i do n't . 
  i 've recently been traumatized here on reddit in a who-related incident and want nothing to do with it . 
  hell no , you may be american but that does n't mean you deserve such punishment as dutch television . 
  edit ; i actually rather like wie is de mol . 
  group of sort-of celebrities turn a far away country , do adrenalline-y tasks and have to find out who the ` mole ' , the saboteur among them is . 
  current version includes paulien cornelisse who wrote two funny books on the dutch language which i both own . 
  not quite . 
  :p some of our kings were also grand dukes of luxembourg . 
  what 's not to get ? 
  money trumps donald . 
  that 's comparable to us here in the netherlands . 
  slightly higher it seems . 
  [ these are the stats for our minimumwages ] ( http://www.rijksoverheid.nl/onderwerpen/minimumloon/vraag-en-antwoord/hoe-hoog-is-het-minimumloon.html ) . 
  41,71 euros it lists for a day for a 20-yr old , i think it assumes an eight hour workday ( not sure ) , so it 's about 5,20 euros per hour , which would be 4,22 pounds if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i can see that happeneing to some ( solution might be to introduce it step-by-step and/or accounting for differences in terms of cost of basic necessecities ) , but not to many surely ? 
  i mean , if many businesses go broke because they have to suddenly pay a lot more to their staff , then they might have been underpaying them by quite a bunch already . 
  though , is n't there a minimum wage already in the uk ? 
  i 'm not an economist , but it does n't sound all that terrible that some wages might or might not get adjusted . 
  sure , it might be a bummer for those who have to pay more/get less , but it does n't sound like a catastrophe . 
  how ? 
  do you mean in a sense that some employers might have to start paying more ? 
  i do n't know what they do . 
  would that be bad , though ? 
  the point seems to be that the uk should adhere to the regulations to prevent an unfair competing advantage . 
  does such an advantage arise when allowing a public service an exemption ? 
  despite the best attempts of politicians and moralists . 
  i bet those pillars light up blue-ish when you pass through them . 
  checkpoint . 
  they jumped * out * . 
  yeah , but most parts of historic friesland are now noord-holland and groningen , oldenburg and schleswig-holstein . 
  no-one cares enough . 
  exactly . 
  that bit about the nl was mostly a joke . 
  yep . 
  then it would n't be on a seperatist map . 
  eh , fuck him and fuck the current tendency of the uk to want the eu to adjust to them . 
  and fuck the fact that a third of / r/europe submissions are about the uk 's endless ebbing about . 
  liking a politician ? 
  do i look like a barbarian ? 
  this one does n't seem very convoluted , and the separatist map was only moderately foreign in that i 'd never seen it before , but i did know many of those seperation intentions . 
  looks pretty , especially in france and the uk . 
  edit ; wait , the luxembourg blue is too dark . 
  or does that group there want to join the netherlands ? 
  now i want to visit . 
  or did they ? 
  possibly because the scare mongering of * aaaghghh recession nooo * was forgotten for a few days . 
  just you wait , we 'll get some ` news ' on it again the next few weeks and then it 's back to `` aah we 're in crisis :( '', 
  except yes they do . 
  :o especially on the phone it 's used to differentiate from ` negen ' which often sound similar . 
  and in the bildts dialect * seuven * is even the actual pronunciation . 
  this is also how it works in the netherlands , it 's all too easy ( i do it myself ) to forget that it 's not 75 % across the board . 
  probably gets downvoted because it seems implausible . 
  brussels , district of columbia ? 
  they 're also water . 
  water is nice . 
  they 're your only neighbour which is n't spain . 
  ah , but a portuguese dick , surely . 
  a green-red penis ? 
  is blackwater particularly worse than others ? 
  i want my village flag . 
  then again , why is someone making a statue of hitler ? 
  looks silly right now . 
  welp , at least it 's cheap i suppose . 
  sounds fairly normal for a religion , to be honest . 
   christians in europe do n't expect they 're politics to be influenced heavily by religion , while muslims do . 
  so the problem is n't islam , it 's cultural baggage and expectations of muslims . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  ideology sounds scarier , i suppose . 
  right , okay . 
  i see what the intention is now . 
  but that rather suggests islam is n't an ideology , but that there 's an ideology attaching itself to islam . 
  the ` normal ' muslim is just that , the other is the ideologue . 
  i 'd feel fairly safe in suggesting that there are far , far , more normal muslims , even in london , than there are ideologues . 
  you know what , i ca n't say i 'm worried about the amount of muslims in the uk : http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/census/2011-census/key-statistics-for-local-authorities-in-england-and-wales/rpt-religion.html  in the 2011 census , christianity was the largest religion , with 33.2 million people ( 59.3 per cent of the population ) . 
  the second largest religious group were muslims with 2.7 million people ( 4.8 per cent of the population ) . 
   14.1 million people , around a quarter of the population in england and wales , reported they have no religion in 2011 . 
  too bloody many people believing in skyfairies , though , that 's for sure . 
  i do n't really understand what distinction people use when calling islam an ideology rather than a religion . 
  bombers should be loaded with glass bottles and bricks instead . 
  hehehe . 
   what is there in this day and age that we need to spend more of our money arming ourselves against ? 
  what enemies are we facing that our current military can not stand against ? 
  why , evilevilislam of course .
