  now there 's two of them !, 
  haha , i was just listening to the last song you linked me again . 
  that one is bookmarked as well , i just forgot to respond there . 
  : b i 'm still very likely to grab some rock or metal when i want music , though . 
  do n't worry , rick 's never going to give you up . 
  or let you down . 
  he 's refering to what it would probably be called in some media . 
  rationally , certainly , both are murder . 
  does n't mean everyone will call it that . 
  . . that one is bookmarked . 
  makes me all movey , i can use movement . 
  how about [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flgyyr2hksy&amp;feature=endscreen ) ? 
  do n't take the lyrics too seriously . 
  i was starting to enjoy it before he ( or she ? ), 
  started singing . 
  :p what do you think about [ this ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qha2ksrqof4 ) :d, 
   `` a chancellor of germany earns too little , measured by the performance they provide , ** in relation ** to other jobs with far less responsibility , '' he said . 
  ( emphasis mine . ), 
  this seems to be the key , really . 
  giving it a slightly different swing could make hiim look as if he 's arguing for capping the pay levels on those in the financial world . 
  a bit like the nl tried with the `` balkenendenorm '' when balkenende was still our minister-president . 
  but that probably was n't what he was arguing for . 
  kinda weird , sort of boring . 
  decent thumpy-thumpy to it , but annoying voice , shitty lyrics , tits are kinda nice . 
  had to log in again to see it , but my trust in youtube is dwindling , tbh . 
  this is where you should have pointed out that it 's ` sentences ' , man . 
  other than that , totally with you . 
  anglophones rarely know their language . 
  i 'm missing the connection here . 
  anthropomorphizing one animal means you ca n't eat another ? 
  or did you mean that something is seriously wrong anyway if you anthropomorphise an animal ? 
  i dunno , i think it actually looks kinda cool , the t\u00e9l and m\u00e9l sort-of rhyme . 
  i have no idea , when i just read this thread for the first time i thought i missed something in the news or something . 
  hahah , yes !, 
  because it is the usual oversimplification of ` hey , english is just french . ', 
  which is an assinine suggestion , tbh . 
   edit : but it would be awesome to change the official name of the netherlands to holland . 
  thanks , but they 're still not hearts . 
  i 've never gotten a christmas present . 
  i ` nm one outta ten for / r/trueatheism ? 
  i like that . 
  possibly he thinks norway and switzerland have fairly unique and ` good ' terms already for their situation . 
  you never know with those frenchmen . 
  he probably never said it in english , though . 
  is n't he paraphrasing a quote by voltaire as well ? 
  i think it was voltaire . 
  not sure what to think . 
  i dislike a lot of what they 're saying ; when , for example , was the hre so free as they claim ? 
  who was free , exactly ? 
  the emperor , nominal big boss ( who in reality had to negotiate for almost anything , especially later on ) , the electors ? 
  the landed nobility ? 
  the regular folk ? 
  not to mention the title of this thread , to be honest ; it was n't european disunion done right . 
  it was european and disunion , fair enough , but i 'm not sure about ` done right ' . 
  the hre , after all , was very instable rather often , and the fact that later emperors had to fight far more than , say , the kings of france , in order to enact anything all through their realm made it far less powerful than a realm of that size might have been . 
  the internal instability in and of it self may also well have been the cause ( and opportunity ) for that one backwood and barely christened region to become ( or well , lend its name ) to what would become the leading and dominant military power of europe , especially after french military hegemony ended with the defeat of napoleon iii . 
  ( and no , france did n't surrender all the time , ha ha ha . ), 
  furthermore , i disagree with their assessment that the geographic similarity ended with charlemagne 's death ; on the contrary . 
  what would become the western frankic part is now more or less france plus bits of belgium , the middle part is pretty much what would become burgundy , the netherlands , luxembourg , the rest of belgium , switzerland and parts of the rhineland . 
  east francia became more or less what is now germany , only with less eastern expansion . 
  so if you 're going to use the hre as an example for the eu , always specify which timeframe of hre you 're thinking of , else the hre might well be an example on how not to do the eu . 
  but then , this is the economist , and not the historian . 
  which , to be honest , is metal as fuck . 
  just look at the american republicans . 
  always with the hammering on ` family values ' . 
  it just means `` he 's sort of my religion and my religion is more important than people . '', 
   for the first time ever the christian party was put in the opposition and the liberals and socialists were like ` omg omg omg let 's do everything at once ' and they did . 
  and now nobody gives a fuck anymore . 
  when my brother quoted this part to me i thought he ( and you ) meant the netherlands . 
  i understood it only after this explanation . 
  and i approve . 
  butts fart . 
  eh , to be honest i 'm studying ` om \u00fatens ' now , not in frysl\u00e2n . 
  as such , i do n't speak very much with frisians either ( nor do i speak frisian very well ) . 
  but i ca n't say i 've noticed ( more ) talk about autonomy the last few years , i do n't have the impression it 's a really hot topic . 
  i think there 's at least two others who use the frisian flag flair ( try saying that five times in a row ) , though , maybe they get a different impression . 
  i think / u/nuyan uses the frisian flag flair , and someone else as well . 
  i notice that nuyan has n't been active much recently though . 
  edit , ooh , i just saw / u/seeker86, 
  ulemad is just a troll . 
  not a very good one either , and certainly not funny . 
  at the very least , yeah . 
  also , so was putin . 
  it 's not really possible to claim putin has the moral high ground because barosso used to be communist . 
  was n't putin all up in ` security ' and shit there ? 
  indeedems . 
  that 's the best win . 
  just ask sun tzu . 
  quite possibly simply the screaming that the new gub ` mint failed already . 
  i do n't really know , to be honest , i hardly check anything lately . 
  or this ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49rhrf4bkf8, 
  :d nice name by the way . 
  i dunno , i think obliterator lasers and photon torpedoes represent a marked change from sticks 'n' stones . 
  not sure whether it 's really alas ; both really young and really old drivers are more likely to get in accidents than the average , are n't they ? 
  them using the exact same institution in almost the exact same way as ` normal ' people do is a mockery ? 
  in short , bud-off bavaria and leave it to fuse with austria . 
  i know some germans who 'd like that . 
  high rpm . 
  says a man who has decided time and time again to keep child-rapists in his organisation .
