  it is that easy . 
  oh man that was quite a chuckle . 
  thanks . 
  ... now i want to move there . 
  luckily , i 've already started learning swedish . 
  add a bunch of glottal stops and i 'll dane it perfectly . 
  as opposed to the comment it replied to ? 
  ... do n't eat poo , dude . 
  not much of a guess if there 's only one possibility . 
  you 'd be speaking english without the french !, 
  ... and the english would be speaking english without the french !, 
   yep , a new type of traitor is emerging in recent years . 
  i think they call them progressives / liberals in the west . 
  ... you complete weenie, 
  i 'm not seeing the wrongness there, 
  i hate that kind of surprised look . 
  dammit , you knew they were there . 
  a solution that is in all ways unrealistic might not actually be a solution . 
  quickly , get redemption and theocracy . 
  apart from that one word , that post seemed positively bubbly to me, 
  sounds more or less the same concept as beans on toast though . 
  clearly what he should do is put cookies on a sandwhich . 
  damn now i want speculaas . 
  oh jaysus ketchup that looks good . 
  it 's arse of the morning - tuesday . 
  i had toast . 
  and coffee . 
  recipe ? 
  water and ground beans . 
  as well as bread . 
  with heat . 
   am i supposed to feel sorry for them ? 
  tentatively ; yes ? 
  their expectations were too high . 
  that 's always a disappointment . 
  and literally everything, 
  we do have a king, 
  youre an obstacle, 
  you 're thinking of ` stud ' 8 ), 
  interesting , but does n't particularly matter for my post . 
  highly contentious . 
  ... reindeer are kind of an underwhelming replacement of mammoths , to be frank . 
  yeah but closely related professions , probably . 
  well , definitely , but probably that 's why they 're grouped together . 
  somewhat related ; for my languages-related studying i have to read something by a chap ( pette ) named mar-moliner who talks about the relation between common language and nationalism/nation-forming , using spain as an example . 
  not necessarily the same thing :p, 
  i 'm not entirely sure why the downvotes ; i thought it reasonable . 
  but then i 'm probably the only one who knows ( :p ) about frisian / heit / ( father , but rather out of line as western-germanic term for ` father ' ) possibly being derived from a verb similar to ` heten ' in a sense of ` telling people what to do ' . 
  as such , hei\u00dfe could indeed have to do with ` speaker ' and i do n't think your reasoning that odd . 
  mostly around dyfhlinn fair city , right ? 
  :p also holy shit , dublin is blackpool . 
  but then who are the wildlings, 
  now i just wonder whether ` chalming ' is a job . 
  depending on national/regional variations i can pretty much say what thehir names are . 
  ay , your dogs are our cattle ? 
  tiny fuckn ' coobeasties over there , then . 
  you just be glad it was n't by a serbian !, 
  you raaaang ? 
  fair enough , i was just wondering . 
  'cause angles , saxons and the like ( including franks ) would also have done quite a bunch of raiding before - and while - the angles & saxons etc went to britannia for keepsies, 
  yeah , i know . 
  but i had that a while ago , so i guess i just recalibrated my image, 
  who , who , who let slip all these dogs of war, 
  yeah but i wonder how it works in the context of guilds, 
  ah , did n't know that . 
  i guess that 's related to ` burcht ' and . . ` opbergen ' . 
  that might be story but seems more likely to me to refer to carpentry . 
  like timmermans . 
   the raiding from ireland became for frquent as rome declined though . 
  so did the raiding of ireland , i 'd assume . 
  as raiding in general became more frequent ( for western europe at least ) as rome declined . 
  i know right . 
  just big men , wearing heavy hide aprons and swinging hammers . 
  in this process ; they make bitching cars . 
   and this will be ignored , because kurds have apparently been chosen as the embodiment of every white liberal fantasy why always this shit ? 
  permanently pre-reaction defensive bollocks about an entire straw-built segment of the population . 
  true , i somehow never think of vehicles, 
  just seems a shitty trek , all through sweden . 
  in ck2 that march takes an arse of a time, 
  not enough empty windowholes, 
  ... wow . 
  at least , i assumed it 's the fuck-off-well-up-north-ern land border . 
  why do they go to * finland *, 
  are there any migrants there ? 
  ... essentially the same thing anyway, 
  he 's looking mostly at lithuania , albania and romania i guess, 
  he 's not a postman . 
  he 's the one who * made the message . 
  there might be one * to be made * , wilders just never makes 'em . 
   the left control most of the media really ? 
  behead the brainless !, 
  and and the inquisition !, 
  and massive wars when protestantism split off from catholicism !, 
  and murder of abortion-doctors !, 
  and trying to pray sicknesses away rather than bringing kids to a doctor !, 
  and and and and and and and, 
  annual income tax rate in between 0 $ and 8680 $ 25 % in between $ 8680 and $ 12360 30 % in between $ 12360 $ and $ 20600 40 % in between $ 20600 and $ 37750 45 % in excess of $ 37750 50 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxation_in_belgium, 
  it does . 
  the post was complete bollocks which could get almost guaranteed support by other liars . 
  it was just * snide .
