  small village in the north of friesland in the netherlands . 
  i was just thinking , maybe i can buy a new camera . 
  i was more or less intending to go shopping tomorrow anyway . 
  oh , what a cool idea . 
  i wish i had a seperate camera , i only have my laptop webcam . 
  this makes it hard to add in a landmark or even just a nice picture of the garden here at home ( which i like a lot . ), 
  works better in dutch , tbh . 
  `` neuro '' as in ` neurotisch ' and ` zeuro ' ( south = zuid ) . 
  ` zeuren ' is dutch for whining . 
  yes , the entire article is ridiculous , to be quite honest . 
  most other countries are not calling germany villains and dominators . 
  perhaps in each country there are those who do ; they are commonly ridiculed for being ridiculous . 
  a bit late , but the previous government failing does not necessarily mean support for austerity is dwindling , does it ? 
  i mean , previous government was extremely torn about budget cut-backs - especially the so-called freedom party who effectively ended the negotiations - and most were against in the first place . 
  the support for and against cut-back measures is still more or less the same , imo , though some do certainly suggest more spending is necessary rather than more cutbacks . 
  lol . 
  that 's one - silly - way of putting it . 
  interesting read , i think . 
  agreed . 
  :p just pointing out his excuse . 
  as can be evidenced by russia . 
  point at the modern american soldier ; his surname is king and the info says ` he might stand as tribute to mlk . ', 
  gosh , who 'd have thought nazis might be filled with hatred . 
  that list is far too long to be amusing to read . 
  ` sides , y' all jerries do n't ride as many bikes as the dutch . 
  yeah , that shit is hilarious . 
   geert wilders in holland - in the rest of the netherlands as well , unfortunately . 
  - edit ;  ` immigration from neighboring countries does not provoke the most worrisome immigration questions , such as `` how well will they fit in ? '' `` is assimilation what they want ? '' and , most of all , `` where are their true loyalties ? '' . ' - depends on the relationship with the neighbouring country , logically . 
  if you had moved pre-wwii from germany to the netherlands and still lived there during the war you 'd get people concerned about ` true loyalties ' just as much , if not more , than with truly foreign immigration . 
  edit2 ; and this was addressed directly after what i quoted . 
  he starts his article with three exclamation-sentences ? 
  how could that result in a balanced article ? 
  i was in a seriously bad mood . 
  :p oh well , no skin off my nose . 
  that is related to my badly-articulated point of europe not being a place ; it 's a continent . 
  as canada is fairly tolerant of homosexuality , so are some place in europe . 
  others are far more like the american bible belt . 
   we are 100 % of the continent that 's what i was half-jokingly inferring . 
  :p also , tbh , that only remaining legal discrimination is a fairly big one , imo . 
  hehe , as i said to zogworth just now  hah , holy shit . 
  i did n't mean it as not being a union , i meant more that it 's too big to consider one place if you want to pinpoint where gay people have the best lives . 
  that one nazi village in germany would be a bad idea , for one . 
  or somewhere in rural serbia might be a spot less good to live in than say berlin . 
  - yesterday i was in far too foul a mood to articulate all that beyond  europe is not a fucking place . 
  hah , holy shit . 
  i did n't mean it as not being a union , i meant more that it 's too big to consider one place if you want to pinpoint where gay people have the best lives . 
  that one nazi village in germany would be a bad idea , for one . 
  or somewhere in rural serbia might be a spot less good to live in than say berlin . 
  heh i 'm glad i saw this comment . 
  i know but the island is not the continent . 
  i thought australia was simply the larger part of the oceanic plate of which ridges ( as nz ) also pop up out of the ocean . 
  well seeing as you 're going to be mildred , that 's up to you . 
  nz is n't on australia . 
  it 's in oceania which includes both australia and nz though , but nz is n't on the actual australian island . 
  there 's two countries on the australian island ? 
  europe is not a fucking place . 
  i like you . 
  let 's marry and make poop jokes together forever . 
  toilet paper is more informative than the telegraph . 
  so they 're not just stupid but also incompetent . 
  fully agreed . 
  however , perhaps it is good to post things like this even if merely to show that not all dutch think he 's right . 
  i studied in maastricht for a year . 
  had a room in veldwezelt . 
  and he 's married to albert verlinde , so we already knew he 's nuts . 
  ... how the hell can i answer that and seem vaguely witty ? 
  yep , yep , it sucks . 
  education on the matter would be useful . 
  you forgot that they cause traffic jams and take up all the parking spots . 
  nonono , that should grant you fuuuurious anger . 
  always the netherlands when talking about the country . 
  but it 's so naive to think they can stop it entirely in the whole country ; all it does is force it into illegality . 
  maybe the wietpas helps maastricht 's parking spaces a bit , but for the rest of the country it harms legal business ( the coffee - and headshops ) and invigorates the shady back-alley illegal dealers . 
  i just do n't understand how they think it can help . 
  on one side , it 's a somewhat childish way to grab attention by madonna . 
  on the other side : a somewhat childish way to grab attention by le pen . 
  heh , interesting . 
  never really realized that , p.p. 
  a queen is so cheap despite them being rich . 
  however , i have to point out that it 's possibly not a very good idea to refer to her as ` the queen . ', 
  europe has a good bunch of queens , after all . 
  that is strange . 
  things like that , and op 's story are really ridiculous . 
  even more so because of their selectiveness ; just a few weeks ago i was in the supermarket behind two girls talking in german ( therefore i assumed them to be german girls ) and i know they bought a bottle of wine no problemo . 
  pretty heavy allegations , that . 
  and this , right here , is why the term ` anglophone arrogance ' sometimes bounces through my skull . 
  aww man , he 's one of those nazi nutters ? 
  awww man . 
  he looked so cool yet is such a twatlord . 
  badass name ? 
  what if it happens to be raining in the morning ? 
  golden shower ? 
  aww i was hoping for another swanky map . 
  i think that 's far less of a consideration than the ease with which to get birth control . 
  it is the guy 's fault , certainly . 
  it 's also the girl 's fault . 
  as far as i , a dutch student with cursory interest in politics can tell ; it 's politically a non-issue . 
  especially compared to banks , the euro , foreigners , islam , and dutch involvement in foreign conflict . 
  very nice map . 
  i 'm not sure what to think of my region ( being blue in the left map ) and one of the dark green provinces of the netherlands .
