  i 'd only read about it this morning in palmer , colton , kramer 's * a history of the modern world * . 
  haha !, 
  not as if portugal did n't fight , though . 
  and in this thread we see two things recently railed against ; 1 . the downvoting without arguing and 2 . attempting to attack an entire side rather than persons or their parties . 
  i think i meant the segadors ' war , though i did n't know it under that name . 
  dangnabbit !, 
  you 're the only one so far to have more points than i !, 
  catalonian attempts to break off from spain even resulted in a war with france on the catalonian side in the early 1600 's did n't it ? 
  i did notice some emphasizing on slavic languages , though i 'm not sure if that 's actually so . 
  it did seem to make it more difficult . 
  nice quiz , 405 points . 
  very nice even as i 'm studying history and am quite interested in language . 
  yep !, 
  very interesting stuff , imo . 
  interesting !, 
  :d `` ik '' is `` i/me '' in dutch , though . 
  yeah , i see tetrahedron mentions that . 
  interesting . 
   ikke this is a genuine term in danish then is it ? 
  interesting . 
  it 's pretty much the childish version of ` ik ' in dutch . 
  i made mistake ? 
  same . 
  i do n't think i know an official definition , even . 
  i was asking in this post for everyone to stop attacking vague concepts but rather the ideas and arguments of people and parties themselves . 
  this post was n't telling anyone how to think , it was suggesting how to argue . 
  haha !, 
  i think he was actually making a nazi joke . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how the fourteen fits into it , but ' 88 ' is ` hh ' is ` heil hitler . ', 
  i think the 14 is for something similar as well . 
  it 's why i often look askance at people with 88 in their name even though that 's probably just their year of birth . 
  edit ; '' * neo-nazis use the number 88 as a code to represent the slogan heil hitler . 
  [ 3 ] the letter h is eighth in the alphabet , so 88 is meant to stand for hh . 
  the number is sometimes used in combination with the number 14 ( e.g. 
  in this context , the number 14 stands for the `` fourteen words '' , which is a white nationalist slogan created by convicted terrorist david lane . 
  * '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/88_ ( number ) #as _ a_neo-nazi_symbol, 
  steve , dave , i think i love you guys . 
  seems to me that actually defining it is better than banning . 
  in the sense of the payer is the corruptor , i can see where he 's coming from . 
  but if anything the corruptor ought to be seen as worse , so i can definitely support your wtf . 
  that must mean it 's a good comment . 
  that kind of thoughtlessness is almost malice . 
  no , i do n't know anything about switzerland you do n't already know and have put a spin on . 
  afraid so . 
  baloney . 
  some forms of trouble , perhaps . 
  but the biggest gangsters in the netherlands ? 
  natively dutch . 
  the kidnappers and murderers ? 
  usually natively dutch . 
  the bank-fraudsters eloping with millions ? 
  natively dutch . 
  true , vandalism and petty theft are often comitted by immigrants/immigrant-sons , especially in the randstad area , but do n't think for one second that outside areas with lots of immigrants no crime happens . 
  some conversion would be necessary for ease of bier-access . 
  hm , fair point . 
  fuck that , it just is n't so that the average rioter ( ambulances are usually attacked during riots , though not always ) is an immigrant . 
  if you want people to engage in debate then that 's not ignoring , is it ? 
  :p but yeah , agreed . 
  less downvoting , more arguing . 
  also , nice throwaway account-name . 
  well that could not possibly have been more besides the point . 
  i did notice a bit of a shift , yeah . 
  another thing is that very many people attack the base idea rather than the interpretation of implimentation of it , which makes for very odd situations where people decry ` socialism ' , ` multiculturalism ' and ` egalitarianism ' because some bureaucrats made the wrong call about school-lunches in sweden . 
  those are n't the problem ; i can not believe anyone is honestly arguing that the thought of `` equality could be nice '' is the problem . 
  it 's rather clear that the implimentation there was done wrongly . 
  i also ranted a bit this morning against the seemingly increasing tendency of boiling down complex issues to `` haha , oh those lefties '' . 
  i 'd like to call on anyone to not do that . 
  there 's idiots on the left , there 's idiots on the right , there 's idiots above us , there 's idiots below us . 
  there 's liberal idiots , there 's conservative idiots , there 's socialist idiots , there 's muslim idiots , there 's christian idiots , there 's atheist idiots , but people in this subreddit all too often go `` that 's because he 's liberal/socialist/muslim / conservative '' rather than `` that 's because he 's an idiot . '', 
  it seems too non-specific to engage the entire ` side ' or ideology you percieve someone to be on rather than the person or their party themselves or itself . 
  - apologies for hijacking your thread , but as my twin brother put it when i linked him something on / r/europe which i thought was interesting ; `` why am i here , half of the posters are fucking nazis '' . 
  slight paraphrasing of course , but it is indeed definitely showing . 
  edit ; fixed `` all to often '' to `` all too often . '', 
  yeah , it 's never the blond kids with the ` hardcore ' jackets and shit , it 's aaaalllllwaaaays them immigrants , eh ? 
  somehow i was n't surprised in the slightest when i read he was part of berlusconi 's party . 
  it 's also the subject of a fairly recent movie is n't it ? 
  where the ambulance driver ( maassen ? ), 
  lashes out against some punks stopping the ambulance and accidentally kills one . 
  neo-liberals left ? 
  bullshit , ` left wingers ' condemn that sort of shit all the fucking time . 
  do you really think it were , for example , only the right-wingers who supported germany 's recent clamp on circumcision ? 
  as per - fucking - usual the left vs right thingie is ridiculously inaccurate . 
  there are right-wing conservatives who think cricumcision ought to stay , as tradition , there are right-wing liberals who think circumcision ought to stay , because it 's the parents ' choice , but there are also left-wingers who oppose it because it 's possibly bad for childrens health and there are left-wingers who oppose it because the child does n't get the choice in the matter themselves . 
  so clearly the right-left divide is pretty fucking blurry at best . 
  as a dutchman i 'd hereby like to propose to evict everyone who is religious from my country . 
  oh right . 
  yeah , i did and do do that , but only so they show in ` my subreddits ' . 
  i hardly go to the front page . 
  what does subscribing actually do ? 
  i always thought it looked rather badass . 
  it should n't be necessary , of course . 
   with our ever rotating cabinets hence why i 'm pleased with the vvd-pvda base now , hopefully they can make a stable construction , even if i do n't agree with all of it . 
  but pretty much everything is so torn . 
  bah , come on . 
  if something has as many downvotes as upvotes then clearly there is no singular hivemind with one opinon . 
  and the amount of upvotes you got shows there is n't a hivemind . 
  :p as i write this the same shit guy is 32 | 32 , you have 14 | 3 . 
  noble just means that it looks badass when talking about animals . 
  horses can be noble ( frisian horses of course more than other , more plebeian , horses ) , and wolves and lions and bears and shit . 
  big , can kill you and preferably hairy are the main hallmarks of noble animals , imo .
