  does it mean that many choose to have their unwanted pregnancy continued anyway or does it mean there 's very few unwanted pregnancies . 
  those exist in europe ? 
  lack of sex education = lack of understand how to prevent unwanted pregnancy = higher abortion rates . 
  `` pull out when almost ready '' is not a good way of prevention . 
  still daffy imo , and i 'm relatively socialist . 
  nono , this is n't the gay marriage thread . 
  sarko is no longer the frenchman in charge and our cabinet is demissionary at the moment , is probably what brichals meant . 
  : s not sure though . 
  really ? 
  marx always seemed an unhinged coot to me with his ` no compromise , they 're just trying to fool the proletariat ' talk . 
  lately , more than before , i 've been thinking more and more about democracy , now i 'd like to read your thoughts about it !, 
  do you think there 's a democratic system ( as in terms of voting ) preferable over others ? 
  do you think europe can be more democratic ? 
  should it ? 
  do you consider the eu a democracy ? 
  if not , how would you make it one ? 
  please , i 'm interested in your thoughts . 
  a year ago juncker would still be target of all sorts of shite, 
  ouat le fuque, 
  there 's an actual leftist here to argue with yet you still choose to argue against a spooky self-made straw-leftist ? 
  why is this ? 
  i thought it was a nod to the concept of ` imagined communities ', 
  they actually did it the absolute madmen, 
  oh no that 's the same side . 
  at least on the ` being a dick ' spectrum . 
  on reddit ? 
  fairly likely tbh, 
  no doubt, 
  kneecap him with a cricket bat, 
  hopefully they do n't actually make notches that sounds like they 'd be overripe for psychological testing haha, 
  seriously if you literally do n't know anything maybe arguing is not the wisest move, 
  okay , where is this lombard , quickly !, 
  ... is not all milk dairy milk ? 
  a brapple ? 
  shun the nonbeliever shuuun, 
  we love you baby . 
  but not like we love our shqiptar, 
  ... yo can i have that, 
  that 's hilariously bold haha, 
  this the same war where french soldiers who fought on italian side against austrians later had to defend the vatican from italian soldiers in basically the same war ? 
  cause that shit was fucky . 
  garibaldi probably best known . 
  cavour i also got when i studied to be a history teacher ( but that 's all in the past now ) . 
  mazzini is a new name to me . 
  oh right i remember thinking of it as a dutch cognate to the falkland situation . 
  but , happily , nothing happened and i forgot . 
  if only it were ... maybe i 'd get to shine picard 's head for him . 
  probably the by law one . 
  why , has he called for aul ' liz ' her head ? 
  the tallinn picture i could imagine in the witcher . 
  this looks like a call of duty map . 
  it kin net, 
  not to mention delightfully saucy, 
  i mean , what you 're saying is literally * banal nationalism . 
  * so yeah , academically , yeah . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  the shit you 're saying that they 're saying barely resembles what they said . 
  be honest , you know well that  one can be jingoistic about invading other countries while being a little englander in one 's attitude to immigrants . 
  does not anywhere imply  that being opposed to a high level of immigration or wanting to filter immigration to only skilled people is the same as invading another country ? 
  surprisingly interesting, 
  like the actual persons, 
  ahhh so those are also the people that actually type in google.com, 
  bob was before that , i 'm sure . 
  there was lso somethigng with a bunny, 
  ca n't you see they 're inflamed !, 
  you ca n't just reason with them, 
  interesting , thanks . 
  but i think it 's still a bit besides the point ; is it more likely that left-wing groups encourage migration for barely tangible political benefits like votes ( i mean , in fairness , becoming british pm = becoming target for a lot of crap , for example ) or right-wing groups encouraging migration for cheaper labour, 
  i never really considered immigrant votes - , as a group , do they ? 
  different prints i assume . 
  unless that 's also in the treaty ` this will be printed only on printer c on floor 8 in strasbourg ', 
  wow that is very cynical and also probably more ideologically driven than leftist political parties actually seem to be - it 's like / r/socialism instead of for example the dutch socialist party . 
  like i do n't believe left-wing politics actually goes ` lets pressure our main electorate in order to engender revolution phnyaphnyaphnyaarr ' rather than ` this shit 's wack yo here 's all sorts of political measures ', 
  the cynic in me agrees with the cynic in you ... but it ai n't the left with an agenda to drive down wages , is it ? 
  no one in canada is going to read the eu version , i assume they 'll print their own ? 
   `` brazilians live there '' ( on key problems facing brazil ) :d but srsly this can not be real, 
  me arse to canada they can print it themselves . 
  german is a fairly large european language in at least four countries , two of which almost monolingually german - why on earth not print it in german ? 
  ... like fascism did, 
  i just thought it was a funny thing to say, 
   our blonde ratio is higher, 
  because remove roman smell frisii aliv in northern europe, 
  are you serious, 
  the people ? 
  top row , maybe top two rows . 
  parties ? 
  about half, 
  you guys keep the flavoured styrofoam , i 'll have the bitterballen, 
  ** da king in da norf **, 
  even wilders writes more realistic plans, 
  no it would n't, 
  limburg ? 
  what planet are you on if you think nobody would write about bottle-murdrin ' ? 
  eh , for base building 40k is n't my choice . 
  with the exception of orks - who could totally build bases right in the middle of the fight if someo of them forgot there was a fight on . 
  e they good in english ? 
  polan pleese, 
  yeah . 
  but the right kind of shite . 
  fertile .
