  i then moved to 15m2 with a balcony in groningen and went ` wow ! ' . 
  now i 'm at 24m2 8 ), 
  holy fuck london and i 'm sitting here . 
  24m2 for like 360, 
  when 's the last time army-taking-over went right, 
  it 's fucking retarded is what it is . 
   b ) the state should not have a monopoly on use of force . 
  that 's like ... defining the state . 
  yes it fucking should, 
  so the poles are going to learn irish ? 
  wut , no one born in december 1899 ? 
  it looks okay on my end, 
  precisely, 
  heraldically p much the same thing, 
  he 's saying it does n't matter what was ` in mind ' when it was written . 
  it is now written . 
   i will rise from the ashes \\ m /, 
  ahh . 
  i did know of froonacker and first time i saw that i thought the bus-company was dickign around haha . 
  i 'll upvote you . 
  but i 'll begrudge you for it . 
  did you just call me a normie rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  i 'd never heard that etymology . 
  usually ` frisian ' is linked to the deity ` freyr ' ( possibly the same ` lord ' as in franeker ? 
  ) - who was both a lord and a fertility god . 
  via another way as well ; * ingvaeones * , definitely a roman term to which frisians would also have been counted is also related to said freyr . 
  it 's tangled and somewhat confusing , as is everything with such old mythological references ( ... ) but to boil it down to ` frisii looks like frizzy ' seems a bit much : \u00fe, 
  untamed wilds - strike the earth !, 
  it 's not * pond of bacalhau * bro, 
  no the dude was n't mocking free speech he just explained it to you . 
  he was not mocking free speech . 
  almost as much as mexico got from that mexican who popped up around here in / r/europe, 
  penisteri . 
  before trump : mindless nattering bitches like you . 
  after trump : mindless nattering bitches like you . 
  neither of those things is true and you declaring something fact does not make it . 
  this whole post you made was ` feels ' sans facts only your * feel * is impotent and incoherent shitposting . 
  how is that horrible ? 
  also it 's not merkel . 
  and hoensbroek . 
  let 's start a war . 
  a nuclear war . 
  damn dat sum aldi-bargain-bin level pizza, 
  if only others were more gloriously european , you mean, 
  western europe is actually vaguely important ? 
  ukraine may be europe but europe is n't ukraine, 
  only by snide little whiners like yourself and / u/titsnoass . 
  there 's always someone saying it sarcastically way before anyone says it seriously - it 's time to stop cowering in your corner , because that phantom is not real . 
  a round of spankings, 
  amusingly , spotify in the netherlands has infomercials about not using antibiotics for errythang, 
  there is no way a 1 quid pizza can even be considered pizza neverm ind a game changer and never ever mind better than ristorante, 
  longbows are the welsh thing . 
  just call every leftist a putin-puppet-caller and ignore their points , that will show them !, 
  this is what hypocrits do , 
  yes . 
  british banter in this thread has been low quality so far . 
  i bet the archbishopric will soon move away from banterbury . 
  you expected a post with ` goes against human nature ' not to be bullshit ? 
  okay . 
  but . . yeah . 
  what the fuck . 
  as is only right, 
  i have a sudden urge to use the word ` naff ' to described those slices of yellowish gray . 
  if you think the collapse of the ottoman empire had no effect on europe then you are as naieve as you are blind and i 've just compiled a new braille dictionary for you . 
  agreed but in my mind ` go nomad ' would sound nicer . 
  because it 'd also sound like ` go mad ' ohwell . 
  wow . 
  you should contact the guinness book of world records . 
  brazil ? 
  which one , which one . 
  that would rock the entire continent . 
  worse economic crisis than 2010 . 
  tbh i think lots of people do n't do that . 
  i like the hypothetical term for people who want to be aussie cunts best . 
  it 's just hilarious . 
  i 'm not sure it was actually . 
  like - was it enshrined in law that that was a-ok ? 
  nobody stopped it - but that does n't mean it 's legal, 
  nazis banning nazis is the best thing nazis ever did, 
  what makes you not able to use the word ` deplorable ' ? 
  ` new ( jabba the ) hutt ' ? 
  you are wrong . 
  oooh i know someone from there . 
  met her in sweden . 
  naturally . 
  ... of macedonia . 
  what is turkey supposed to be ? 
  so , yes , with sugar . 
  carry on , patriot . 
  which is the one that got attacked, 
  do you take sugar with your balls ? 
  can they even cross the bosphorus in three days ? 
  such a shitty ideology, 
  i think that 's part of american english . 
  i just had a rather nice g&t using vanlig gin . 
  i just thought it meant it was n't a special type haha . 
  you absolutely like it . 
  also jesus , for breakfast ? 
  do you livei n norrland or something , in one of * those * houses ? 
  the ones near one road which sees half a car per day , the ones near skog and \u00e4lv but definitely not near people ?
