  christ , that article has a terrible title . 
  why do they try to be funny with those casually stereotypical shitty uninformative titles ? 
  oh sure , i certainly do n't agree with everything they say ( cute username though ) , but i never really thought of them as a troll . 
  but then , many also think uat2d is a hueg troll , even though he trolls only about half the time . 
  eh , idealistic maybe . 
  pshaw , of course not . 
  that does n't solve the problem . 
  then it 's an island state with a continental part . 
  still an island state , the problem would therefore not be solved . 
  ( also , you smell . ), 
  i see , igelkotten is not usually a troll , though . 
  thanks . 
  i honestly clicked the link thinking it would be `` another pointless and tenuously linked baloney story about an imagined semi-historical comparison '' . 
  but i was pleasantly surprsed . 
  it was n't quite that bad . 
  turn the entirety into a beach , what good comes from it anyway ? 
  what traditional family ? 
  because ` the tradtional family ' as an entity has been in decline since the industrial revolution , post-nuclear my ass . 
  i understand the downvotes then , everyone including me , interpreted your post as a rhetorical question , claiming that the banks were german , rather than you just asking if the banks are german . 
   yes , perhaps cyprus should n't have been let in , but neither should italy , greece and belgium . 
  wut , what did i miss , why is belgium in this list ? 
  how are the cypriot banks german ? 
  and , i 've just finished a class on napoleon , there might not be enough reason for them to feel as if they 're sacrificing for a greater good ; a better europe they too can benefit from . 
  the idea is , as you say , that it 's done for economic powerhouse nazi-mordor-germany which profits over the backs of others . 
  how to change these ideas , i wonder ? 
  and in how far is that one correct ? 
  ( at first glance ; not very , imo . ), 
  shit , ladies and gentlemen , has hit the chandelier . 
   what is it with island nations and banks , anyway ? 
   good question . 
  there is clearly only one answer to the problems that arise with banking-island-nations ( or banking-nation-islands ) and that is to incorporate them into proper countries . 
  i 'd therefore suggest that ireland become norwegian , that scotland becomes swedish , that the top third of england becomes danish , the middle third dutch , and the southernmost third french . 
  cyprus is to be incorporated back into greece and turkey is to be pacified with a shipment of ouzo . 
  it 's the only way , honestly . 
  this kind of articles is more likely to ` trigger bank runs ' than a governmental re-planning in one country is . 
  and my point quite clearly is that she probably had not reached the safe haven before being incarcerated in a concentration camp . 
  hence making your whole `` but she was in sweden '' post both irrelevant and dumb . 
  ` up ' is the * other * direction . 
  sure , blame one figurehead for all the trouble your inherently shitty country has at the moment . 
  oh wait no , merkel is clearly sauron , and germany is nazi-mordor . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  beyond the point , double-jackass . 
  this is 1985 . 
  she could therefore have survived the concentration camps * and then moved to sweden afterwards . 
  ... and her being in sweden 40 years after wwii means she could not have survived a concentration camp ? 
  maybe she was n't in sweden at that time , jackass . 
  `` shit 's on fire , yo . '', 
  which , reading it like this , does make me think it 's an odd system . 
  or the mujahedeen . 
  wait , lecturing ? 
  heh , i suppose not . 
  maybe , eventually ( if we discount the ussr ) the third reich could have gotten the overhand on the uk , but i was thinking that that would be such a long and drawn-out conflict that a different peace settlement would be reached before london would need to capitulate . 
  us involved certainly heralded the beginning of the end for nazi-supremacy , though . 
  little wonder too . 
  you 'd still have the costs of actually switching though ; taking in ` old ' euros , printing new pounds , making sure the get where they should , etc. 
  that 's a pretty unreasonable attitude . 
  bay lout . 
  would n't switching back to the pound be a bit costly in it self ? 
  now listen drama queen , it 's quite obvious that the ` okay ? ', 
  was meant only as incentive to , you know , post some fucking context . 
  yes i am , in fact , i study the stuff . 
  does n't mean i quite get what this is about , what is the point , why is this posted ? 
  why should anyone care that there were raids in the balkans in the fifth to seventh centuries ? 
  there were raids all over europe then . 
  why are slavenes and antes bolded ? 
  who are they ? 
  `` the making of the slavs '' ? 
  what , ahh . 
  just someone who is n't funny trying to be funny . 
  and failing.nothing to worry about . 
  okay , that 's all true , but it 's not a circlejerk . 
  i liked plastic propellor planes . 
  i think i had the middle one at home somewhere . 
  a long ass fucking time ago . 
  why is this circlejerking ? 
  it 's just a single joke , that is n't circlejerking . 
  if you 're going to act smug and superior at least make sense . 
  okay ? 
  and anything involving ` roma ' does the same , really . 
  flucy flawless . 
  oh sure , i was n't blaming you . 
  it just annoyed me slightly that they 'd do this . 
  and an image site desecrate their own images with a ludicrous stamp all over the middle . 
  is n't lactose pretty much cow-milk specific , anyway ? 
  a fucking game screenshot on fucking deviantart ? 
  what the shit , what kind of dumb dick thinks that 's a good idea ? 
  that kind of joke is more usually reserved for the flemish , also ; wacist . 
  yeah , probably . 
  going that far back is quite susceptible to oversimplification . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean . 
  it does n't really respond on the balkan ( just no reaction ) or in the baltics ( points to sweden and norway instead . ), 
  names as in derogatory , or just what we officially call them ? 
  because the latter is usually quite similar to english ( only better because they use dutch for us , and german where they should use * deutsch * ) official list would be duits/duitsland/duitsers and belgisch/belgi \u00eb / belgen ( or vlaams/vlaanderen/vlamingen ) . 
  i could add gb as well ; brits/groot-brittanni \u00eb / britten ( or engels/engeland/engelsen , and the uk is verenigd koninkrijk in dutch , but that has no demomym or possesive , afaik . ), 
  probably not as there is ireland more northern than northern ireland , is n't there ? 
  intersting you mention * w\u0142osi * as it certainly looks from the same stem as * vlach * , * welsh * and * walloon * , all of which descend from a common - germanic - root simply meaning ` foreign , not like us ' . 
  i think that word was something like walhaz but i 'm not sure . 
  wikipedia will know more . 
  ` english ' is ( via \u00c6nglisc i 'm thinking ) derived from ` angle ' as well , though . 
  indeed , i often see it said that ` deutsch ' is derived from ` teutonic ' but it seems far more likely that they had similar roots , but are different branches .
