  500 a year ? 
  remove habsburg . 
  what . 
  too much truth for ya, 
  hey , canadians do n't get to be jerks ( about us ) . 
  obvious bollocks though, 
  goddamn right they are . 
   politicians arent supposed to do what they think is `` right '' . 
  yes they are . 
  they absolutely are . 
  that 's the entire point . 
  he does n't necessarily know everyone 's religion . 
  it 's hard to tell than their generalized origin . 
  m\u00e8refuquers . 
  i know a kurczak on another forum and that 's a czech and also clearly a deceiver . 
  in czech too , i assume ? 
  lol, 
   well , in all fairness farage is partially to blame for that . 
  i 'd agree . 
  i mean , if it is disharmonious then clearly the people being * deliberately disharmonious * are n't helping make it harmonious . 
  :p thanks !, 
  another one ; what 's ` kurczak ' ? 
       `` i would prefer for my daughter to meet a paedophile than having her attend a sex education class . '', 
  ... get this man into a chess competition . 
  narrative my ass , 10 year olds are stupid, 
   ninja edit : `` teachers '' as a whole ; every single teacher is free to be one-gender . 
  : ddd, 
  i 'd be amazed if that was the case here . 
  i had two male teachers in elementary school . 
  and last year when i was upping my secondary school education i met someone who 'd studied for a while to become a primary school teacher but realized he wanted to teach older kids instead . 
  they are accurate , fran\u00e7ois flamande . 
  i love the smell of fresh moderators . 
  ssssnrrrf, 
  little to do with franconian , though . 
  refers to frankish , the language of the franks until the salian franks romanized themselves in order to more ably lord it over the roman ( o-celtic ) people of what was gaul and became ... frank-realm . 
  ( if the minor transgression of translating ` rijk ' and ` reich ' as realm might be forgiven . ), 
  yeah but before the pop cultural centre of the world became the pop cultural centre of the world ... french was the lingua franca , was n't it ? 
  because you 're the flemish french . 
  pretty sure more of frisia would be wet . 
  lol ` slackers/hipsters ' ? 
  i am sure that if you guys knew more about anything , you 'd know anything . 
   ( though they are the only ones we respect ) oy !, 
   you could say that we boarder spain . 
  could , but should n't :p, 
  zwart *  edit ; lol no that would be ` sort ' i believe . 
  this is ` zwaar ' . 
  my bad . 
  yeah i got that . 
  still amused me, 
  so make sure they are safe here . 
  harbour and nurture this source of possible good, 
  that 's a bold move . 
  a good move too , to be supported and encouraged . 
  i enjoy that there are more second and third than first streets . 
  ha-ha . 
  now name them properly . 
  the league in the north !, 
  reasonably certain that they 're actually mostly * mills * for milling, 
  those are sweet names tbh, 
  and you 're not so big, 
  ` roberts ' could also be english or dutch, 
  surely the contrast to realpolitik is ideologically-driven politics, 
  you just went and made it creepier !, 
  this has more or less nothing to do with ` liberal ' in any way . 
  you 're right , absolutely , though . 
  ` pc ' is essentially just a cudgel to smack an unidentified ` liberal ' amorphous group of people who * might * disagree for whatever made-up reason . 
  there 's something tremendously aesthetically pleasing about a mostly-wooden rifle . 
  your first two pictures seem like they would be a pleasure just to hold . 
  i kinda ca n't see what anything has to do with ` pc ' here . 
  it 's simply politics ( tell michael it was business , nothing personal ) , and an entirely understandable move . 
  more like what the fuck , usa . 
  that 's some deer-in-headlights-shit . 
  ironically , with more electricity . 
  thank you , doctor frankenstein ^ ^ ^ ( fronkensteen ! ), 
  rule of horses , surely . 
  well , no . 
  i kinda knew that . 
  ... which mutilation might also be, 
  is that when you superglue your cock into someones bum, 
  unworthy sentiment or not , it 's a bloody amusing remark . 
  ... oh shit you made me realize i 'm older than ( this form of ) germany . 
  some sympathy is n't the same as cheering the massacre though, 
  ... the fuck , are they ? 
  i ca n't imagine - any - student doing so . 
  and i 've known quite a bunch of students . 
  's because i do n't recall where i read it :p i ca n't back it up . 
  i * think * i read once that it 's a completely unrelated swedish woman . 
  was n't the eventual conclusion on that one that it 's probably not her ? 
  i 'd guess `` some places offer 1000-12000 lev . 
  a dairy farm ( ` cowshed ' ) in slivnitsa is looking for breeders ( and offering 1200 ) '', 
  ... which medium says that ? 
  none of them , right ? 
  no one at all ? 
  except you in posts like that . 
  if only, 
  what is this , simcity, 
  jesus that makes you too irish, 
  nah you just break the eggs into a bowl , add banana and mash it through . 
  done, 
  in the jungle the mighty jungle,
