  but it 's soooo goooood . 
   others say the previous people should clearly get a blowjob from a shivering shark because clearly goulash is just a short way of saying goulash soup . 
  i admire your phrasing , deleted one . 
  communists killed millions . 
  all the way to the yukon, 
  nope, 
  i thought that was n't a singular/plural thing but a polite form/common form thing . 
  i think it 's slightly because that part of the reasons for the second war could more easily have been prevented than others . 
  even at the time of the treaty there were people arguing germany ought n't be made bankrupt because that 'd cause even more problems . 
   comments/1rcf3u/fun / cdmgcwo hm , i had n't seen that one , but frankly that guy is spectacularly idiotic , and even on a no-downvote ( in theory ) sub like that one the comment seems to have gotten 18 downvotes . 
  but it is n't bad history , even if it is in / r/badhistory . 
  it 's nothing more than a simple fact that hitler used the common post ww1 german sentiment that they were punished unfairly or too harshly . 
  the germans of those days saw they had little economy left and it should be no surprise that they attributed that fact to the ( in their eyes ) rather heavy sanctions imposed on them at the treaty of versailles . 
  saying `` the treaty contributed '' does not mean `` the french started world war ii '' . 
  it just is n't that simple . 
  however , lets add some things . 
  `` part of hitler 's rise was due to him capitalizing on anger about the poor state of germany . 
  the treaty contributed , in the eyes of the germans of the time , to said poor state of the country and many felt they had been treated unfairly and were both angry and looking for a new leader to reach more prosperous times . '', 
  does that mean france caused the second world war ? 
  absolutely not . 
  does it however mean that the treaty of versailles can easily be regarded as part of the causes which led to the war ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  france is not to blame for the war , but the idea i 've often seen is that had the after-war treaty been less strict , the german economy and people would have had less problems , which would have made the rise of a hitler less likely as he 'd be less wanted by the germans . 
  so ; did france start world war two ? 
  fuck no . 
  was the treaty of versailles likely one of many causes to the war ? 
  yes . 
  that is really not the usual rhetoric . 
  in fact , i 'm not sure it 's ever been posted . 
  do n't portray yourself as the victim of some smear campaign . 
   oh please , i 'm so tired of this . 
  how about saying that if prussia/germany had not been the warmongering heart of europe since the franco-prussian war , we would n't have been led to such a treaty . 
  in what way could that possibly mean that the treaty was n't one of the factors ? 
  the factors have factors , you know . 
  luxembourg puts the benelux to shame !, 
  so do i. 
  not enough beer , this is an outrage !, 
   what do you call an easy high school or college class ? 
  \u00d7 gut \u00d7 crypt course \u00d7 crip course \u00d7 bird \u00d7 blow-off \u00d7 meat \u00d7 other wtf is that shit edit ; new york , yonkers ( lol ) and jersey city . 
  joke 's on you , i do n't have a car to bomb . 
  do you also visit / r/europe via your kuerbelopian tubes ? 
  flatlands = best lands . 
  i like the small map . 
  subtle . 
  possibly , but that 's something else . 
  he meant the german one is perfectly well run . 
  and fukushima and chernobyl are n't in germany . 
  who jizzed on that ? 
  presumably they would have been pretty close to you to threaten at knife point . 
  when would you have drawn the weapon ? 
  driveldriveldrivel, 
  there 's a reasonable concern like / u/beefjerky87 's and then there 's yours . 
  the russians will probably say it moved on to the czechs . 
  my town was purportedly single-handedly liberated by a quebecois officer ; l\u00e9o major . 
  ... they 're really going to do it , are n't they ? 
  i did my final havo exams in 2009 . 
  one of four doing frisian at havo level at that school . 
  two vwo . 
   no , i do n't see nuclear power as an intermediate source of power . 
  it is extremely expensive and the safety is not at all in place . 
  investing in nuclear will only delay the inevitably transition to a green economy . 
  probably a good point , but if green takes quite a while ( as opponents often suggest ) , there might be need for something to bridge a possible gap between the shitty stuff used now and 100 % green . 
  you 've been empty for a while ? 
  i once got a waffle with nutella and strawberries from a stand ( bevrijdingsfestival zwolle last year ) but should i buy just sugar waffles on their own i 'm not likely to put anything on it . 
  no doubt these ` fascists ' will pay for it . 
  we need to find way to instain mother !, 
  who kill their babby because the babby cant fright back . 
  and it is an itch you will not , can not , shall not scratch . 
  yep , it looks great on the outside , but the inside could do with some devastating fire . 
  yeah but at least that can improve . 
  can afford and will need in a dump like that . 
  yes . 
  only because opening the article would have solved the puzzle in a jiffy . 
  or looking at posts in this thread . 
  eyebrows reaching lips imminent . 
  having an absolute oblast *, 
  y' all millhouse . 
  given that your criticism was only `` they do it too '' it was downvoted because it seems as if that makes it okay . 
  it does n't . 
  not very legitimate , it 's just your standard `` but x does it too '' as if that * matters * . 
  even if it 's hypocritical to point out flaws also done on your ` own side ' ; does n't mean the pointing-out-of-flaws is flawed itself . 
  `` asshole militia '' sounds a decent way to describe how `` terrorist '' is used lately . 
  except it 's less catchy . 
  false dichotomy , surely . 
  also cops who do that tend automatically be considered ` shitty cops ' . 
  or just assholes . 
  but you were n't actually making an argument you were just faffing about . 
  round , juicy , tasty , fruit . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  at least be honest in your reasoning . 
  my general anger at shitty costumes rose a bunch whenever i saw pictures of it . 
  :p also too bad you probably ca n't read dutch ( and it 's probably not translated ) but `` koningen en krijgsheren ; de franken in de lage landen '' by luit van der tuuk is quite good imo . 
  do n't be sorry , shit 's interesting . 
  in fact i read about klakk-haraldr just a few hours before . 
  yeah i know . 
  all of it . 
  :p ( though ` france ' is n't the term to use when rollo landed ) , it 's just that it seems odd to call a very distinct group ` frankified vikings ' . 
  calling klakk-haraldr 's danes frankified vikings , okay , but normans were a separate and distinct entity . 
  fair enough i did n't think of that . 
  reasoning rather more simple ; russia is perfectly capable of arming itself .
