  i thought not safe for intestines . 
  but then , i am rather partial to a peanutbutter and ketchup sandwhich . 
  i drink my hot drinks in big mugs . 
  they do n't get cold . 
  lol , no . 
  norway does n't thrive just because it 's not in the eu ; there 's plenty of other factors which make it thrive . 
  perhaps , even , it thrives despite not being an eu member . 
  that was indeed the main criticism . 
  however , my point with the second post was that if you 're using a source you really should mention it in the first place , not afterwards . 
  i 'm sure you 're not suggesting that ` fuck this shit . 
  and fuck you ' is poor english . 
  it might not be * nice * english , but it 's grammatically sound . 
  awesome way to deflect any criticism , just hide behind the link you did n't previously present as your source . 
  you know what , fuck this shit . 
  and fuck you . 
  i mean , i do n't want to look all grammar nazi and shit , but when you try to call out others for not learning your language you should really endeavour to at least write well yourself . 
  do n't give me the usual guff about `` but it 's clear what i mean '' . 
  yes , it is . 
  irrelevant . 
  the non - and half - english used by those you accuse of not learning the language is also clear in meaning . 
  just as clear in meaning , i dare say , it simply has a slightly more narrow possible audience to understand it . 
  to be honest the word ` dross ' popped up in my mind as soon as your second paragraph . 
  '' , ignoring the fact this does not actually function or indeed work in any society as different cultures by their very nature are competitive ( eg customs and beliefs on morality and society of which the said culture naturally believe are superior to others , we may respect others culture , but we still feel inside ours is superior , its called being human ) , is this even desirable ? '', 
  this is your opinion . 
  and you present it as fact . 
  indeed , as per your own definition , multiculturalism used to work quite fine all over europe . 
  until , not at all remarkably , the rise of nationalism . 
  of course , i 'm writing this slightly oversimplified as i 've had a bunch of beers already , but my first point here seems to stand for your entire piece . 
  you present your opinion as fact . 
  and that , my friend , is a big no-no . 
  not to mention that your concluding paragraph is only loosely tied to the rest of this . 
  allow me to put that in three simple points ;  that is why i am firmly against multiculturalism , not only because it does not work , but because its simply unwanted and unwarranted . 
   not only because it does not work , this is based on your own idea of naturally competitive cultures , rather than on fact . 
  your idea might be based on the fact , but the idea itself is not a fact . 
   but because its simply unwanted unwanted by you . 
  not unwanted by everyone . 
  but i guess that when you do n't like something , then nobody does , right ? 
   and unwarranted unwarranted ? 
  i wonder what kind of warrant you require ? 
  as an aside , you claim to be disgusted by individuals who inhabit your nation ( sideside note , neither your nation , nor your nation . 
  your nation is the british . 
  your < nation -  state is the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ) without regard for your language . 
  yet i 've seen at least two tiny , niggling , quibbles which even i , cloggie and semi-professional pedant have noticed vis \u00e0 vis your use of the english language . 
  ah yes , if you ca n't convince people , disgust them . 
  i did n't realize the us supreme court had jurisdiction over sweden . 
  it needs to get its shit together ? 
   the us has ruled this as a ` death penalty ' . 
  make that  some people in the us call this a ` death penalty ' . 
  because ruling it as that rather suggests a judicial role of the us in this matter . 
  judges * rule * when using rule in this way . 
  some people in the us also believed obama wanted death panels , so this is still not a very pertinent remark to make . 
  the opinion of said * some americans * on this are delightfully irrelevant . 
  as is perhaps your rhetorical question . 
  got a slightly less slanted ( and frankly rather childish ) `` family '' site ? 
  i did a tiny traipse to the google-machine with the name domenic johansson and all links are to such sites , including david icke moaning about soviet-sweden and blogspot blogs . 
  you 'll have to excuse me if i do n't feel compelled to think they are reliable sources . 
  what a marvellous post . 
  cheers , top notch . 
  [ barely even human ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0vjkw4sfp4&amp;feature=related ) . 
  english . 
  in the middle ages it 's fairly safe to say that a christian in muslim lands was treated more kindly than a muslim in christian lands as well . 
  dhimmi status , and all that , versus outright persecution . 
  though of course , things differ per country and per year , even . 
  he did n't say that . 
  those notes look delightful . 
  i love the style they used in portraying . 
  why not split themes ; engineers with the science theme and humanitarians among the philosophers . 
  i expected the dutch to be fatter on the map . 
  but then , i 'm almost a hundred kilos of dutchman myself , so i might have some bias . 
  i did n't really follow much about the viking dlc . 
  a shame it flunked , i liked brytenwalda . 
  ckiii . 
  also i wonder if m&b bannerlord will betaleworlds published or paradox . 
  timemachine time and make atat\u00fcrk immortal-until-he-becomes-a-menace . 
  many . 
  one i know best is the l\u00e9o majorlaan in zwolle where i currently live . 
  [ major was a canadian credited solely with driving the nazi 's out . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%a9o_major ), 
  olright , not in english it does n't, 
  just the word . 
  not the actual bear mishandling . 
  like related to reginald fitzurse . 
  whose name has always been badass to me . 
  get me some vildsvin ( and maybe a pack of prince , seeing as i could n't find luckies in k ~ ~ \u00f3\u00f6\u00e1\u00df\u00f0 ~ ~ \u00f8bnhavn ) and you have my flatlandish vote . 
   the newspaper do n't give the name of offender by political correcness is n't that like by law ? 
  here suspects are n't allowed to be named ( by full name ) in papers and such until after all trials are done . 
  even then it seems a bit pointless to have the full name in anyway . 
  are n't knackers also horsebutchers ? 
   it 's mcdonalds ffs . 
  mcdonalds . 
  yeah , but you 're calling it food !, 
  but we need bits of germany !, 
  that 's what you put a brief in . 
  maybe that 's avalanche season ? 
  does that really matter though ? 
  i mean , the bottom-support are just as essential here, 
  i got decapitated :( i got better but someone stole my neck . 
  woah i used to be twice that weight and only about 9cm taller, 
  maybe fat slob osw as healthy as i 'll ever be . 
  i 'm dutch .
