  in 30 years nobody will ride a bicycle it 's true . 
  by then we should have hoverbikes , surely . 
  okay , that sounds badass . 
  but i 've never heard of it being a capital of all the netherlands . 
  brits get one opt-out . 
  either in or out . 
  that 's the opt . 
  :p plus palace in obscure place in france ? 
  just bulldoze the versailles , get something proper there . 
  you rarely notice anything bad about the eu on / r/europe ? 
  i notice it here far ( and far ) more often than in real life . 
  i ca n't claim to have been entirely serious when i linked that . 
  : \u00fe i just love thurl 's singing in it . 
  oh i guess i assumed an independent organisation researched it . 
  why is the dutch row empty ? 
  i am . 
  more or less [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afuclzexzla ) , probably . 
  only not ` mr. 
  grinch ' . 
  wtf is broeksel ? 
  and more importantly , when was brussel ( this is how you spell it , no eckses or kays , dammit ) capital of the netherlands ? 
  roughly never , right ? 
  besides that , a place like aachen/aken/aix-la-chapelle might as well be claimed for at least four countries as a capital city . 
  and ` rome ' for pretty much all of proper europe . 
  then / u/grumbal must have posted something very different because i read it as `` there might some day be a european tea party , and that might be bad . 
  currently there 's pro-eu and anti-eu parties who seem to be more reasonable than a possible eu tea party might be . '', 
  you did n't actually read it , did you ? 
  what a ludicrous thing to say , that 's suggested approximately never . 
  he wore red anyway , coca cola just capitalized on that . 
  father christmas wore green . 
  actually the frisian town of grou celebrated st pieter rather than sinterklaas . 
  meh , he 's one of my least favourites to panel qi, 
  that does n't make israel europe . 
  equality ? 
  rome has never been much of a fan of that , has it ? 
  wut , that 's strange . 
  busy bees that lot . 
  what 's the use of so many phone taps ? 
   free market is not a exclusively libertarian concept . 
  i know . 
  this is part of why i dislike the libertarian ` bootstrap ' bollocks , it does n't work unless you 're lucky as fuck . 
  or dodgy as fuck . 
  preferably both . 
  only hard work would n't get you anywhere if everyone else is tumbling over themselves to nab and grab . 
  that does n't look particularly far better to me . 
  i read that , yeah . 
  lol , cloud to butt . 
  :d i have adblocker too , and i used to have download helper ( did n't understand it ) and greasemonkey as well on my previous laptop . 
  never really think about them . 
  i have res ( does that count ) , but that 's it for me :p, 
  its primary function seems to be to annoy me . 
  i sha n't fall for your wiles !, 
   and europeans you 're doing it again . 
  it 's there to catch sj\u00e6lland, 
  i 'm with you , gerries , i prefer firefox over chrome which seems to add every tab ( and i tend to have lots ) as a separate entry in taskmanager . 
  the song ` throwaway children ' just came up as i read this post . 
  bloody foreigners come mooching off welfare . 
  of course it did n't catch on , but it did happen . 
   did the authorities actually find all these other kids , unless she had triplets both times , it 's kind of impossible to have gotten 6 children in those two small periods of time . 
  ahh , merica . 
  yeah , they are the cops, 
  what , that actually happened ? 
  que ? 
  i meant more in a googling-of-the-subject rather than the sources of the article , but that is a bit baffling . 
  ah but west is best :p, 
  i know , i know all that . 
  that 's the story from all over , but it should n't be surprising that it 's not the most convincing story . 
  yes . 
  do n't even necessarily have to go to eastern europe for it . 
  i rent a room ( about 5 by 3m , i think ) for 280 , - a month . 
  in zwolle in the netherlands . 
  ten minutes walk from train station . 
  this , admittedly , leaves fairly little for everything outside of rent , but i 've had even cheaper room just over the border in belgium ( when i studied in maastricht ) , for 200 , - a month . 
  though of course that is n't spain , maybe you can find different prices there . 
  ( and you could probably earn some money when you 're in europe anyway ), 
   as that is what most people associate it with , it is ? 
  i think this line of reasoning does n't really work in a multilingual context . 
  i mean , i translate ( in my mind ) both ` marriage ' and ` wedding ' to `` trouwerij '' or `` huwelijk '' , without particular church-y connotations . 
  i would never have thought that that is where the issue with gay marriage lies . 
  do n't run away from it , debate it . 
  elsewise / r/europe will always be a neofascist shithole, 
  after one , as dessert , i 've always like that, 
  in the baltics . 
  people from the dinaric alps tend to be taller than the dutch too . 
  far more outrageous !, 
  and austria does n't even get a real word . 
  how dare she wear a scarf !, 
  not sure about dinner , but most my breakfasts and lunches so far have included milk . 
  and cereals . 
  funny what a body can get used to . 
  and/or the pretty kind . 
   wtf is going on here ? 
  it 's a plot !, 
  sinister outside forces are trying to unleash wwiii !, 
  i bet it 's the crabpeople . 
  i have the best idea for solving the dispute . 
  give it to the nl . 
  both your countries like ours well enough , why not ? 
  quelle surprise !, 
  edit ; i ca n't seem to find anything about it though .
