  i have not . 
  woo that was pretty hard . 
  i probably got most wrong . 
  i got faroese , dutch , ? , danish , yiddish , icelandic , ? , west-frisian , sweedish , low saxon , sater frisian , english , norwegian , german , afrikaans . 
  edit ; danigt my initial idea for the second ? 
  was right . 
  also sorry north-germanics , i only got icelandic right . 
  anglophones do not get to use ` phlegm ' as an accusation . 
  i hereby put it to you that the word ` phlegm ' has more phlegm than the entire dutch dictionary . 
   just ones that had been settled in normandy . 
  some two centuries prior to hastings, 
  deperation far outweighs what limes said . 
  of course . 
  thefuck i could have sworn that was n't there . 
  sorry , i must have focused on that one bit because i 've seen people actually argue that illegal immigration is n't the problem of the ` host ' - countries . 
   none of this shit is our problem the illegal immigration is literally our problem, 
  yes , that 's what he said is n't it ? 
  was n't he the one replaced by willy, 
  not specific enough, 
  reddit 's attitude to feminism is mind-boggling . 
  are you retarded ? 
  the fuck, 
  three very nice periods , but actually only one of them is icelandic, 
  it 's a belgian comic strips . 
  weirdly hilarious is their mo. 
  except for vandersteen things . 
  those are bad . 
  ` the guild of friends of french-speaking ' so yeah . 
  i think that one girl who retaliated the negging in xkcd once . 
  yeah , science bitch . 
  wow that looks unhinged, 
  and if there is a space before end-punctuation then it 's french . 
  cor that 's a great honour that is, 
   christian or catholic . 
   it 's not measured , just widely accepted never really heard of that . 
  that 's quick . 
  define `` it '' . 
   or more to do that argentina has the most similar culture to europe of any latin american country , i 'm curious how this is measured ? 
   but i 've definitely seen threads on reddit that were basically `` what american food grosses you out '' and peanut butter would always be up there and europeans say that ? 
   i 'd always heard euros hated peanut butter . 
  really ? 
  who says that ? 
  why would they say that ? 
  are they insane ? 
  unhinged ? 
  lunatic ? 
  possessed ? 
  tbh , would n't that be the case with most countries involved in ww2 ? 
   the roman god of fertility of war . 
  heh also ` de jong ' may have at some point ever been used that way , but they 're surnames now , not nicknames . 
  and in comparing you 'd use ` de jonge ' or ` de jongere ' . 
  i know a swede with that surname, 
  oooh . 
  i had n't seen cnytyo 's flair . 
  whoops . 
  i had just seen the word used elsewhere in this thread, 
  what is a gagauz, 
   \u016a `` man extatic with toup\u00e9e '', 
  we 're the * interesting * guys, 
  could n't find my luckies in denmark, 
  now why did seeing this trigger the evil genius theme in mny head . 
  ` parently luymens is also * luymes *, 
  her majesty 's *** quorn *** ? !, 
  wait up , so catharinaragorn-amaliaragorn is heir to \u00cdsilt\u00edr ? 
  usually you can tell the difference between a countryname and a cityname though , somehow, 
  hey i just made bananapancakes so i aint gon take no shit, 
  depends on the start date . 
  i mean , if i break them up they still existed . 
  lol . 
  i foresee some practical problems . 
  title halfways tempts me to turn in the witcher . 
  'cause i finished it . 
  but no . 
  dammit , no . 
  also pretty sure i waived return when i played it . 
  * or did you * . 
  ` je bent gebanned ' and ` you 're banned ' :p, 
  plus i bought the witcher 2 today and finished the first yesterday . 
   polly toynbee . 
  i do n't think this one has been mentioned ( often ) on mock the week so i do n't know them . 
  are you pretending it is n't ? 
  yeah , i noticed later in the modpost what actually happened . 
  i thought the ` controversial ' new mods were removed and did n't see why you 'd be controversial . 
  but that was n't really the case . 
  why was dclauzel controversial ? 
  also when trying to translate something i do n't know off the top of my head . 
  like fruits . 
  * zwarte bes * for example is n't blackberry . 
  blackberry is braam . 
  zwarte bes is ` blackcurrant ' . 
  that other dude has a face like he 's crying under his sunglasses though . 
  i guess he meant not derived or borrowed from another language . 
  wine as well as dutch wijn and most germanic forms of it ( i can think of ) are derived from latin . 
  nope , noordzee is er nog . 
  has a durum set aside for meee ? 
  who controls / r/europe [ 1 ] ? 
  who keeps the metric system down ? 
  ... what a hilariously british title . 
  why thank you, 
  people in real life barely seem to mention gypsies ever .
