  i 'm not very much of a ( wine ) drinker . 
  read it as ` german police state ' at a glance . 
  naaah could n't be, 
  gosh maybe stereotype does not reflect political realities . 
  the germanic makes it better, 
  alright , kudos for acknowledging the mistake . 
  good job missing the analogy and the joke . 
  he clearly was not advocating bombing the entire island , he was drawing a comparison with those who immediately go `` gee , of course , they 're muslims , muslims are all terrorists , islam is pure evil '' that sort of thing . 
  he 's spoofing that with a more respected group to point out the absurdity of blaming all members of one group for the actions of a few . 
  just self-righteous neoliberal wank , probably . 
  and it do n't mean shit in dutch . 
  wow . 
  hm , why is bike sales being higher than car sales a sign of economic malaise ? 
  as far as i know , bike sales have been higher than car sales here in the nl for many years now , for many it 's just a preferable alternative , not necessarily due to the cost of cars . 
  i doubt russia or nato as a whole would appreciate a chinese army ( quite possibly with poor logistics ) dropping into/marching towards ukraine :p, 
  make it a spot more futuristic , get like five or six powerblocs and space exploration/colonization and i 'd play the martian guano out of that game . 
  i do n't visit / r/paradoxplaza enough , i guess . 
  for some reasong that sentence just makes me sad . 
  i assume there was failure involved ? 
  citation is n't needed , it might as well be an analogy serving the same argument ; even if it is n't true it supports the point . 
  besides that , he did n't confirm there 's a registry , he asked kukul if the creation of such a registry ( suggesting it does not exist ) would be alright with him given his support for the roma-registry . 
  english pronounces all the letters wrong . 
  but it never was difficult for me . 
  things like muzzy , some puzzle games and some redcat and rayman games meant my twin brother and i later had slightly higher level of english in elementary school . 
  to the unfathomable heights of ` what colour is the pink panther ' but it was on a computer , so i 'm sure it was awesome . 
  i 've seen books of him , but never actually tried any . 
  interesting stuff right about fitz . 
  look at him : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reginald_fitzurse plus i think the old walter scott 's * ivanhoe * has a waldemar fitzurse . 
  you 're probably right . 
  ( which books ? 
  i just recognized ` fitz ' as the norman version of ` fils ' and used for a bunch of surnames , coolest of which has to be fitzurse ), 
  i am dutch too and had rarely-to-never heard of ` papa dag ' before reading this . 
  same with ` oma dag ' . 
  that 's kind of my problem . 
  i 'm sure a bunch of urban yuppies have those things , but there 's almost 17 million dutch people . 
  :p then again , i spent my childhood in a small village with perhaps an unusual family so maybe i 'm drawing too personal a conclusion . 
  ( i like your username though , son of chivalry ), 
  in that case , more good news : 3 , - is about a 15 yr old 's minimum wage . 
  from 23 onward the actual minimum wage is used , around 9,50 an hour . 
  well that was quite a silly read . 
  very generalized . 
  i ca n't say i have the most experience , but that 's probably not very good . 
  let 's go 6 days of 3 bucks an hour , then say you work from 9-17 :00 so 8 hours . 
  6x3x8 = 144 euro . 
  let 's be optimistic ; you get the same each week for entire month . 
  4x144 = 576 euros . 
  depending where you live you can rent a room for that , sure . 
  not necessarily very big , and definitely not in the centre of amsterdam , but the room seems covered . 
  my own , rather small , is 280 , - a month . 
  so less than three hundred beyond rent on the best month . 
  probably doable , but not with very much financial security . 
  ( plus also insurances , vehicles , etc ), 
  i 'll say ` fuck you know about investing . 
  also , i 'm not your real dad ' . 
  ( planken heheh ), 
  it 's a deal . 
  once you guys learn how to spell ` rijn ' . 
  i realize , but i did n't know that when i first saw it . 
  it amused me at the time . 
  aken also has a ` judengasse ' iirc . 
  christ what a pretentious sub , where 's the nudies, 
  i dunno , a few funnies now and then are n't all bad . 
  we do n't want to get caught in a bitter and sour doomsday cult , do we ? 
  agamemnon and ajax but no achilles ? 
  lol, 
  or at flying rhino junior high . 
  i dislike thsat site immediately , it just links to the boring shitty crap front page :p, 
  how quaint . 
  lions represent just about everyone . 
  especially heraldry-wise . 
  it 's like the most common charge . 
  lolno . 
  declaring trivial commonplace shit to be quintessentially british is quintessentially british . 
  as is ` quintessentially ' . 
  i guess that did n't turn out well . 
  lol , * de lift *, 
  america has cheese ? 
  sounds like italy . 
  there 's very little `` british '' about tea imo . 
  if i 'd seen this 21 hours ago i might 've come visit . 
  as a dutchman , never heard of bas belder . 
  looking at wikipedia : oh christ , an sgp ` er . 
  exactly !, 
  i said no , it should n't be decreased because i consider it the preferable alternative to fossil fuels . 
  but had there been a question about ` green ' ` renewable ' energies , i 'd have wanted those increased in stead . 
  i did n't say you said that . 
  tried again 8 hours later ; kristdemokraterna , venstre , fdp 67 % sinn f\u00e9in 62 % in terms of ep i 'm surprised the european conservatives/reformists share number 1 at 60 % with liberals/democrats . 
  i expected the socialists/democrats ( at 47 % ) higher than the conservatives for me . 
  though i think i did answer some things slightly differently this morning . 
  folkpartiet liberalerna , labour party , partidul national liberal , fianna f\u00e1il 60 % ------ i 'm apparently not very strongly one way or the other . 
  / r/europe aint even that active . 
  rip in peace in pacem , site . 
  i like the slick-but-friendly design but my word this shit is slow . 
  it 's been busy computing my results for about fifteen minutes now . 
  fuck your shit , site . 
  that 's the middle button :p, 
  i 'm born in `` het bildt '', 
  hiterally litler . 
  yarp , noticed it at the tudelft site . 
  which others ?
