  are you really so anglo-obsessed that you think ` cents ' are * american * ? 
  nothing . 
  yes , and ? 
  how does that mean that this is related to that ? 
  surely you were n't expecting the telegraph to make a nuanced and accurate title when they can go for a fearsome and shouty one instead ? 
  yeah , everything is about the uk . 
  is that the same veolia that does some train and bus-work here in the nl ? 
  leading questions , much ? 
   where did you hear that ? 
  you likely ca n't read dutch so i 'll give a translation of the last paragraph , which is most relevant . 
  for dijsselbloem the road is , therefore , open , at least in regards to dutch parliament . 
  in europe there seems to be little thresholds left , according to hearsay , only france is still ` sputtering ' ( this feels like it should be a word in english . 
  :p ) today the french minister of finance moscovici called in the german press for the aspiring eurogroupchairman to present a vision on the euro . 
  dijsselbloem shall acquiesce to that call and will present his vision in the eurogroup on monday . 
  `` then we 'll see which way his hat points . '', 
  ( idiom , not very suitable for translation . ), 
  you forgot to mention how this was obviously merely a ploy by the mosque because muslims say one thing to the west , but another thing to each other , so secretly they are encouraging the vigilantism !, 
  got ta be clear that it 's not allowed , at first . 
  first time i read this i was thinking too dutch ; ` overnemen ' ( a direct translation to overtaking ) would be to take over , which i thought was meant . 
  rather than that norway oil is gaining on gazprom . 
  christians of that time originated * in * the roman empire , if a far-flung region of it , rather than in a wholly different nation . 
  now i mention nation ; there are nationalist factors at work as well , christianity of that time was an idea to go beyond nationalist boundaries ( in so far as they existed ) , muslim minorities now in the west tend to be separated not only in which branch of islam , but also in which nation they originate from , and they feel opposed by the west . 
  add to that that the west now is become less and less religious while at the time of rome , a new religion had far more room to grow simply because far more people were likely to believe and to be convinced . 
  add to that also that islam is seen as at odds with christianity , from similar roots but completely opposite ( mind you , they seem pretty much the same to me ) , while christianity in its growth during rome not only based itself on discontent in social form , but also on previous ( minor ) cults and religions each of which already bore similarities to the growing christianity . 
  judaism , of course , was already known , and if someone sympathised with that but was not necessarily convinced , then christianity might be seen as a superiour alternative . 
  similarly the cults of mithras , and the zoroastrian religions had some similar tenets to christianity . 
  especially zoroastrianism had , with ahura mazda vs ahriman a very clear duality which the christians , still developing and transforming their own fledgling religion , would draw heavily from turning what had merely been a sort of prankster into an actual personification of evil ( the devil ) . 
  in short ; there were already certain religious thoughts and thrifts in pre-christian rome which christianity could take parts from to develop . 
  this is not the case with islam , both islam and christianity are developed and divided in opposing forms . 
  so i do n't think it 's likely that islam will have a similar mass-converting effect as christianity had in rome , and i certainly do n't think it 's likely that a future king or queen of england will declare islam state religion like happened with the roman emperor who eventually did it ( justinian , i think ? ), 
  what a stupid comparison . 
  it does n't work in the slightest . 
  not really no . 
  a few malcontents do not threaten the civilisation . 
  what should be done seems the following ; the patrol vigilantes are to be told off and if they repeat to be arrested . 
  i 'm sure there 's some suitable charge the uk police force can bear upon them . 
  simultaneously , have some words with the community or representatives thereof these patrols belong to . 
  make sure this is not tolerable behaviour . 
  repeats are to be treated as crimes , because that 's what they are . 
  so no , it is not a threat to western civilisation in the least , it 's some unrest and/or discontent which is apparent only in small criminal manner . 
  in spanish it means that . 
  in english it 's an illicit ` crime-fighter ' . 
  no wonder bsinesses are opposed . 
  german is a language i never was very good at and whichi have practiced very rarely lately , but she was turned away because the hospitals could n't give her pills for it ? 
  i assume that means she may have gotten pregnant , or what ? 
  i do n't really understand the situation . 
  that 's what would happen if you start becoming a violent vigilante against violent vigilantes . 
  other violent vigilantes will direct their violent vigilance towards you because you thought you could get away with shooting someone for being mean . 
  yeah , from 1.84 m average to 101.84 m. 
  hm , i can understand the rationale and at first glance it might seem a good idea , but if an employer gets both a real application and an anonymous one , wo n't they think the anonymous one has ` something to hide ' ? 
  plus a cv is a cv * because * it is personal , surely . 
  this does n't seem a fantastic idea . 
   really , it would probably affect the development of countries east of the land bridge more , at least from a naval trade perspective . 
  good point , while for dutch trade for example the east-sea trade was seen as the ` mother ' trade , having to go around britain in order to trade to the south would be dicky at best . 
  yeah , but i think he 's saying they do n't need a new staging post . 
  with connections here and there and everywhere ( like a gremlin from the kremlin ) they can easily get some poor fool somewhere in a western country , stuff his bloomers full of grenades and have him go boom even without new staging posts . 
  it 's more probably simply a consolidation of local authority for them , it matters little for their range into the eu , i 'm thinking . 
  that 's probably true . 
  at least partially , though i suppose that a more-or-less complete seclusion would be completed quite early on , and would thereafter be kept up relatively cheaply , still leaving sixteenth , seventeenth , eightteenth century britain sufficient financial leeway for quite some fleet-building . 
  eh , a small land bridge ? 
  still makes england more or less secluded from the rest ; they just fortify the bridge , turn it into a choke point . 
  this conversation was so cute i want to squeeze you both on the cheek and call you rascals . 
  lol , no , it is n't true . 
  it 's a collection of insults , failures , fallacies and sheer mistakes hammered together and presented as an argument . 
  for fuck 's sake why does this shit get upvotes ? 
  thanks . 
  not sure if i 'd even call the peninsular war a fair fight ; the ` natives ' in spain and portugal employed a lot guerilla-like tactics , did n't they ? 
  noooooooooooo . 
   the norman lords adopted the way of life of the native gaelic chiefs . 
  given that the normans were landholders while the gaels concerned themselves far more with the people ; i doubt it . 
  it actually says that right beneath the picture . 
   the normans became essentially irish themselves . 
  i was under the impression the normans on eire remained in contact with the normans on england , and that the normans in both locations intermarried mainly with each other , and to a lesser extent to the ` native ' irish and english populations , but also that they kept as a more-or-less separate landholder class ? 
   '' more irish than the irish themselves '' is a phrase you often hear . 
  like i said , not-natively anglophone ; i have never heard that phrase . 
  :p  ireland had to be reconquered long after that . 
  you 're right , i did n't think of this when i made the previous post ; there has indeed been plenty of struggle between the ( somewhat ) normanized irish and the ( somewhat ) normanized english . 
  especially when , of course , both normanized gentries became more and more ` native ' , if still somewhat distinct from the poorer . 
  it was blatantly obvious that you were joking , dude . 
   hoooooooly shit ... i hope you 're kidding ... of course he 's kidding , you fuck . 
   to be fair , austria-hungary broke up before irish independence it also broke up before al-qaeda existed , yet it 's there in the balkans . 
  as not-natively anglophone but wannabe historian , both those positions seem thoroughly flawed . 
  ireland can not be seen as the same type of colony as britain later would make as those were actually british ( or english ) ; ireland was colonized starting way back in the eleventh and twelfth centuries . 
  more norman/anglo-norman than british . 
  good , then you have some skill in languages . 
  i 'm a student in zwolle . 
  :p did my havo in leeuwarden , but did n't live there . 
  i did n't really have a question , to be honest , it just does n't appeal to me . 
  i must say i had n't tought of what would happen with the bananas that do not conform to the set standard . 
  i assumed they would simply not be imported , but the link did mention bananas produced within the eu as well . 
   in this case , would n't it be better to let the customer decide what constitutes a nice banana ? 
  well , yes , but on the other hand ; they can only do so when there is sufficient variation in terms of banana-quality . 
   alexanders major impact in greece happened after his death and when the romans came . 
  not sure . 
  the greek city states seemed to continue bickering before alexander , during alexander 's time ( demosthenes , etc ) , and after alexander . 
  who were the first to revolt when alexander died , for example ? 
   when the romans came the greek city-states finally brought an end to thousands of years of bickering and petty wars and finally realized that they were a single people who had to stick together . 
   the romans did alot of good for greece actually , they treated greece as a brother country and allowed many freedoms and an end to civil war that was destroying greece . 
  i entirely agree with this , though rome did have some feelings of superiority even towards those whose culture they admired . 
  sparta , for example , turned more or less into a reserve where the wealthy romans could look at the once-great power .
