  i just watched a qi ( journalism , i think , not sure ) yesterday that suggested she was indeed not at all pleased . 
  as in , slapped him after the picture was taken . 
  as the neat-ass rows in the picture suggest . 
  my it looks lovely though . 
  feel * :p, 
  pluuuuss ` micro ' breweries are , as suggested by the name , rather less popular , less often drunk , and less often mentioned , and less often * known * . 
  'cause it 's partially a matter of being raised to hold it . 
  were i born an irishman in an irish family near derry it seems likely said peeve would be taught me . 
  interesting , much obliged, 
  ^ you ^ killed ^ my ^ father , ^ prepare ^ to ^ die . 
   wow what a load of crap . 
  stop presenting this like germany `` died for our sins '' : yeah , right , selfless germany did it to control russia blah blah , sure , sure . 
  the second part `` i dont understand ... like wtf '' is a load of crap , sure . 
  but the first part seems a decent argument . 
  i studied in maastricht for a while , only my room was n't in metropolis lanaken but in veldwezelt , in the lanaken municipality . 
  see , i knew that . 
  i read about the feegles . 
  then also imagine the normans having left some people good at making children in rouenterbury . 
  bugger the compromise , tbh . 
  imagine if the normans landing in england later decided that canterbury was to become rouenterbury . 
  only then also imagine they ` left ' the country and four hundred years later it 's still rouenterbury . 
  eh , i 'm not sure i would n't hold that peeve . 
   trust me , dutch people can not understand german . 
  they can . 
  just not very well usually . 
  before i 've read more than the title interesting as fuck . 
  also frisian and english are nominally from the same western-germanic branch and dutch & german are sisters . 
  i can do four-ish , and in three others i can say i do n't speak it . 
  denmark is practically dutch already , only they 're too decent in bike traffic and switch the sounds for ` a ' and ` e ' . 
  do my mugs counts cups ? 
  because even then , three or four ` cups ' . 
  also often smaller ones at schhol . 
  would certainly still strain european relationships with tunisia , though . 
  and that is indeed a bit of a pipedream . 
  fair enough . 
  sure they exist though they 'd generally be fairly rare , presumably . 
  possibly . 
  i actually had but forgot , so sucked into the debate i was . 
  edit after a refresher ; perhaps mare nostrum in this sense can remain . 
  only with the saviour-ships not bringing them to where they want but where they came from . 
  well not quite of course , but n-afr coast . 
  blonde romans and greeks ? 
  now i get the impression we 're actually thinking along the same lines . 
   the best we can do is make deals with north african countries to stop the boats before they get into international waters . 
  probably . 
  perhaps additionally convincing those-who-might-go-north that north africa is as north as it gets . 
  but there too lies the rub ; how the fuck to do that ? 
  and additionally , how could n-africa actually take in all those people what with some volatility still present in many of its governments . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean with mare nostrum though ; our sea , sure , but our sea what ? 
  i fear that at most that is a short term solution which would , at gigantic cost ( good luck there italy ! ), 
  have to be repeat ad infitam . 
  but what could the long term solution be ? 
  preferably within eu or european influence to attain . 
  `` illegal '' does n't disqualify ` migrant ' does it ? 
  i mean , yeah , there are preferable kinds of migrants but they 're migrating whether we like it or not . 
  seems a bit odd to take umbrage with a rather accurate term in lieu of the actual issue . 
   how about we help out africa so this shit stops happening ? 
  i often try to think of this , but i 'm unsure how eu or citizens thereof should contribute to stabilizing a continent they do n't live on and rarely set foot on . 
   you do n't i do . 
  got a renting-contract and everything for this room in this building on this street in this city ( ahem ) in this province in this country in this union in this europe in this world !, 
  it 's almost magical how the mantra of ` its not our problem ' makes them think it 's actually not our problem . 
  while tunisia would probably not declare war , i do n't think savanna 's concerns are so peculiar ; tunisia would n't like it * one bit . 
  * and it is very much a violation of their national sovereignty . 
  of course it 's not the world 's nurse , but these people are literally * coming here . 
  * if we do n't want them to , we have to make sure they do n't . 
  not anyone else . 
  europe has to do this because there are two groups involved in this , and only one of them actually has a problem with this . 
  and that is us . 
  europe . 
  why would the other group who has no problem with this migration even attempt to put a stop to it ? 
  why would they waste their resources such as they are for a problem we 're getting ? 
   why would we enable it ? 
  have i said , once , so far in this conversation that we should ? 
  i do n't think i have . 
  i merely said that it is our problem to solve , not that of the african nations , because those nations literally have no problem with it . 
  because they 're literally coming here ? 
  they do n't disappear and are called back to the mortal plane by ` caring ' ; they 're live friggin human beings . 
  if their home countries do n't mind them leaving , why would they prevent it ? 
   let them take care of them . 
  preferably , yes . 
  but those coutnries either ca n't or wo n't so it 's our problem . 
   the eu should stop spending money on any of this and simply wait at the coast to collect anyone who makes , and then return them to the beaches of africa . 
  if that is at all feasible , sure !, 
  which is an eu solution , not an au one . 
  :p also , would still cost money . 
  probably more than the southern european nations would like to carry on their own , and also fairly unlikely to receive sufficient support from many other european nations . 
  yeah , long term that would be nice . 
  but until that 's all sorted , well , it 's our problem . 
  we do n't want those guys here , and the countries they leave probably do n't have much incentive , reason or possibility to stop them from leaving . 
  our problem , no matter how much we may wish it was n't . 
   ask the african union what they are doing about it ? 
  nothing . 
  why would they care ? 
  why would they want to stop it ? 
  because it inconveniences us ? 
  tbh , it probably is europe 's responsibility . 
  we are the ones with the main problem with this . 
  seems to me that it is then we who should solve said problem satisfactorily . 
  imagine cycling up it ) : <, 
  history is , by its very essence , unrepeatable .
