  persians did well with a multinational army and a massive empire before alexander went alexandering at them . 
  and saladin purportedly also drew warriors from whereever he could get them with basically three cores to his cavalry ; turk and turkic horse archers , arab cavalry and kurdish cavalry . 
  ooh , and what did saladin fight ? 
  oh right , the fucking crusades . 
  biggest multi-national war effort of the era . 
  fairy nuff . 
  i went a bit overboard with naming the chap . 
  and the world should stop pretending belgium is a country , for that matter . 
  to be honest a few days ago i had a revelation . 
  those britons who are funny for a living have all the humour in britain . 
  those who do n't do humour for a living are massively unfunny . 
  george double-yoooou bush . 
  george walker bush . 
  george w. bush . 
  while i agree wholeheartedly with your post , i still think it 's a dumb quote . 
  it 's been taken down , but i definitely appreciate the thought . 
  you could try discussing what he says rather than being snide at him . 
  no-one * ever * loses the right to be tried fairly . 
  if that does happen and is allowed to happen what is even the fucking point of a judicial system ? 
  i know , and i agree . 
  they should n't ignore the voice . 
  i 'm just saying that the ones who did the ignoring tended to be national governments , surely ? 
  but frankly , is n't that decision of the national government ? 
  like nope we do n't accept the referendum . 
  wait , you 're not suggesting the eu forbids a british referendum , are you ? 
  aw , here i thought `` hey that word sort of looks like chicago '' . 
  can not into slavic :( thanks though . 
  does ` zwiazkowy ' mean ` of chicago ' ? 
  youtube . 
  but you 're right , you probably should n't click it . 
  he does n't save british children . 
  not bad . 
  but i was more thinking that 2k per 5 year is more than enough to keep a bike in decent condition . 
  [ multiple dicks = cool as shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbrom1rz8oa&amp;feature=kp ), 
  by the red dot in russia i assumed it was an ikea * in russia . 
  yes , it 's called ` civilized world ' :p, 
  limerickians can do that themselves ? 
  sauron got some good architects in . 
  crybaby crying like a baby about a hivemind . 
  how about making a real response instead of just weeping at the injustice of the oppressive / r/europe community, 
  latin . 
  oh that 's fabulous . 
  i * love it . 
  fair enough , just seems to me that those who do know to ask for their brand . 
       russia became 10th country in the world where displaying cigarettes in shops is prohibited     . 
  if you want to buy a pack you 'll have to ask for a printed catalog where all cigarettes are listed in alphabetical order ; not just ; `` do you have * brand of cigarettes * ? '', 
  would n't that mean they would n't be on the electoral roll ? 
  they 're not talking about the countries themselves , but about eu-wide policies . 
  and if an eu citizen lives in a different country than he was born in but gets refused the vote he would have gotten at home , then his vote has effectively been stolen . 
  i think it was the ` vienna ' subset on your link though . 
  i 've seen a building called ` seaview ' or something like that there . 
  see , would n't you just punch those kinda guys ? 
  oh , did n't know that . 
  i thought it was caffeine and sugar doing that . 
  ( or taurine , lol ), 
  energy drinks probably have a lot more sugary shit than coffee does , though , and that also makes people energetic and less sleepy . 
  well erdogan has been banned from / r/frisia see how he likes it . 
  the beginning ? 
  i thought his problems had long begun . 
  the netherlands seems to have gained weight . 
  get rid of that fuck asap , they do n't get to loot anyone 's private accounts . 
  taxes are different from targeted pillage . 
   the buf were founded a year before the first superman comic was released so ... oh . 
  did n't know that , but does n't change much . 
  did n't know that about mm and the bowie either but does n't surprise me , the colour combination is fairly striking . 
  oh probably true , but i thought this sort of show was more for amateur chefs , and presumably they 'd - in some measure - make local/regional/national dishes . 
  i so knew what that was before i opened it . 
   i was pretty bad ... you were there ? 
  wow, 
  sounds interesting , to the wiki-mobile !, 
  what 's his face , oswald mmmmoseley i think it 's written . 
  his british nazi party . 
  i 'd bar italians from entering . 
  y' all would win every time . 
  bloody scotsmen ruined russia as well i see . 
  i 've never noticed that thing ( bear cub ? ), 
  in its patch of grass before . 
  the british one is always amusing imo , it looks like it could be a b-grade superhero logo . 
  [ pope music !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhrdfut2vx0 ), 
  lolderland, 
  there 's a reward for hosting ? 
  sad , imo . 
  oh bother . 
  i thought that 's a robin, 
  yeah but ` alle v\u00f6llker ' would be ` all peoples ' so that 's not what mododo meant :p, 
  i see , thanks . 
  what dilemma is this ? 
  eh , sort of , sotof , but that 's not what i thought about . 
   elimination of private interests from politics and economy , maybe i misinterpreted this as `` a business company is not a person and has no vote as a person would '' . 
  but that said , the first bit ( starting with `` socialism does * not * '' is a different approach from what i 'd most quickly consider socialism . 
  that looks like ` democracy ' rather than ` socialism ' to me . 
  do n't embarass yourself . 
  the country has been ` round far longer than the state . 
  hatete ? 
  aha , she 's a woman !, 
  blame everything on her period ahaha so clever hahah, 
  well , hardly . 
  field of kale with a garden hose, 
  czech me out , czechya apperantly .
