  edit ; http://25.media.tumblr.com/dd90dcb9da12ea144b6e5b0018e78a3d/tumblr_mineev7px61rw1wnno1_400.gif, 
  let 's make it so , friend . 
  i 'd love it if `` love '' or `` smile '' or `` friends '' might pop up in coffeh 's next monthly installment of what is surely to become tradition . 
  in fact , i 'd smile . 
   which is just silly . 
  but unfortunately par for the course . 
  the shirt i agree with , the name not so much . 
  ` jihad ' just means * struggle * or some shiz , it 's not necessarily violent . 
  though calling your child born on 11 september that , knowing full well that a lot of people will not realize or respect the distinction , is not quite the move of a mastermind . 
  i had some [ kibbeling ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/kibbeling ) together with some stir-fried vegetables . 
  though i did n't really fry those or anything , more almost-heating them . 
  tasty nonetheless . 
  and add  ps : no , you ca n't call your flag ` the red , white and blue ' either . 
  more reminiscent of gb colonies ' flags with the ickle union flag in the first quarter , imo . 
  you 're making it too wrong . 
  burr , no . 
  it does not repeat itself . 
  similar situations arise , sure , due to similar circumstance even , but no . 
  history can not , by it 's very nature , repeat itself . 
  could 've copied it from walaska 's touch\u00e9 . 
  ( also , does apostrophe + e not work ? ), 
  no it does n't . 
  never did , never will . 
  history is non-repeatable . 
  it 's not a turntable , dangnabbit . 
  this is somehow adorable . 
  so fucking cute . 
  i dunno , firing someone for incompetence does not sound unreasonable . 
  an e-acquaintance of mine once mentioned their history teacher thought the battle of waterloo was a naval battle . 
  this seems about the same level . 
  only if best = stupidest . 
  i realized later , i misinterpreted originally . 
  good call . 
  just holland , or the rest of the netherlands as well ? 
  if he teaches , at professor-level , history , it might not be entirely the right choice to ignore them . 
  were we clear on that ? 
  i mean , sure i can understand some distaste to self-nomination , but is n't pretty much any irl politician self-nominated as well ? 
  not sure if paultard , but quite libertarian , sure , which is what makes him interesting to be honest . 
  he presents those arguments a spot mroe reasonable than a genuine certified paultard would , plus he can be quite amusing , imo . 
  ca n't say i interpreted 1 like that . 
  i said no not because i mind british moderators but because i do n't necessarily prefer british mods over other ( civilized ) moderators . 
  wait , i was nominated ? 
  also , wait , why should there be more british moderators ? 
  why is that a pertinent question ? 
  this is n't / r/britain . 
  so , no and no . 
  i prefer those nominated by other posters of the subreddit . 
  though frankly , i do not mind if the moderators choose someone who was not community-nominated to help them . 
  moderators are , after all , still a part of the community , and then to know a bit more about actual moderating . 
  edit ; also , i approve of this thread , discussing results is peachy . 
  open door much ? 
  and the rolling around in money , showering it over his head . 
  read that as ` illegal tiewrap ' . 
  you must be joking , right ? 
  that has nothing to do with what i said . 
  he was blaming the entire country america , and you pretend to be personally attacked , even though he was on about the country . 
  i think now is a better to time to remind you that he said ` america ' not ` every single individual american . ', 
  as a country , you guys pull some shit . 
  does n't matter what your individual opinions are . 
  should be something white in between . 
  so it 's red-white-red . 
  like your flag-flair . 
  lately i usually have a small cup of muesli with some milk . 
  nothing to do with being late , though . 
  before that it was usually other cereals or a bread-breakfast . 
  usually accompanied by glorious moo-juice . 
  also , i like coffee well enough , even the instant coffee i have since my coffee machine broke down , but i do n't usually drink it for breakfast . 
  perhaps because i invariably use large mugs , and i recall a period of my life in which i 'd have a large bowl of cereal ( cocoa puffs-sort of ) and a large mug of tea for breakfast . 
  always followed by a terrible fifteen minutes on the shitter . 
  heh , my surname is so dead common it does n't really matter to who i say it . 
  mention of ukip always makes me laugh . 
  hehe . 
  chickens . 
  i ca n't stand the massive amount of useless bastards posting this sort of shit in / r/europe . 
  also , for some reason i only got this message in my inbox just now , five days late . 
  good day sah . 
  double barreled surname or did you just give your first name as well ? 
  does it matter ? 
  i mean , surely ( party ) policies are the point , not how popular she is as a person , and certainly not her gender . 
  it is ` apotheek ' in dutch as well . 
  i did n't even noticed the mistake until lurkersgonnalurk mentioned it . 
  plus you got to give the buggers a chance to drink real beer . 
  interesting . 
  lineage still roughly corresponds to ` family ' does n't it ? 
  or is it a wider concept like ` dynasty ' perhaps ? 
  i see . 
  the difference is then in the ( possible ) difference between dutch and latvian pronunciation of 's ' ? 
  no idea how familiar you are with the ipa method of writing pronuciation , but wiki says it 's ` pronunciation dutch : [ d\u0259 \u02c8vris ] ', 
  keep monti . 
  it amuses several of my friends that italy is presided over by a mario . 
  ` family ' and ` personal ' name , i suppose ? 
  how would you translate non-lat names which already end with an s ? 
   like mine ; de vries ? 
  and we did . 
  i do n't really know how i meant what i said earlier . 
  :p but the example i had in mind was someone with a high position in a housing cooperation ( vestia ) had a very high salary but also did some other shiz . 
  to be honest i was n't really paying attention all that much but there was a minor kerfuffle regarding someone there . 
  large amount of zeroes . 
  the japcrap picture is acceptable , the pony , however , is unforgivable . 
  i can dig that .
