  the chairs and living room in general are fucking eerie though . 
  nice poll , man, 
  that 's nothing . 
  i forgot to buy coffee . 
  only slightly suprural, 
  mock the week is completely hilarious, 
  i know i 've seen have i got news for you on telly ; used to watch it with mom and brothers . 
  bit later on i think qi as well . 
  on youtube i 've seen a lot of qi and mock the week too . 
  and panel shows, 
  i ca n't think of a good joke pointing out that we use ` chips ' for those potato slices in bags . 
  both are more awesome on their own . 
  haha !, 
  i misread ` angeschreien ' first which almost made me google ` h\u00f6lle ' but when i realized that it said angeschreien , :d, 
  that 's rich coming from tartarus ah fuggetaboutit, 
  that 's rich coming from the uk :p, 
  wow 1986 was a good year for hitmen, 
  also needs more frisians . 
  we 're relevant , dammit . 
  yeah , but that 's part of why i just do n't believe that piece of ficiton . 
  tbh would n't orange bleach into yellow rather than red, 
  selfies with luxemburg would be easier . 
  it 's a squeaky shitbird, 
  bob from bob 's burgers, 
  ooohohohoh i thought the girl said ` mocht mi gonz wuild ' . 
  i 'm sort of starting with the basics of familiarizing myself with the north-germanic ones . 
  :p french is really just a petit peu . 
  why did he say that to you ? 
  bilingual ? 
  setting the bar low here . 
  then that makes one of us !, 
   the welsh have their own word for `` fool '' which is `` ffwl '' . 
  ooh hello is that where english got ` fool ' from ? 
  edit , no from french , judging by ` tom le fol ' mentioned earlier, 
  happens almost exactly as often as a brit commenting on germans not having a sense of humour . 
  ... and you 're just glad the hooker had no teeth ? 
  assholes ? 
  despite our lovingly created ` little serbia ' in the hague ? 
  yeah but it sounds easier than finding someone who 's trained in both maltese and finnish, 
  fairy nuff, 
  is n't `` my friends '' ` mes amis ' ? 
  qi sez he was n't in it when it was stormed, 
  it 's not the first of august yet ; o, 
  * ** i cry because i am a monolingual anglophone and people speaking foreign make me uneasy . 
  was there a debate on holyshitwhysomanyquestionmarks ? 
  tbh , i pick both . 
  askhistorians seems to get away with it . 
  not news source , obviously , but absolutely dicsussion . 
  wait up . 
  so it 's both a choice and a disease ? 
  someone is n't being entirely logical . 
  hix , fellas . 
  news also in : productivity plummeted due to friggin heat . 
  ` meuren ' is a verb for ` to stink ' in dutch . 
  to stink badly . 
  as if deodorant would help . 
  is n't excacerbating like opposite of moderating ? 
  now that 's just silly . 
  i think your comment is most annoying so there, 
  i can honestly only see two tiny mistakes in his english in 'm \u00e9gathread ' and in ` informations ' . 
  especially the last one seems a handwritten mistake rather than ` google translate ' . 
  not really a circlejerk . 
  and imo not half as annoying as the people crying about it . 
  seems barely relevant, 
  uggggh, 
  surely they should be picked up at the seashore, 
  biiiitch, 
  which is barely forcing to read . 
  and someone using both french and english is by default not forcing either . 
  sick of french arrogance ? 
  and you have the gall to call someone using their own language arrogant ? 
  no fuck you . 
  your bullshit is to blame for that . 
  literally all he does is write in two languages , why the fuck does anyone make a problem ? 
  nope i live to the west and to the north of maastricht, 
  but the alps are mid-africa, 
  what border ? 
  i live in zwolle . 
  is it though ? 
  is it really ? 
  my bad . 
  everything east of maastricht is also asia, 
  it just looks like a slab of goop, 
  my freezer does n't even keep them frozen so if i buy them i have to eat and/or drink all of them in a few days, 
  the title is a link, 
  ` das ' in dutch refers to badgers and to neckties . 
  tbf that would be a good idea, 
  africa begins south of maastricht, 
  the jokes themselves are usually simple and a clever wordplay . 
  i like that . 
  i severely dislike the term ` dad jokes ' . 
  actually by implying the dreadful un-humour bullshit reddit pisspot crap ` dad humour ' you upset me even more . 
  i will set fire to your shoes . 
  nobody does except five guys on reddit, 
  no this is not a dad joke . 
  this is my disgust at pointless hashtags, 
  where is #lithuania ? 
  is near lithuania ? 
  all of western europe complains a lot i get the idea, 
  really ?
