  lol , what about tanks ? 
  long range missile launchers ? 
  do n't , they lack daylight already , you might kill them . 
  i guess they 've decided europeans just do n't move there , even though they tend to have the best means to do so . 
  possibly , but those are also quite in the position to move there themselves , yet seemingly unwilling . 
  perhaps that 's why they 've been skipped . 
  interpretation of data is still a bicky trusiness , though , i guess . 
  not entirely , no , i guess , but by accounting for many different source the heaviest bias can be , sort of , pushed aside ; this is what this fellow said , but this chappy here said this , lets look at what might have been found from the area itself ; etc. 
  not sure how particularly important longbowmen would have been in a general overview of history . 
  or for that matter , j d'arc ; i mean , mentioning her adds some fluff and depth perhaps , but is that relevant for the hungarian student of history ? 
  as in-between the ` vikings ' and the spanish i would just plod on outside and say ` hi ' but continue plodding to whatever destination . 
  that might mean he 's irish instead , dummy . 
  most my recent training has been zwolle-based and amsterdamly-wise , but sure periphery , kay . 
  pft . 
  eating happens all the time and i do n't see how anyone should object unless it 's particularly fragrant . 
  for one . 
  i mean , i agree with the taking up more than one seat , but the rest is a bit overmuch . 
  lol . 
  i do , but i 've only rode on trams like five times . 
  and i greet bus drivers pretty much always , also when leaving , even if i just beep the card at a machine . 
  not by the eu , apparently . 
   what does n't kill you makes you stronger ? 
  i 've never liked this naieve-ass quote . 
  i thought that in a previous thread about similar scaremongering the article was denounced as bullshit . 
  there is no cinnamon ban , only a few types of extra-unhealthy shit was getting restricted . 
  hey !, 
  ah , the nice brits all went to perf ? 
  moscow + boo , a giant miniature space hamster in the possession of the great ranger minsc . 
  minsk and mosboo stand ready !, 
  heh , indeed . 
  scurvy . 
  exact . 
  edit ; oops , answered twice . 
  :p also him , yeah . 
  but not with that many , like twelve or so . 
  i picked the one i had most upvotes on . 
  i get your reference and answer thus :  : c, 
  i thought it said ` honi soit ' etc. 
  aww < 3, 
  that 's it , you ca n't join us no mo. 
  imagine ? 
  ahh , how many languages . 
  bildts i speak , but it 's not a language and i hardly write it . 
  so i guess that makes three . 
  i think you 're right . 
  a full time job may well be a minimum of hours , but full time studying is usually a certain form of education . 
  so you can be full-time student and part-time work . 
  ronly slightly . 
  yes , is cheap tank !, 
  belonged to little old lady , only drove it on saturdays to go to the shops . 
  try / r/conservative or / r/libertarian or / r/justiceporn instead . 
  ruh-roh who 's surprised ? 
  guy in front has an ear on his forehead . 
  personal responsibility , 's my guess . 
  sue him for stealing your credit . 
  but taenk , you are the drunk foreigner :o, 
  i know right , i drink mine usually black and sometimes with sugar or honey ( latter two especially for instant coffee ) , but i got offered a cup of coffee just now and it had milk in it . 
  it 's just not * right * . 
  enjoy your earl grey-flavoured milkshake . 
  yes . 
  reminds me of a recent politican tweeting about the death of mandela as it being a shame the chief ` piet ' has died . 
  bad , bad move . 
  just plink one nuke off to buenos aires , see how bueno the air still is afterwards , if the argies try anything . 
  too much , all of it , at home . 
  i often cook stuff myself , but they 're not gastronomical miracles . 
  do not buy from farmer next door , do not cultivate own , lately i 've bought semi-organic chicken mainly . 
  the organic is too fucking expensive and the non-organic is just lumps of watery goo . 
  ca n't rely on cams either , is it even probable to be able to rely on a single politician ? 
  doubt it . 
  lol freedom of press . 
  ah , of course . 
  i forgot that the insular celtic languages also branched off quite distinctly . 
  they 're not both in a celtic cognate to west-germanic , but rather one might be cognate to a west-germanic language and the other to a north ( or east ) one . 
  but they must be closely related , surely ? 
  unless i have the developement of the indo-european language tree all wrong in me head . 
  i presume it would look similar ( but different ! ), 
  from the irish one . 
  more different than german/dutch comparisons would be , but similar enough to make them seem related . 
  i knew , i happened to just have read something about the welsh form for the nl , and assumed the irish one was similar . 
  but in that post i mainly meant looks . 
  pretty close though , ` phortaing\u00edl ' is far closer to ` portugal ' than ` an \u00cdsiltir ' is to ` nederland ' :p, 
  i get the downvotes ( saturation ) but the irish one is actually pretty interesting !, 
  now we have a finno-ugric one , a romance one , a celtic one , and we basically all know a germanic one anyway . 
  i 'd like to see just * one * more of these threads ; a slavic one . 
  i thought ` little brittain ' was bretagne in france . 
  how is that an arugment ? 
  i 've always written both the guilder-f and the euro - $ in front of everything . 
  imo , we should n't look to mine it ; colonize it !, 
  glorious great intergalactic european federunion !, 
  probably is somewhat local ( though ` de vries ' is a known surname all over the country ) , you 're right that demonyms as surname is quite rare . 
  mind you there is a ` hollands volkszanger frans duijts ' about , which quite amuses me . 
  angles and saxons were separate tribes . 
  :p anglo-saxons were never ` one tribe ' until the lot united as ` english ' , iirc . 
  ` de vries ' is like third most common surname in the netherlands and refers to frisians . 
  lol , nee . 
  waaaaa, 
       amsterdam ( strangers selling good drugs ) you do n't just buy them off the streets , i hope ? 
  oh just fuck off , you 're not amusing anymore . 
  you just missed it in 2000 . 
  but seriously where do you get off calling me childish when you have no idea about the context but assume `` oh must be this one i do n't like '',
