  they 're hardly going to send naked infantrymen without certain support . 
  never said they 'd stay there all the time . 
  i 'd guess that they 'd probably land as far away from all that as they can , though , if they go there . 
  quite a while probably , until the actual armed forces make a coherent response . 
  no i was n't . 
  ah yes , god save the queen from drowning in a soup turreen . 
  my keyboard has ` and '' on the bame sutton . 
  only 'cause they lack a coast . 
  wimlex would be part of the tri-husbandoid . 
  europe : abbreviated . 
  europe : only the good parts . 
  the ones that are n't raised with this , clearly superior , language seem to take it as a point of pride that they ca n't understand ` dat rare taaltje ' . 
  it is no true inability , of course . 
  pope gets two swords this time ? 
  the poperor . 
  hm , thanks . 
  do n't children-of-immigrants usually have about as many children as the native average ? 
  and bingo was his name-o, 
  i 'm not sure how eurobonds would work , maybe in a buy-in sort of way ? 
  that ca n't be right , they look like people !, 
  poor giants and their flimsy necks :(, 
  cutting a head off by throwing a sword ? 
  hollywood would be proud . 
  my room 8 ) no it 's mess . 
  ooh abstract thinking ; how 's this . 
  the nazis defeat all others , turn ludicrously staggering amounts of people into candles and try to regain some peace . 
  aaaand everyone rebels and the nazi 's lose all their holdings including eventually germany itself . 
  empire building is in and of itself not an excercise is world peace ; all the conquered peoples will resent the conqueror and will at some point try to throw off their yoke . 
  i thought jokes were supposed to be funny :p, 
  uh not at all, 
  fried ... soda ? 
  ah but do you have salmiakki lolllipops ? 
  they 're to trick children you hate . 
  first you steal our flag to add a checkers board and now you steal our food !, 
  sounds fun, 
   sniggering sracist, 
  oh i had n't seen that one , i just looked at the qi part to get the spelling right . 
  gasp how could i !, 
  for that matter d\u00famkes and oranjekoeke as well . 
  i think it 's been done from distance already . 
  coddle sounds like a form of hugging . 
  :o the stew sounds nice but not very unique . 
  ooh , do you know anything irish-special ? 
  ( except guinness :p ), 
  now there 's a way to wake up . 
  * please *, 
  [ poffertjes !, 
  ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/poffertjes#mediaviewer/bestand:poffertjes_001.jpg ) [ oliebollen ! ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliebol#mediaviewer/bestand:oliebollen.jpg ) . 
  stuff to make you all bibendum for winter . 
  and nonya foreigners do pancakes properly . 
  flattened potatoes and emulsified high-fat offal tubes , yep . 
  that explains my migraines . 
  i ca n't not read this without thinking of the pirates in ast\u00e9rix . 
  that is great, 
  more like this is what happens when people are constantly fear mongering about evil evil foreigners and then sit on their asses waiting for people to get angry enough to be dumb enough to vote again for them . 
  add to that , wait like five minutes before they 're clawing at each other . 
  this . 
  was . 
  do n't blame `` pc scum '' for the actions of fucking murderers , you plank . 
   robben was on fire . 
  fairly sure that 's against fifa rules . 
  least 't was n't a drone, 
  reminds that one of the best burgers i ever had was at an ` irish ' pub-thing here in the nl . 
  ah yes , right that 's it . 
  i knew about constituencies to some extent , and majority-coalitions are dead common and fully necessary here too , i just never realized that it was basically always the person on no1 of the list for you guys . 
  oh you guys ca n't do that preferential vote thing where you cross a name rather than the entire party ? 
       its people who lack basic self control . 
  ... sounds like an addiction to me . 
  now to get them to stop fortifying our beaches . 
  and give the danes their traffic signs back . 
  now ` our boys ' will have to hope tommy and jerry can keep their pissing matches football-only . 
  hold your zebras here , just the mention of ` english breakfast ' sets my arteries a-clanging . 
  besides that , is n't ` disability as result of/related to addiction ' quite possible ? 
  and it 's all true :3, 
  fluke mutation in britonic gen causes the victim to acquire taste buds , it seems . 
  ah , a hydra of corruption and nepotism . 
  web of trust seems to regard it as trustworthy . 
  are you completely out of your tiny mind ? 
  chindows . 
  stop this . 
  fucking hope not . 
  of all the childish bullshit this sub already gets infested with you want to target a single user as the big bad bogeyman ? 
  alas , you are the bogeyman now . 
  it was n't an airstrike . 
  it was stopfake itself !, 
  i see . 
  i hope i somewhat clarified things . 
  i 'm from dutch frysl\u00e2n and assumed you were talking about that . 
  eh , what wiki pages use frieslander ? 
  i can almost expect that term for the horse , but even that is usually called fri ( e ) sian afaik . 
  i 've never heard of frieslander used in english ( or in dutch ) so i 'd just go with ` frisian ' :p, 
  because of poor comparisons ? 
  that 's enlightening . 
  i never knew that context as usually it 's just trotted out without the context . 
  no he 's not . 
  savanna is mostly kind and i 've never seen him lie . 
  i 've disagreed with him at times , but those are different * opinions . 
  well assumed . 
       thinking that multinational armies work they have worked . 
  rather often .
