  almost , they 're proposals of fairly sensible laws ; the outraged typically simply do n't quite see the intended benefits . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  makes sense too , as i 'd arrived to the conclusion mself that knowing more than one language also gives more insight in each of the separate known languages . 
  ( especially when they 're closely related , i think . ), 
  which is merely a quality standard , nothing worth whining about . 
  what public outcry ? 
  croatia and france look cool , that little french owl makes me smile especially . 
   horst is used in germany as well ( horst wessel for example ) . 
  i realized , that 's why i said horst . 
  :p never heard of an ulkje , but the rest is quite familiar to me , yeah . 
  hm , fair enough . 
  odd . 
  i never noticed that , but i really resent the implication of [ deleted ] post up there that there 's some sort of conspiracy . 
  sure , but i 'm calling it a stereotype because it 's rather naieve to think or pretend that it 's always the same , always perfect . 
  bloody immigrants coming to live on our welfare and to take our jobs  : u, 
  you lost my upboat at `` and holland is a p. . . etc '' lie . 
  i guess you 'll have to face the fact that you wo n't get those . 
  what 's happening is that reuters apparently carried a stereotype . 
  that one is used up here as well . 
  :d only often as ` adriaan ' ( male ) and adriaantje ( diminutive of adriaan , but it looks a lot like adriana ) :p, 
  lol , iwan . 
  how is llion pronounced ? 
  like jion or something or more like lion ? 
  ( rawr ) . 
  that 's andrea-s - which is far more common outside greece and italy as a male name as well . 
  :p seals referred to ` andrea ' specifically . 
  which would in dutch be used for girls mainly . 
  scrooge ( mc ) duck is named dagobert in dutch . 
  and there 's been a frankish king withthat name . 
  also , the netherlands abounds with inges and ingrids ( and ingeborgs , but that 's far mroe rare . ), 
  nordic is a subset of germanic , really , so if something is nordic it 's germanic as well . 
  most surnames ending in - ma or - stra are also of frisian origin . 
  and ` de vries ' of course . 
  boyfriend of a niece of mine is named mats . 
  yep , as in dutch . 
  sort of . 
  it must be , yeah . 
  bildts as well . 
  especially hidde and femke are rather common outside frysl\u00e2n as well . 
  that is quite a funny term yeah , i 'd heard of it too , but mostly from ` real ' germans strongly condemning bavarians . 
  kewl , interesting . 
  in my `` was n't entirely sure ... '' post i was actually going to ask if it was mainly a northern german thing , apparently it is !, 
  or was !, 
  yeah , i specified because it 's quite unclear in frisian as well . 
  names with * ske * and * kje * are often feminine names ( often diminutives of male names !!, 
  ) ; jitske , fetsje , jantsje ( three previous were actually elementary school teachers for me , ech ) , eelkje , etc. 
  but there 's no clear rule of thumb ; marieke is a feminine name ( dutch as well as frisian , maybe from dutch ) , but hielke is masculine . 
  hm , jan ? 
  strange , i 'd have assumed it 'd developed cognate to dutch jan from johan - johannes . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  hilversum is a town near utrecht , it 's where by far most of dutch tv-show-production is based and it 's a relatively rich and posh town in itself as well . 
  the type of silly sausage capable of referring to frysl\u00e2n as being ` het hoge noorden ' ( the high north ) comes from here . 
  i should 've thought of that last one ; i know an eelke , an eelco and an eelkje ( last one is feminine name ) simply from my home village ( okay eelke actually from another one , but same elementary school . ), 
  hauke is n't really anything here anymore though bauke and jouke are . 
  and horst might actually be a ` dutch ' name as well . 
  close enough if you ask ` hilversum ' . 
  ah , i was n't entirely sure about its use in germany . 
  about yann , i think the celtic and germanic forms are merely different versions stemming from a similar root , but i ca n't momentarily back that up , of course . 
  oh my , i did dutch names rather than frisian ones . 
  well , if you 've ever seen the one-panel comics about two half-naked birdpeople named fokke and sukke ; those are frisian first names . 
  also things like hidde , foppe ( peeves from harry potter is foppe in dutch translations , also a pun on ` foppen ' ; to fool someone ) , sjoerd , tjibbe , tjerk , hielke , sietse , tsjitske , femke/fimke ( probably cognate to the noun famke ; a girl ) , etc. 
  oh sure there 's literature , but i meant making it like an actual study . 
  :p er , probably just * proost * as per the dutch version . 
  cheers !, 
  hm , interesting . 
  like i said though ; a feeling . 
  me too !, 
  but i 'd be surprised if i could ever find work in like the history of languages or some shizzle . 
  plus i ` dn eed to be able to actually learn it first . 
  err , slightly too pished to make great future plans right now . 
  my slightly beered mind did n't connect ` k\u00e4s ' to k\u00e4se to kees . 
  in dutch ( modern dutch dutch that is ) kaas rather than kees is cheese , though , but i think the two first names one is more logical than the cheese one . 
  though i would n't be surprised if the name ` kees ' was somehow far away derived from the cheese root as well . 
  funnily ( to me ) ; kaas - k\u00e4se are dutch/german sisters . 
  english cheese has a sister in frisian ; tsiis . 
  different spelling , almost same pronounciation . 
  what the fuck kind of bullsthit title is this bbc , i thought you were above this dreadful and senseless nonsense . 
  ` otso ' feels a lot like ` ursu ( s ) ' to me . 
  what ? 
  ah , yes . 
  purportedly ` yankee ( s ) ' is derived from two common dutch names ` jan ' and ` kees ' . 
  of course , pronouncing ` yan ' all american-like ( to me ) gives a longer a than saying ` jan ' in dutch . 
  i think it 's amusing that jan , one of the most common male names in dutch , is also quite big in czech ( afaik ) , but is used for girls in english where the male equivalent is all john and ian instead . 
  anyway , my own first name looks a bit spanish ( and adding some accents means something in spanish , iirc ) but it 's a very rare name used sporadically over the country . 
  i used to think it was a frisian specific name ( even found a sixteenth century silversmith named myfirstname myfirstname + s after some googling once ) but the [ voornamenbank ] ( http://www.meertens.knaw.nl/nvb/ ) mentions it being quite sporadic all over the country . 
   dutch : raymundus , raymond lal , more like ramon and remon nowadaysies . 
  fuck that , mods here do n't crack down on anything . 
   let 's not forget that 's a theory . 
  and what do you think that means ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  that looks like an age of wonders draconian rather than like a ` dragonborn ' to me though . 
  just me or is there some serious brigading going on ? 
  what do you mean ` start ' ? 
  i prefer calling them lizard wizards . 
  it probably does say murder , but it 's usually translated as kill . 
  and usually in a sense of human beings . 
  well , yes , but the tablet say ` thou shallt not kill . ', 
  i know very well that the bible is n't internally consistent . 
  it does have a stance on suicide ; thou shallt not kill . 
  do n't recall the tablets specifying to kill whom .
