  a third thought , just came to mind , is that superstition might merely change if working by consensus ; at the moment it is quite possibly to ` free ' oneself of institutionalized superstition ; no confessional party would , for example , ever get my vote , nor do i enter places of worship with the intent to worship . 
  ( in fact , i 've entered churches solely to see their insides/art displayed therein . ), 
  true , i do agree that things need to be different because , indeed , we are depleting quite a few resources quite quickly ( even if we do often create synthetic alternatives ) , but what you proposed seemed a lot like one 'd have to argue and redefine society so constantly no - one would have time for anything else . 
  hop over to / r/islam to see how many quran-quotes they 're using to condemn . 
  i 'm not asking you to convert , of course ( and i agree that religion can exacerbate violent tendencies quite easily ) , but the holy book is quite ambiguous on violence . 
  rather exactly like the bible , tbh . 
  both have those bits of `` be kind to each other , and sprinkle fairy dust magic yaaay '' and then you flip a few pages and it 's all about killing the non-believer and wearing a necklace of ears and foreskins . 
  - rambling aside , i do n't think islam/the quran is significantly more violence-promoting than christianity/the bible is . 
  the problem is simply that at the moment there are more muslims prone to fundamentalism than there are christians , added to that that muslim countries often feel harrangued by western ones ( whether that is justified or not ) and added to that that there 's a tendency to focus a lot on ( islamic ) extremist violence in the media , and rather quickly an idea starts to form of `` all muslims are stark raving lunatics who swing scimitars and c4 all over the place when someone makes a shitty ( and i mean * shitty * ) movie even though it is - really - just a fraction of the total populace who think that 's a good idea . 
  looking as an atheist dutchman towards the right-wing conservative christians in the us ; the moderates have done a pretty bad job of controlling the crazies . 
  the republican party is completely and fully off it 's rocker due to the recent pervasiveness of christian fundamentalism in the party . 
  sounds unupholdable . 
  to be honest , i 'm thinking that it might be wrong to use `` go back to your own country as punishment . '', 
  no , let them be here and let them be punished here . 
  suddenly dreamland is quite shit if you 're in prison in it . 
  conversely , encourage , though do not force , people to return home . 
  perhaps with help from the country they visited in order to help them stay there in a respectable way , though i fear that would be denounced as attempting to colonize . 
  and if people , non-criminal , background irrelevant , do not want to return home with help to improve that home country ? 
  still fine , but perhaps some guidance is necessary to prevent shittiness of life . 
  edit ; wrote promise rather than punishment . 
  toot the moond . 
  slowly , slowly , slowly getting faster !, 
  and that is the answer to bogdanvladimir 's question . 
  that 's not an answer to the question . 
  it 's merely an extension of what mitso claimed . 
  oh , it 's been posted there . 
  and in / r/wtf . 
  44 up vs 55 down . 
  wow . 
  yepyep , i fully agree . 
  :p but that 's what i meant ; the first triumvirate was actuall two parties with three men , more or less . 
  crassus provided a lot of sponsoring for caesar , iirc . 
  in what way ? 
  yep . 
  though i would n't really compare roman triumvirates to our current system . 
  they 're more or less each other 's mirror image in how far from the centre , but yeah , i think they would be able to sustain a coalition . 
  in fact i 'm thinking that would be the most stable possibility . 
  [ this is quite interesting about a ` purple ' cabinet . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purple_%28government%29 ), 
   vvd and pvda are looking like they could form a majority coalition by themselves , but how realistic is that ? 
  very . 
  rutte has been railing against pvda as a danger but there is absolutely no doubt to my mind he 'll keep his grin up and just work with samsom if samsom is elected as head honcho . 
  that one . 
  this reminds me of the qi episode touching on british newspapers etc. 
  often claiming all sorts of baloney about brussels being mean . 
  and jews and muslims and jehova 's witnesses and , iirc , some parts of the eastern christian churches , and followers of dharmic religions , and spiritists , and humanists , and tribal shaman-worshippers . 
  man , the term holy see makes me think of holy diver and that dio is dead . 
  and following from there i think of my dead parents . 
  so i propose pope-land should be renamed . 
  to evergreen acres or something like it . 
  frisians want to separate ? 
  ach so . 
  and by what right do they claim their say ? 
  i just took an anti-migraine pill which makes me a bit doozy , and i have n't read german much at all the last few years , so could you explain ? 
  true , but i kind of meant really direct incest . 
  of course eventually someone will have married someone who can trace some of the same ancestors , i was thinking of incest as two close family members procreating together . 
  haha , i used to bike far more than take public transport ; that is but a recent development !, 
  ah , but we are taller , so we can look farther . 
  again us ; america has a bunch of greek-named cities . 
  with fairly few greeks . 
  that too an insult to their cultural heritage ? 
  maybe he was actually from a different city though . 
   if these people mistakingly believe the ancient macedonians are there ancestors just because they are in close proximity . 
  2012 now . 
  alexander 's death - ancient macedon 's prime - was in the third century bce . 
  2312 years ago . 
  let 's say an average generation takes forty years . 
  57,8 generations . 
  first generation i : you . 
  ( you in a general sense . 
  anyone reading this can be assumed to be the you , assuming their ancestors have lived in europe for large parts ) - second ii ; your parents . 
  3 people . 
  + grandparents iii ( four grandparents ) ( 7 ) - great-grandparents iv ( 8 parents of grandparents ) ( 15 ) + parents of great-grandparents v ( 16 of these ) ( 31 ) . 
  + parents vi ( 32 ) ( 63 ) + parents vii ( 64 ) ( 127 ) + parents viii ( 128 ) ( 255 ) + parents ix ( 256 ) ( 511 ) + parents x ( 512 ) ( 1023 ) + parents xi ( 1024 ) ( 2047 ) + parents xii ( 2048 ) ( 4095 ) + parents xiii ( 4096 ) ( 8191 ) + parents xiv ( 8192 ) ( 16383 ) + parents xv ( 16384 ) ( 32767 ) + parents xvi ( 32768 ) ( 65535 ) + parents xvii ( 65536 ) ( 131071 ) + parents xviii ( 131072 ) ( 262143 ) + parents xix ( 262144 ) ( 524287 ) + parents xx ( 524288 ) ( 1048575 ) + parents xxi ( 1048576 ) ( 2097151 ) + parents xxii ( 2097152 ) ( 4194303 ) + parents xxiii ( 4194304 ) ( 8388607 ) + parents xxiv ( 8388608 ) ( 16777215 ) - let 's stop here for now . 
  assuming no incest , this is sixteen million people , each of whom you are directly descended from . 
  sixteen million people in 24 generations . 
  using the previously determined forty years per generation this is 960 years ago . 
  calculating further , the other 33 generations , there 's little doubt that eventually , assuming no incest , you have more direct ancestors than there were people in 300 bce . 
  therefore ; you are related to alexander the great . 
  i see little reason to give a shit , to be honest . 
  they 're simply a country naming itself after the area the country is in . 
  so does the usa . 
  i do n't get it . 
  fyrom is pretty much the same term as macedonia . 
  it 's like saying usa instead of america . 
  the common name is included in the alternative one . 
   cincinnatus was from italy , i 'm not sure he 'd have liked to hear that . 
  was n't he roman-born ? 
  in which case calling him italic might be considered offensive , depending on how much of a twat he was . 
  i dunno , it might cause quite a fraccas , possibly even a ruckus , if macedon sent a phalanx into the streets of athens . 
  i 'm mainly avoiding it because jesus wept at those prices . 
  then again , there 's a douwe egberts coffee-shop ( but not coffeeshop ) in leeuwarden with rather similar prices . 
  eh , best coffee is brewed at home . 
  little ? 
  england is n't little . 
  and great britain certainly is n't . 
  the netherlands , now we 're the plucky david . 
  maybe i just had misconceptions about donating . 
  i dunno , i thought you 'd be somewhat light-headed after donating anyway , and wine would only exacerbate that effect . 
  why wine ?
