  i 'm surprised turkish and french dreaming is so similar . 
  also a side-note ; ` cucumber ' in english and dutch ( and maybe others ) have a ` gurke ' form as well ; gherkin and augurk , but those tend to refer to the pickled small ones . 
  also < 3 / u/bezbojnicul for including frisian . 
  length of dutje , i guess . 
  if it 's a duuuutje it 's more like slaap . 
  just reading this conversation with all these irish flags ( seriously , props using something else than red & blue like most of europe :p ) makes me add ` know a base in celtic language ' to a rather far-flung wishlist . 
   idea of the french having to accept coins with qeii on them as legal tender tickles me immensely . 
  lol . 
  maybe you 're not mature enough as a country to join the euro . 
  yes , get rid of this childish and crime-supporting system of ` gedogen ' and just make it legal . 
  that sounds a bit like a silly law . 
  i see . 
  it was nice , but its different speculaas than i was used to , so the taste slightly surprised me . 
  i kinda miss the crunchiness . 
  no , this is the internet . 
  also , for a dreadful moment i thought you were serious . 
  that seems a bit snide . 
  why would the uk disregard australia entirely ? 
  i mean , their advice is n't meant to change everything , why so flippant ? 
  wait , i do n't see how they 're imagining anything ? 
  i mean , i 'm not all that well-versed in economics ( or politics ! ), 
  but i do n't read the article as suggesting what the title says . 
  of course it was a disaster , just because someone was responsible does n't make it not a disaster . 
  though to be honest , i 'd be very reluctant to pin the blame on only a few of the countries involved . 
  seems a bit arrogant to dismiss an entire city as a suburb of another in another country . 
  oh well , it takes the point across . 
  dude on my floor carved a pumpkin and his sister hosts annual dress-up parties . 
  'cause it 's named ypsilon , kind of like how we do n't always pronounce ` k ' as ` kaa ' . 
  ~ ~ batshit insane bible-thumping human-hating piece of garbage . ~ ~ a prominent republican . 
  too afraid of the world not to want to defend himself , but too fat to actually fight . 
  the panaceum : guns , guns , gunnedy guns !, 
  i bought some speculaas specifically so i can try this tomorrow . 
  or right now , though i have hazelnutcoffee now . 
  standard practice ? 
  not here it is n't . 
  i often had sandwhiches speculaas with me to school , no dipping in anything . 
  it gets soft due to that too . 
  that koekskeskoek ( hah ) looks pretty delicious though , i 'd definitely enjoy that if i 'd ever have it . 
  speculaas on bread , delicious . 
  why dip it in coffee though ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure . 
  i think it 's part of the last one , or that people simply do n't feel represented by the boffins in middle parties . 
  feel look down upon , perhaps . 
  though that last one , aside of phrasing , does not sound inaccurate . 
  mind you , we 've had cordons sanitair . 
  i 'm thinking it may have happened to janmaat , fortuyn and it might have been tried , at first with wilders . 
  but i 'm not entirely sure . 
  right , i agree . 
  but i recently read a book by gerdi verbeet ( she chaired dutch parliament at the time ) wherein one of the interviewees laments that because the dutch democracy has turned into a ` diploma-democracy ' especially the lower-educated feel less represented . 
  the lower-educated peeps probably feel unrepresented and feel the blame for that de-democratising is on the center parties , therefore making people more prone to vote more extreme . 
  am surprised is all . 
  on the stove ? 
  would n't it burn :o, 
  never heard of it . 
  maybe they stick 'm in the oven . 
  cool !, 
  though your sunday breakfast looks ooky . 
  hm no wonder the ns refused, 
  oh no doubt . 
  but those tend to be smaller countries ( no wonder given gb 's size ) and usually actually in europe rather than a bit to the side of it . 
  the seemingly inexplicable downvotes are because the same article ( or at least the same subject ) has been posted already last week . 
  just a headsup in case you wondered . 
  ` swhatyouget when you keep making yourself the exception, 
   in holland there 's de speld [ 1 ] . 
  go far enough west and you 'll get anywhere on the world , heh . 
  westward-ho i should imagine :p, 
  giant pile of stones , only no-one put them there . 
  plus they have mountains . 
  always wanted to meet a mountain . 
  / r/iwantout ? 
  that 's not objective . 
  there 's little objective in saying that a small vocabulary is better , or in saying that fewer loanwords is better . 
  `` better '' itself somewhat implies subjectiveness . 
  pink panther theme in case a spy has been caught . 
  in case something bad of a national scale happens . 
  like for example a russian airstrike . 
  :p and the periodic tootling of the things tend to be to test if it still works , but i do n't see why the portuguese would have to do that every day . 
  every day ? 
  jesus no . 
  we ( netherlands ) have a general testing of the alarm-hooters each first monday of the month at 12 . 
  would n't action `` against muslims '' rather fall under `` religious intolerance '' and to some extent under `` anti-semitism '' ? 
  except for the mass-murdering of course . 
  germany 'd have to get a new chancellor every six months , then . 
   then they have the gall to call it an echo chamber , blissfully ignorant of the fact that their actions prove that / r/europe [ 1 ] is the real echo chamber . 
  if you ever needed a more obvious example of the active disdain for reddiquette and total disregard for any real european discourse on this sub then here it is . 
  i kind of see that as a reason for euroskeptics not to flock there en-masse . 
  that would make both subs worse ` echo chambers ' . 
  i think i 'd prefer some conflicting opinions here . 
  but then , i think there might be some value in echo chambers as well . 
  and his reason for not voting is ... blather , honestly ,, 
  i see . 
  indeed ` red eyes ' is n't listed there beyond ` possibility of affected pigmentation ' . 
  thanks . 
  i see , thanks . 
  kind of depends how long they 've been taking care of her . 
  determines who she sees as parents . 
  i thought albinism also made eyes red . 
       can you imagine the dutch response if it had been ? 
  `` meh '' :p although , de koninklijke shell is n't all that dutch anymore . 
   that 's hilarious .
