   poles are at fault now ?!, 
  clearly and obviously so , yes, 
  no more tulips for u-lips . 
  although you 're clearly no canadian . 
  i hereby judge thee to be alaskan . 
  what , you actually eat it ? 
  their mustard ca n't have been much either, 
  that just sounds like disregarding diabetes, 
  reported . 
  - - i mean , i would n't get mustard on a burger or on fries ( although ... ) but mustard is goooooooooood . 
  also , if you ever get bitter balls or a kroket in the nl 's - you better not run your mouth about mustard . 
  wait ... you 're american ? 
  i assume you are familiar with the goopy monstrosity that is called ` mac and cheese ' , right ? 
  that shit would look less vile if it had one of those symbols for radiation on it . 
  rrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeee - kick them out of the eu . 
  somehow , someone will blame islam . 
  ( just look at the source site al-gemeiner indeed ! ), 
  sure . 
  they already match on ` women ' and ` religious ' . 
  in europe , they 're all germans except the swedish royals who are french, 
  no it 's the child of sherlock 's jim moriarty and gollum, 
  * saluting their national flag *, 
  that does not sound like a good pledge . 
  no , it looks like they might as well be somethingsomethingjugend it looks entirely creepy, 
  in what magical fairy world is it * fast * to replace the peoples of a continent with foreigners ? 
  ` hits back ' sounds like it was an attack on her personally somehow, 
  that does n't look fucking nice, 
  is it ? 
  what was n't calm about that : o, 
  but did they bring parachutes, 
  why land the planes if they 're filled with paratroopers, 
  yes no shit they 're pronounced differently, 
  do n't accidentally drop that a-bomb on the czechs, 
  is n't that the opposite of ` to takeout ', 
   and you would let people who you do n't know anything about to let freely roam around ? 
  i kinda do that already . 
  'cause there 's like eight billion people i do n't know anything about, 
  i thought that was the uk, 
  i 'm all for that . 
  jesus christ is a horse . 
  cool . 
  ... gib 1 billion nok, 
  if they 're not convicted of a crime then it 's illegal confinement . 
  do you honestly think commiting crimes in response to crimes is the best ? 
  haha , * take that *, 
  not to worry citizen , you would mostly see really old dudes . 
  might have that intention but the result will simply be that fewer muslim women will go to the beach . 
  there is only one kind of fashionable beach wear !, 
  and it does n't exist . 
  it 's like if remus had stabbed romulus instead of vice versa, 
  wot really ? 
  that 's stupid, 
  true , only a tenth of that is jan pawel . 
  rest is jesus . 
  this is also why there 's no germany now . 
  literally molotov-von ribbentrop pact, 
  what the ... the belgian flag for the benelux ? 
  two steering wheels , what insanity, 
  gib monies plox, 
   i might be walking around before that , but it 's on autopilot . 
  i once took the earliest bus of the day and tried to get in using my school pass . 
  very autopilot, 
  no i might get hypothermia, 
  you didnt have to post that you spammer, 
  there went ` civilly ', 
  probably because i have some southron blood in me :(, 
  i was gon na be all `` yeah , marvel at me '' but i 'm only 184cm, 
  never heard of them . 
  i thought the ` race ' was between the dutch and peeps from the dinaeric alps . 
  who might or might not also have purple eyes and white hair . 
  i think that was gta, 
  that looks as if it was made from itch . 
  le gender agenda, 
  this is also why we still call new york * nieuw amsterdam * only it is n't . 
  because it 's not . 
  does that make it plopcorn ahoooheehaa, 
  amsterdam is a built in speed limit, 
  it 's fucking easy making a decent meal without meat . 
  lol ` sexual adventurer ', 
  bit of craic s all, 
  just do n't play them against iceland, 
  i mean it still says hitler, 
  what the actual fuk edit ; that entire episode, 
  . . faragedoor ? 
  i was under the impression that in the classical world it also refered to everyone of macedonian stock ; a big chunk of the famous generals like pyrrhus , alexander , antiochos , seleukos , ptolemaos etc. 
  partially because the greeks at the time did n't consider them to be greek . 
  if she was an ostrogoth or something , that would deffo be more correct . 
  devil 's in the deets, 
  why will see . 
  arent we seeing it, 
  really ? 
  i did not know that, 
  slags, 
  the fuck, 
  it still sounds ludicrous . 
  i always thought ` czech republic ' sounds stuffy and unwieldy . 
  it feels like saying the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland every time you want to say ` britain ' . 
  we say tsjechi\u00eb in the netherlands . 
  know what ; i doubt it . 
  i doubt the veracity of the article , i doubt the implication of bias .
