  everyone can call for jihad . 
  most jihads are personal struggles after all . 
  then again maybe you just made a total war reference . 
  ops , i thought the picture said the one flower was proud . 
  never thought i 'd write that sentence , but hey . 
  . . were n't dark . 
  where it should be , out of the picture . 
  being glad is n't the same as being proud . 
  yeah , i mean , a brit to represent europe ? 
  not sure why the caliph is mentioned there ; would n't he be more or less a muslim pope ? 
  the rest is atrocious , of course . 
  hm , i ca n't seem to find the pitchfork . 
  bah , brab\u00e2nsk is hast itselde as flaamsk . 
  fair point , but i could n't easily find a way to convert ` centru ' to ` sintrum ' in one jocular sentence . 
  most are n't , no . 
  centrum is one of the exceptions ; sintrum . 
  centrum works in dutch , too , but yeah . 
  romanian is obviously a romance language . 
  hahahahaa thank you . 
  i made that point so often but never so comprehensively . 
  it was mostly europeans who brought slaves to murka . 
  add an m and things that actually exist can accept it . 
  yay , no dutch . 
  that said , why this list ? 
  thanks for the link . 
  in short , lovely bunch , the people who posted this article . 
  i did wonder how they made those without the subjects noticing . 
  ... they 're angry at how people sit ? 
  that man has terrible taste in eyewear . 
  that said ; hrm . 
  i 'm not fond of the idea that he uses `` we do n't want change '' as a way to leverage support . 
  not surprised in the least though . 
  op of this thread posts three threads in three minutes , each from the same source . 
  yet surprisingly not a bot . 
  why so many threads , dude ? 
  * we 're * ? 
  austria is n't that small . 
  oh such a happy idea . 
  like that person who asked for pictures for a wedding ( sadly i could n't contribute ) . 
  these are rather cute little additions to serious / r/europe . 
  and far more interesting than football . 
  :p seriously though , got pics of your collection ? 
  some of the best ones , maybe ? 
  so it seems . 
  yeah !, 
  far cooler to watch . 
  entirely cool with me . 
  luckily i 'm not also in your facebook , moaning about a game . 
  or in your streets , moaning about a game . 
  i 'm only on reddit . 
  augh why so many boring threads about boring millionaires boringly boring me by traipsing , like the boring bores they are , after a boring ball , all boringly funded by excitingly rich billionaires ? 
  i know that , but it 's silly to say that that is because they died . 
  the living ones rather helped the victory as well . 
  my original post was a pedantic joke on how your wording was slightly off but now you come off as a condescending twat . 
  saying the soviets won because they lost more dudes is infinitely silly . 
  crudely expressed yet not an inaccurate point , imo . 
  more like new oaf , am i right ? 
  hm , i knew basques ( like etruscans had been ) were somewhat separate from their next door neighbors because , i thought , those next door neighbours belonged to different generations of migrants . 
  therefore the link to more norther populations surprises me because i thought those were descendant of yet another migrantgeneration , but apparently only partially . 
  yep . 
  not surprised at the title . 
  fairly sure loonie parties like wilders ' pvv are also partially funded by us loonies . 
  - tbh , this is partially why i like europe . 
  if europe consolidates strongly enough then those ass-backwards regressonist and fundementalist yokels in that so-called ` land of the free ' have far less bullshitting power on this side of the pond . 
  look at a fourteenth century map of the area which now has the netherlands and you 'll experience roughly the same . 
  what ? 
  i said that most accusations of anti-semitism are n't made bt jews . 
  i 'm not sure why my comment in reply to your first is downvoted either , eh . 
  quite often it is n't jews accusing others of it , though . 
  as usual , it 's impossible to disagree with anything jews have anything to do with without some plonker labelling you as anti-semite . 
  and i did n't say a democracy is defined by elections , i merely said that it may have been the source of confusion for these teens . 
  ... is dat een parodie ? 
  nownow , no reason to dismantle his unbased accusation with facts . 
  of those i 'm not sure i 've heard of any but human and spirit ( good god this woman is off her todger ) and better netherlands ( if this is leefbaar nederland . ), 
  ... to me . 
  give me the money microsoft . 
  come ooon , you know you want to . 
  you 'll get part back anyway . 
  hey !, 
  that was uncalled for . 
  baguettes are lovely . 
  history decides squat . 
  noooooo . 
  this is , unfortunately , far too true . 
  the way to stop circumsicion would be to convince religious leaders of both groups to support leaving it to the person themselves whether or not they want to be snipped . 
  obviously this carries with it that the person wanting to get cut has to be adult . 
  the problem here is of course that this will probably mean that most adult circumsicion will still be made due to peer-pressure ( you want to be one of us , do n't you ? ), 
  rather than due to a conscious decision of the snippee to make their covenant . 
  apologies , title of official press release is somewhat misleading . 
  :p or even misleading ? 
  slightly inaccurate . 
  and i do n't understand whyyyyy . 
  / s seems more logical , but you 're right in that hitler germany is commonly regarded as a dictatorship and you can indeed argue very well that it is one ; but keep in mind that he was elected . 
  that bit might confuse people who do n't realize what a complete shame that election had been . 
  sgp * grew * ? 
  wow . 
  those guys are n't conservative , they 're practically regressionist . 
  interesting info , though . 
  title of this thread is somewhat misleading ; title seemed to imply that they do n't know the difference between the systems , the ideas , the practicality , rather than whether or not hitler germany was a dictatorship . 
  significant differences between facists and nazis though .
