  the presenter then went `` luckily our weather is nicer '' and turned to the weather woman . 
  ahem . 
  yay !, 
  top gear taught me this . 
  is n't this in italy ? 
  does n't yogurt have a culture 200 years or no ? 
  you 're a circle , jerk . 
  lal , first time i saw this link i thought you meant one of the large parties losing most people , only now do i see there 's an actual `` idle toad party '' . 
  cheesy . 
  exactly . 
  the man is completely in-flipping-sane . 
  i think however that part of his popularity is because he really was ( seen as ) different from obama and romney and the bipartisan system . 
  mindwalker is a pretty cool name , too . 
  similar ` abl ' - like sounds , i suppose . 
  similar root , i guess . 
  dammit , i ca n't find my picture maker . 
  he probably is :p, 
  i thought he merely meant that being a bit of a whacko makes for stupidity anyway . 
   edit : a discussion about how a neo-nazi literally punched a little girl in the face turns into one of those `` but left-wingers are exactly the same ! '' . 
  funny how it works that way . 
  that 's not really how i interpreted it . 
  the jokes , yeah , but i like the general style as well . 
  well , no . 
  of course not . 
  higgins is someone i admire , but not due to his age . 
  romney is someone i do n't like , but not due to his age . 
  and it 's `` your '' choice . 
  pish posh niles . 
  yes and totally serious as well . 
  dementia ca n't be bought or learnt through study either . 
  music aside , apparently you do have taste in comics . 
  pudgy , royal and somewhat dopey ? 
  wut , i 'm having a hard time believing that . 
  i meant ` inner nationality ' being a bullshit expression . 
  i have only one nationality , i do n't magically also have an inner one . 
  thought it was like 1.84, 
  :d i 'm 1.80 ; actually a bit beneath national average . 
  in coalition with all sorts . 
  reform does sound more logical . 
  but then i 'm fond of the word ` bicameral . ', 
  just like a zombie lenin to hide things in russia . 
  ooohhhhh, 
  well , i did n't ask the lot of them , but at least one was . 
  wut , why should it be removed ? 
  a legend would be nice , yeah . 
  i assumed a red country means a ` leftist ' ruling coalition , but in the nl rutte is prime minister ; via the `` liberal '' ( '' '' ) vvd . 
  ncpn ? 
  yesterday , queen 's day , i was actually surprised at times at the amount of blondes . 
  baloney . 
  also , denmark . 
  yep , says so in the article as well . 
  via stadhouder/king william at first . 
  ` we ' have a radder golden carriage , too . 
  vanguard of muslamic invasion . 
  would n't hezbollah be slightly more likely to murder them , for starters ? 
  i was hoping this would be a different one than the one i already had bookmarked from when it was on / r/europe . 
  but it 's `` just '' the som sabadell one again . 
  still love it though . 
  true enough . 
   they are more popular than when beatrix took the throne in the eighties . 
  little surprise there , given the `` geen woning , geen kroning '' protests . 
  wimlex wo n't even be crowned , so that ca n't be protested . 
  at least it 's not a cannibal holocaust . 
   history moves in circles no it does n't . 
  never had , never will , it ca n't . 
  yeah , but there 's been enough threads here in / r/europe about greek starving children . 
  oh sure , but it might not have been the only factor . 
  for that dopey post ? 
  it basically said `` let 's switch those stereotypes for these stereotypes :d '', 
  these are civilians leaving their country to fight elsewhere , this is n't about european intervention . 
  not necessarily an attraction to radical islam , maybe more also sense of adventure or thinking assad must be deposed . 
  :d funnily , a latin term for the group the romans classified their contemporary frisians ( frisii and/or frisiaevones , i think ) is ` inguaevones ' . 
  derived from ` inguz ' . 
  another name for the same freyr . 
  yeah , but i meant that some might feel forced to hunt to supplement a bad diet ( due to low income ) , but this is n't the case ? 
  yep . 
  and lucifer = match = streichholz . 
  ergo ; lucifersdoosje is ( small ) matchbox . 
  ` luciferdoos ' would imply something with hundreds of matches , a spot larger than a normal matchbox . 
  go away jesus , we do n't like you anymore . 
  no ( thing ) happened to the voice of france . 
  the ` fri ' is actually derived from freyr , though . 
  okay , got ta admit i do n't get that one . 
  edit ; wait fuck , the leaves on the flag of course . 
  so you 're from india , eh ? 
  that 's a shame . 
  do these poachers consider their hunting necessary ? 
   politics is always a bad idea for conversation lolwut . 
  you gyppos are always so racist . 
  :d to be honest , most portuguese i 've met on the internet were relatively cool beans . 
  a different forum i frequent had an unhinged portuguese member . 
  he 'd often get trolled ( in response to his general cuntery ) that portugal is n't anything more than a brazilian colony anyway . 
  that 's too simple , of course . 
  that 's about as subtle as a meteorite impact . 
  a moderately sexy richard dawkins . 
  they 're all the same kind of briton and emma looks like richard dawkins . 
  upvoted for pointing out douglas adams reference . 
  i do n't think any *** good *** artists are going to want to write a coronation-song . 
  as if anyone knows it as far as the 10th couplet . 
  i do n't really think there should be a song at all .
