  a hero who conquered a box of chocolate . 
  blood was shed , chocolate was gained . 
  that 's a bitching pen . 
  i like the wrapper of the sokolade . 
  :p edit ; also , i 've never - yet - given blood . 
  frequently thought about it and i certainly intend to , some day . 
  / r/girlswithbodypaint, 
  a serial punisher . 
  also known as the goddamn batman . 
  it 's the wild , wild west . 
  ah , you do n't eat curdled food because you 're crazy . 
  okay . 
  dude , ten euros for 20 cigarettes ? 
  harsh . 
  i thought the 5 , something for a normal sized box was a lot . 
  infinite ? 
  we 're capped d : , 
  i read elsewhere that he intended for that remark to keep some pressure on greece ; if no-one else had said it greece might have ` leant back ' because they were getting dutch support anyway . 
  also , he is in the middle of running a campaign to be re-elected . 
  that is quite likely a rather large factor in making bold statements . 
  edit ; accidentally posted this twice . 
  why so anti-curdle , then ? 
  an allergy ? 
  yogurt is turkish . 
  too bad , you dislike british food , that 's why you got downvotes . 
  it certainly does . 
  not surprising either as everything changes and culture is simply a product of consensus . 
  and not a bad connection , either . 
  iirc , italian-styled noodles were developed independently from chinese-style noodles . 
  that bridge in bosnia etc is so damn pretty . 
  ah , i just thought he was merely associating `` former soviet republics '' with the ones near his own , rather than the ones to the west of russia . 
  in that case i can see where you 're coming from . 
  tell it to him , too , though !, 
  while true , but seriously . 
  he is one person relating his experiences in both the ex-ussr and the netherlands . 
  he is not smearing shit , he is relating his experiences . 
  oh please , gtfo with your persecution complex . 
  so do i. 
  it would scratch so damn good . 
  i 'm not gon na watch all of that . 
  i opened the first link , saw that it was ten minutes and saw the comments there and that is enough . 
  err , that 's just flag burning . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  and that 's the nub . 
  christians are more used to modern , secular , values , whereas muslims have often escaped from ridiculous theocracies ; islamic countries at the moment are more prone to fundamentalism than nominally christian countries are . 
  and i do n't think that 's because islam is an inherently worse fairy tale than the other abrahamic religions are . 
  like the pvdd . 
  hah , true !, 
  i 'm from the very north of the netherlands and i could n't understand one fuck of flemish at first . 
  nor of maastrichtian dutch , but hey . 
  and he wants to tour with a tea party crackpot d :, 
  a samsom-purple does n't sound bad , imo . 
   i 'd give you a link to my textbooks , but alas , they 're in dutch ... oh hallo , een geschiedenis studie ? 
  well , i 'm dutch and i live in belgium for a year !, 
  right next to maastricht , but still counts . 
  i 'm so multinational . 
  but groningen is historically part of frisia !, 
  besides , we ca n't just go frisia-not frisia - then another bit of frisia , can we ? 
  i object on the ground that the object is objectionable . 
  cyprus & france are cute . 
  i do n't understand the dutch one . 
  ha , yes , yes . 
  [ bill bailey just says skipholl ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_utdzstznfy ) . 
  just a stylized tomato . 
  ah yes , agreed . 
  okay , thanks . 
  free speech as long as you agree with what they 're saying . 
  it 's always been exactly that with the pvv . 
  i 've never really thought of them as particularly conservative . 
  especially not compared to the sgp or cda . 
  though the first are n't about status quo but about vade retro . 
  it is indeed a meander . 
  but look at the fucking colour scheme man , if they had any interest in not looking like nazis they might not have gone with a black emblem with white lining on red . 
  hell , even if it they were merely nationalist they 'd have a far different flag ; white and blue seem to be a traditional combination for the greeks . 
  combine that with a classical symbol and then it would n't be a slightly hellenized nazi flag . 
  well , that 's pretty damn shitty for those students . 
  leftward tilt ? 
  more like back to slightly centre as we 've been moving right-ward for years now , imo . 
   thankfully [ 1 ] this link shows that we are not all fooled . 
  heh , see b.gast 's replies . 
  so excited , so angry at a different opinion . 
  vvd ca n't be called liberal ? 
  but usually they are . 
  :o why do you say they ca n't be called liberal ? 
  ( also , you just reminded me the plants need watering . ), 
  oh yes , they 're certainly no commies . 
  instead of baloney terms like ` leftist ' or ` centrist ' and indeed ` circlejerk ' you could try , say , stating your thoughts and explaining them . 
  nice , still have it ? 
  ` the point of the unicorn ' was how i read it . 
  :( i should sleep . 
  ah , thanks for enlightenment . 
  to be quite honest , i hardly knew a mindset like that * exists . 
  * takes all sorts i suppose . 
  much appreciated !, 
  what leftists hate themselves ? 
  is this some kind of anti-racism = anti-white thought ? 
  i genuinely do n't understand what you mean . 
  somewhat , yes , though that too is , like most things , over simplifying . 
  there is definitley some scapegoating in action , though , i doubt it 's at comparable levels as in the years leading to hitler . 
  i 've never heard of people being denied from schools for being dyslexic .
