  with a ` na ' ? 
  luca brasi sleeps with the fishes, 
  on reddit it just means ` those dum people who disagree with me ', 
  true , i misphrased a bit . 
  i did n't see what the mayor did say . 
  probably missed it , but does it specify how the mayor greeted them ? 
  because i assumed the helper was native german i took that bit of the post completely differently than what the article said . 
  what an odd thing to say by longdressbeardman . 
  i , for one , vastly prefer this german identity to the one of 75 years ago . 
  nice change . 
  tbh i kind of assumed that the fight involving 400 asylum seekers lasted for hours . 
  not that every individual fighter kept slugging away that long . 
  he 's being stupid on purpose . 
  do n't fall for it, 
  tbh i think germanic / celtic pantheons have a bunch of similarities . 
  if you 're making up a polytheistic system anyway , when are you gon na stop ? 
  it is absolutely something inherently worth defending . 
  i 'm sufficiently neanderthal i 'm sure, 
  i just want neutral moresnet, 
  not surprising given the civil wars between similarly named would-be-emperors, 
  gosh, 
  yeah but there 's this funny group on facebook, 
  or london leaving england, 
  that 's not the part they 're denying :p, 
  ... sour britain ? 
  yeah , i kept thinking of that . 
  or rather , of ` sambo ' used in the inspector george gently tv-show, 
  the rest is in order , but i hope you 're not pretending romans arrived in britain before there was a ` celtic ' presence ? 
  and obviously these do n't come to conquer . 
  qilf, 
  spanadian *, 
  that 's one kawaii-looking queenie, 
  at a mere 1m 84 i 'm only average for a dutch man . 
  we have similarly named meat-like tubes ... and i 've seen meatballs like it in belgium . 
  and i know of things like fricandeau and fricass\u00e9, 
  there is just no way an audience in the house of lord applauded blaming jews for holocaust . 
  this can not have happened . 
  pretty sure that 's not what ` frikadeller ' means . 
  also i never steam my stroopwafel i just chomp . 
   i 've met more walloons than flemish and i 'm sure the dutch have met more flemish than walloons . 
  i know i have . 
  yes, 
  lol amsterdam, 
  wine with fucking almdudler ? 
  why would you when there 's sand, 
  i kinda thought it, 
  because they mentioned the minor only as a sort of emotional blackmail . 
  can you really really really say that she is helped by naming the perpetrators ? 
  piss off, 
  broccoli best brassica tho, 
  but but you guys are a french territory, 
  it 's the same fucking brassica tho, 
  best europe would still not be in that tho . 
  maybe add hitler 's empire as well . 
  but lamb is fucking glorious, 
  some men hunt for sport others hunt for food, 
  thwartin ' ma plans ? 
  pithy and trite but no one is losing here, 
  right . 
  yes . 
  i forgot about that, 
  funny to read with a portuguese flair because , almost literally , all of europe is in between portugal and russia, 
  tbf a case could be made suggesting homer is n't greek . 
  something something doric ` invasion ', 
  lol poor croatia, 
  done dirt cheap, 
  what, 
  is that why none of the fish leave the icelandic reserve to go to portugalicia, 
  does this bird-with-bird-mask ( like jesus can not unsee ) also make pathetic peeps like the bald american one ? 
  anti - concept of nation does not mean hating the people that form an individual nation, 
  i 'm pretty sure you can if you just keep going, 
  i 'm mostly impressed at what seems to be a barrier between the atlantic near portugalicia and the atlantic near kiltonia . 
  i do n't understand switzerland , i 'm sure . 
  i also do n't understand why 1798 matters in 1991-context - unless 1991 cantons still had their own military systems . 
  which would be fucking stupid . 
  might well be that military service was key in suffrage struggles all over europe - even if conscription is basically no longer in play in most of europe - but i do n't see why that 's relevant ? 
  given that the suffrage was decided per canton , i 'm forced to assume this means military service is also . 
  which would be fucking stupid . 
  so i 'd like a source . 
  oh jesus that 's right . 
  mentally i guess i just push it back further in time ... 
  i fucking pre-date that ` decision ' . 
  fuck , paragon of democracy switzerland was more than a bit wishy washy with women 's suffrage until the fucking seventies, 
  gross, 
  and ` bern ' in frisian . 
  is that like the gorgons only with birds, 
  gangster you ca n't just say ` first of all ' and then only say one thing, 
  * never existed *, 
  yes and then another stroopwafel on top, 
  everything goes well with hagelslag . 
  hallo wie ar de dutsj end wie ar better dan yoe, 
  i bet you like little waters do n't you ? 
  tiny puddles and such like . 
  do they want better pay or what, 
  ahh , ` milquetoast ' . 
  such a lovely vague word with an amusing spelling . 
  they should just stop being old . 
  it 's not cool , it 's not clever and they 're not doing themselves any good . 
  how about where the fuck else, 
  your lad looks like a rewritten bond villain .
