  i mean , fine if there is , but not sure if there should be something to blather along with . 
  i 'm not entirely sure there should even be a koningslied . 
  bwoah , it started with an overly high and off-key unox-tune , so i really did n't expect it to be good . 
  oh right , yeah . 
  there was one thread proclaiming het wilhelmus as the ` real ' king 's song . 
  makes some sense , as it is more about the orangies than about the people . 
  anthem , not king 's song . 
  no idea why a king 's song was necessary , but it was ' t meant to displace the anthem , as far as i know . 
  it really was monumentally stupid imo . 
  fits in with what passes as popular culture in the nl nowadays . 
  hey , i 've lived very close to the green pixel . 
  i lived just over the border from maastricht . 
  ah , nationalists , yes ? 
  when i was a kid i thought pennsylvania was close to transylvania . 
  but it 's incomprehensible . 
  details , details . 
  i knew you knew i knew . 
  dat is txampion weer 's , koekwous . 
  i was mostly kidding and even referring to your last sentence . 
  i realize , but i wanted to joke that joke anyway . 
  i knew the two were pretty much on opposite parts of the us . 
  north britain is best britain . 
  that title reminds me f-a-a-a-a-a-r too much of those shitty `` doctors will hate you for this : 40 ways to look like you are 20 again '' adds . 
  and frankly , the article reads the same . 
  plucky young student takes on the bad guys , etc. 
  never expected krugman to function as a sort of mentor in this , though . 
  i protest your position that we 're all protestant . 
  waaaaas . 
  probably shitty in a grid pattern and absolutely cramped . 
  yeah , but the rest freezes to death . 
  uhh . 
  only 300 million in a country that size ? 
  :| jeeze , take on some more of our poor , our huddled masses , i beg you . 
  the netherlands has almost 17 million already . 
  i knew it . 
  always with the butthurt . 
  ... the shit ? 
  slightly different translation of the same quote . 
  ... making your initial suggestion that older people should always be elected kinda odd . 
  indeed , therefore i shall vote for henk krol 's 50 + partij next election . 
  but it 's spelled exactly as pronounced . 
  good parts of europe love potatoes . 
  heck , most ` traditional and proper ' dutch meals are meat , taters , and vegetable . 
  i thought the ` pommerans ' is part of a billiards cue . 
  hah , but from het bildt . 
  poldered in by mainly south-hollandic settlers . 
  and hollanders are descendents of ( ripuarian ? ), 
  franks . 
  therefore , both frank and frey . 
  thanks . 
  i was slightly confused ; i was thinking more of imperialism , which was in a sense a revival of colonialism , imo . 
  8 ) though , to be frank , i 've never been any good at it . 
  listening to hilversum , you 'd almost say so . 
  had n't heard of that law , though . 
  that 's somewhat disappointing , to say the least . 
  i should visit iceland . 
  bring some new genes into the mix . 
  i think it boils down to the following : we are cooler than you . 
  i do n't entirely understand what ` the troika ' is . 
  : o also , neo-colonial ? 
  eh , sometimes i 'm awake enough to hear the dingelies . 
  often with window open as well . 
  ca n't say it offends me though . 
  the link is to a specific post but it just opens the thread . 
  not missing all that much , either . 
  yep , and not being treated as criminals all the time also helps . 
  edit ; changed happens to helps . 
  interesting , a critique on all of society . 
  i 'm in far too rotten a mood , and it 's far too late to read it all now , but it piqued my curiosity . 
  not in the least because the title ( could be / ) is perfect dutch but the article is eloquent english ( in so far as that collection of grunts and shrieks can be elqoeunt . 
  glorious frisian colonization . 
  if that 's what you meant , then yeah guilt was the wrong word . 
  the fuck no . 
  i refuse to feel guilty for things that predate my very existence . 
  honestly ? 
  none . 
  i was just taking the piss . 
  those five downvoters do n't , apparently . 
  nnnooo . 
  i kinda like church bells - in moderation - where i live right now i hardly hear them except sunday mornings . 
  and then i smile a little as i stay right the fuck inside . 
  imo , some rhytmic shouting would be okay as well . 
  maybe at the same time as the church bells . 
  i think xmnstr is right that , in general , later generations tend to be less religious . 
  however , radicalisation can occur , reverting that process . 
  or ` warm ' is too terrible a temperature to drink beer at . 
  ah , so the americans can do something right ? 
  i did n't . 
  i insulted british alcohol . 
  take that . 
  oh man , i 'm playing lux invicta now . 
  i think lords have gotten even more restless in that mod . 
  sometimes i wish i could string up the whole bally lot of them . 
  i 've no experience modding euiii though , and have n't played it in a while . 
  mostly playing ck2 now . 
  and have no real time to start any cool projects . 
  :( it sounds quite interesting though . 
  germany . 
  fewer arrogant illiterates , and at least they know beer :p, 
  what , it was n't even a real party yet ?
