  well yes , but i meant it more as a lighthearted reminder that ` holland ' is n't the name of the country . 
  olanda ? 
  at least * try * . 
  . . that 's pretty sad . 
  i 'm doing a portugal game in ck2 . 
  plus similar problems have occured ` due to wet leaves ' in autumn . 
  and in summer ns has at times decided to use fewer - and shorter - trains while more people travel . 
  ( at least , that 's how it looked when you 're in that particularly overcrowded passenger-melter . ), 
   belgium and germany not just these though . 
  even on reddit i 've read about ( american ) people who visit amsterdam and try everything at the same time . 
  everything ranging from weed to psilocibins to hookers . 
  when the horseshit hit the fan i , for the first time in years , tried some horse meat ( meant as horse meat ) as well . 
  i 'd prefer a way to wind them down . 
  my mom had rhubarb . 
  still tasty . 
  eh , it 's not any worse than zomg facists or deliberately misrepresenting an entire political ideology in order to pretend that 's an argument . 
  / r/europe of course . 
  / r/polandball / r/wtf / r/askhistorians / r/trueatheism / r/humanism is n't as active as i 'd like , and / r/armour could be so interesting but is dead as a duo of dodos . 
  ooh , / r/castles, 
  that does make sense as it 's their own site . 
  oh , did you write the article ? 
  amsterdam look out where ? 
  i mean , nice that you guys are finally becoming civilized , but why must this always be in such a ` look at us better than you ' format ? 
  i did n't even read as far as any socks , but the ` haha , tea is so british , haha ' stereotype was the one that got on my nerves just a spot . 
  i mean , there 's a different tea-stereotype within germany as well , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  the ( east - ) frisian within germany are supposed to drink far more tea and far less coffee than other germans , no ? 
  ( aside ; brits do n't know shit about tea , what kind of monkey puts milk in it ? ), 
  :( not very much more , though i kind of like it . 
  now visit zwolle . 
  nice as well , and i 'm sure i can find some beer for you . 
  like a withered dick . 
  zomg , wacist . 
  i understood that this was n't really journalism , but i have to doubt that this provides relevant background . 
  though i did n't read it all , i kind of trailed off . 
  kind of disappointed the bbc uses stereotype as a sort of bludgeon at humour here . 
  netherlands big . 
  eh , i suppose germany was more easily seen as a continuation of an older state . 
  thanks brown bear . 
   i did understood what was meant as i study history but i did n't really get the characters until just now . 
  someone else pointed me to a source mentioning ( lady ) spain , perhaps the seated figure next to france is spain and the child on her shoulder represents italy ? 
  ( italy being a fairly new state , of course ), 
  ah , so it is wilhelm ii in the prow ? 
  reminds me of something i read about a swiss canton with a rampant bear in its arms . 
  the bear had it 's cock out , and opponents of these swiss ( possibly other swiss , i 'm really not sure ) copied the flag but did n't show the cock . 
  thus triggering a fight . 
  that pigeon looks far too dopey , imo . 
  a slightly different style would be far cooler . 
  are napoleonic atrocities fully comparable to hitler and stalin 's ? 
  interesting picture . 
  do you know who the characters are ? 
  i tried to identify them by their hats , but that only really worked for france . 
  boy , i need to look at different types of maps more often . 
  i do n't really really know much about it , i read it in a rather left-y media-fellow 's almost-monthly opinion magazine . 
  more opinion than magazine . 
  but i gave it a quick google and [ this wiki-page seems relevant . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhine_capitalism ), 
  good point . 
  i did n't really realize that the person saying that might not be natively anglophone herself . 
  also , why were you in prague ? 
  i thought he actually almost had a minor point there . 
  i 've read people before seeing a distinction between continental ( mostly rhine - ) liberalism ( in the economical sense !! ), 
  in contrast to an anglo-american liberalism . 
  especially his last appearance was rather cunt-y , though . 
   damn , quite disappointed to hear the hungarian mep ( member of the european parliament ) saying that sometimes other meps wo n't even put the headphones if the mep making a speech uses a language other than english , french or german . 
  someone should scold them , it 's their job after all ... 
  indeed , a spot disgusting . 
   as a sidenote , the french mep seems to be still in denial about the downfall of the french language . 
  if you mean the guy i think you mean , he 's not a mep . 
  at least , he 's mentioned as ` jean quartremer , european correspondent , lib\u00e9ration ' . 
  did that woman in the first minute say ` to coin a phrase ' ? 
  because the phrase she used predates her birth , even . 
  edit ; the subtitling is quite funny . 
  not swedish chef - popcorn funny , but funny in it 's mistakes . 
  edit2 ; heh . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone say that . 
  i was thinking mostly of america , to be honest ; most of the time circumcision even comes to my attention is via reddit . 
  damn . 
  i just thought it wasu sually newborns because that 's usually part of the argument in favor . 
  when someone says that an adult can choose to have it done themselves , a common respons is that it 's better done when the child wo n't remember it anyway . 
  but this is apparently not actually the case . 
  netherlands is split as well on that map . 
   install ` betterponymotes ' or some other plugin like that . 
  i 'm glad i do n't see - any - ` ponies ' in this subreddit . 
  was n't woman 's day two days ago ? 
   the overwhelming majority of male circumcisions are performed on boys 6 to 12 years of age . 
  really ? 
  i thought it usually happened to newborns . 
  fair point . 
  riiiiiiight . 
  it 's just oonsa-oonsa-oonsa . 
  : u actually , yeah . 
  a lot do . 
  it 's never quite been my music though . 
  i rather like that there 's the occassional ` do you guys in other countries do/have ... ? ', 
  as well . 
  or a thread about food yesterday . 
  no such thing as too fuzzy . 
  not long ago i saw a . gif of a raccoon fondling a cat . 
  not too fuzzy . 
  very fuzzy , but not too fuzzy .
