  lol , no they do n't . 
   the simple truth is that countries that have n't accepted third world muslim migrants have none of these issues to worry about . 
  possibly , but i 'm not convinced of the correlation . 
  as a whole i feel somewhat safe that it 's mostly western europe who took in migrants ( i know , not only , do n't get pissy ) * and it 's also mostly western europe who are targets . 
  * it seems fairly unlikely that that potential terrorists just go away from their home , take a look at where they end up , and then * decide * to terrorise . 
   how about a nuke on the tulips ? 
  as a dutchman , please do n't . 
  just wait a bit , this will get novice level spin . 
  a moment ago it was belgium in general, 
  more likely that labelling them ` maoists ' was n't an accurate use of the term . 
  in that case she should have a super soaker . 
  i 'd personally have said ` especially not the first one ' though, 
  given the controversy ( ` under fire ' ) , is it really pandering ? 
  i hate that on general principles . 
  and give his balls a good once over too, 
   * rightful *, 
  oh , so that was the one bloke ? 
  bon . 
  i 'm sort of about to move away from this town but i still had a postcard ( mostly for threads like these ) lying around , so imma try . 
  given that its elementary school , learning opportunity !, 
  * we got fun and games *, 
  i was just talking to myself about how the uk is n't a nation . 
  that is , if my head definiton of ` nation ' somewhat represents reality ; the english are a nation . 
  the scottish , the irish , the welsh are nations . 
  england , scotland , n-ireland , wales could be argued to be nation-states within the larger state of the uk . 
  ( you could fairly reasonably plop another one in between of course ) although i 'm prolly fucking up ` state ' here as well . 
  ... ergo ; gib clay . 
  makes the few swimmers who made it all the more impressive, 
  are n't the english like second worst at claimtowelling ? 
       also why is it only gay men ? 
  gay women were fine ? 
  because buttsex . 
  yes . 
  literally . 
  as if you 're not germans < 3, 
  if it were n't for the belgians you 'd have better roads u :, 
  ` german words ' are somewhat often a result of dutch and german developing closely together if separately . 
  in that case it just means additional gasses . 
   you guys created us to piss off the french , i never understood this bit, 
  i did n't think he was . 
  apprently , according to comments here , his lawyer is using this to put some pressure on . 
  i honestly thought that was funny . 
  it took me far too long to realize what bits of l'h\u00f4tesse those were . 
  i immediately started making ambulance siren sounds when i read ` leedu ' . 
  i just realized i had thought about this before and realized that over here it 's inwards usually . 
  possibly because many front-doors can be right along the sidewalk . 
  imagine now a little old lady tottering uncertainly over the sidewalk . 
  imagine then you whamming your door in her face as you merrily greet the world . 
  it 's pronounced fronkensteen, 
  i thought this was about making a definition . 
  if you add - per it resembles dutch . 
  not a surname though . 
  oy watch out though , he 's gon na get eaten, 
   easy upvotes for self loathing americans/usa bashing in aw piss off with the persecution complex . 
  surely it 's more about the politicians being ` deadly wildlife ' . 
  i was cleverly angling for a source though, 
  really ? 
  that seems unlikely . 
  thought he was playing gta for a moment, 
  ... whose plane of oblivion is this, 
  oh sure , it 's just that if you talk about vikings and viking era , the thrown axe is still more a frank thing than a viking one . 
  more a frankish thing, 
  . . that 's not cricket . 
  he wants portuguese on his side . 
  do we really want spain on ours ? 
  tbh i thought the point of defining indoctrination as separate from * education * is certain ` qualities ' being taught . 
  o ___ o, 
  yeah i realized later that those were probably simply the four largest . 
  that 's quite a ` streamlining ', 
  are the only four parties ? 
  : o also i have to admit that i 'm vaguely impressed that the cdu/csu chiefs got the * entire * group to vote ` ja ' . 
  that you 're kinda snobby ? 
  hey , when there 's romans to be thwarted a gaul 's got ta do what a gaul 's got ta do . 
  asterix and the picts was vaguely disappointing compared to how i thought of them as kid , but quite amusing . 
  and not worse than ` in america ' or whatever the title was . 
  i honestly just read it as ` the ones who did n't die ' have been detained . 
  which makes sense because detaining a dead man is odd . 
  unless it 's a zombie . 
  wow shabiha so barbar, 
  lol like theyd last that long, 
  guess ill have to make myself famous before looking for a job, 
  they do n't . 
  that has like a negative amount of things to do with marxism . 
  he 's being flippant , pretending anyone actually thinks that . 
  soviet smhoviet , what are they gon na do, 
  better yet ; call vw !, 
  my point was that the name isnt necessarily telling . 
  nazis called themselves national-socialist but that doesnt mean there was a lot of socialism, 
  yes and the republican party is opposing the monarchic institutions of the usa . 
  oh yes those nazis such socialists , yesyes . 
  yes . 
  hence ; obvious bollocks . 
  maybe i 'm not only staring at germany, 
  taste . 
  ehh . 
  paris is obviously a very large concentration of the french . 
  and it pre-dates ( as lutetia ) the frankish entry . 
  i bet there was bombs in the luggage, 
  no , no it isnt, 
  lol nazis supporting socialism .
