  does n't annoy me as much as the apostrophe in ` theirs ' . 
  i was going to go all `` a fairy-tale and a museum ? 
  wow '' but then i saw that it has a castle . 
  that 's neat . 
  you know what , this should happen . 
  just as a fuck you . 
  just because . 
  fuck them . 
  so is dressing conservatively . 
  oh wait , you 're probably referring to jihad as warfare , my bad . 
  the title reads like shit . 
  turkey is n't reclaiming ` its jihadi past ' it 's simply becoming more religious again and erdogan is being a powerhungry cunt . 
  this does not equal ` jihadi ' it simply equals ` religious cunts ' . 
  but jihadi is only used because it sounds more pithy , an easier way to present things in a flawed east vs west bullshit , again . 
  plus i was under the impression that the aya sophia already was a mosque . 
  since 1453 !, 
  so it ca n't become a mosque , it already is . 
  the rest of the article is filled with drivel about history being erased as not to offend anyone ( bullshit ) and buildings being betrayed ( impossible ) . 
  it is trash . 
  what a load of shit . 
  awesome , great read , very interesting . 
  well , no it is n't . 
  that 's a different beastie . 
   hurhurhur all we do in ireland is get drunk hurhur as an irishman , fuck eu immigration and multiculturalism . 
  and fuck anyone pro-abortion on demand . 
  i 'm ok with the poles , they are prolife but they drink too much . 
  reddit is a zionist website that deletes posts that are against anything neoleft and neoconservative . 
  you 're a fucking moron . 
  cork floats . 
  graham whatshisface is n't as prominent in it as bill bailey though . 
  oh yeah , but there are some things happening . 
  most village name-signs now show two names ; the frisian and the dutch one . 
  except in het bildt , where it 's in dutch and bildtish . 
  i 'm not davoust , but i share his sympathy for the man . 
  i like that the irish like their angels drunk , apparenly . 
  easiest to hate those most like us , eh . 
  nationalism , perhaps , but jingoism ? 
  years ago when i was in the first grade of dutch gymnasium the teacher frisian ( mandatory in first grade ) asked if anyone planned to take it for the second grade ; very few did . 
  some expressed their amazement that i did choose it . 
  eventually i had an exam ( at havo-level ) in it ; i was one of four at havo-level at my school to do it . 
  four . 
  and only two at the level slightly higher . 
  six in total . 
  in the largest secondary school in the frisian capital city . 
  especially the two about the irish no are interesting me ( and the ted one is great ) ; latin des n't have yes/no either , iirc , and the ` irish no ' is n't really particularly irish , but many europeans no longer do it that way , i think it does happen outside . 
  perhaps it 's due to germanic influence that many non-irish no longer do it . 
  sounds like a genuine adventure . 
  nice one , as long as you do n't expect the uk to become the new cultural hegemon for the eu . 
  i use u as default at times . 
  unless people are clearly my age/status/are hawt . 
  mind you , my current mentor ( i 'm a student ) i 've been confused with , calling him both by the short form of his first name and with ` u ' . 
  really ? 
  because i recall tearing at that article when it was posted in a thread of its own . 
  but to be honest , with the amount of regional accents and dialects ; a lot would be unintelligble for a speech -  text converter going by ` official ' dutch . 
  disappointing drivel , honestly . 
  and what does  more than 200 years ago , the choice was between the holy roman empire and britain . 
  even mean . 
  in danger . 
  not on a map !, 
  in fact , this is the reason why i never quite believed there to be any large scale spy-on-the-people programmes ; like 99 % of the communication is completely not interesting in any way all . 
  and then another 0.9 % is only interesting to the phone-tapper privately and not in any context of national security . 
  more free than most , you intergalactic pedant . 
  you knew what he meant . 
  your country among others . 
  yeah , it 's not perfect , and it sure is nice to be a cynic , but even the us is still a lot better than putin-stan . 
   do n't downvote this , it 's a valid point . 
  no it is n't , it 's assuming shit . 
  no , fuck off . 
  maybe he should n't have gotten it in the first place , but do n't cheapen the entire fucking concept even fucking further with your idiotic fucking internet petition . 
  use a lot of consonants in cluster and pretend it 's a word . 
  psssft . 
  lrn2germ . 
  do n't you think it might be a leeeeetle awkward to compare him to hitler ? 
  i agree to help bail you out of upvote-droughts . 
  i love you for that courage-reference . 
  together with a hamlet one . 
  do n't talk about politics ? 
  what 's the point of politics if you ca n't talk about them, 
  watch your mouth or they 'll put a bullet in . 
  clarification , [ one of few punk-songs i remember lyrics of . 
  aside from london calling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf798lzhtdg ) . 
  i see no reason to blame the ` provoker ' over the bastards who actually socked him in the face . 
  he 's an idiot but pretends you are . 
  lol , no . 
  it ... it 's beautiful . 
  somehow . 
  context is terrible of course , but this picture i just ca n't get over . 
  fair enough , i 'll endeavour to call you eesti bastards eesti ( bastards ) when next i need speak of your country . 
  :p or wait , what 's your preferred demonym ? 
  what do estonians call estonia ? 
  in dutch it 's estland , is this better or worse than estonia ? 
  it 's like finland only baltic . 
  really nice flag . 
  dude living in the next room on this floor keeps mistaking baltic for balkan when talking about the girl who lived in my room before i did . 
  you 're a chili pepper . 
  i sees , quite interesting . 
  kent and cant also both look a lot like dutch ` kant ' ; side , edge . 
  ( and a type of velvet , but that 's less important . ), 
  must be a pie root , i guess . 
  none of that was prejorative , get your imagined circlejerk out of your silly head , he was merely posting his own experiences .
