  yep post-treaty of verdun . 
  mind you , these are charlemagne 's son 's sons . 
  lothar , louis and charles . 
  the whole thing left me introspective . 
  every page . 
  it 's a classic . 
  i 've read only bits of it . 
  ` stoner ' is somehow both incredibly interesting and bafflingly boring . 
  a very good read but i never finished it . 
  an intriguing glimpse in an insipid life . 
   i want to keep on reading flemish ( or dutch ) classics . 
  any suggestions ? 
  * max havelaar * ? 
  anti, 
  recently finished re-reaing a bunch of discworld books ( rip ; __  , the npicked bernard cornwell 's 1356 to re-read and also recently started * kropotkin : the conquest of bread and other writings * ( cambridge texts in the history of political thought ), 
  possibly more so than what might come after . 
  meh , i 'm of the opinion that it 's just not quite finished yet . 
  i 'm not sure how anyone could complain about vice either . 
  the most recent episode did feel a bit more slapstick though, 
  on a similiar note `` sweet child o ' mine '' recently keeps bringen snow leopards to my mind . 
  ohlol wow . 
  guess i 've not been paying well enough attention . 
  a shovel could be possible though , someone just mucking about in their yard and thwapping the bird one . 
  who the fuck puts helmets on owls . 
  wait up ... what top gear fracas ? 
  seriously , you should schedule an appointment with some of that barbaric refuse . 
  dunno about tipped off , but the situation was nigh volatile anyway . 
  austria going into serbia like that simply triggered a whole lotta shit beyond serbian control . 
  and austrian monarchy took roughly the wrongest steps possible irt serbia and the black hand . 
  is it ? 
  cool . 
  where is your ` here ' ? 
  kibbeling is basically small chunks of lekkerbek . 
  maybe a bit different fish . 
  :p the garlicky mayo , i forget the name , is indeed really good with it . 
  i should get some tomorrow , i think . 
  yeah but at most that 's boring . 
  google ` balut ' and i think the durian fruit is also philipine , not sure . 
  supposedly smells like hell . 
  rookworst in the world . 
  :p not sure if separate language . 
  maybe it 's like plat dutch low saxon with lots of different forms . 
  i used to have ` de grutte kleau ' asterix about that separated village in frisian . 
   shaving the armpits is a hygiene thing , you just friggin rinse it out . 
  deoderize a bit . 
  i can prossibly understand it when i hear it and puzzle it out when read . 
  but beyond aping it i ca n't say i could speak it . 
  :p tangenitally ; i used to have a teacher who translated ast\u00e9rix the gaul to low saxon . 
  there was a bit of a wikiwar when he passed away . 
  tiny one . 
  because ` interesting ' is trumped by perception of ` necessary ' . 
  my native tongue is the bildtish dialect spoken by at most a few thousand ( if that ) people . 
  i kinda needed dutch as well , and english and frisian seemed fun and i can usually puzzle out german . 
  i found learning words from related languages also makes for greater comprehension of the own . 
  but maybe that 's a practical utility . 
  also it can be fun . 
  like how the danes almost write civilized but swap vowel sounds around and have malunctioning g 's behind every other word and simply * ca n't count . 
  and a bunch of them can reasonably claim to speak the four west-germanic languages to some extent . 
  i like to think i make a mean spaghetti, 
  leader of polls dont mean shit . 
  besides he was once very near a chance but more or less collapsed the cabinet . 
  i dpnt think he wants more than be opposition . 
  he never seems quite serious in a bid for premierhood . 
  also ethnic tension , hostile neighbours etc. 
   no , half the stuff is n't . 
  lol ` half the stuff is n't x ' means almost the same as ` half the stuff is x ', 
  except politicians get votes by explaining their intentions and thereby at least hinting at solutions . 
  i have this hunch i know who you think pimmeh should vote for , and the leader of that party never explains intentions and certainly never hints at solutions . 
  it ca n't be a surprise people do n't vote his party if he never actually seems to have a plan beyond ` say outrageoust stuff and hope it sticks ' . 
  what 's ubi then ? 
  cool !, 
  so what 's the rhubarb about ? 
  ah , so the french are better at english than the english . 
  good show . 
  hey dutch has the ` boe noch bah ' thing . 
  only i think ` boe ' refers to cattle , not ghosts . 
  same as an anglophone . 
  poorly . 
  poor ignored k. :(, 
  jihad , vergess dein r\u00dccksacke nicht -- my german is a failure . 
  that has even strooonger associations, 
  eh , does n't jihad mean struggle ? 
  i imagine his mother definitely struggled bringing something that size into this world, 
  ssh, 
  also you * can * check out but you 're not allowed to . 
  oh god when you join please tell them to remove those straps from their hats . 
  poland then , we have our own mexicelgium . 
  what the fuck this song just appeared like three hours ago in an art lesson today . 
  a bit after some of my classmates were discussing that they were going to rock werchtel . 
  sorry , i 'd never seen that picture . 
  a pretty good one though . 
  breathless is right about the bikestealing by the nazi troops , but also because it would probably be a poor idea to leave it out what with invasion and all . 
  dont have one, 
  winning denied, 
  i 'd take my bicycle up in my room rather than leaving it in the street . 
  ukraine has been called nazi a spot more intensely . 
  joke denied . 
  i thought it was intended as a comparison between the ideologies rather than the attempts-at-implementation by totalitarian dickheads, 
   about nazi germany and soviet union 's idealogy uh were we ? 
  i thought we were comparing nazism with socialism .
