  congo , and recent human rights record , most likely . 
  a jolly good question . 
  fairly sure those were cockroaches in the game street wars . 
  she 's a jellyfish . 
  ( qualle ), 
  . . a cold soup ? 
  beer  no beer . 
  a bowl of cold hops ? 
  just see the w as an omega rather than a w in welsh context ( welsh is a w , though ; is germanic word . ), 
  same form as the cornish/breton ones . 
  bier  pivo, 
  interesting , so it 's a failure on the map ? 
  i see, 
  very interesting that all of italy except lil ' ol' wome went with the germanic root for beer . 
  that it 's erasmus , not erasums . 
  say no more , say no more , eh . 
  ( vicious rooster belonging to that swamp witch , righto ? ), 
  offense aside , is your username a reference to terry pratchett ? 
  and , was it as bad as you imagined ? 
  from reykjavic to valletta . 
  it will grow to cover extra-terrestrial colonies . 
  stylish scarves , just joined . 
  the fuck , who 'd add buxemlourg but not the nl ? 
  so silly . 
  probably true , but eh . 
  just because i paid for it does n't mean i want it , apparently . 
  i do n't think i 'm going to download/print stuff that is n't mine more so than i did . 
  i honestly think that looks kind of nice . 
  :( if a little megalomaniac . 
  's got a king . 
  who is also pope . 
  lettersgrey made a video about it . 
  riiiight . 
  that 's not what i said , dipstick . 
  i was sayign that even threads not about britain are soon appropriated by brits to become about britain . 
   we 're stick to death of hearing from a very vocal minority who feel it necessary to invade every fucking conversation with scottish-nationalism . 
  and / r/europe is sick of a very vocal british majority who feel the need to drag every attention to anything britain-related . 
  mayonnaise in dutch ought have a different pronunciation than mayonaise . 
  with ` yon ' rather than ` yo ' . 
  i was born in 1989 , i had neither french nor german in my elementary school . 
  no-one , that 's the veil . 
  they 're great for a group of peeps on the train , though i have absolutely no qualms sitting opposite strangers . 
  in fact , i like to greet them . 
  a ) those are n't pistolets , b ) they look perfectfor burgers . 
  that sounds and looks quite nice . 
  load of codswallop . 
  holy fuck , they left 64 people to die ? 
  do n't they ? 
  at least i was under the impression a lot of artefacts have been returned to both those countries , lately . 
  ... quite . 
  i disagree because you should only remove an influence when you 're sure it 's a bad one , and the best way to be sure is with evidence . 
  oh right . 
  that was my first thought , too . 
  but it starts with ` van der ' and is a masonry-related name ? 
  who 'd have thought . 
  as well , yeah . 
  the surname is enough to suggest being part of masonic organisations ? 
  ah , quite a mess . 
  :d funnily , ` vander ' surnames are often ` van der * whatever * ' in dutch , but in belgium and southern parts of the netherland it 's more often written in one word . 
  maybe this helps pin-point , if you were looking to do that . 
   i agree but it screws with data collection and table joins when we want to display pretty things . 
  so many non-standard transformations like `` dutch '' to `` netherlands '' and so on ... 
  probably true , i just read ` nationality ' and thus immediately skimmed for ` dutch ' , but the only d i saw was denmark , which added to the confusion . 
  :d  the balkans would have everyone here beat if that were the case . 
   eh , my home dialect could accurately be classed as ( lower frankic ) franco-frisian . 
  even though frisian itself is heavily influenced ( to an absurd amount ) by dutch ( lower frankic itself ) , my home form is still different . 
  that 's because you 're killing the economy , you 're supposed to rent the tanks there , like every other tourist does . 
  atheism is n't a religious belief either , but i suppose it 's simply easy and comprehensible to group them together with actual * religious * beliefs . 
  ooh , forgive me if this is rude ( as in , ruder than my other two comments to you ) , but irish from where ? 
  because dublin was founded by vikings , who had a reasonably strong position around there for a while . 
  merchant town mainly , iirc . 
  and if your irish ancestors were protestant , chances are good that there was quite some ( norman - ) english in it ; thus making even the irish `` tinged '' with germanicity in multiple ways . 
  ( especially if you 're going to be one of those pillocks to insist that normans are totes northmen , just look at the name yadayada . ), 
  you 're americans . 
  your ethnicity is american . 
  you happen to have a few grandparents from elsewhere , big whoop . 
  not gon na lie , the downvotes on this made me chuckle . 
  come here , nachbar , give me a hug . 
  as did i. eurovision was 1 , vatican city ( on repeat ) and ` germany ' . 
  it can work , but does n't . 
  :p ( wright brothers , though . ), 
  i commend your response to the fair critique . 
   there does n't need to be evidence of wrongdoing to remove him . 
  disagreed , but luckily , there 's a fair enough reason for removing him already ; he was ( aristo/pluto ? ), 
  * chosen * , not ( demo ) * elected *, 
  yeah , i wanted to pick beer and jesus . 
  godless eurobeaner commies are destroying christianity . 
  if a question asks ` nationality ' then it 's better to list the nationality rather than the country . 
  :p also ; dialects . 
  they are not officially languages , but i am often sorely tempted to include mine in ` how many do you speak ' questions . 
  also also ; thanks for the survey , it was actually quite interesting . 
  and happy cakeday . 
  eh , half-humans tended to also be half-god . 
  shit 's murky . 
  nevertheless he , as a titan , did something ( stole and gave fire ) which caused him to be considered a hero . 
  known for being both a hero and a titan , though . 
  been to belgium . 
  pretended to be a student . 
  seriously . 
  given that mexico and brazil are also ` united states ' - es , this might not be accurate enough .
