  it is better word than pineapple ) , we do n't add sugar , we do n't fry it . 
  at least , i 've never had that . 
  often it was warmed in a pan and we ate it with ( mashed ) potatoes and often rookworst . 
  seems pointless to me , though i 've always just walked on socks when indoors . 
  besides that , that picture is a rather peaceful gathering . 
  i never really did that , tbh . 
  i knew it was possible but i used my bridges for , well , bridging . 
  often my bridges were simply floors over empty space with traps on it . 
  masterful steel large serrated discs ought to make very short work of some dumb ol' horse . 
  personally i think horses should be slaughtered by implementing traps in a steeplechase course . 
  with those cool large serrated discs . 
  `` what is half black and does n't work '' `` london '' . 
  sort of like that . 
  i 'd rather ban assholes who just throw homophobic insults around . 
  this is n't op-is-a-faggot-and-we 're - never-funny / r/funny , for fuck 's sake , have some class . 
  is n't that ancestry stuff ( in this context ) mostly bollocks anyway ? 
   jus also coincidentally means sauce or juice in latin this bit surprises me given two points ; 1 ) the j in latin is a i. 
  ahh . 
  i had read , elsewhere , that ` ost ' and english ` juice ' shared a root , but i had n't extrapolated that to ` jus ' . 
  do n't bother using facts against those omg muslamic invasion retards . 
  it just does n't work . 
  true true , quite right . 
  interesting . 
  especially ` ekte geitost ' . 
  real goat cheese would be ` echte geitenkaas ' in dutch . 
  almost the same ekte , same geit ( geiten is plural ) only the ost is very different . 
  yeah , but surely no-one watches that for eight hours , but rather just use it as background sound ? 
  er , no thanks . 
  i know better sites to pointlessly waste my time on . 
  that must have lost popularity quite quickly then , as the only time i 've seen ` gib clay ' like that is in that same comic flyingorange linked here . 
  i 'm amused that this was listed right beneath a papal thread . 
  made me think of formosus . 
   i think we sometimes exagerrate its importance . 
  probably . 
  i mean , i have n't visited any of your fine nordic countries , but what i 'm reading seems unlikely to have a close semblance to reality . 
  that makes a significant amount of sense . 
  thanks , ex-parrot . 
  they did n't call the police anything . 
  i 'd be surprised if they did anything outside of the netherlands , but i rather like bol.com, 
  gib clay ? 
  aww . 
  i can dig that . 
   fries is vaag nee , jij bent vaag . 
  i had to upvote for mellifluous . 
  that word is not used often enough . 
  i prefer this one : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/indoeuropeantree.svg, 
   almost like dutch is a cross between german and danish . 
  this is not how languages work , though . 
  my driving instructor , years ago , once said he spoke english with limburgers because he had the thick accent of a bilkert ( like i do ) and they each spoke with thick limburgian accents . 
  even when both parties spoke * algemeen nederlands * . 
  i hereby solemnly vow that if someone tries to learn dutch at me , that i will let them speak dutch . 
  haha . 
  i actually - knew - a german who said he was learning dutch . 
  only i was simultaneously studying to translate in both english and german , so we never really got ` round to speaking dutch with each other . 
  not sure . 
  only that tolkien was racist . 
  i like you . 
  specifically ; amsterdam babies . 
  pfft , youtube keeps asking though . 
  wo n't take no for an answer , that 's for sure . 
  like he said ; palace . 
  that thing serves about as well as fortification as a box of crackers . 
  it 's rainin ' sideways . 
  call him hubert gruber . 
  the hague . 
  calling it hague is like calling new york york . 
  mine . 
  i dunno , but i think a citizen 's initiative ca n't arrange for that . 
  i think i agree with you on this , but perhaps the petition is more meant as a message to high roaming fees companies . 
  by mistakenly crouching over a fallen foeman 's face . 
   most european nations do n't have the colonial background surely you jest ? 
  did n't realize that that was what you meant . 
   the entire balkans region just needs to grow up . 
  most notably `` no , i am the greatgrandson of achilleus '' crybaby-twins greek nationalists and fyrom-nationalists . 
  anti-russia does not mean less influenced , though . 
  besides , he did mention that georgia is more anti-russia than armenia is . 
  heh , interesting how easily borders can be made . 
  france does ? 
  where ? 
  one of them islands , i presume ? 
  maybe you only think that because lee played both . 
  or saruman . 
  another interesting bit of trivia is that france and the nl border each other . 
  tiny numbers , nothing to worry about . 
  culture being overrun ; none at all . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i liket\u00fdr . 
  i was reading about shibboleths and mutually intelligble languages on wikipedia just thiis morning . 
  more like senator emperor palpatine . 
  the thick of it is fucking funny , though , hard to compare . 
   fyi , `` crisis eile '' means `` another crisis '' . 
  hehe , i thought it was a pun on both ` isle ' and ` eire . ', 
  80 of which twelve were a truce . 
   are vegetables , potatoes and a piece of meat . 
  but i love it . 
  all a dinner needs . 
  are n't you better off taking the bus in the nl anyways ? 
   when you pay with your card at a restaurant or caf\u00e9 , you usually type in the amount you want to pay yourself . 
  for realsies ? 
  over here we just stick card in , type our pin code , and that 's the transaction . 
  i 've neverb een able to type in how much i wanted to pay .
