  and lots of it . 
  this is bound to be troublesome . 
  just because hrolf ( rollo ) had a few buddies there does not mean normans started out as vikings . 
  if this is your logic then newfoundlanders are vikings , the people of york are vikings , dubliners are vikings , russians are vikings , etc. 
  hrolf landed there about two centuries before the normans came to be a real independent power , when he arrived he brought at most a small village worth of men . 
  the first norman leader may have been a viking , as hrolf did indeed get normandy in fief , but normans were not vikings in any sense except lingual . 
  did n't even know the man had tusks . 
  fair enough , i had n't heard about the hunger of greek children though . 
  also turcopoles , if you 've ever played the first medieval : total war . 
  hold up ; normans were never vikings . 
  other than that , i assume maltese is simply part of the io languages from whence swedish borg ( and also burg , burcht , burough , etc ) derived . 
  :p edit ; ooh and what mrfalken says here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1bapcc/map_of_the_most_common_surnames_in_europe/c95663d, 
  link ? 
  non-orthodox christians can as well . 
  are n't allowed to , though . 
  oh i thought the `` borg '' meant sicily . 
  somehow the childishly large font angered me . 
  i did n't read it , therefore , but merely scrolled past . 
   history does n't need to repeat , or even rhyme . 
  history , dear fellow , can not repeat . 
  it is impossible . 
  by its very nature history is non-repeatable . 
  entirely unique . 
  specific situations may later be accidentally emulated partially , though . 
  does greek government have money to provide free school lunches ? 
  more importantly ; is that really such an important factor ? 
  in the netherlands people usually bring their own lunch as well , or can buy them from school caterers . 
  or with the fact that individual european economies are not islands and indeed have interlocked since rather before the euro ? 
  compared to systematic persecution and subsequent execution of millions of people it 's quite mild , though . 
  businessinsider is merely continuing the narrative it had already decided on , it was n't intended as a factual assessment . 
  i was making a joke that the number is clearly far too high , dimbulb . 
  minoes and rover . 
  though i do n't think most cats and dogs are actually called that , those are the names that pop up easiest in my mind . 
  i know , i read that , but a change like that would probably be reported in dutch news as well , seeing as it 's practically unprecendented . 
  in that case ; * thanks , hungary * . 
  probably !, 
  fris is ` fresh ' in a refreshing sense , though . 
  in dutch i mean . 
  cool !, 
  :d from south of denmark , then ? 
  yes , that 's it !, 
  that 's what i meant , but i forgot the specifics . 
  the capital of gelderland ( geldern ) is also in germany . 
  yeah , i made a mistake though . 
  i thought ` jansen ' included ` janssen ' , ` jansens , ' etc , but it really is only ` jansen ' . 
  the two of us or are you referring to jansen/jensen ? 
  a ) what , really ? 
  a surprising course of action . 
  b ) damn , childish nonsense about ` war on christianity ' bloo bloo . 
  edit ; c ) smells like hokum . 
  a few google searches in dutch gave absolutely no results , though dutch media would probably have said something about it . 
   and btw. , this : [ 1 ] rasmus magnussen ( 1560 - 1670 ) is everybody 's 8th/9th or 10th great grandfather . 
  he fathered a son when he was 103 . 
  he was also a pirate , and had been a captain for the dutch forces in the dutch war of independence before that . 
  ... * dude * . 
   here 's eiv\u00f8r p\u00e1lsd\u00f3ttir with a faroese love song : [ 2 ] spellbound . 
  ... *** dude *** . 
  butterflies are purportedly in trouble as well . 
  about a month ago i went out looking fora plant butterflies like ( though i do n't have a garden ) with the intention of leaving my window open , but winter rebooted . 
  haven ' t seen a butterfly yet and the plant ( a muscari ) i bought has finished blooming . 
  berlusconi is n't that old . 
  i also have the feeling that refernces to ` berg ' are most common in dutch low saxon areas , and in the south of the netherlands . 
  wonder how accurate that is . 
  there 's near aken also an area called ` berg ' ( probably has a lot of mountains ) but that 's nnothing to do with what the results on that map show either . 
  i ai n't care about foosball . 
  * de jong * sounds probable . 
  though i have n't personally met very many with the name , i knew it was common . 
  second is jansen ( and forms thereof ) , similar to denmark , and third is , iirc , my own surname * de vries . 
  * ( quite literally ` the frisian ' . ), 
  and at least half of them is named hubert . 
  got ta be a smooth criminal . 
  return to the piss to its rightful owner . 
  chuck norris ought n't ever have been idolised either . 
  silly sausage , that man . 
  nah , of course not . 
  just pointing out that vladdy probably does n't give a flying fuck . 
  dude , are you serious ? 
  just because income over 1milion is taxed a spot more does n't mean that the people with such income are suddenly poor . 
  but yeah sure , meaningless plattitudes are easier for dismissing political opponents than actual arguments , eh ? 
  those are still temperatures . 
  entire towns have frozen to death . 
  building like that with electricty would still be a bad time bill-wise . 
  nope , eu follows the rules as have been laid out previously . 
  i can only suppose that italians kicked up a fuss , and eu had to act . 
  i suppose a croatian counter-fuss will be kicked up soon to ascertain for realsies that pro\u0161ek is something other than prosecco . 
  it slightly annoys me , a dutchman , but mainly for the shitty costumes in the movie ( s ) he and ` loki ' are in . 
  yeah , it does have a negative connotation in an as well . 
  a bit rude , to say the least . 
  not really flemish dialect , and wijf/weib are indeed practically the same word . 
  in frisian ` wiif ' is still used , more in the german sense than in the dutch one . 
  though ` frou/froulju ' also exists . 
  eu madness my anus , more likely italy claiming the term as a registered one . 
  do n't blame that on ` eu madness ' , they 're simply following , quite clearly , the same rules which mean that champagne has to come from champagne , bordeaux from the bordeaux etc. 
  * klaagvrouw * in dutch as well , though i had mostly seen it in an ancient egyptian context . 
  to shoot the buggers . 
  the last one , yeah . 
  the others less . 
  rose-tinted glasses , haw . 
  hel is proper spelling in nl as well . 
  when i first opened my eyes this morning around seven the roofs opposite my room ( no curtains , heh ) were powdered in white .
