  and why ca n't i order mango clothes from zalando.at in austria ? 
  yet it is possible for zalando.de to ship mango in germany ? 
  is the austrian postal service too expensive ? 
  i said the same thing in this thread . 
  diversity , tolerance and an open mind should be the most important elements of a good discussion . 
  i hate hate hate the red pill , yet i do n't think this should get you banned . 
  because who decides all that ? 
  what other subreddits should also be a reason to be banned ? 
  will everyone be banned who posts in those subreddits ? 
  automatically ? 
  no , it 's important to include a wide variety of opinions , to enable and further discussion . 
  this would just be the beginning of a boring , homogenized group with boring , homogenized views who pat themselves on the shoulders for their great world view . 
  do you know who really likes to ban people with opposing views ? 
  the people at the red pill . 
  so maybe that 's what my religion teacher was doing all the time in class , instead of teaching . 
  trolling some random internet forum !, 
  the author of this paper is extremely biased , which put me off after reading the first paragraphs . 
  bias , no matter what it concerns , should be avoided as much as possible in academical research . 
  i only had two classes about sociology , so i did n't study it , but he starts calculating with all kinds of estimates , after he openly admits that he has not enough data ( page 5 , sozialprofileffekte ) . 
  now that does n't impress me , though i understand , that young male workers in cities have a higher probability to become criminal . 
  why does he exclude asylum seekers ? 
  also , you 're cherry picking your quotes !, 
  so you picked a shitty , biased paper , cherry picked a quote that was based on wobbly estimates and not actual data and the same paper actually contradicts your point that immigrants are not more criminal than germans . 
  because the migrant parents are a-ok , but they ca n't teach their children to be as lawful as they are . 
  because their children are unemployed , isolated and impoverished . 
  well done , sir , well done !, 
  i would n't be that harsh if you did n't boast in your comment about your `` genuine scientific study '' . 
  has this really happened somewhere ? 
  in this article from 2008 ( http://diepresse.com/home/kultur/medien/436098/ein-drittel-der-journalisten-fuhlt-sich-grun ) it says that 34 % of journalists in austria would vote the greens and 9 % would vote the reds , both parties are left wing . 
  as it was only a survey , 30 % of the interviewed did n't say for which party they would vote . 
  what ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  it 's the same in styria in austria . 
  the fp\u00d6 is right wing and is third most voted : http://steiermark.orf.at/news/stories/2713698 and that happened even before summer . 
  now imagine the results of the next election !, 
  yeah right , the government subsidizing part time jobs that would otherwise not even pay the rent and therefore creating an artificially low unemployment !, 
  sounds like a real powerhouse to me . 
  source , although there are many others : http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idustre8170p120120208 on the other hand , i believe you were sarcastic . 
  throwing his own wife and baby on the tracks and endangering them ? 
  a little crazy ? 
  excuse me , but that is batshit insane as is his hitting himself on the head and throwing a tantrum like a little child . 
  yeah , what else to expect from derstandard.at !, 
  you 're saying that as if this has happened to you before ? 
  we have to rise up , we will defend ourselves . 
  a lot of pompous phrases , but very little content . 
  basically could be summed up by `` all nations should unite against terrorists '' . 
  as if that was so easy !, 
  and even for an opinion piece it 's far too emotional ( `` the ruthless murderers probably only understand the language of violence '' ) . 
  so this kind of new war , this terrorism , is very efficient in creating fear and the destabilisation of a whole nation . 
  this was carried out by a few people and will have a lasting impact on millions and millions of people . 
  the states are huge organisations , slow , over burdened with bureaucracy that is caused by democracy . 
  democracy is good in a developed world without violence . 
  but these overburdened states wo n't be able to react as fast as is , as they 're not bound to the same rules . 
  the measures that the states take , are already going into the direction of a totalitarian state , for example more surveillance for innocent citizens . 
  but this was n't effective to prevent terror in the past , so it wo n't do any good to go further down this road . 
  this , just like the mass immigration of refugees , is a completely new situation and is handled very poorly by western states . 
  while terror attacks are carried out , the politicians sit and talk and discuss and talk some more . 
  they 're removed from the world , they 're living in their ivory towers . 
  democracy is a big achievement , but in a crisis it can be a hinderance . 
  i expect to see more measures that compromise and weaken democracy . 
  i do n't expect it to work . 
  maybe fight fire with fire ? 
  terror attacks on is carried out by the west ? 
  what would happen then ? 
  well , something on the scale of 9/11 does n't just happen with the snip of a finger . 
  it needs preparation and so it ca n't just happen every year or even every five years . 
  was n't there a shooting in a swedish school where a white male murdered a muslim ? 
  that happened some time ago , but i have n't anything about it since then . 
  they `` let '' the people in because they ca n't do anything . 
  if austria and germany used force against the refugees all hell would break loose in europe . 
  all that other bullshit of aging population and so on , these are just excuses to cover up the fact that two states have , in essence , given up . 
  they did that in my country . 
  then the asylant suffocated on the air plane because of a duct tape that was placed over his mouth . 
  i ca n't remember his name , it was something that started with a. 
  maybe someone else remembers it ? 
  very interesting , i found it and now i 'll watch the episode where she visited the vienna opera ball . 
  in the article the human trafficker claimed that a visa would be included . 
  of course there is no way to know if it 's true . 
  what ? 
  where did you read that ? 
  a woman harrassed him at the bus stop . 
  `` whilst this was terrifying on its own in retrospect what was more chilling is that not one single person at the bus stop said or did anything as this was going on and there were about 15 people there , it was almost as if we were invisible , '' he wrote on his blog . '', 
  that 's very typical for austria . 
  people can be extremely distant and keep to themselves , they do n't want to be involved . 
  if someone is injured they 're very helpful , but if someone is verbally ( not physically ) harrassed it 's common that no one helps . 
  outsiders often say that people are cold and impolite , but that 's just how it is . 
  no one means to be unfriendly , but a certain distance has to be kept . 
  also , oversharing or tmi during small talk is very bad . 
  at least where i 'm from . 
  `` in spite of the many atrocities alleged to have been committed in the concentration camps , the nazis did not officially sanction cruelty to the prisoners . 
  all punishments and executions had to be cleared with the main office in oranienburg . '', 
  http://www.scrapbookpages.com/buchenwald/atrocities.html this may sound contradictory , but that 's what 's so unbelievable about concentration camps . 
  how it was so cold blooded , efficient and organized . 
  that would 've never worked with insane people who make lamp shades out of human skin . 
  i remember a prisoner once wrote how it was unbelievable for him that the nazi guards just left after their work and that they went back to their families to eat dinner , as if it was just another normal job . 
  let 's see if this will remain this way . 
  i would n't be surprised if they would make some drastic changes . 
  `` fifty percent of the people i know want to get out , '' says naheed farid , 31 , a member of parliament from herat who studied in the united states . 
  many of her friends are intellectuals with university degrees and international connections . 
  they are part of a young elite that ought to be leading the country into the future . '',
