they should be as neutral as possible . 
  i read two articles about current media , explained it very well . 
  someone called it monothematischer journalismus and accused the media of manipulating and actively engaging the readers : http://www.wolfgangmichal.de/2015/09/monothematischer-journalismus/ another article compared it with the summer fairy tale of 2006 : http://www.taz.de/willkommenskultur-und-patriotismus/!5232927/, 
  because they believe in it . 
  that guy genuinely believed that the holocaust was a lie . 
  he also said that hitler cared for the german people and everything was better then . 
  they romanticize the past and deny uncomfortable facts . 
  and what about people with immunodeficiency ? 
  and tuberculosis ? 
  in d\u00fcsseldorf a refugee was found with that disease and six people who lived with him had to be treated , they do n't know yet if they contracted it . 
  http://www.rp-online.de/nrw/staedte/duesseldorf/duesseldorf-tuberkulose-bei-fluechtling-bestaetigt-aid-1.5405335 btw , the man with leprosy had documents with him that stated that he had the disease , yet he was there for weeks before they found out . 
  not enough personnel and lacking organisation . 
  there are not enough doctors , at least according to this interview with two german doctors in dresden : http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2015-08/dresden-zeltstadt-fluechtlinge-medizinische-versorgung i can translate a summary if you want to . 
  that was exactly what i was talking about in another thread . 
  the whole discussion is emotionally loaded . 
  now i 'm not saying that being emotional is bad . 
  actually i think no discussion can be void of emotion . 
  but this crisis touches on some of the most deep-seated fears that people have . 
  and to be completely honest , this is a historical moment . 
  never before has modern europe seen immigration on such a scale in such a short time period . 
  the systems that are in place for asylum were never prepared for this numbers nor were governments prepared . 
  europe is weakened after the financial and euro crisis , for example in my country they 've been saving money in the public sector for years and now we do n't have enough police men . 
  through the crisis there were more and more problems between the european states . 
  the refugee crisis just brings all those issues into broad daylight . 
  and the people ? 
  they 're scared and fear is a powerful motivation . 
  they see governments unable to cope and they turn to far right wing parties . 
  or they become more extreme in the leftist views . 
  either way , no extreme is good . 
  and through all of this the media is driving an obvious agenda , cherry picking articles , leaving out information , not stating numbers correctly . 
  like the bbc did with the video of the refugee in hungary that threw his wife and baby to the ground . 
  people lose trust in the media . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  and i would n't be surprised if they get most of the votes in vienna , as it was far more impacted by the crisis than upper austria . 
  the sp\u00d6 has lost many voters , i think it was the party that was most impacted . 
  as an austrian i have witnessed this for years , this problem that is getting bigger and bigger and everyone ignored it . 
  there are and were people who were concerned by immigration and no one listened to them . 
  they were n't taken seriously and everyone just labeled them as nazis . 
  this is a bit off topic , but i need to get this out . 
  accusing someone of being a nazi is a very serious insult and should n't be used lightly . 
  i spent all my life learning about the nazis and wwii and concentration camps and even now i have only a slight grasp on how it was possible that all those monstrosities were committed . 
  if someone would call me nazi i would be deeply shocked and genuinely hurt . 
  so this accusation should be used with great thought , it 's serious . 
  so these people that no one listened to were pushed into a corner and silenced . 
  of course they turned to the fp\u00d6 , the only pary that seems to understand them and value their concerns . 
  the people forget the scandals and the corruption that the fp\u00d6 was part of and they ignore the questionable ties that some ( or many , i do n't know ) party members have . 
  i ca n't count how many times i heard people say that the fp\u00d6 was the only party that listened to them . 
  some said that they do n't even agree with the other policies of the party , they only voted for them because of the whole migration issue and that they saw no alternative . 
  and they 're kind of right , the fp\u00d6 is the only party that goes against the left wing narrative that is wide spread amongst the austrian intellectual and political elite . 
  now this is a broad generalization and problematic , i 'm aware of this . 
  fp\u00d6 voters are called imbeciles , they 're made fun of and they 're portrayed as mentally retarded . 
  but that just pours oil into the fire and further alienates those people that just want to be heard . 
  it drives them straight into the arms of the fp\u00d6 . 
  people who are otherwise moderate and who would otherwise vote for a party that is more in the middle . 
  but this way they 're pushed to the edge . 
  i think what we need now more than ever is unity . 
  a clear sound mind , open discussion , empathy on every side . 
  and we should leave the words `` nazi '' and `` gutmensch '' completely out of it . 
  we need solutions , a definite plan . 
  we owe that to the refugees and to the austrian people , no more fucking around . 
  if the people would see that the current government is able to face this crisis they might change their opinion about voting for the fp\u00d6 . 
  you have to differ between the party and its members . 
  while the official party program may not be far right , many people who are involved with the fp\u00d6 have connections to the `` neo nazi '' scene or older instituitions like `` schlagende bruderschaften '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/studentenverbindung#controversy not all people who are part of those studentenverbindungen are automatically nazis . 
  but in my personal experience , the only person i ever met who denied the holocaust was a member of a studentenverbindung . 
  austrians are well aware of the ties that the politicians of the fp\u00d6 have . 
  every little slip up is documented in the media and they bombard every one with it for weeks . 
  like when the party leader christian strache held up three fingers as a greeting gesture , which seems to be a common nazi greeting . 
  that was a huge scandal and no one could escape it . 
  an article if you 're interested in sources : http://www.oe24.at/oesterreich/erstes-foto-von-fpoe-chef-strache-mit-neo-nazi-gruss/76669, 
  yes , more moderate opinions would be very welcome . 
  i 'm glad to see that others think so as well . 
  thanks for posting this article . 
  and they could check for infectious diseases like leprosy or tuberculosis , because this should n't be forgotten as well . 
  whatever , if germany did n't sell them weapons another country would gladly take its place . 
  why ? 
  could you eli5 this for me ? 
  i do n't know much about military . 
  whatever is going on with that woman , it does n't matter . 
  what matters is that this is exactly the kind of stuff that drives normal , average voters into the arms of far right wing parties . 
  it 's almost provoking them . 
  and i agree completely , the quality of political discourse is intolerable . 
  there is no middle ground . 
  you 're either a crazy xenophobic nazi or an irrational bleeding heart communist . 
  it 's almost as if the situation pushes people over the edge . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  if you think that i was so unfriendly , why `` stoop '' to my level and be impolite as well ? 
  just try to avoid this word in the future , nothing good comes of it . 
  my father works for the government in austria and he says that almost no one is deported after they 're rejected . 
  i noticed that statistical evidence is hard to find for this claim . 
  at least when i tried . 
  why communist ? 
  why is this upsetting you so much anyway ? 
  the comment was n't even directed towards you . 
  and calling people assholes ? 
  wtf ? 
  yes , thank you for saying that !, 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm just getting tired of all the people who complain about this sub . 
  it 's the internet , no one forces anyone to be here . 
  you 're free to leave anytime then . 
  that is the best explanation i 've read so far why so many people who are generally `` left '' turn to the right wing parties .
