  i guess you may be more open towards foreigners if you grew up with migrants or if some of your friends are migrants . 
  seems logic to me . 
  but this is n't the same , it ca n't be compared . 
  the people experience a sudden influx of people with a completely different culture and different values . 
  that seems to me like cultural shock on both sides to me . 
  are there many people that are surprised by this ? 
  i had contact with a muslim in the firm i worked and he would n't shake my hand either . 
  he clashed with a woman in the firm who was an outspoken feminist . 
  he also wanted everyone to remove their crucifix necklaces or crucifixes hanging on the wall ( there were none , but whatever ) . 
  also , no one was allowed to pray near him . 
  there were nearly 40 people working there and he was the only muslim . 
  still , he stirred the place up like no one else . 
  after two months the boss had to fire him as he was causing too much unrest . 
  the boss has given foreigners , who could barely speak german , a chance before and sometimes it worked out . 
  but not this time . 
  i think there should be more media coverage because i ca n't remember that i 've read about a similar event before . 
  but it happens and we should know about that . 
  of course it 's not a 100 % guarantee , but maybe a good psychologist could have recognized warning signs . 
  it 's the same in austria . 
  though a friend , who 's a psychology major , said that these people sometimes ca n't be helped because they do n't want help . 
  interesting , i did n't know that !, 
  i just thought they 're biblical names . 
  that would require an efficient organization and as every country is overburdened right now , that 's probably not possible . 
  this is understandable , i 'd probably do the same . 
  their relatives do n't need more stuff to deal with , that tragedy is enough as it is . 
  i feel sorry for them , such a random and cruel murder . 
  so maybe people who were rejected and angry and desperate should be monitored or get psychlogical help ? 
  because that seems to wreak havoc on some migrants . 
  well , they 're named abraham and yohannes or something like that , they did n't even need to mention that . 
  thanks for mentioning my name , did n't think that my simple question would blow up like that . 
  that 's true . 
  i 'm used from our media that they 'll say a few words about the victim . 
  but i did n't think of their ethnicity , that 's obvious from their names . 
  i 'm just used from austrian media that they 'll say a few words about them , where they live , their occupation , if they 're married . 
  just random stuff . 
  that 's all . 
  i did n't mean it because of their ethnic origins . 
  that 's pretty obvious from their names . 
  but the extreme influx has n't happened in january , it has started in august when the borders were opened . 
  so we 're only looking at two months . 
  also the amount of refugees is getting higher and higher by the day and `` piling '' up . 
  so they 're only now getting desperate for more housing options . 
  and for that short time period three incidents is n't so few . 
  that 's what i thought when i saw the first news of the refugee crisis . 
  that the hate could be targeted at `` old '' immigrants , who lived in peace before that . 
  it 's like they 're being punished for something they did n't do . 
  i completely understand your fear . 
  and they 're in danger to be the target of immigrant hate that is sparked by the refugee crisis . 
  at least in austria that 's because apprenticeship is absolutely shitty . 
  if you 're unlucky you 're being used as a cheap labourer and then thrown away after a few years . 
  and you 're entirely dependent on your master . 
  if he does n't teach you properly you 're fucked . 
  apprenticeship is n't really standardized like school education , you 'll depend on your master . 
  no wonder no one wants that anymore . 
  maybe if those companies showed somne effort to improve conditions like a guarantee for a secure job after the last exam , maybe then more people would take on an apprenticeship . 
  but instead they whine and nag about the stupid labourers and how poor they are that they ca n't find more fachkr\u00e4fte . 
  so , like all of the economy basically ? 
  first lure them into the country with promises and willkommenskultur , knowing that their degrees will never be approved and then use them as cheap slave labourers ? 
  no , in all seriousness i thought it was only a matter of time until someone would say that . 
  thanks for posting this , just two days ago i tried to find a newer article about it , but only found some from august . 
  which i found odd as it was a major event . 
  and even this article lacks information about the victims . 
  in austria too . 
  you get unlimited free coffee with your family card , even if you do n't buy any food in the cafeteria . 
  there 's also a smoked fish buffet . 
  the food is very cheap , but good . 
  actually all the bigger furniture markets here have cafeterias . 
  a while ago one advertised turkey schnitzel with french fries for 2 $ , that 's even cheaper than a glass of mineral water . 
  you could have provided me with links to articles to better my `` ignorance '' , instead you insult me . 
  there are quite a few people on this subreddit who tell similar stories . 
  i wonder why some have problems and some do n't . 
  do you know where the refugees near you come from ? 
  it 's impossible to give numbers yet , the situation is too chaotic and new so that statistical evidence ca n't be found yet . 
  the discussion around immigration is so emotionally loaded and overburdened with political agendas that everyone has a confirmation bias . 
  at least that 's how it looks to me . 
  what rapes ? 
  never heard of that . 
  only general , vague accusations in undefined articles . 
  do you have links to some articles ? 
  if it was because a rejection of his asylum application it needs to be acknowledged that this puts the person psychologically in a dangerous , desperate and aggressive situation . 
  there should be psychlogical help or monitoring if the person is behaving strange . 
  i mean it 's understandable , is n't it ? 
  all the dreams destroyed , nothing left . 
  must be like a hit in the stomach . 
  the somali who stabbed two people to death this year in sweden in an ikea was also rejected . 
  i love arrested development , 
  that 's what i do n't understand about those parties . 
  i 'll take `` die gr\u00fcnen '' from my country as an example . 
  their beliefs seem more like a collection of attidudes that establish you as open-minded , progressive and intellectual . 
  they contradict themselves all the time . 
  they 're incoherent . 
  their history is n't as grounded , their background is weak and unstable . 
  that 's why they 'll never get the majority of votes . 
  `` the sun just prints a picture of merkel with a hitler mustache juxtaposed to photos of those killed . '', 
  that was genius !, 
  i know it 's fictional , but if germany closed its borders i 'm sure they 'd just stay in austria or move on to sweden . 
  was step 6 inspired by the people in hungary who threw children over the fence because they thought then the policemen would let them in ? 
  still not sure if that 's even true . 
  i read somewhere that they brought some to birkenau . 
  they have to be really desperate to find room for them .
