  it 's strange how so many news stories contain bits like this . 
  in the beginning someone said in all seriousness that more than half of the refugees are doctors . 
  and that only the rich can afford the traffickers . 
  yet in this article an extremely poor family that had almost nothing managed to collect 2000 $ for their escape . 
  a direct flight would cost 20000 , and i 'm pretty sure that 's what someone would do , that is actually rich . 
  me too . 
  i was n't sure why at first , but what annoys me most is the recycled , cliched dialogue . 
  is that all you 've got ? 
  she/he 's behind me , is n't she/he ? 
  we 've got company . 
  do n't you die on me !, 
  tell x i love him/her . 
  i did n't sign up for this . 
  ca n't hear it anymore . 
  it 's just lazy , uninspired writing . 
  i 'll stop here , before this turns into a rant though !, 
  sounds good to me , 
  though a bit more diversity would be great to get new ideas . 
  i watch a lot of movies and i ca n't watch hollywood films anymore , because every line of dialogue has been said before in one of the other 1.000.000 hollywood films . 
  and i would like to see more original german/austrian films that make fun of our own culture . 
  so , music , food , food and food :d, 
  if you go by `` what had the most impact '' , then yes !, 
  that 's actually a good answer !, 
  new zealand or canada . 
  norway is also interesting . 
  of course , you 're only human . 
  i should have reported it , never done that before , so i did n't think of it . 
  so , there are many reports ? 
  i also did n't know that . 
  but as i said , i 'm glad that there are mods and thank you for doing what you 're doing , 
  it was deleted and then someone complained about that here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europemeta/comments/3poevy/guilded_top_comment_removed_from_thread_in_no_way/ the deleting was undone after that . 
  thanks for deleting the `` vermins '' comment , i mean i 'm glad that there are people who do this voluntarily in their free time . 
  i was just surprised that one of the comments , that was just deleted , was already two hours old and no one had deleted it . 
  so my comment got deleted , but calling human beings vermin and trash is alright ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  where are the mods ? 
  and how do they choose what is bad enough so that it 's deleted ? 
  this could be said for any close-minded group that does n't tolerate or even consider the views of an opposing group . 
  yes , that 's just typical . 
  i mean the goverments ca n't really expect people to tolerate this shit . 
  what i just do n't get is why they think that they 're so superior . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't understand . 
  how is that word used ? 
  is it a slur for immigrants ? 
  i have n't noticed it yet . 
  what 's suddenly with all the people in austria going bonkers over scandinavia ? 
  from every direction i hear someone that wants to move there . 
  the inner city of vienna is probably populated with some of the richest people in austria . 
  houses that are modern and built in inner cities are insanely expensive . 
  but the poorest people do n't necessarily live in the suburbs . 
  the suburbs can be also expensive as many people move there to build a house and to start a family . 
  the poorest people are somewhere inbetween the inner city and the green suburbs . 
  just wanted to say that as it 's a very different situation in europe when compared to the us . 
  this is what people who do n't live in a city with lots of muslims just do n't get . 
  they have never stared into the face of a muslim who just spit in their direction . 
  they 've never seen the self-entitled , smug and proud expression in their faces . 
  and you have made a great distinction that other migrants , for example asians , never behave that way . 
  yesterday a 12-year-old austrian boy was bullied by two arabs in the tram . 
  they mocked him and treated him as if he was inferior . 
  an older man stepped in and they treated him just as bad . 
  they have no respect , regardless of age or position . 
  they must think they 're superior . 
  that 's a really interesting interview . 
  my french is n't very good , but i found the following extract outstanding : `` je ne suis ni arabe , ni fran\u00e7ais , je suis musulman ... dans la rue , on dit bonjour \u00e0 quelqu'un : `` pourquoi vous dites bonjour ? 
  so being a muslim gives him the opportunity to be part of something bigger , to be a member of a group and it gives him an identity . 
  he thinks other muslims are like brothers to him even though he does n't know them . 
  it creates an instant deep connection between people . 
  to me this sounds as if he 's been really lost . 
  actually a bit like the kind of people that sects pray on ... 
  that 's just awful . 
  i have moved to a worse neighborhood a few years ago and now i 've also experienced all of these things . 
  though i have to admit it happens only at night . 
  i do n't know what it is with muslim men , why are they so disrespectful towards women ? 
  our governments do n't do the job that they 're supposed to do . 
  they just let a faceless mass of people wash over europe and they just stand by and do nothing . 
  it 's almost unbelievable , the whole insanity of it . 
  and as you said , they just do n't know what it 's like in european countries . 
  they think they can behave exactly the same way they did at home . 
  sadly it 's not so easy to deport them . 
  actually the absolute majority of rejected asylants stays in austria because they ca n't be sent back to their country . 
  it 's just ... 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cry anymore . 
  i wanted to say the same thing . 
  people lose themselves easily in discussions about little unimportant details and that 's not really helping anyone . 
  i mean that 's just a waste of time . 
  this is so true !, 
  you do n't understand this until you 've experienced it yourself . 
  yes , the people who wo n't change are clearly a problem . 
  but there are many migrants who live peacefully and who are also successful business owners that really enrich society . 
  a primary example would be the kebap joints all over germany and austria . 
  or they just work and contribute to society , as long as they integrate and do what they 're supposed to do . 
  it 's not fair to say that absolutely all immigrants are a threat and bad . 
  but in the last years there have been more and more problems with muslims and i think this should be acknowledged and addressed by politicians . 
  that poor girl . 
  and sadly telling the teachers wo n't help because the parents of the immigrants probably would n't punish their children . 
  it 's stories like these that make me question if immigration and integration really works . 
  i 'm not sure why there are people who are so optimistic about it . 
  i also do n't want to go out at night anymore . 
  i live in a bad neighborhood and if i want to go home late at night ( after midnight ) i always take a taxi that brings me to my doorstep . 
  i had some bad experiences , i know that i 'm not imagining things .
