  i read above that over three years is only for really serious crimes . 
  crazy !, 
  that whole asylum process should n't last that long !, 
  further from the border food and water arrived , migrants started to fight . 
  wtf is it always with the food and water causing riots ? 
  a constant source of problems as it seems ? 
  i do n't know about those polls . 
  i was once an interviewer for a poll and believe me , i was too lazy to choose the interviewed people randomly . 
  they were all friends of my parents and therefore all the data was only from one segment of society . 
  completely useless . 
  300 took part in the `` demonstration '' : http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article146485153/ungarn-setzt-traenengas-und-wasserwerfer-gegen-fluechtlinge-ein.html you 're cherry picking data . 
  you 're watching one short video and then you 're underestimating the number of people who really took part . 
  then you go on and pick the number of all estimated refugees that will immigrate in 2015 . 
  you may have noticed that 2015 is n't over yet , so this number is irrelevant for now . 
  you obviously have an agenda . 
  please do n't call other people stupid and incapable of basic statistics . 
  https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ausl\u00e4nderkriminalit\u00e4t very informative !, 
  here is statistical data on the percentage of crimes committed by foreigners in germany : https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ausl\u00e4nderkriminalit\u00e4t, 
  that is really sad . 
  those poor people who work in that grocery store , they should be protected by the police . 
  the whole situation is absolutely insane . 
  that sounds all very reasonable , but this goes beyond asylum politics . 
  it seems difficult for governments to stop pushing their agenda for once and do some real work . 
  they do n't find a sane middle ground , they fight to tooth and nail for months or even years and if they really manage to do something , it 's a sad lukewarm compromise . 
  yet , somehow they manage to further cold progression and to lower taxes for big corporations ( like they did with the k\u00f6st in austria ) . 
  i think this is really just the tip of the iceberg . 
  years of inefficieny and dumbfuckery beneath the surface are brought to the surface in a crisis where efficient and well planned behaviour would be essential . 
  `` asked about the option for soldiers to use firearms if the government goes ahead with plans to declare a status of crisis , simicsko said that this is only an option if the lives of soldiers or police officers must be protected . '', 
  http://dailynewshungary.com/hungary-to-have-4300-soldiers-at-serbian-border-by-weekend-photos/ seems like you wo n't have to wait very long for the first shootings at an european border . 
  there is a discussion happening right now on orf , official austrian broadcast . 
  the foreign minister basically said that austria has to do the same thing that germany did . 
  he did n't spell it out , but it seems he meant closing the border . 
  oh vienna has enough of those areas !, 
  graz as well . 
  that 's true . 
  in austria a lot of politicians should be in jail , but somehow they are n't . 
  in austria it would n't be that easy . 
  our only far right-wing party attracts about 25 % of the votes currently , but i ca n't imagine that they would ever get more than 50 % . 
  until that happens they have to make a coalition , which is mostly the \u00d6vp , our right-wing conservative party . 
  and the \u00d6vp treats immigrations and refugees the same way our left-wing parties treat it : they support it . 
  so unless something insane happens it 's highly unlikely that they would ever get the majority . 
  and australia has it easy as they have their own fucking continent and are n't a banana republic in the middle of a gazillion other countries that they depend on . 
  that would cause an absolutely insane shitstorm and outrage amongst every leftist . 
  i live in fairly small city , 250 000 inhabitants . 
  every now and then a group of people finds something to demonstrate about and it 's always the people who vote for left parties . 
  and it 's mostly about benign , unimportant stuff . 
  they regularly manage to gather up 3000 or more people for that . 
  now imagine what would happen if refugees were denied food . 
  they would go batshit crazy . 
  i do n't find that small at all , i was shocked when i read this . 
  i 've never seen someone treated this way in my country . 
  i mean of course we 're not perfect , but i would n't think that a muslim would do such a thing . 
  the commenter above said for the whole duration of the war instead of putting them in houses . 
  how lovely , i was looking for a news article of traiskirchen and found this one where refugees set fire to matresses because of the `` conditions '' : http://www.thelocal.at/20150603/tents-for-refugees-in-traiskirchen-centre, 
  before you could even build up the first tent you as a politician or your country would be screamed down by other countries in the eu for violating human rights , for being a racist and a nazi . 
  i mean there are people who live in traiskirchen in austria in tents now and my country has been called racist and a violator of human rights for weeks for that . 
  it should n't , but honestly , what should the governments do ? 
  they ca n't shoot the people and how else do you prevent so many people from walking where ever they want to ? 
  how awful !, 
  that 's what they always do , enrich themselves and their friends out of the taxpayer 's pocket . 
  depends if he really injured her . 
  i could easily imagine that this story would find its way into a small regional austrian newspaper . 
  you lucky one , you do n't know yet !, 
  prepare yourself if you go there , you 'll lose a little bit of faith in humanity . 
  that 's awful !, 
  we have similar politicians in austria and their smugness is what gets me the most as they always know they 'll get away with anything . 
  the judicial system only punishes us filthy peasants . 
  that was a misunderstanding then . 
  without sarcasm , i 'm genuinely used to that when my government meets that nothing comes out of it and all go home at the end of the day . 
  so basically it can be compared to austria 's fp\u00d6 . 
  they also have a lot of easy solutions or they 're just nagging and disturbing any meaningful decision making . 
  great !, 
  40c is unbearable !, 
  but that drop in temperature was also extreme . 
  well , far-right is really a bit too much . 
  i mean there has to be some decency and tolerance . 
  but i was talking about people who are subscribers to the red pill , not about nazis . 
  what did he do ? 
  here in austria it went from 30c to 4c in the morning within a week . 
  and how do you predict something like the charlie hebdo incident ? 
  obviously , it was n't preventable . 
  thank you for saying that !, 
  everyone talks about racism , but anyone who grew up in such a different culture will have problems with our culture . 
  the same goes for older men who still ca n't accept female bosses . 
  because their culture taught them that women should be caretakers instead of bosses . 
  and obviously , this creates problems in today 's modern culture . 
  but that has nothing to do with racism , it 's just a clash of belief systems . 
  last weekend showed that countries can not just pick and choose who they let in . 
  i was just talking in another thread how important it is to keep an open mind and to propagate diversity in discussions . 
  something like this is the complete opposite . 
  though i do n't really know that party , what else do they have aside from being anti-immigrant ? 
  but what about zoll ? 
  i thought that this is very expensive . 
  i do n't know what you are ordering , but i 've seen shipping costs around 25 $ plenty of times for deliveries from germany to austria on amazon . 
  or even no delivery at all to austria . 
  talk about the annoying shipping costs from germany to austria !, 
  if i want to buy some random stuff on amazon i can only hope that shipping is through amazon . 
  otherwise it may cost up to 25 $ , even though it could be put in an envelope !, 
  sometimes the trader does n't even care to pretend and just does n't ship to austria at all . 
  and there are more and more of those traders every year .
