  i know there is a real danger and i act accordingly . 
  your girlfriend does the right thing !, 
  where do you come from ? 
  that 's really interesting that the mass media portays it this way . 
  the sad thing is even if they wanted to , the police has been reduced so much , there are just not enough police men . 
  in an article from 2013 it was mentioned that there were 300 police men missing in styria ( http://www.kleinezeitung.at/s/steiermark/graz/4058365/steiermark_polizei-gehen-die-polizisten-aus ) . 
  it 's easy to cut costs and reduce army and police staff during peaceful times , but it now becomes obvious that it was n't a good idea . 
  i 'm sitting here in graz and the last news that i 've read is that an unknown number of `` refugees '' has torn down barricades at the border at the border and that they 're now on the way to graz . 
  no one really knows how many , it 's estimated that 1000 to 2000 people just roam around the country . 
  i 've had enough . 
  i tried to be understanding , i tried to be empathetic . 
  but enough is enough . 
  you ca n't please them !, 
  damned if you do and damned if you do n't . 
  they have free food , free transportation , free places to sleep and if their asylum requests gets through years and years of financial support paid by austrian tax payers . 
  and what do they do ? 
  they riot , they demonstrate , they 're violent . 
  those are not individual people anymore that anyone could care for properly , this is a faceless mass , a mob of angry foreigners that takes anything they want with force and violence . 
  the real people who need help get washed over by this insanity until you ca n't tell them apart of the insane . 
  and i stand by my opinion . 
  i 'm a young woman and i have been treated like crap , i 've been disrespected , i 've been spit on and i 've nearly been assaulted by foreign men in my own home country . 
  why do i have to feel unsafe ? 
  who protects me when i walk home at night ? 
  who stands up for my rights ? 
  what 's up with the politicians ? 
  have they forgotten who voted for them ? 
  it was us , the austrian people . 
  we should be their priority . 
  we need to be protected , we need to be safe . 
  everything else comes after that . 
  this is anarchy , nothing else . 
  right now , in this very moment , an unknown number of unknown people roam in my home town and i do n't know what will happen tonight or tomorrow . 
  the government has failed , we are unprotected and all we can do is lock ourselves in our homes and hope that it will just sort it out by itself . 
  because we sure as hell ca n't count on the government . 
  edit : wow , thanks for the gold !, 
  i 've been a lurker for over a year and this is the first time ever that i got gold . 
  thank you very much , stranger !, 
  the politicians say they welcome everyone , but behind the curtains there are fewer trains from salzburg to germany now , sometimes there are no trains at all for hours . 
  it seems as if they 're already planning to reduce the migrant flow to germany . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think that was mostly your boss . 
  yes , there are many meetings and some may be unnecessary . 
  but from my experience and from what people told me , the meetings may be lenghty , but they serve a purpose . 
  i never heard a story like yours . 
  but you ca n't put a whole country in a single category anyway , that would be ridiculous . 
  the media makes it a bit confusing , sometimes they 'll say `` since midnight 4000 refugees crossed the border in nickelsdorf ... '' , but the article is printed in the morning , so that 's only the amount that comes within a few hours . 
  here are some recent numbers of refugees in 24 hours : 11.10 . : 8540 14.10 . : 7188 at the beginning of october there were fewer , but this lasted only for a short time . 
  i did n't find more numbers strangely . 
  no , it makes sense . 
  if there are forged statistics and lies about past historical events ( and of course there are ) , it should be mentioned . 
  this has happened all over germany , the article says it happened at least in berlin , hannover , koblenz and munich . 
  so i do n't think it 's only one psychopath . 
  this must be carried out by different people that are connected or were inspired by the attacks . 
  i do n't know who did this , but it seems to be a bigger issue than just one single person . 
  but how many degrees do they have in their tents ? 
  that 's vital information that 's missing from the article . 
  are the tents dry and do they keep the wind out ? 
  without that information i have to rely on the refugee 's word . 
  a bit more research done by the journalist would 've been nice . 
  i would get really bad tonsillitis as this would be way too cold for me . 
  i need at least 22c to be comfortable . 
  so that 's why i never see migrants at a normal doctor , but lots of them in the emergency room . 
  i never knew why . 
  i do n't know about that , never heard of illegal immigrant children at schools . 
  but it would n't be the first time that the media held back information . 
  sadly , everything 's gotten so fucked up that it wo n't be a claim anymore . 
  how ? 
  in austria you have to have a job/be registered as jobless/be a student to have health insurance . 
  or you can be included in your spouse 's insurance . 
  otherwise you have to pay at the doctor . 
  and for education you also have to be registered . 
  so i 'd assume the only motivation would be illegal work . 
  but why do they go underground ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  this way they 'll never get social welfare , so what 's in it for them ? 
  it 's not difficult to find white ones as so many come from eastern europe !, 
  though i have n't noticed that . 
  but it 's true , when they publish a story about an academic they look `` white '' . 
  you 're the first person to notice !, 
  it seems like you speak german ? 
  otherwise i ca n't imagine how you translated my name :d, 
  if there was data we would know by now . 
  but it 's too soon . 
  i just meant that it 's blatantly obvious that not all of them are doctors or nobel prize winners . 
  but the media made it look like that when it all started and no one is that stupid , it was almost insulting . 
  we just need a realistic assessment of the qualifications of the average refugee . 
  so ... you think that all people are dumb ? 
  i do n't . 
  and now ? 
  i 'm not sure how this should contribute to a discussion . 
  what bothers me the most is the agenda pushing . 
  like they did with `` willkommenskultur '' . 
  without the motivation of the media , how many people would have helped then ? 
  i ca n't remember a time where i 've seen such obvious activism in the media . 
  but this man here is an expert and says it so much better than i ever could : http://www.wolfgangmichal.de/2015/04/gefuehlter-journalismus/ it 's in german though . 
  and what bothers me as well is that it seems like journalists think their readers are completely dumb . 
  when it all began , they said most of the refugees are academics . 
  what the what ? 
  how dumb do they think we are ? 
  and then they publish all these manipulative heart breaking stories about young women , syrian doctors and journalists . 
  all of them speak english and/or german , they 're highly educated .
