  the journalists make it seem as if all the refugees were like that . 
  or the photos !, 
  in the front you see one woman with two children and in the back only young men , but they 're almost cut off . 
  the photos are are carefully arranged . 
  just a few days ago i saw that man again , that pulled his woman and baby to the ground in hungary at a train station . 
  he did it unprovoked , yet the faz said , that he was desperate and was thrown down by police . 
  what i want from the media now : i 'm over 18 , i do n't need a news paper to tell me how i should feel about person x or event y. i can make up my mind all by myself , thank you . 
  i want honest , truthful information . 
  i want to inform myself when i read the news , i do n't want to be babied . 
  i 'll read stories about syrian doctors , but i also want to read about analphabets and whoever may be part of the refugee wave . 
  i just want some balance , that 's all . 
  and lastly i get so angry when i meet people that only read one or two articles about the refugee crisis . 
  they 'll just parrot all the left-wing gibberish and oppose everyone vehemently who may have slightly different views . 
  to those people i would like to say , maybe you should make up your own mind , how about that ? 
  i have a lot of experience with them as i 'm too lazy to shop in any real life stores . 
  the `` security '' measures are ridiculous . 
  when i first ordered at h&m i could order almost 400 $ worth of clothes . 
  my address and data were n't controlled , i could have invented a name . 
  now i can order 900 $ and pay later . 
  once i worked in a call center for neckermann and quelle and the people there said that many immigrants just order clothes without ever paying the bills . 
  if there was a problem with unpaid bills , it was in 90 % of cases an immigrant . 
  no racism there , that 's just the truth . 
  some of them had no idea how much money they owed . 
  there was also the case ( saw it on tv , b\u00fcrgeranwalt ) of a woman who ordered under the name of a neighbour . 
  he got all the bills , she got all the clothes . 
  they had to go to court to `` proof '' that he did n't order the clothes and that it was a scam . 
  ridiculous !, 
  btw , i heard about this in the speech of klaus buillon , interior minister of saarland . 
  very interesting , definitely worth listening to . 
  absolutely !, 
  in my home town some people left racist comments on a regional news article . 
  as they commented on the facebook page of the news paper their names were public and they were fired . 
  but the comments were really extreme , along the line of `` i 'll be the first to send them to mauthausen '' . 
  so in that case i understand it . 
  no , i absolutely do not agree . 
  never in my life have i heard of a christian stabbing another one because they had an argument about religion . 
  the interior minister of saarland said that they do n't take food from women because they 're unclean . 
  they wo n't shake a woman 's hand . 
  i experienced this myself . 
  integration , at least in the current situation , does n't work . 
  there is already a parallel society in my city . 
  it has failed . 
  and what exactly do you want to do ? 
  how do you want to change a 40-year-old men 's opinion of women ? 
  no really , i 'm interested . 
  some of the behaviour has been stereotypical for foreigners for decades in austria . 
  carrying knives everywhere , mass stabbings and if someone has done you wrong , you come back with 10 or more of your friends to teach that person a lesson . 
  also they 're awkward and creepy towards women . 
  a few days ago a migrant stabbed another because they were arguing if it was allowed to play the guitar as a muslim . 
  they 're just like that outside of the camps , it is not the cramped space or the tension . 
  these are ingrained behaviors . 
  you too ? 
  i feel the same way about my country . 
  i never heard of anna lindh , but that was horrible !, 
  i know some people who study/work in the psychological field . 
  psychology is restricted and there is an exam you 'll have to pass . 
  after 6-7 years you 'll have to do 1000 hours of practical training , mostly unpaid . 
  then you have to pay for two more years of education and finally , you 're allowed to treat people in hospitals or your own office . 
  you 'll make good money if your own practice goes well , but otherwise it 's a challenging job with inappropriate pay . 
  so far for the education . 
  the state does n't really support psychological help for individuals , you 'll have to pay out of your own pocket . 
  there 's a huge stigma that you 're bonkers if you go to a psychologist . 
  especially older people do n't care much for psychology . 
  this is of course anecdotal , but that 's what i can tell you about austria from my view . 
  i also did n't know that they were called abrahamic !, 
  thanks for all the interesting news stories . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are no sources in english as those were regional crimes , so no need to say sorry . 
  so it was known before that some of the men were troubled . 
  it would be beneficial for everyone if appropriate psychological help could be provided for these people . 
  that 's true , sadly . 
  i saw a photo from the inside and it seems like it 's really complicated if you want to place a big cupboard for example . 
  that happens all the time , do n't know why architects do that . 
  the towers are really unique , i stood for some time there and looked at them . 
  if i had known how nearby the were to the grande arche i would have walked over there and looked at them up close . 
  i do photography , last year i was paid to take pictures of architecural stuff . 
  it 's not easy and i spent a lot of time polishing up my knowledge about this subject . 
  the composition in the photos is masterful , everything is symmetrical , all the lines are carefully arranged within the frame . 
  the editing is perfect , the colors are n't satured , contrast is low . 
  it conveys kind of a gloomy feeling . 
  and all the buildings stand upright !, 
  this is very imporant and not easy to achieve . 
  so , that 's my opinion why i like the photos so much . 
  those photos are amazing , poetic is a good description . 
  i saw les tours aillaud when i visited the grande arche . 
  they looked really strange , never seen something like that . 
  in austria it 's soup made of pork legs : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2043/2177901080_99ed388d81.jpg or a decorated pig head at new year 's : http://www.schlosshotel.rosenau.at/magazin/00/artikel/84645/img/speisen_silvester_2011.jpg http://www.schlosshotel.rosenau.at/magazin/00/artikel/84645/img/silvester1_2011.jpg or a spread made of pure lard and little bit of bacon : http://www.gutekueche.at/steirisches-verhackert-rezept-7047, 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  we ca n't interview every single refugee , but if ten say they 're glad to be here and one says something like this , it 's the negative opinion that sticks in people 's mind . 
  still though , as more and more reports surface ( e.g. 
  from the interior minister of saarland ) i 'm seriously doubting that all of them are thankful . 
  i thought porridge was oats and milk ? 
  or steel cut oats and milk or water . 
  is this just flour and water ? 
  we have a traditional food like this in my country and most people despise it . 
  it 's called heidensterz . 
  what i find more unsettling about the video is how yet again a refugee uses the media 's attention . 
  `` you know , when the refugees started coming , i was one of those who saw people needing help and i thought we have to help ... 
  but it 's been weeks [ since the refugee camp opened ] , and i have a different opinion now . '' people on this subreddit say that the most `` racist '' people are those , that have no contact with migrants or refugees . 
  but i 've been reading quotes like this over and over again during the last week .
