  in my country 9,5 % of voters turned their backs on the two big conservative and social parties and therefore the right wing party fp\u00d6 gained a plus of 7,3 % . 
  for some people this makes up a huge part of their life , i 've seen it . 
  but probably only a few . 
  ugh , it 's really horrible . 
  sounds like pumuckl . 
  starting ? 
  now ? 
  where have you been during the last weeks ? 
  in graz there are already refugees , housed in an old shopping center . 
  there is a grocery market nearby where austrians stand in front to beg for food donations for the refugees . 
  while the refugees walk by , buy stuff in the market and look awkwardly at the donations stand . 
  see , we are already handling this very efficiently . 
  for terrorists and infections ? 
  so maybe you read about that refugee in austria with leprosy ? 
  or the one with tuberculosis in d\u00fcsseldorf ? 
  i was n't even aware of the diseases they could bring to europe . 
  but i guess in percent of the average income it would be comparably lower . 
  i guess austriua is n't that bad for asylants . 
  they do n't seem to know it . 
  you 're twisting my words . 
  i 'm sorry , you are obviously not interested in open discussion . 
  i was really lazy and it was n't even a real job . 
  they were so cheap they recruited students to do the dirty work . 
  but they 're just a gateway for the refugees to the `` richer '' countries . 
  or do you mean because of the financial crisis ? 
  integrating foreigners into any society is difficult and costs a lot of money . 
  no one ever speaks of those problems , of the hidden discrimination on a smaller level . 
  for example business owners or staff recruiters who would never hire a foreigner , even though he would be more qualified . 
  or rejecting foreigners when they 're searching for an appartment . 
  or the isolation they suffer if they look different or ca n't speak the local language . 
  hell , there are lots of austrians who call germans `` piefke '' behind their backs if they hear them talk . 
  people who are otherwise highly educated and polite . 
  all of those things are huge problems . 
  how is the government supposed to fix that ? 
  i feel sorry for third generation immigrants who are still treated like foreigners . 
  i have a friend who came from bosnia to austria and she says she 's now called a foreigner both in austria and her original country . 
  all of this only scratches the surface of a myriad of problems . 
  that 's why i think leaving one 's home country should be the last step and if europe wants to help , it should help in syria . 
  and those who still want to come to germany should be given a secure , legal opportunity . 
  but they also have to know that just because a hand full of people showed `` welcome '' shields at the train station does n't mean that they 'll be welcomed into society by the rest . 
  because those who matter and who decide about access to jobs , appartments and other important things are not those same people . 
  that 's true , i did n't see one single homeless person at balaton f\u00fcred . 
  every country has homeless people . 
  i like hungary a lot and i like to visit it from time to time . 
  i know that the question was n't directed towards austrians , but the refugees seemed to think that our country is awful . 
  it 's everywhere in the media that those people had to pay a lot of money to smugglers , that 's why in the beginning ( our ) politicians said that the people are syria 's `` elite '' . 
  i think a few days ago they still said that the poorest could n't afford to leave the camps in lybia and so on . 
  i 'm just stating what i heard in the news . 
  i have a problem with the sudden surge in charity for syrian refugees . 
  the crisis in syria has been going on for years , everyone knew that . 
  yet nothing was done . 
  but now that thousands of refugees are flooding europe politicians and celebrities are suddenly extremely eager to help !, 
  there was a tv show in germany to help refugees , so many celebs wanted to attend that they had to schedule everything carefully , so everyone had some screen time . 
  yet where were those celebrities in the last years ? 
  why did n't they give money to syria before people had to leave their homes ? 
  this is hypocrisy and self glorifying , nothing else . 
  they 're riding on the `` help the poor refugees '' wave that is sweeping through the media , they 're abusing the suffering of these people to glorify themselves . 
  they 're patting themselves on the back in those stupid shows for being such a great human being . 
  no , i do n't have respect for those people . 
  if they really cared so much about syria and refugees they should have used their fame and money years ago , not now when it 's too late . 
  i have a can lying around . 
  that stuff is so extreme even the unopened can stinks disgustingly , hehe !, 
  i was confused when almost all of them just travelled through austria to reach germany and sweden . 
  are our asylum laws worse or what ? 
  the amount of homeless old men in budapest was shocking !, 
  i even saw a bleeding drug addict lying on the floor at a train station . 
  i 'm not used to those things , and that was only in three days . 
  well , that sounds reasonable . 
  as it seems most of them would be rejected within hours if they applied in hungary for asylum . 
  but still , a sudden influx of such a huge number of people is a problem for any infrastructure . 
  and i said it before , the economical situation ( at least in austria ) is n't that great . 
  heck , today i even read this article that austrians with hepatitis c only get treated after their liver was severely damaged , because the costs for the medicine would be too high . 
  yet there is money to take in thousands of refugees ? 
  how so ? 
  here is the source : http://diepresse.com/home/wirtschaft/international/4793833/medikamente-teurer-als-gold?offset=25&amp;page=2#kommentar0, 
  did you answer the wrong person ? 
  because that has nothing to do with my comment . 
  i was n't defending them anyway . 
  maybe he 'll show up in a burning street sign like our prophets stermann and grisseman predicted !, 
  actually university in austria only costs 18 $ per semester . 
  living costs are relatively high though , especially in vienna . 
  who knows , in a year we 'll think back to the time when we thought that it would be a catastrophe if a single person died . 
  i do n't know , i have such a bad feeling . 
  the austrian newspaper derstandard.at has published an article that describes the incident shortly . 
  of course they go on and talk about a 26 year old journalist from syria and a 25 year old woman who studies dentistry and speaks german . 
  because , obviously , all of them are cultured journalists and doctors . 
  and they speak german !, 
  that was very reasonable and interesting , i did n't know that there were so many ukrainian refugees in poland . 
  that is just as fucked up as that incident in hungary when that man threw his wife and baby on the rail tracks as soon as he saw the cameras . 
  he grabbed stones off the rail tracks and hit himself on the head with them . 
  they were secure in greece , they did n't need to go to germany . 
  seriously , what gives them the right to ignore european law ? 
  and why are greece or hungary not good enough for them ? 
  what do you have to say about that ? 
  maybe you can use google translate , the german newspaper die welt is more critical than others . 
  you have to give it to him that hungary reacted very fast . 
  did you read that somewhere ? 
  so it 's yet another problem with restricted funds . 
  thanks for this explanation , this makes real sense . 
  i wonder how much the budget has been cut down since 2008 for the german police .
