  so said usa and britain . 
  am i the only one who is growing tired of may and her bullshit ? 
  good old nigel was at least some solid meme material . 
  putinbots be like, 
  / r/the _ donald is that way . 
  i for one do n't really care about all those argument fallacies and `` they did something bad too '' arguments anywhere else than on donald or conspiracy subs . 
  what kind of american are you to actually be okay with people ( no matter what nation ) hacking into high profile positions in your country ? 
  it 's sad that your dislike and disagreement with certain political party from your country is so strong that you 'd rather kiss putin 's arse than do anything about it . 
  people like you wo n't make america great again , but yeah , keep dreaming with your head stuck under the ground . 
  i just hope that rest of the world wo n't burn alongside with you . 
  [ there you go ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation ) for starters . 
  and the same people like you then rant on reddit about how peaceful of a country you are and all you do is just for defense purposes against western oppression . 
  yeah , sure ... 
  yeah . 
  he 's playing it smart and just feeding lunatics all around the world with even more bullshit . 
  i think you do n't understand how banking system and democracy works . 
  they are n't obliged to loan money to anybody just because of equal political competition . 
  they are after their own interests and i can imgine that far right nationalist certainly is n't in their interests . 
  leaving eu would likely hurt those banks , why support somebody who openly works for it . 
  i really hope this comment is n't serious . 
  one little complaint : i drink beer the czech way . 
  you can call it germanic hardcore way if you want . 
  the pace with which turkey turned into utter shit is quite shocking . 
  i know it happened many times before , but nowadays i 'd expect it to be prevented easier , provided be live in information age . 
  2016 just keeps on proving how wrong i was with this idea . 
  yet some people will continue telling us how democratic russia is . 
  i mean , wtf , how can linkedin possibly do any bad in russia . 
  what the hell . 
  i never heard of deep frying god damn pizza . 
  eu better ban that blasphemy lol . 
  why tho . 
  socks game on point . 
  i 'm almost afraid to ask ... but whatever ... 
  i do n't get it . 
  can anybody explain please ? 
  no shit . 
  yeah , that 's probably true . 
  to think that i passionately hate press that is owned by babi\u0161 in our country for propagandistic bullshit and absolute ignorance of babi\u0161 's issues ... but i have to say that at least they try to keep it subtle . 
  british press is taking it to the next level . 
  wow . 
  what is france 's definition of `` radical left party '' ? 
  because that sounds like communism . 
  genuinely asking ( not trolling ) , who are these people ? 
  and these people wanted to leave the eu because it was too heavy on regulations ... ok . 
  which is okay to me . 
  i 'm actually right oriented , but if i had to pick between left and far-right i 'd rather go left . 
  i can swallow some economical and social policies disagreement over the fact that ... uh ... people like le pen ... wo n't get to power . 
  thank you , france . 
  thank you . 
  that 's pretty much the only explanation i have , yeah . 
  we 've spend alot of time under communist regime and some people still adore it . 
  heck , communist party had 14,91 % , although to be fair they seem to be going down now ... they are still going to be in parliament though . 
  that is just sad . 
  zaor\u00e1lek would be sort of okay by me as well . 
  although i 'm not sure how his `` cold behavior '' would work in current mood where people seem to value showmanship more than anything else . 
  pretty much the only reason why they even re-elected him into \u010cssd leadership was to wipe floor with him come october lol . 
  crash course is set anyways , so why not use it for internal ambitions . 
  not gon na lie though , sobotka  zimola anytime . 
  sobotka is by far the most tolerable person within \u010cssd ranks to me . 
  there are way worse . 
  when compared to us president yeah , pretty much . 
  in this particular scenario though ... he can mix shit up quite a bit . 
  he can reject resignation or appoint his own ( unelected ) government until elections later this year . 
  very unlikely . 
  legal stuff aside there is n't any real political push for it and general public is strongly against . 
  i think you may have confused soemthing . 
  top09 is pretty vocal about being pro-euro and they were the main reason why eet talks were taking so long , and as far as i know they want to remove it asap . 
  there 's no way in hell that ano-top09 coalition is happening . 
  that too but he also ca n't fire him because there is pretty tight alliance between president zeman and babi\u0161 and zeman is the one who has to accept request to remove minsiter - resignation too , but that 's a very different matter for obvious reasons . 
  based on what reputable journalists from respekt found out , he actually wanted to remove babi\u0161 from office , and his speech was ready for that as well , but earlier that day he met zeman and tried to persuade him about removal of babi\u0161 . 
  zeman disagreed , but sobotka already promised to parliament that he will issue action if babi\u0161 fails to prove his innocence regarding tax avoidance ( mind you , in government that made a big deal about tax collection and implemented pretty tight systems for it ) . 
  sobotka is no saint , but he got trapped . 
  this was his best solution ... well ... imo . 
  look , i ai n't \u010cssd voter or sobotka fan , but he 's not wrong on that one . 
  pr machine that ano is already almost won them previous elections , there is no doubt that he would abuse that position to gain even more % . 
  i 'm happier with this , as it also opens up option for zeman to show his cards . 
  he has to be careful with his moves this time around , as presidential elections are next year and people will remember if he screws up and does something retarded . 
  i 'm honestly more afraid of ano absolutely dominating the elections than some political instabilitity and bickering through media for a few months . 
  from my point of view he 's done the best thing possible . 
  and that tax bullshitting on babi\u0161 's side is only tip of the iceberg . 
  funny how sobotka ignored that for 3 years and now it matters to him haha . 
  i actually think it 's pretty reasonable to expect that . 
  ods is n't known for good integrity and klaus jr. already said that he can imagine coallition with ano ( seznam interview ) . 
  after backlash he suddenly turned around ... ods in nutshell really . 
  problem is that it 's just a tip of the iceberg for her . 
  check her party 's history . 
  i 'm not a fan of uncontrolled immigration , but those people are fucking dangerous . 
  easy solutions are n't always best solutions . 
  especially in politics . 
  oh no i do n't , that was just poorly written comment . 
  i should n't have added that last sentence behind it at all tbh . 
  you 're right about it being a tradition that 's not really connected to religion at this point . 
  yeah i guess i worded my original comment poorly , by no means i wanted to say that every atheist in czech republic is not following traditions . 
  that was just my scenario . 
  i guess it depends on how you define celebrating it . 
  from my point of view i 'm not really celebrating it - i 'm just at home , we spend time together as we do n't have to go to work , give each other some small presents and that 's really about it . 
  we have pretty materialistic approach to it . 
  our greatest christmas eve tradition is watching pel\u00ed\u0161ky . 
   that does n't really relate to religion though . 
  is that not a tradition in other countries ?
