  when i scratch my ass in the morning it seems to be a provocation for russia . 
  last time european politics were this funny it did n't end up well though . 
  karma 's a bitch . 
  lol let me guess , it 's going to touch mostly those who wanted to leave as they likely have less money and believed eu was to be blamed . 
  forget house of cards , real politics is where it 's at . 
  this gon na be juicy . 
   what 's the problem ? 
  if it 's what the people want then let them have it for years i actually believed in this political ideal - i really did , i thought it was the only true way to be a liberal democrat and everything else seemed just unfair and way too socialist to me . 
  i defended direct democracy with all my heart . 
  then i realized that majority of people is utterly stupid . 
  that being said , i still respect any referendum outcomes , but i disagree with political concept behind them . 
  it 's just too idealistic . 
  it 's the other-side extreme to dictatorship . 
  neither having no power or full power is good when it comes to general public . 
  last time i checked every country agreed to use euro on it 's own . 
  and that 's coming from me , a guy from a country that does n't have euro ( that way i really have zero bias ) . 
  also , could you elaborate what 's so bad about it ? 
  people like you always have strong opinions , but nothing to back them with - so i would be very pleased if you could actually explain it . 
  hey , if you do well , you might actually change my mind . 
  your turn . 
  eh ... not really . 
  you really have no idea what dissent means , do n't you . 
  wow , people would lose shit big time in czech republic if media pushed for certain agenda this much . 
  no matter what camp they belong to . 
  brexit campaign is getting on some people 's minds more than it 's promoters originally expected . 
  people like this guy actually act like they are under some kind of fascist dictate , even though they joined eu in their free will and now they are given free option to leave . 
  that 's really just like killing your partner in a relationship instead of peacefuly breaking up and moving on . 
  big no . 
  no matter how this ends , i ca n't wait until this madness is over . 
  wish all russians were like you . 
  heck they might even be a minority but they certainly do n't represent you well anyways , especially when reasonable russians are n't heard of so often . 
  such a friendly nation . 
  true saviors of europe . 
  he made a comment with his opinion . 
  just like you did . 
  is it really that hard to understand ? 
  also , do you realize he has n't been in charge of microsoft since like ... 2006 or something ? 
  maybe just stop using generalisations like that . 
  are you seriously implying that euroscepticism is n't quite a big thing of last few months ? 
  i think you 're looking too much into my comment , by no means i said that eu is perfect - but people often blame it even for stuff that it has nothing to do with . 
  end of story . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's universal shortcut to blame eu and usa for everything these days . 
  huh, 
  make trolling great again !, 
  maybe trolling skewed all these polls and nothing will change at all in the end lol . 
   czechs have a habit of bashing their country even though it is unwarranted over years i came to this idea that our lives became so comfortable that we even come up with non-existent issues just to be bothered with something . 
  of course not everything is perfect , but it 'll never be and i just do n't understand why some people are so pissed off when life in czech republic is just fine . 
  i mean ... 
  i 'm a kid from working class family and i still got the opportunity to study on university without any brutal expenses . 
  on macro-level our country might not be in perfect state , but from your average citizen point of view , people are just making up reasons to hate on our country . 
  and i do n't even have any strong national bonds ( if at all lol ) , i just ... like living there . 
  sure i do n't like certain stuff about government as well , but i am very free to express it , and none of it really interrupts with day-to-day life . 
  honestly i am more bothered by anti-system fanatics rather than system itself . 
  it better be considering we 're in 21st century . 
  and then we will likely switch to hearing all the time why the result was either good or bad ( depends ) ... 
  europe works in a different way than america . 
  we have too many language and cultural differences between countries , even eu is n't as stable as it 's promoters imagined years ago . 
  `` use '' would n't work , it would very likely ( imo ) cause a civil war within europe . 
  i do n't mind current system so much , but i do n't think that much more europe integration would work out well . 
  hm , interesting point . 
  the thing is that some jobs were already replaced by machines and this problem still is n't existent . 
  some jobs might disappear , but they will very likely be replaced by different ones ... the moment when machines start doing pretty much everything for humanity certainly is n't within our lifespan . 
  care to explain what do you mean by `` necessary someday '' ? 
  genuinely curious , ca n't really think of any scenario that would make this a necessity . 
  mind you i am somewhat right oriented guy , but i am open to listening . 
  people in general just mark those they do n't agree with using some not-so-picky words . 
  no matter where their political preference lies . 
  pretty sad moments for democracy as a whole i 'd say , hopefuly we can still recover from this . 
  hitler was state authority once as well . 
  if everybody followed your advice this world would have been hell . 
  worse . 
  cause she needs russian banks money . 
  trump to certain extent is independent . 
  his latest crimea comments confirm that . 
  one of the easiest ways to annoy/poke slovaks is to call them hungarians . 
  source : i live with slovak . 
   it 's just a waste of time imo . 
  do whatever you want to do in your free time , but you do realise that reddit is no different ... right ? 
  / r/mildlyconfusing, 
  traitor and putin 's bitch . 
  time to call things with their actual names . 
  with such logic you can literally call every political opinion that gets posted/printed/anyhow released a propaganda . 
  people overuse that term these days . 
  huh , that 's not bad . 
  especially if we ignore china . . :p, 
   russia agrees with trump water is wet . 
  exactly . 
  people who think that russia could win this war using raw force are delusional as hell . 
  and putin and his fellas are no idiots , they know that very well too - hence why they are rather trying to push a longer term hybrid war instead of going all in and declaring ww3 straight away . 
   iceland . 
  beer is like $ 10 in pubs here . 
  to think that i can have solid quality 10 beers for the price you pay for one . 
  damn . 
  literally unlivable . 
  probably both . 
  in that case britain should start solving it 's own shit before shitting on eu though . 
  camera 's everywhere , blocking torrent portals using great national level firewall , or that recent `` non-conventional '' porn block ... uk needs to look into mirror before pointing towards others . 
  come on now britain , considering all that strong talk against poland , you could do better . 
   we wo n't .
