nope . 
  but it could be heh . 
  well ... 
  i think this year was politically bizzare enough already . 
  keeping at least one shit going in it 's old rails would have been nice . 
  edit : well ... fuck . 
  big part about those elections was that communists actually went around houses where people did n't vote in previous elections and threatened in certain ways to force people into voting for communist party next time . 
  i mean , it was n't death threatening or such ( they kept that just for straight up opposition ) , but it was still pretty big deal , such as telling you that your children wo n't be allowed to study at college or that you could be forced to move out somewhere else out of your family house . 
  all of this stuff presented in subtle yet very telling ways such as `` do you have children ? 
  you want them to study ? '', 
  ... `` do you like living here ? 
  do your kids have many friends at school ? 
  '' , etc. 
  source : my family, 
  next question . 
  he was out of public and political focus for a long time before he started his ( lukoil founded ) presidency campaign . 
  it 's not just that , but many people simply forgot . 
  not to mention that he 's actually way worse than he was back in his post-revolution political career . 
  alcohol and age does that to one . 
  back in 90s he was actually somewhat respected left-wing politic . 
  those days are long gone and he often even contradicts what he himself said back then . 
  it 's just sad . 
  2018 though my comment was more of a hope call than anything else . 
  given how things are going zeman or somebody very similar to him is likely going to win . 
  i 'm holding my breath for michal hor\u00e1\u010dek , rich fella who earned lots of money when he founded gambling company . 
  besides that he writes essays , is part-time journalist and somewhat famous songwriter ... people might not like him for his former gambling connections but i do n't really care as he otherwise stands up for all stuff that i believe in and most of all - actually respects democratical principles . 
  his campaign already unofficialy started on social media and i really dig how he goes for `` no insults '' campaign . 
  quite the contrary of what zeman did during his campaign against schwarzenberg , or what you see now in the us . 
  one simple example above all other : he 's very pro-eu , yet he said that it was very democratical election and despite not agreeing with it 's outcome , he respects it and told people who criticised brexiters to do the same . 
  democracy is actual value to him and that means alot to me . 
  i really like that guy , but given previous experiences with czechs ... somebody like zeman if not the man himself is going to conquer prague castle once again . 
   can we kick him our of his president position somehow ? 
  during next presidential elections . 
  this is n't my president . 
  he 's piece of shit that people voted for because they forgot who he was as he was out of political/public focus for quite some time before his presidency campaign . 
  and to add to that he got way worse since with age ( and shitton of alcohol ) . 
  who would have guessed that i 'd say klaus was a good president . 
  relatively speaking . 
  people can have varying opinions on stuff that havel or klaus did/stood up for . 
  but holy crap no matter what one thinks about them , they were n't ... well ... like this . 
  god i miss havel ... 
  remember when we used to call them great britain ? 
  good times . 
  ca n't wait for putin admitting they shot down that plane as well ... and then say that it was west who forced them into it . 
  stop giving us reasons to do so and all will be fine again . 
  question is , what makes / r/conspiracy harder , putin or trump ? 
  please . 
  i loved you once . 
  stop . 
  there 's no need to make this divorce hurt more than it does . 
  people on the internet get offended too easily these days . 
  i live with slovakian , we poke nation-based jokes at each other almost every other day and nobody freaking bats an eye . 
  then you come to / r/europe and there are bunch of butthurts being offended because somebody made a joke about them before . 
  chill out guys . 
  as we say `` co se \u0161k\u00e1dl\u00edv\u00e1 , to se r\u00e1do m\u00edv\u00e1 . '', 
  ( slovaks will understand this nice saying ) . 
  every country is artificial when you actually think of it . 
  feel free to provide source of those stats you are so proudly pulling out . 
  until then i call apologist bullshit . 
  thanks . 
  people are overly stressing out this thing . 
  imo we better be glad we are just not reproducing as much nowadays as that is very natural way of keeping population at moderate levels even without brutal wars or diseases . 
  maybe just stop crying about downvotes first few minutes after posting a comment as your comment is now pretty upvoted ? 
  to add something to the discussion as well , how does that change anything ? 
  invited and approved ? 
  yes , you 're not wrong . 
  but do n't try to make it sound like they are here just because assad invited them asking for some good help . 
  they have their interests just like everybody else . 
  yeah i can easily imagine that foreigner ca n't tell the difference between our languages on first hearing ... which is kinda frightening as well . 
  will somebody attack me because i speak language that is similar to polish ? 
  come on now britain , this shit has to be addressed . 
  i 'm not even for eu army as of now but come on now britain . 
  just gtfo already . 
  you wan na go ? 
  then stop being obnoxious dick about it and go . 
  i am honestly not a fan of it when it comes to current eu state . 
  as others have suggested , we have more critical problems than making our own army , as of now nato is good enough . 
  if trump somehow wins and goes all in then we might ask this question again , but now i am fine with the way things are . 
  i just do n't have trust in entire eu establishment , we fail to cooperate and properly execute way simpler things than operating a common military force . 
  it could be a nice idea in theory , but i think as of now it 's just a pointless distraction from actual eu problems . 
  implying that all people who support those idiots who burn down shelters are the same people who criticise erdogan ? 
  yes , there are people like that , and i get part of your message - many europeans warning about fascism are actually promoting fascism by themselves as they lack understanding what that term actually means . 
  but grouping all europeans into this huge pile of idiots is one hell of a stretch . 
  screw those idiots who burn down refugee shelters , but that does n't mean erdogan ai n't dangerous . 
  we have our own problems , but that does n't mean we should ignore our neighbor 's situation , especially when it comes to wild mess that is current turkey . 
  to be more serious than with my previous answers , i guess they just want russians to bang more with each other to increase native population . 
  although i doubt banning a few porn sites will have any noteworthy effect on that ... 
  i think i 'm glad i did n't get that reference . 
  on one side there are people who consider them on the same level as prostitues which is pretty damn low society level . 
  and on the other side there are pornstars or ex-pornstars who made it into mainstream talkshows that are shown on prime time ... it 's weird . 
  i honestly have no idea why is that . 
  yeah . 
  one ca n't like him , but i think he was somewhat honest about his belief in brexit . 
  he 's been anti-eu for what , good 16 years ? 
  that 's a long time , not just some opportunistic direction change for some political points . 
  our finest export . 
  probably want to make people watch porn that is found on vk.com more . 
  if you do n't have anything smarter to say just do n't say anything in first place . 
  nicely proves that you actually have nothing to say against it , nothing that expands on discussion , but in general it does n't fit your nationalist agenda so therefore it 's bad by default . 
  is your definition of unbiased `` does n't conflict with my opinions '' ?
