  i have never ran into some kind of `` englishmen are sailors '' stereotype . 
  like at all . 
  and trust me , i 've heard many stereotypes about englishmen ( most of them are n't very nice ) . 
  but hey , it 's just for fun i guess . 
  it 's just a fun , you strange sailor rosbif !, 
   wake up sheeple i 'm so allergic to this phrase at this point ... people who use that are usually even more sheepish in a way that they do n't even bother checking facts or looking at whole political picture , because they have their own internal beliefs of what is good and wrong in the world and pretty much the only stuff they somehow can accept is automatically validated as true through their very strong confirmation bias . 
  politics are n't binary , they are very complicated , spouting shit like `` only leftists care about such nonsense '' more or less proves you are one of these people . 
  you have become the sheep you were trying to fight against in the very beginning . 
  like it or not . 
   for some reason people are stupid . 
  that 's the reason mate . 
  stop taking it so personally . 
  she obviously talks about herself and her government , not transfering blame to some random german joes . 
  but muh antimerkel circlejerk amirite ... 
  in 50 years time we 'll be teaching kids how third ww started because apple was sneaky with their taxes . 
  communism just tries to look like that . 
  it 's driven by greed of few as well , it just happens that only those who are part of communist party are alowed to be greedy . 
  capitalism is way more honest in this regard . 
  communism tries to paint it like it 's a fair system that makes shit equal for most . 
  but in reality it just makes life equally shit for most . 
  world without greed is idealistic dream , never gon na happen . 
  and with that in mind i 'd rather have options that capitalism gives me . 
  you can tell what it was just by watching what his party was doing . 
  words are n't the same thing as actions . 
  yeah . 
  this . 
  i 'm probably too oldschool to consider him rather standard right-winger . 
  he might be far right maybe in relative considering how leftist most european governments are , but that 's about it . 
  far right is straight up nazism to me , not what this guy promotes . 
  and i 'm not even in 100 % support of him , i 'm just kinda tired of this `` he 's extremist '' stuff while so far i did n't see anything extreme about him . 
  le pen is way more extreme than this dude from what it seems . 
  i 'm open to corrections people , so do n't just downvote me if you dislike what i just wrote ... please , react , prove me wrong . 
  i 'm open to listening . 
  these positions sound very right-wing to me . 
  that being said though , it 's definitely not far right as most media suggests . 
  obviously i do n't know about this guys action nor i do n't really follow austria 's politics ... but just from this he sounds like a conservative right winger , not some far right hardcore nationalist lunatic , as some of the media narrative could suggest . 
  it 's like calling green parties far left ... that 's pretty wrong as well . 
  but maybe that 's just me . 
  so when was the last time eu , nato or usa critic died in fishy conditions ? 
  feel free to elaborate . 
  yeah . 
  i never cringed this much just by looking at a map . 
  fine then . 
  i hate their politics . 
  with everlasting passion . 
  always did , always will ( unless they have some sort of revolution ) . 
  the damage they did to our country is still noticeable and it hurts me inside . 
  economically and socially we recovered quite well , but there is still this strong core of people who were successfuly brainwashed and keep on spreading their bullshit around . 
  they did n't just damage our overall status in the world , they did n't just kill off the economy , they did n't just terrorise us for years . 
  they damaged our nation 's soul and that damage is still yet to heal . 
  if it 's ever going to heal . 
  nazi 's did horrible things , but we really should talk more how these motherfuckers hurt our nation in long term . 
  this damage still allows for easy pro-kremlin propaganda to be spread across our population like cancer . 
  cancer we should have never suffered from ... had it not been for their `` international help '' . 
  and they did n't even apologise or at least admit it ... and act the same again , just ( luckily for now ) not on our territory - at least not when it comes to military interventions . 
  so yeah ... it was far fetched comment , maybe overly strong statement there ... but i can see where that guy is coming from . 
  seriously , i see no point behind this . 
  seems like the kneejerkies reaction of all kneejerk reaction . 
  is n't this just about some political powers trying to gain some points with certain part of population ? 
  it 's a non-issue really . 
  i personally do n't like the way it sounds either , and i am pretty used to using long name , but i really just see zero reasons to get angry at anybody who is using it . 
  especially now that our government declared it as official shortened name . 
  as kristyna wrote below , if somebody tells you that it angers them , it 's definitely their problem , not yours . 
  keep using what suits you best . 
  ps : deustchia ... lol , czechia suddenly sounds much better . 
   maybe they even have a wank or two looking at your girlfriend 's sexts do you actually believe that somebody in facebook hq bothers with your random blabbering with your girlfriend ? 
  all this text data analysis is automated and context based . 
  if you really think that there is a guy sitting in hq and reading all your stuff and then manually filling up a form what kind of ad would be suitable for you ... you are absolutely delusional . 
  privacy might be an issue but some random joe believeing that his random jane is being stalked by somebody in facebook is pure / r/tinfoilhat stuff . 
  lucky you or your relatives then . 
  yeah . 
  it 's seriously good even outside of capital city . 
  do n't we have like lowest unemployment rate in eu as of now ? 
  i think i heard something like that . 
  pretty damn good ... yet some people are still constantly bitching about economy . 
  not to mention erdogan has much more blood on his hands than 250 . 
  ... without a parachute . 
  because showing one eu flag somehow implies that she is ungrateful of her country 's support ? 
  people like you are so full of shit . 
  turk 's that do n't buy every shit erdogan produces ? 
   fuck logic . 
  nice summary of your comment . 
  people like you are the reason why european politics might go to shit as well . 
  shit really is going down this year . 
  hopefuly innocent people will not be affected by this . 
  it 's not their fault that they do it the best way though . 
  i 'd use other search engine or services if they were better than those that are provided by google . 
  they are n't , in fact most of them are subpar - especially when it comes to search engines . 
  why ? 
  he ran from usa to russia and is upset about human rights there now . 
  might as well run to china now . 
  rofl , fico and slovakian politics in general make me somewhat like the state of our politics despite one of the strongest communist party rates in europe ... well , at least for now . 
  i live with a slovakian so i know what piece of shit this guy is damn well , says one thing at home , plays the anti-eu xenophobic card before his people , and then goes to eu and says exact opposites . 
  i might not agree with euroskeptics in general , but man at least you know what to expect from them and you can respect their honest opinions . 
  this dishonest man deserves no respect . 
  glad some stood up against him . 
  hah , many are already riding this bandwagon with passion despite nothing really bad happening to us due to eu . 
  regular poster from / r/conspiracy guys , nothing to be bothered with . 
  people who believe in chemtrails are real struggle to do some real political discussion with . 
  at least when it comes to facts and not their science fiction they made up out of boredom in comfort of their homes .
