  so i scrached a little but after two days it got bigger and bigger so i started to panic because i didnt know what was it . 
  so i googled a little and found herpes zostrum . 
  they were on my forehead so my eye left eye swelled pretty much and it was itchy and it hurt but i 'm pretty happy i went quickly to the doctor who gave me some cream and eye drops . 
  so after a week it was fully gone but some scars still remained on my forehead . 
  thank you , 
  i have no idea how . 
  i sit in a back side of class so the teacher doesnt pay attention so much on us.i usually pay attention on lessons but i was just really bored today . 
  you 're damn right !, 
  thank you !, 
  sketchbook mobile, 
  galaxy ace . 
  with my finger , 
  does kansas city exist in europe ? 
  cause i fucking want google fiber !, 
  you have 1 unread message !, 
  better ? 
  cocaine ? 
  hold . 
  anymore !!!, 
  abduction, 
  gamer dog . . 
  skatin ' like it 's 60 's . . 
  i pictured the spider in my head thinking . . `` oh yeah , right there ... '', 
  just like that . . 
  ( this is jumping spider and jumping spiders dont make webs ), 
  just a photo i made with my phone on a school trip to mountains . 
  everyone 's gf 's / bf 's are running away lately lol, 
  you are right sir !, 
  born to be wild !, 
  slemenova \u0161pica means slemen 's peak which is located in triglav 's national park in slovenia - southern part of alps . 
  well i 'm from europe - slovenia and i go to tehni\u0161ki \u0160olski center, 
  ( tehnical school centre ) if this anyhow helps you :p, 
  btw i just wanted to share this picture . 
  i do n't go much on trips to mountains with my family so it was kinda awesome how beautiful can nature be and i was fascinated by the gorgeous view on top of the peak . 
  sometimes i can be thankful that i can go on trips like these with my school , 
  more photos if anyone is interested . . 
  look kids what a beautiful stalagmit !!!, 
  i 'd be always hungry when i 'd have that cat around me, 
  curiosity is not alone . . 
  money catch ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  i do use sketchbook mobile and it 's awesome !, 
  i do use instagram too and i love it too . 
  i 'll try the other apps too . 
  wow aviary is just the app i was looking for . 
  pretty cool app !, 
  thanks !, 
  my opinion is that this thing helps shelters to get more potentional cat/dog owners who are maybe going to adopt a cat/dog from these shelters . 
  haha nice story !, 
  i would not let my dog swim so far from the coast . 
  oh god i never knew this exsists !!, 
  if i had one of these my teeth would appreciate it . 
  looks like pocahontas . 
  exactly what i was thinking, 
  what movie is this from ? 
  ow right !, 
  i forgot !, 
  i watched that movie about 5 times . 
  when will they show the video from his camera ? 
  eat-a da pinguino already !!, 
  he just wanted to drink some water . . 
  best cartoon i 've seen when i was a kid !, 
  is there an app or something that i can do pixel art pictures with ? 
  poor dog : /, 
  that subreddit makes me more unconfortable then r/wtf, 
  damn onions : ' c, 
  nice !, 
  i was always wondering how/what blind people dream . 
  wow thats awesome !, 
  `` good speech but you 're still not going in '' haha i laughed at that one :d, 
  the look on her face will last forever . 
  i 'm watching it right now and laughing my ass off :d, 
  daft punk fuck yea, 
  yea why not !, 
  makes it even cooler !, 
  i have a hermit crab at home in my terrarium and i just ca n't find any shells in my town . 
  is it really necessary for a crab to have a bigger shell ? 
  anyways very interesting reading . 
  yeah `` first time '', 
  reflection, 
  i 'm mitt romney and welcome to jackass !!!!!, 
  great wallpapers , thanks man !, 
  i 'm more impressed on this page you uploaded screens . 
  looks cool . 
  so does your theme !, 
  the car is tantrum from tyco r/c and could roll over and spin front wheels etc. 
  german commercial for the car . . 
  i just loved that car . 
  spent lots of time playing with it . 
  your friend has a disease and you post a pic on r/wtf ? 
  oh man the night i finally got internet . 
  i was so excited i could n't sleep for 3 days in a row browsing internet day and night . 
  this got in my mind at first . . 
  love date, 
  ai n't nobody got time for that !, 
  this pic is perfect for some nsfw shops but i ai n't got time for that . 
  karate dog, 
  aww nice song :(, 
  i love stronghold, 
  silly austrians falling from the sky . .
