hey mister can i have some change ? 
  he became a gentleman !, 
  the middle one is still in diapers, 
  kinda looks like starry night from vincent van gogh , 
  you must be * this * high to enter . . 
  have you ever been in slovenia ? 
  it does sort of look like reddit alien yea ^ ^, 
  yea i used tnt to make holes , 
  every castle needs a tower !, 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  this is awesome !, 
  i. . . love the blog , love the art , love the answers . 
  best blog i 've seen so far . 
  well ... we tried :d, 
  thank you , i appreciate it !, 
  yea i actually took the idea from that wallpaper and just wanted to build one by myself . 
  yea i dont play much minecraft so i 'm satisfied with the older version , 
  sweet !!, 
  i 'd play the shit out of this present !, 
  well ... it happens . 
  aww a little cwabby with his blue eyes :3, 
  goddamn filters . 
  but still a beautiful photo , 
  i guess he knows how it goes . . 
  i lol 'd hard !, 
  i 'll make them for her for sure !, 
  they look delicioussssssssss ... 
  where is homer simpson ? 
  looks like a giant slime or something :p, 
  haha they became good friends so i doubt about that :p, 
  some more pics if anyone wan na see . . 
  stanley 's cup on boat called pletnja, 
  behind an\u017ee is a bled 's castle, 
  stanley taking a nap . . 
  had to watch all to the end for that 3 seconds of hitting a dog . . 
  yea kopitar is slovenian so is umek and they both are our legends , 
  oh and i forgot basketball player goran dragi\u0107 . 
  by who 's side are you half slovenian ? 
  by father or mother ? 
  do you speak slovene ? 
  ow cool cool . 
  too bad your dad didnt teach you our language too , 
  looks like some sort of jumping spider . 
  i like bugs but this video scares me . 
  virus that makes caterpillar defend wasp cocoons till it starves ? 
  crazy !, 
  there is no bad dogs !, 
  just bad owners . 
  hahaha i love watching an idiot abroad :d, 
  i hope police or rspca visits him because if not , i 'm gon na take a plane ticket and visit him and cut his smal testicles off and give them to dogs . 
  proove what ? 
  that he has dogs for fights ? 
  even if he really does n't have them for fights he still should be charged because dogs obviously look skinny and why would he have roosters for ? 
  i have to save some money first . 
  looks like jurassic park to me, 
  what if you 're on island ? 
  with a biiiiig umbrella ? 
  do want !, 
  when i was younger we had irish terrier named fox . 
  he was the best dog . 
  had a great 15years until he went up in dogs heaven . 
  fox r.i.p. 
  this is ezio 's playground . 
  i know how to build a castle ... by using your own imagination !, 
  i know that feel bro, 
  wow thats really great clean texture . 
  nice build !, 
  well why not . . 
  wtf ? 
  why would i be smart to know there 's a site called reddit ? 
  that 's a stupid question you know ... 
  hey !, 
  here 's a picture of an\u017ee lifting the cup over lake bled . . 
  oh okay then , 
  villa planina or do you mean ... velika planina ? 
  nice photos !, 
  that 's exactly what i was thinking lol :d, 
  cant tell if it 's typo . . but maybe it 's just me who get 's it like . . 
  it 's beautifil ... like . . fill . . because it 's filled with air . 
  just me ? 
  okay : c, 
  yea it is velika planina . 
  i have the shittiest computer and makes me very angry when it freezes . 
  but i still love him . 
  and i always will . . until i 'll buy a new one . 
  yea you 're right !, 
  how was the first days when you realized that you are homeless on the streets all alone ? 
  i really hope things work out for you and stay safe man !, 
  i wish i had a grandfather like yours . 
  sorry for your loss man . 
  too crunchy, 
  your internet connection is bad and you should feel bad !, 
  i know that feel bro . 
  i can browse hours and hours on mycolorscreen.com, 
  in search for a wallpaper and widgets i 'd like ... 
  dump that bitch . 
  sir , i respect your job and i respect you . 
  thank you !, 
  dunno if this question is stupid but i 'm gon na ask anyway ... 
  does she have dreams ?
