  i like the s4 design better . 
  how can i do that ? 
  how ? 
  i doubt i 'll ever buy any champions using rp , but i 'd really like to refund and get some other champion . 
  how can i do that ? 
  thank you so much !, 
  it 's just not my style of playing . 
  i replaced him for jinx, 
  haha good one :d, 
  damn onions !, 
  woah looks awesome !, 
  that looks like some castaway fashion lol, 
  beautiful bike !, 
  good job !, 
  that 's just amazing !, 
  would have !, 
  damn that poor snake 's look : c, 
  now thats badass !, 
  that 's kinda freaky , now i ca n't go to bed . 
  what a gorgeous spider !, 
  i mostly take pics of whatever i find interesting in my small town . 
  recently i got a new phone and i started using apps like vsco and snapseed so you 'll see a lot of pics edited by these two apps . 
  i use instagram every day . 
  [ @zanv91 ] ( http://instagram.com/zanv91 ), 
  i 'd love to have this as end of the game of thrones series . 
  how much does the ticket cost ? 
  when does the game start damnit ? 
  that 's some out of this planet hockey we are watching !, 
  heey some of us wan na go to sleep !, 
  i 'm up from 1 a.m. and now it 's 5:16 in the morning here in slovenia, 
  still looks tasty !, 
  damn that voice !, 
  i would be scared of that ninja guy too !, 
  is there some way i can turn off the vibration when i tap on app drawer icon ? 
  now thats an awesome clock !, 
  would have !, 
  hahahaha, 
  take photos of their meals . 
  10/10 would buy the shit out of it !, 
  that 's exactly what i was thinking . 
  same here dude . 
  i ca n't even kill a fly . 
  aww cute, 
  the colors are burning my eyes !, 
  too much hdr . 
  haha good one !, 
  mantises are awesome . 
  i love these bugs . 
  damn , i should try to eat more pussy so i can gain weight . 
  ahh that sounds like a perfect day :3, 
  month calendar is great too, 
  thank you so much !, 
  that 's just amazing !, 
  beautiful dog !, 
  i 'm totally the same when playing league of legends . 
  this is awesome . 
  beautiful lollipop design !, 
  great costume hahah, 
  wallpaper ? 
  it was on mythbusters too, 
  she started to sweat just by looking at it . 
  use your phone 's screen ? 
  thats just beautiful !, 
  i 'd watch photographs like these all day !, 
  yea i just got a notice that i have 3 games left in low priority queue . 
  so i guess it will go away after 3 matches . 
  thanks for info !, 
  month calendar dunno about the clock . 
  and another pic from the other side of the castle . 
  does it have to be rooted ? 
  b e a u tiful !, 
  i 've been saving gold for whole week to buy a wing in naxxramas and i failed at 600 . . 
  how much gold do you get daily ? 
  luftwaifu zz, 
  is this gvg pack or classic ? 
  does anyone have gaara 's shaman deck ? 
  i wan na know the cards he used . 
  oh thank god i thought it 's just my launcher problems . 
  same on eu - ca n't get online, 
  wtf you spent 400 $ on this game ? 
  thats insane ... 
  yea about 380 $ far away . 
  i do n't get any friend requests : c, 
  i tried that twice and it does n't help . 
  the cable sits tightly in the port , its not messed up . 
  also the problem first happened last night . 
  yea i did all of that and it still does n't work, 
  haha that part really pleasantly surprised me . 
  ragnar is really tired of floki 's shit haha, 
  i hope this subreddit gets even more subscribers . 
  season 3 of vikings is my favourite so far !, 
  haha that was unexpected gold :d, 
  he knew they ca n't win the battle so he looked at the city beyond the walls the last time to imagine it again like athelstan told him what it looked like . 
  hwah, 
  can someone share the deck he 's playing please ? 
  my fav is golden piloted shredder . 
  just look at it !, 
  born to be wild !, 
  thank you !, 
  not at all , i just cut out his fists and readjust them a bit so it looks like he 's holding the bike .
