  thanks !, 
  oh man i was waiting so long for this gif to load and see tommy lee jones not smiling ... but it was worth it !, 
  / r/photoshopbattles - people posting random pics and others photoshop them - i love this subreddit, 
  i come from a town where there is no skyscrapers so places like this really fascinate me . 
  goya is sitting on diva and they both are amstaffs . 
  thanks , 
  oh wow your puppy really looks like my dog !, 
  cool and cute , 
  woah what a view !, 
  you could make a fish store holocaust !, 
  big cosy treehouse with a wooden bridge connected to the forest . 
  she 's too old and lesbian, 
  why they do n't want bf 's at that age ? 
  i know that feel !, 
  wallpapers ? 
  all i see is this . . 
  perfect !, 
  that would be so awesome !, 
  it would be an amazing adventure !, 
  i still have a pic in my head how rick is sitting in a corner eating doritos while carol and daryl are struggling to find some food . 
  thank you for adding height in centimetres !, 
  sorry . . had to do it . . http://imgur.com/kbmgn5y, 
  also . . very beautiful photo and place to hike, 
  what a nice beach and dog !, 
  thanks for telling location !, 
  beautiful dog !, 
  sorry for your loss . 
  i 'm so happy they finally succeded !, 
  playing on olympics was our first mission and since we failed in hannover now we are finally there.this is a big deal for us because well . . we have about 150 registered hockey players in country , about 5 ice rings all over the country and currently only 1 hockey team playing in austrian hockey league - ebel . 
  playing against russia , usa etc. 
  is big deal . 
  we are small , but our heart is big :p, 
  thanks !, 
  yep that ruined my whole day . 
  the amount of messages is too damn high !, 
  now i wan na run around naked with my dogs . 
  well that would be interesting :d, 
  ( \u274d \u1d25 \u274d \u028b ), 
  haha best one for me !, 
  wow awesome . 
  that 's exactly what i tought, 
  gorgeous dog and a true friend !, 
  awwwww pretty !, 
  aww that 's cute . 
  now i want a puffer fish, 
  it was a nice ending with this song . 
  rick , carl and michonne went on a family trip, 
  tako je !, 
  are some of those in container still alive ? 
  it does n't make me calm but i love the smell of hot asphalt after rain in summer . 
  try sslauncher i think its the best for personalizing !, 
  this mission would be amazing too bad it wo n't happen any time soon : /, 
  nice, 
  til you have to be graphic designer to delete son 's ex-wife from photo, 
  would love to have one small, 
  heart crushing : /, 
  wow amazing !, 
  this is awesome !, 
  really cool idea . 
  the alien abduction pic is really cool . 
  no he 's not he just missed the opportunity, 
  thats a damn nice kitchen !, 
  creepy reflection, 
  haha no problem !, 
  i 'm glad you like it , 
  hahah how old is she actually ? 
  oh my god i 'm crying !, 
  thank you, 
  aww so lovely !, 
  woah what a view !, 
  that island paradise made me cry . 
  it 's not working on my phone either . 
  i have samsung galaxy ace s5830i . 
  i guess i 'll have to wait a little . 
  update it manually ? 
  hahaha i loved that part in the episode !, 
  asshole, 
  aww cute photos , 
  is this the same ? 
  to dungeons deep and caverns old ... 
  i was more impressed by the dog sitting on a chair on a lily pad, 
  come again dude !, 
  you are always welcome here , 
  it 's not really the view like on the pic but it is 360 degree view of so\u010da, 
  and if someone is interested for more 360 degree views of slovenian places ... 
  i 'm dissapointed.i read piazzas as pizza 's . 
  exactly, 
  how did you do the dust ? 
  so cute , 
  paranormal activity, 
  `` so at the moment i 'm just kind of in this loop of feeling sucky , not caring about school , getting crappy grades , trying to vent , back to feeling sucky . '', 
  i know that feel dude . 
  i hope everything goes to your plans . 
  i was pointing my finger at the screen and screaming : the blade !, 
  you forgot the blade !, 
  that was awesome and funny lol, 
  woah , awesome apartment !, 
  i see two phoenixes . . 
  that would be badass !, 
  walking around , saving protesters from water cannons and everyone would call you big daddy !,
