  dunno why is it happening so much lately , i 've never had problems connecting to games before . 
  wow !, 
  game of thrones is my all time fav . 
  thank you so much !, 
  thanks !, 
  yes i did . 
  what do you think they will change ? 
  i 'm considering buying the dlc but i 'm interested in this now haha, 
  hmm i doubt it will be in our favor but we 'll see . 
  thanks for info !, 
  i 'm so happy i 'm finally gon na take a break from fps games . 
  that woman is not singing in arabic , the name of the song is zajdi zajdi and it 's macedonian i think . 
  yea i ca n't wait for this game too !, 
  i hope it wo n't take them long to release it on consoles . 
  i 'm dying for this type of games !, 
  september woundt be such a bad date . 
  i hope its not later . 
  there could even be le tour the france mode with bycicle races on french maps . 
  well i 'm just a casual guy who loves to edit and share his photos on instagram . 
  i 'm trying to find more people to follow . 
  ca n't wait to play it !, 
  it 's my first time playing assassins creed . 
  yea i know it 's not good to play revelations but i do n't mind that much . 
  ca n't wait to use this against all those goddamn artillery trucks !, 
  i agree !, 
  i love instagram and its my fav social media and the app works great . 
  download firmware finder from the google store then open it and you 'll see the firmwares if you press on the button on right bottom side . 
  dunno why doesnt show me the firmwares anymore , i guess because i updated . 
  anyway , on the left side up you have menu button and go to settings and i think there 's an option for add on to download . 
  download that and open it . 
  it tells you to change wifi settings on the wifi youre connected to . 
  then when this is finished you can go to the phone 's settings and download the update in the default huawei 's updater . 
  edit : the add on is called firmware finder proxy the app asks you to download it if u go to the settings . 
  download it and open . 
  i answered in the next comment , didnt know its not a reply haha . 
  if u have any more questions , just ask . 
  hmm that should work but it does n't ? 
  try to disconnect and connect again and see under phone settings and update if it gives you the option for update . 
  press the button to forget the wifi and sign in to your wifi again then go to the update settings and see if it gives you the option to update . 
  well i got ta say that everything lools/works fine but i just found out that somehow i dont have the default calculator , alarm clock and notepad apps . 
  and on the lockscreen when u swipe up for app shortcuts like flare , calculator , timer clock . . nothing works when i tap the icon . 
  well i wrote in the guide the way i did it and it worked . 
  maybe its just not out yet for your region idk . 
  europe, 
  dude try this guide , i didnt see that thwre 's already post with a guide . 
  its much better than mine and it may work . 
  i am too missing some apps like notepad , calculator , alarm clock , compass . 
  other than that it 's a great update !, 
  you have the point sir , i guess i 'm already doomed because i installed this . 
  now i have trust issues haha . 
  which region are you ? 
  i agree its way better than 4.1, 
  why are you scared of updating ? 
  looks interesting . 
  can i just factory reset and it will take me back to marshmallow ? 
  do you still have the b371 firmware or did you change it to any others ? 
  mine doesnt have compass and notepad , calculator , clock . 
  the swipe up shortcuts on lockscreen dont work either . 
  when the official version gets released will it update from this firmware ? 
  hows b336 ? 
  does it have default apps like calculator ... ? 
  gawd damnit now i got ta downgrade lol . 
  does it have the default upgrader in settings menu and the new dual app option ? 
  ah okay thanks for everything !, 
  make sd card as default storage location . 
  its under settings - memory, 
  holy shit that was cool !, 
  i got ta say some of these firmware versions are still beta and some are buggy . 
  when was this build released ? 
  is it buggy ? 
  it was cancelled anyway, 
  use relay for reddit . 
  it has a sidebar button . 
  i dont know if its for iphone too , probably . 
  then buy a pro version you pleb !, 
  i 'm sure you will get future updates . 
  you probably cant update to b381 because it 's beta and u got ta do it manually . 
  ** do n't ** update to b381 , it 's too buggy !, 
  i 've been watching battlegrounds streams for a while now and i really hope the game will get on consoles . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm so pumped about this game coming to consoles !, 
  that sounds great but i doubt it will be that fast . 
  yea me too . 
  it can cost 70-60 $ or whatever , i 'll buy it for sure . 
  i 'd love to play a game like this . 
  haha exactly . 
  thanks for doing this giveaway . 
  would love to play gears 4 . 
  you 're a cool guy !, 
  maybe you should stop wearing tight jeans, 
  which build did you download ? 
  same here , i 'd have to buy the game and this dlc to play it . 
  looks so fun but i think its a bit too expensive for me right now . 
  the time between dlc releases is just too long . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  why did noone tell me this ? 
  whats in 5.1 thats not in 5.0 ? 
  oh thank you !, 
  why it would n't be a sport ? 
  it 's not easy to get into this sport and get the feeling and timing for the jump .
