  it 's count odo 's private room . 
  mad max !, 
  love the tattoo !, 
  holy shit !, 
  azure drake is sick !, 
  seen this video about 5 times already and his reaction still cracks me up, 
  well done op !, 
  walk no further stranger !, 
  tonight we eat like kings . 
  no one wants to play with old teddy anymore . 
  me too lol, 
  i do n't think we 're alone here scooby !, 
  thank you !, 
  it was my first legendary too . 
  i got it from my first win in arena . 
  and it wss also golden !, 
  too bad i disenchant it for sylvannas . 
  buy classic packs if you 're a new player and also buy at least curse of naxxramas . 
  yup too late , i 'm locked out of the game since yesterday :p, 
  looks great but i like the galaxy one better . 
  birth of space, 
  thank you !, 
  that gave me goosebumps , great stuff !, 
  great stuff !, 
  looks really nice . 
  at least curse of naxxramas could be a bit cheaper now . 
  yea what 's 3 days of playing . . 
  at least you got in the game to open the packs . . 
  can you share your deck ? 
  i never played much hunter before and now i really wan na try it with tgt cards . 
  i play paladin every day and since tgt it just went all up with wins . 
  murloc knight is really great card . 
  ah and i thought it was my internet connection . 
  damn that 's scary !, 
  first we need to rescue him from mars . 
  i have no idea what deck to build . 
  i have no idea what i 'm doing, 
  very cool !, 
  stop right there criminal scum !, 
  beautiful !, 
  very annoying deck to play against . 
  how long did it take you to print all the parts ? 
  looks sick !, 
  amazingly cool :d, 
  i must say i did n't play much patron warrior before warsong nerf but i gave a try to this one and i must say i really enjoy playing it because it looks like a fun deck and it surprised me how good it is . 
  i do n't like it . 
  freeze mage tried to burst me down . 
  got me to 9hp and then i drew reno . 
  got healed up and he instantly conceded . 
  i had the same thoughts !, 
  loved that book !, 
  eliminated # 2442 eu - mostly playing constructed with reno paladin , control warrior and patron warrior . 
  i add everyone and always help if you need any . 
  what a joke , i just played against rogue and he used raptor on shredder and it just disconnected me . 
  looks like its made of plastic, 
  they are investigating every week . 
  great job !, 
  you should put a tablet inside so he can play the game in the box hah . 
  eliminated # 2442 eu - mostly playing constructed with reno paladin , control warrior and patron warrior . 
  i add everyone and always help if you need any . 
  i hate that deck, 
  great stuff !, 
  why ca n't we mute the player like we can in hearthstone ? 
  we get free c'thun in our first whispers card pack ? 
  some of the decks have a lot of legendaries and epics in them so they are pretty pricey though, 
  beautiful !, 
  golden hogger !, 
  beautiful !, 
  can you play online with ea access ? 
  i wan na play some bf4 before bf1 comes out . 
  well played !, 
  damn , now i wan na buy it !, 
  i miss rust !, 
  holy shiet i remember this !, 
  is it going to work if i have bf4 with ea access ? 
  i 'm playing on xbox one and there 's a lot of 64 player servers and most of them full too . 
  server problems, 
  what map is this ? 
  genious idea !, 
  beautiful bike !, 
  i did n't even think of that yet . 
  that was fast, 
  games with gold, 
  ca n't wait for open beta !, 
  that sounds awesome !, 
  you can get bf4 for 5 bucks with gwg right now, 
  i bought rocket league yesterday and currently playing it a lot . 
  i play bf4 and gta v and trying to learn smite . 
  add me if you wan na : tacoka, 
  why did i watch this before bed . . 
  looks very cool, 
  oh my now that 's good !, 
  which one 's were better ? 
  that pipe where water comes out should be transparent, 
  is this for us only ? 
  i get access denied message, 
  we are small but with big heart !, 
  too bad hockey is in downfall right now in slovenia but our boys always surprise us . 
  it 's fine the way it is in beta, 
  as a casual player it 's amazing and i love the graphics !,
