  yea i got them yesterday . 
  when revived i have to switch weapons to get the cross back , black screen comes up sometimes when i join the game , sometimes i just die not knowing the gas is killing me . 
  same, 
  thanks & i wish you merry christmas !, 
  ich brauch sanitater - i need medic . 
  that 's what gas does to you . 
  ahh , i knew there will be comment like this . 
  i am but before i buy the game , i wan na test it in upcoming beta . 
  this should be official promotional video . 
  merry christmas and happy new year !, 
  thank you so much for doing this . 
  i would love to have this game because i love the atmosphere . 
  thank you for doing this giveaway !, 
  it would be nice to win it . 
  yay, 
  yes pls, 
  thanks for trying man !, 
  fuck i 'd so love to have this game . 
  knights theme is the best !, 
  love that cello sound . 
  2 please, 
  ifnu havent yet , watch the new series called westworld !, 
  it 's amazing . 
  thats crazy . . 
  i 'm mostly playing bf1 since its launch but now i kinda got bored of it a bit amd i 'm looking for something new . 
  also waiting for for honor beta to come out in january . 
  for honor anyone ? 
  why is no one talking about this game . 
  knights all the way !, 
  i do , great game worth it 's money . 
  is this only for us ? 
  lol xd, 
  am i supposed to pay to play beta ? 
  can you share the wallpaper ? 
  i 'd love to get a code too . 
  i just wan na know when the beta starts so i can stop looking up this subreddit every morning/evening . . 
  the water in aquarium is probably warmer than in the pond . 
  i 'm on xbox one so if i get the code with invite i will surely send it to someone . 
  but if i dont get anything i 'd love to get one since i 'm considering to buy the game but i wan na try it first . 
  have a nice day . 
  thanks !, 
  i hope i 'll climb to challenger at least . 
  never played ranked even tho i 'm veteran . 
  btw do u have to wait till the end of the season to get the wheels ? 
  i would spend it on witcher 3 . 
  i want the game so ad but never got spare money to buy it . 
  haha nice !, 
  yup i have that bug too . 
  more and more lately . . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do the same . 
  amazing with great soundtrack !, 
  yea i know hans zimmer and two steps from hell . 
  i loveto listen to movie/game soundtracks . 
  i 've been waiting to try this game for months and today i played it for about 3 hours and it was kinda cool specially 1vs1 but i 'm not totally convinced yet even tho i love medieval stuff . 
  it will probably get boring after a while . 
  scout class is still the most fun specially if u play with infantry rifles . 
  dont u think revive is kinda too fast ? 
  holy moly that clock looks cool !, 
  nice !, 
  mine is nothing special just a nova launcher with delta icon pack and kwlp clock and date . 
  is there maybe a subreddit for hobbies like this ? 
  you are just like me . 
  thanks for doing this you 're amazing !, 
  yup i started hating the game in the closed beta because i was loosing almost every game against higher lvl players . 
  sure . 
  i 'd love to get the lego movie game . 
  thanks op for this amazing giveaway . 
  haha exactly like me !, 
  great ad haha, 
  it 's p2p, 
  fuck me for having a job and a girlfriend so i cant gid gud fast as some kids can . 
  play operations , you 'll get more xp there . 
  woah great photos !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  anders has a small penis . 
  since i 'm from slovenia i 'd love to see if they include isonzo front which was one of the bloodiest fronts in wwi . 
  nah not worth it . 
  more !, 
  can you see maps in cte too ? 
  thanks for that !, 
  it 's great to see a new map , ca n't wait to see more of them !, 
  is this the only new map that you can play in cte ? 
  great pics !, 
  is it that bad in for honor ? 
  is there any videos with this map ? 
  woah great map !, 
  pretty and i love the bridge !, 
  will it work if i buy premium pass ? 
  i 'd love to have the code if u still have it . 
  yup, 
  klwp with ah kollection pack, 
  delta icon pack, 
  nova launcher, 
  in agree . 
  piccolo was always my fav . 
  i used to draw him when i was younger and it didnt even look that bad . 
  i 'd like to get gears of war 3 . 
  thank you for doing this . 
  they still havent fixed the black screen bug when you join the game !!,
