  definately gon na buy it but i 'll wait to see more maps . 
  yea i see lots of bad comments about bad framerate . 
  shame , the game looks so fun . 
  i 'll consider if its worth buying . 
  yea game looks so fun !, 
  is warband better than medieval warfare ? 
  same here, 
  on store it says that it supports up to 32 players . 
  i agree , i hope it will be fun, 
  ah right , did n't see he meant single player . 
  holy shit yes !, 
  can you roam around the map in demo ? 
  i 'm excited about the game too !, 
  ca n't wait for friday . 
  is multiplayer fun to play if i play solo ? 
  i have another game in my sight : chivalry medieval warfare but idk if it 's worth buying . 
  what do you think ? 
  i wan na try mcc before i buy halo 5 somewhere in near future . 
  never played the games but i 'd love to play them all . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  is there a lot of btb maps you can choose ? 
  forge made maps are from players right ? 
  but warzone is against ai or is it against other players too ? 
  and what do you do in firefight ? 
  looking for a xbox one key to try this awesome game . 
  thank you !, 
  uplay : njami11, 
  very cool, 
  i got halo 5 digital deluxe edition for 23 $, 
  yea same here , i have high ping too on xbox and other players too . 
  thank you so much for info , i know it will take a while to learn maps and everything . 
  game is amazing buti had no idea how hard it is to play haha . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you for info !, 
  yea it 's hard but i still enjoy game . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll look up the site , thank you !, 
  sure i 'll add you but i wont be online right now . 
  i 'll try it out , thanks !, 
  why does it look so easy ? 
  it 's on xbox beta app for android, 
  me too !, 
  tanked ? 
  ty for explanation, 
  wow thanks for info it was great to read !, 
  i 'll try my best on ladder but i do n't think i 'll come far as i do n't have much time to play games . 
  thank you . 
  i woild like one monster code please  thank you for doing this !, 
  yea me too , ca n't wait to see other maps and stuff . 
  the map would be dark as fuck . 
  never played any of gow and would like one for sure, 
  i would love to have any . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  have a nice day, 
  have a nice day !, 
  great explanation !, 
  ca n't wait to play on this amazing map . 
  like fighting with neighbour over the fence . 
  i 'm sure your wife wo n't be happy :p, 
  great community , always helpful . 
  about 40gb i think, 
  anyone knows what time will the game be released tommorrow ? 
  same here , i 've been waiting all day to play after i come from work and now i 'm just sitting and waiting . 
  needs more orange . 
  yea happened to me a lot of times . 
  i 'm on xbox one . 
  i 'm on a horse !, 
  haha love it, 
  here , take it . 
  i cant even in conquest . 
  just played 5 games in a row and none of them loaded stats screen, 
  thanks so much for this giveaway !, 
  very cool , can you make it red instead of blue with that star blark or white please ? 
  i hope they fix loading end of round screen too ... 
  thanks for including my skull with a `` german helmet '' . 
  great collection , cheers !, 
  thanks !, 
  ponosna * it 's a she . 
  i thought it 's gon na change to trump . 
  yea i am , it 's quite a few of us here hah . 
  visit slovenia some day , you 're more than welcome !, 
  well most of tourists here in slovenia go to lake bled , ljubljana , postojna cave & predjama castle , piran at the seaside . 
  vintgar gorge is pretty , logarska valley is gorgeous too . 
  well i hope there will be more of them , i ca n't find any . 
  do you even get any xp after the first match or do you only get the second one 's in the end ? 
  zajdi zajdi is awesome soundtrack too . 
  i always wait in the menu till the song ends . 
  so you 're one of those who stand infront of the gun . 
  that was funny lol, 
  nice !, 
  lvl 51 playing solo since beginning and it 's still fun . 
  i do n't like it at all , too open . 
  i 'll test it out later , thank you !, 
  waait a second . . is that snow ? 
  thats actually for good that it got nerfed . 
  oh right . 
  thanks for explanation . 
  yep ( xbox ), 
  meh , i hope the russians will be in the dlc too . 
  np dude .
