  to my dogs :, 
  if you think i 'll give you any more treats to get you in my room you 're wrong . 
  if i say stand still when i 'm cleaning your muddy paws . . stand fucking still . 
  eat slowly because you clearly ca n't breathe when you 're eating so fast . 
  but do you really get 5 $ if you do something ? 
  i 'm kinda interested in this and would give a try with drawing . 
  ow i 'm sorry i did n't know . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll add more wallpapers soon . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll add more of them soon, 
  btw . . this wallpaper and many other wallpapers you can find in my album here :, 
  no problem . 
  i 'm glad you like them, 
  oh god thank you so much !!, 
  you are my hero !, 
  sweet !, 
  looks cool and i like the sidebar , 
  btw if u ' r interested i have an album of my favorite wallpapers here . . http://imgur.com/a/healu#0, 
  looks like an old photo of someone on bicycle , i think you should use instagram to make it even older :p, 
  haha you 're a funny guy . 
  i liked this video, 
  looks pretty realistic to me . 
  and i 'm surprised you did n't use instagram . 
  pretty cool story lol . 
  good job stealing that truck like a boss !, 
  icons : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1576814, 
  ( open metro inspired with winrar or 7zip and then open icons folder again with winrar/7zip to get the icons ), 
  clock : ultimate custom clock widget, 
  note : since you ca n't change app icons in launcher pro ( only dock icons can ) i used simple text app to add icons on homescreen . 
  thank 's for your opinion !, 
  what wallpaper would fit with these icons ? 
  do you have any nice minimal wallpapers maybe ? 
  well i like clocks and i tought this clock with these fonts would kinda fit with icons . 
  would it be better without clock ? 
  or some else style ? 
  anyways thanks for your opinion i appreciate it !, 
  i saw this on razer 's facebook page . . 
  same here !, 
  it looks like he just gave up . . 
  ofcourse you can !, 
  i hope you 'll like it here, 
  if you feel good about having ancesters in slovenia then sure !, 
  where are you from ? 
  well september is still warm and sunny here so probably and hopefully it 'll be . 
  ow well thats pretty far behind but it 's great that you know where your fathers ancesters are from . 
  iz kranja . 
  well lake bled is great tourist spot . 
  specially when the weather is nice . 
  there you can go on a famous desert called krem\u0161nita or more correctly kremna rezina, 
  or you can go on a boat called pletnja to the church island and ring the bell in church and make a wish . 
  then you can go to the castle which is next to the lake for a great view . 
  you can go to the lake bohinj too . 
  it has beautiful view and there 's less tourists and its more peaceful . 
  the capital city of slovenia-ljubljana is lately full of tourists and if you 're in slovenia you should definately go and see the city . 
  if you 're going to the slovenian seaside you should definately go to piran . 
  it 's the most beautiful city in slovenia ( my opinion ) . 
  from capital city to the seaside is just about 2 and a half hours of driving . 
  meanwhile you 're driving to the seaside you can turn to postojna where postojna cave is and go for a trip with a little train that leads you through the cave . . 
  so yea here 's something you should visit if you 're coming to slovenia . 
  maybe if you 're more fan of the mountain hiking and stuff you could visit, 
  logarska valley for a beautiful view on alps . . 
  i hope i helped a little . 
  now that 's what i call wtf ?!?!, 
  this guy has a dream job !, 
  that is a silly question, 
  i 'd love to have one jumping around my backyard , 
  but isn ' t that how it supposed to be ? 
  the whole picture is like fish eye effect . 
  aww i dont like poodles but i like this . 
  he looks really focused in game :-), 
  what kind of sorcery is this ?!, 
  pretty mind blowing !, 
  didnt know . 
  gorgeous dog !!, 
  looks like pokemon , 
  because of height pressure or something ? 
  my sister works at petshop and knows someone who gave her the crab . 
  she did n't take care so much at him so i took it and googled a little and now i 'm trying my best to make him confortable as much as i can hehe . 
  best photo of dog i 've ever seen . 
  gorgeous dog !, 
  good choice !, 
  i 'm gon na need that wallpaper too . 
  why !!!, 
  why did i watch this : c, 
  these are some busy scientists !, 
  * falls off the table *, 
  i was like nnooo and when i saw it is still alive i was like yeaaaa but then i read the description below the video and i was like aww fuck . 
  you have a great and talented mom !, 
  whats the wallpaper please ? 
  this cat has got some high tolerancy !, 
  i 'm still waiting for the wallpaper : c, 
  i really like this.simple but so cool . 
  i wish i could do something like this so simple but very effective and cool . 
  i agree !, 
  ahh thank you sir !, 
  great theme btw :d, 
  i had that fucking thing on my left side of face.that week i had a cold and probably because of stress ( school ) i got this . 
  first i thought i have pimples or something . 
  then it became itchy and just like on the pic it looked like scabs or something .
