you managed to completely sway the discussion from my original point . 
  social studies in general has little to no direct positive effects on our society and if you know at least some students of these programmes you know that they generally do n't study much . 
  i do n't think our country should be funding 5 years of studies for people who only want the degree and end up doing jobs that do n't require anything of what they 've learned . 
  especially since the programmes that will be decisive to success of our economy like cybernetics/robotics , mechatronics and tangent specializations are severely underfunded compared to our western neighbours . 
  i truly do have a certain level of disdain towards people who get credits for classes like ethical problems of pornography , although not on personal level obviously . 
  it 's funny how you will get upvotes just because you are much more eloquent than me in english , even when presenting points like ' i got accepted to hard double degree programme like 20 people get into =  average student that manages to party 2 times a week and works 3 days a week ( literally people i know ) is on the level of law student ! ', 
  no he is not . 
  when i have a fever and i 'm taking a medication that does n't work , i stop buying it and evaluate my other options . 
  you clearly are n't the average student i 'm talking about . 
  as i said , this is becoming a pointless discussion and i think we both are well aware of the level of our social studies students as well as the close to non existent benefits it brings to our society . 
  this is becoming a pointless discussion . 
  i will just note that i 'm not talking about psychology , which is very useful . 
  that 's also highlighted that it 's hard to get accepted into the programme , unlike the ones like social anthropology , which is just pointless garbage . 
  i was referring to my experience with quite a few people studying these programmes . 
  obviously you are going to have a few talented students who end up doing something actually useful - this could be solved by limiting number of accepted students to a free programme and have the rest of them pay . 
  what do we need them for then ? 
  as i see it social science academia fails to solve all the issues we need them for ? 
  oh please , tell me more about how social sciences have admitance tests on the difficulty level of the law school . 
  i do n't think you believe this yourself . 
  statistically yes , even lazy engineering students find jobs as b-level technologists in local companies or code monkeys . 
  not to mention all engineering programmes have significant drop off rate because there actually are requirements being put on things like logical thinking and some effort is required . 
  i also mentioned the effort to reduce the so called intolerance in our society and integration of gypsies , both of which were handled extraordinarily poorly . 
  surprise surprise , our social studies students/academics are morons trying to picture our population as xenophobic and hostile towards pretty much anyone . 
  that 's the same academia which failed to make * any * progress in integration of gypsies over the years and the same which gets funding for large projects like hatefree culture , which does literally nothing to make average uneducated people more tolerant but rather wages social wars against them , making them even more hateful and stubborn . 
  we should just cut the funding and make social studies paid programmes . 
  all the people that study these mostly just party and fuck around anyway . 
  as an engineer i can say that we could use the extra funding in research very , very much . 
  would be justice well served . 
  i visited auschwitz a few weeks ago and the place is just depressing . 
  very well made to remind people of what happened and should not be forgotten . 
  i do n't see how anyone could abuse a catholic besides lame jokes . 
  it 's not like 99 % of czechs care . 
  on the other hand , catholic church significantly worsened their reputation by suing for a lot of property lately . 
  one would think catholics should n't be more greedy than a jewish stereotype . 
  i genuinely think we are not and i think the evidence to back it is sufficient . 
  50 years of occupation should n't change cultural , historical , genetical or geographical facts . 
  we do n't really have black people in the sense most people know the word so gypsied take the honor as the darkest-skinned group of people living here . 
  for afroamericans we usually use '' \u010dernoch '' which basically means black but people know you 're referring to afroamericans . 
  to be fair , is not wanting your kid to marry a gypsy or muslim ( without further specification which makes most people imagine your typical immigrant who ca n't speak our language and has completely different culture ) xenophobic ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it all comes down to the way the question was asked . 
  if you ask it the way that makes people imagine typical asian selling cheap stuff in a market with their super broken czech , there is no wonder parents would prefer their kid to date a native czech . 
  i think this is again related to czechs being negative on default and since they have no experience with jews they rather say no than yes . 
  overall , i do n't think this survey implies that we are as racist or xenophobic as people try to make it out to be . 
  the situation is also getting better and the younger generation is much more open towards different cultures and ethnicities . 
  i asked my mother and grandmother and they do associate them . 
  gypsies are even often refered to as blacks . 
  i 'm lowkey thinking the survey was done by antropology students eager to prove how xenophobic and islamophobic czechs are . 
  the formulation of questions does a lot here . 
  mostly the low percetage with asians since young asians are perfectly assimilated . 
  i do n't think most czechs mind asians at all . 
  it 's just that your average parent is going to imagine a guy in a shop with shitty cheap clothing imported from china speaking broken czech if you ask about asians . 
  that 's why the number is so low imo . 
  i keep asking myself the same question as well . 
  it seems like half of slovak youth moved to study in brno or prague anyway . 
  cool . 
  i did n't know they had such nice maps during the cold war . . 
  do * you * have facts ? 
  you basically wrote something without citing a source and expect others to counter it with facts ? 
  i think the only way to do that is to stop the brain drain . 
  the smartest people and successful startups are likely to end up in the us because it 's the better place to be successful since ww2 . 
  i do n't know what we can do about that . 
  wages do n't mean as much as you think . . 
  how long have you lived here ? 
  depending on what you want , life in some of the smaller cities is arguably better than in prague . 
  for example ceske budejovice is a great city , perfect for settling down , raising kids and having a good life in a calm , clean environment . 
  what 's the name of the app for that widget ? 
  how tf is this getting upvoted ? 
  you are labeling entire nation as leeches over one negative comment . 
  many people in the western countries indeed do feel this sense of entitlement over their eastern counterparts , even though they do n't usually say that openly . 
  it 's pretty narrow-minded if you ask me . 
  no one said you ca n't post . 
  i love to hear opinions of people from other countries and continents , but only if they are informed and have something to say that is n't just wrong . 
  why does every thread on r/europe have at least a few americans with literaly zero knowledge of the situation sharing their infinite knowledge of their second favorite country , europe . 
  i 'm traveling to krakow this wednesday . 
  will this affect our stay in some way ? 
  are the protests in other cities as well ? 
  for drunk content we need to post our own president . . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  the problem is we can never be sure that yhe dictatorship is going to be good . 
  if i was sure it was going to be good , i would support the dictator . 
  anyone who thinks that having political parties arguing like children and switching power every few years is preferable to single intelligent dictator who serves his people is an idiot . 
  i mean , no beer is less beer than some beer . 
  danes have excellent goods in markets though . 
  i 've lived the for a month past two summers and one of the things i loved was the sortiment of high quality food , and not too expensive , actually the prices were again comparable to ours . 
  i had some guy gibber some bullshit about larger market and thus lower overall costs for the company . 
  ca n't argue with experienced economists . 
  they do n't teach basic logic there . 
  c'mon man , this whole thread is about trump and how he stands compared to merkel . . 
  i do n't think this is related to my english but rather to your inability to understand context . 
  i 'd have the same misunderstanding even when typing in my native language . 
  i have c2 level exam with almost perfect score in writing so i 'm quite sure i do n't need to practice secondary school level syntax . 
  anyway , just the context itself was enough for you to be able to clearly understand my point , even if i let a twelve year old write the comment in broken english . 
  no i said that education is why people outside of the 30 % do n't respect trump . 
  that 's why the `` actually '' was there . 
  nah , you are too stupid to understand my point . 
  i 'd say you can generalise this to several attributes . 
  education was my first thought . 
  for one , the person is able to understand overwhelming scientific evidence on topics like global warming . 
  also helps with understanding other useful things like cost of building an enormous wall .
