  he was disrespectful and threatening and i can tell you , as someone living in the ruhr area , that is not unsimiliar . 
  being a policeman has to be even more taxing and snapping because of this is only a piece of time . 
  true , you should hold policemen to a higher standart . 
  but they \u00b4 re still people and knowing our turkish machos , they are very good at crossing lines and trying to play tough , it just took a while before one policemen would snap . 
  to be honest , this fucker deserves a beating , lighting a cigarette close to leaking fuel and disrespecting the police , like many of his peers . 
  ansbach and w\u00fcrzburg were . 
  southern cyprus - best cyprus . 
  i am criticising erdogan , but also the turkish immigrants living in my country , voting for him , who do n't want to become germans and assimilate , integrate into our society , living in their seperated communities . 
  the turks living in germany are mostly the akp following grey wolves ( do n't know why they do n't vote for mhp , it would fit better ) , who see turkey as their paradise . 
  but at the same time they always cry to get respect , being aggressive , loud , and negative towards germans . 
  i 'm not stupid , i just developed a strong sentiment against these guys . 
  i want them gone , when they want to live under a dictator , fine , but then please stay the fuck away . 
  it 's bad enough for the people living in turkey , who do n't want that , but that 's not my problem , my problem are the young thugs screaming at me in front of a bar , because i looked strange , while they try to pick a fight . 
  these guys follow erdogan , because he gives them a feeling of being superior , even though they are loosers . 
  but appeasement , for the sake of turkeys democracy does n't solve my problem , it 's bending over to the guys living here , but i want my country to show them that they are scum , and can only better their situation if they integrate or leave . 
  it 's the same arguments all the time , all they do is whine , how europe/germany is driving them into isolation or radicalisation . 
  it 's ridiculous , sometimes they want to be treated with respect , the other time like little babies that have to be pampered . 
  why do n't they go back then ? 
  why live where you are n't accepted ? 
  back then it seemed like a good idea , problem was , they never went back , breaching the contact that said they were allowed to stay for only some years . 
  no we have to find a way to get rid of the nationalist lot and quit on double nationality for newborns , otherwise i fear there will be open hostility . 
  if you ever visit a sauerl\u00e4nder sch\u00fctzenfest you will get to drink warsteiner , veltins or krombacher in huge quantities . 
  that 's what it 's made for , to be able to drink all day without feeling so full that you have to take pauses . 
  also it has the perfect alcohol percentage for day drinking without having to throw up in the night , instead you just loose the taste for it , go home , sleep it off and continue for the next three days . 
  that is where this beer shines , any thicker beer could n't even compete on this level , because you would take to long to finish it . 
   american beer won so many awards  you sound so elitist gibraltar pls . 
  how about no . 
  there was talk about it , but among people who support our military it \u00b4 s not very accepted , i woulnd \u00b4 t want it either . 
  i always knew south-westphalia does n't belong to fucking rhineland . 
  okay , til , thanks for the answer . 
  i \u00b4 m way more triggered of their use of the american flag in this picture , than the photo itself . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t want forces of another country waving flags in front of infrarstructure of the ( potential ) `` enemy '' . 
  they could \u00b4 ve flown the estonian flag or the nato one , but like this it just feels like they could \u00b4 ve been in afghanistan doing their `` peace '' - missions . 
  better let europeans develop a joined military and defend its borders , then have foreigners from a different continent let their patriotism overshadow the country they are there to protect . 
  i would like to have an estonian patriot give their point on this topic , are you okay with them with this picture and are you okay with them flying the american flag there ? 
  in the ruhr area there is an evacuation every other month , every time i listen to the radio you can here them advising the population to be careful . 
  do n't give up on your home !, 
  if this would happen in my country i would rather die defending my people and my home from these fucks , than simply give up . 
  when the time of talks has ended , the time of action has come !, 
  of course : 1 . 
  our `` investment '' needs to be protected , we can \u00b4 t let you fail , now that the populace sank so much money into the country ( half sarcastic argument ) 2 . 
  lots of germans don \u00b4 t have a good opinion about turks , if they attack you and germany ( the country ) doesn \u00b4 t help , you \u00b4 ll get a ton of people happy to fight them , once they cleared out their own cities from marauding turks . 
  they do n't need to be deported , they just ca n't live there anymore . 
  lippe and westfalen are n't poor , it 's just the ruhrgebiet that 's lacking behind . 
  but i like splitting nrw up like that , i always wondered if the brits wanted the rheinland and westfalen together just to weaken us in internal disagreements . 
  as is tradition . 
  you state all this stuff , what they received and what they made out of it , so i would sadly claim that it is the turks fault that they did n't integrate . 
  only because the government support was lacking didnt mean that there were now possibilities to learn german , to go into german communities and to become part of them . 
  you just would have had to lose some part of your tribal parts of the culture , but that is what was always lacking . 
  turks banding together because it was convenient is a sign of failure from them , not from the german populace . 
  back then even islam was n't an issue , because the population was deeply religious as well , so that 's not an excuse , it 's just that turks always wanted to stay turks and expected the germans to roll with it . 
  guess what , that 's not enough anymore and people who openly identify with a foreign state are n't as welcome in our country as others . 
  then the * growing * religious identity is even further dividing us . 
  either they lose parts of their islam , assimilate into society or they have to live with the fact that germany is not and never going to be home for them , but that 's not up to the germans , who did a lot more then any other country , that expected more from its immigrants . 
  haha , blowing up not so much , but there is a reason that the almancis are seen as scum , even by their brethren in turkey . 
  we received farmers and workers back in the day when they were needed , now they fail to integrate and lack the education to sustain themselves . 
  so sentiments against them , also because they do n't even want to be part of germany , are rising , who can blame us ? 
  already happened 60 years ago , although the not shaving startet just recently . 
  i understand the issues and also the envy that you and your people may have towards us . 
  i 'm glad that you have a more differentiate view towards german-polish friendship , with all the difficulties it may face and all the problems it may have , poles , as frenchmen or northerners , are still our neighbours and we share a long history together , even if not always a peaceful one but still we share common values . 
  i am also happy to see that poland is coming along better and better economically . 
  my girlfriends family is polish and when we visited last year they could see improvements , even if slow but still steady . 
  and i think this has something to do with poland gaining some pride about their business quality , something a german businessman would admire too , because it would mean better trading partners in the long run . 
  since my grandparents were german-slesian we 've been to poland a few times and even though they were sad about the homes they lost , they always valued the poles as honest people , who would treat you fairly , something i 've thought too , even more so as i do n't see enemies in our two people but partners , with similar roots to our culture . 
  that 's a sad thing to hear from our neighbours , i had always thought of poles more favourable than most others , seems like i was wrong ? 
  that 's what erdogan says ... 
  true, 
  same could be true for swiss german , it just depends who you ask and a bit with nationalism, 
  platt , as in lower german , a language , at least in my local dialect , that dutchies could understand , too . 
  while some people would disagree here , most wehrmacht soldiers were just normal people fighting for their country . 
  you didn \u00b4 t have to be in the nsdap to join and only few warcrimes happened with the wehrmacht , most was done by the ss , although not all and not all by germans . 
  so , yeah , normal guys , key probably was that they could communicate , i guess they were kinder to someone they could talk to and not someone who would seem like a mute to them . 
  [ both are finno-ugric languages . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-ugric_languages ), 
  the language constantly is in search of lebensraum . 
  slesian is a totally different language , similiar like swiss german isn \u00b4 t german . 
  also there is german slesian , as a `` platt '' dialect , which is nearly dying out . 
  i also speak platt ... we could do this together plus the bavarians would be furious , wouldn \u00b4 t that be great ? 
  wait until we go for europa a third time , you never know when it will be handy . 
  you \u00b4 re right , even though one can argue what influences the city had with its history with pomeranian , polish , hanse and german-order rule . 
  but still , i \u00b4 m happy that the old prussian aspects and the flair of the hanse and baltic sea remained , something the russians failed to do with k\u00f6nigsberg , if you compare the cities . 
  poles , i don \u00b4 t know of any other people who could have preserved the cultural aspects of the old german cities in a better way . 
  after the soviet union you took really good care of the towns , i visited danzig , breslau and krakow recently and i \u00b4 m happy that you try to preserve the nice old style and not invent something new and ugly out of it . 
  i look forward to visit you again . 
  of course , nothing is for free , but i don \u00b4 t think they wanted money , rather more influence , or treaties for business or something else . 
  or did you find some source that says the russians wanted to sell east-prussia ? 
  russia made the proposition to return k\u00f6nigsberg , but germany refused . 
  it \u00b4 s sad to loose such a high historical value and its german identity , but i guess it was for the better , it would \u00b4 ve been a rotten present , with such a big minority of ethnic russians in our country . 
  even though i read that todays younger people try to uphold the old history of the city , what i personally admire . 
  i would \u00b4 ve loved for silesia to return into the country or to become independent , because my grandparents where forced from there , but also , there was not enough german identity left in the population , it wouldn \u00b4 t have made sense to ask back for it . 
  i like that germany supports german minorities all over the world and i plan to support this effort to help them maintain their identity , but after all this time , i think it is better to keep borders and try to preserve history together , germans , poles , russians and all other people . 
  not for poland . 
  he is a troll , and a pretty bad one . 
  tanks are only useful , if they are supported by infantry . 
  an outright war for reperations would mean that all germans are drafted to defend their country . 
  add that with technological superiority and more tanks doesn \u00b4 t mean that much anymore . 
  i agree that the polish military may be better supported , but don \u00b4 t be fooled into thinking that the bundeswehr is easy to be pushed over . 
  the tiger failing in weather it \u00b4 s not designed for isn \u00b4 t something new , nato forces suffered the same problems the first few years in irak , which is a totally different climate . 
  to claim that our luftwaffe isn \u00b4 t functioning well because of these incidents is not a foolproof claim . 
  also i might add that the leopard 2a7 and the puma are very modern and might be more powerful than different tanks .
