  check out this [ article ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20130513/49671 ) . 
  i do n't know how it compares to paris , i 've never been there . 
  i guess every big city has crime and if you get mugged you probably do n't care if it 's in paris or frankfurt , both places suck if you are looking for peace and safety . 
  good on you poland !, 
  i hope this can be an example that people ca n't just cross into europe where and whenever they want , if they are not welcome . 
  frankfurt is said to be germanys capital of crime , or has this title gone to berlin . 
  but could be because of offenbach , too . 
  i hope you 're one of the few cunty lads from the uk , otherwise i would have to change my conception of british people . 
  first choice : austria . 
  same language , similiar culture , better politics , good food and nice landscape . 
  also i love to do holiday there , why not move there one day . 
  second choice : switzerland , for similiar reasons , but culturally a little bit further away . 
  third choice : denmark . 
  i love the sea , good economy and people . 
  language could be a problem , but that should be doable nevertheless . 
  fourth choice : poland . 
  the parents of my girlfriend are from there . 
  i like their attitude , love the food . 
  also my grandmother was from slesia , even though she was german i see similiarities between the polish slesians and the german ones , i definitly could live there . 
  fifth choice : ireland . 
  beautiful landscape . 
  i know english and i expect big things from the country in the future . 
  sixth choice : france . 
  i learned the language in school , i can learn it again . 
  also nice country , don \u00b4 t know too many frenchmen but i guess i would fit in nicely there . 
  seventh choice : croatia . 
  just because of its beautiful seaside and my holidays there are on of my best childhoof memories . 
  true , maybe they thought we would be divided culturally , bet they could n't believe it worked out well . 
  to be honest , the mentality in the sauerland and around the lippe is probably closer to lower saxony than to the k\u00f6lner :d, 
  there is a lot of industry in south-westfalia , around siegen a lot of metal-industry and infineon is based out of warstein . 
  also a lot of big beers come out of this region , which is a big employer , too . 
  the area around m\u00fcnster or the lippe is a nice part , too , historically rich , with services and some industry . 
  the poorer area is the ruhrarea , because mining is n't profitable any more , the rheinland is also pretty centralised with d\u00fcsseldorf and k\u00f6ln , with k\u00f6ln being a huge player in the state . 
  to be honest i guess nrw without the rheinland would be worse off , but the rest of nrw is n't some rundown wasteland , the pott with its unemployment and debt is just a huge problem in the moment . 
  but that 's hopefully going to change in some years . 
  yeah , just have been 70 years . 
  i do n't mean that the state should be split up , i was just wondering a few days ago why we got put together , because culturally westfalen is a single region ( still devidable in subregions ) , just like the rhineland is . 
  i guess the brits put us together to manage the area better , but i 'm still wondering why they chose this borders for it . 
  i 'm not from cologne though , the difference between westfalen and the rhineland is not small , i do n't know why the british thought putting us in one state was a good idea . 
  please , it 's all yours , but you also have to take in the people living there . 
  wrong , the money wasn \u00b4 t going to be payed to the turkish government , but to projects in turkey , mainly to support ngos , which help refugees in the country . 
  erdogan didn \u00b4 t lie when he said only 2 million have been paid to turkey , but only because he twisted the words of the deal . 
  the eu already paid 2.15 billion euro , but only to organisations who support refugees in the region through various projects for example [ here ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2016-06/diyarbakir-fluechtlinge-tuerkei-syrien-irak-jesiden-eu-hilfe ) ( german source ) . 
  are the conscripts who were send to die in this coup then martyrs , too ? 
  martyrdom is always a religious sacrifice , i do n't think i like that and i do n't know how secular military men would think about being called this . 
  but if it 's common in your country , fair enough . 
  i 'm going to get ready for the turkish demonstration in cologne beforehand , but sure , you are so worried for european safety . 
  yeah , and turks are going to demonstrate in cologne ... both can do this stuff in their own country , i do n't need any of this bullshit !, 
  intermarriage in germany mostly is between a turkish man and german woman , at least that 's more common but only between people who integrated already . 
  we mostly got uneducated `` guestworker '' in the 60s/70s from anatolia , same place erdogan gets his voterbase from . 
  even today a lot of these turks do n't get a proper education , some do n't even finish school , but then they blame the german people for it . 
  there is a lot of violence from turkish youth , therefore they have a very bad reputation , one that even russians do n't have around here , who were another problematic group in the 90s , but since then they integrated better . 
  a problem is that most see themselves as turkish/muslim first , what alienates them from the native group . 
  this is what makes them strong akp supporter , because they can only turn to nationalism and religion to still feel connected to their homeland . 
  ask / r/turkey what opinion they hold about almancis , i think most people from istanbul or izmir hold better opinions then most of the turkish people that live in duisburg/essen/gelsenkirchen . 
  even though they are fairly nationalist too , what on would n't want in germany , at least not towards a foreign country , at least most of them would be secular . 
  i am not certain anymore . 
  akp got from 60 % to even 70 % in nrw , where most turks live and since the coup you can see a lot more nationalist comments under german media on facebook . 
  also there were clashes in big cities with g\u00fclen-supporters , outstanding would be the attack on a youth center in gelsenkirchen . 
  both sides are islamists and turkish nationalists , the grey wolves are a lot more active now , too , compared to 10 years ago . 
  i do n't want any people in my country who would prefer a foreign government , as it 's not certain where their loyalty lies . 
  and also their religion and bigger nationalism stands in their way to integrate properly into this society , this way they will always be a liability and maybe even dangerous . 
  first of all , there are only 3 million turks in germany or people who have turkish ancestors . 
  1.5 of them have only the turkish nationality so , if you really wanted , this would be a possibility . 
  most have double nationality and have to decide if they want to be german at age 23 . 
  so if you are integrated into society i guess you are no problem to germany and take the german nationality . 
  then why should we deport them ? 
  they fit in alright and should pose just marginal problems . 
  problematic are mostly young turks , sunnis , who follow erdogan in any way , hold islam very high , lack education , have the southern mentality and behave like dicks . 
  sadly most younger muslims are like this , so that is a problem . 
  for my german society it would be best , at least that 's my opinion , if we would restrict muslim migration , deport to turkey who ca n't behave and wo n't integrate into society and take back our national pride , so that people who want to integrate have something to connect to and feel something for this country . 
  good , let 's deport them too if they ca n't behave , most have the double citizenship so noone would become stateless . 
  there are a lot of craftsmen in germany who work independent , here you don \u00b4 t need big corporate everytime you have something that needs to be done . 
  yeah , for germany . 
  don \u00b4 t get me wrong , i would gladly help in a defensive way , but i doubt a joint european force would work that way . 
  a soldier always has to keep in mind that he might die and most are okay with that because of patriotism and to defend their families back at home , but i doubt that there would be these feelings for europe . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t have them , too , to be honest . 
  and i don \u00b4 t know if i can trust anyone from the eu to always have my back , no matter what , that are a lot of maybes and ifs for something so dangerous and important . 
  the union of soldiers in the bundeswehr already said that they don \u00b4 t want a joined european source , because a soldiers job identifies heavily with his nationality , so i don \u00b4 t think this would work . 
  good to hear , i also didn \u00b4 t mean you should abandon your roots , maybe you got that . 
  i just find it tiresome if two turks start to speak in turkish while others that don \u00b4 t speak the language are around , it \u00b4 s just plain unfriendly . 
  i usually don \u00b4 t get the islamist vibes from turks , more from arabs , but some of you guys seriously need to chill more and start to give less fucks about your honour . 
  i guess you always find bad behaviour somewhere , but people that don \u00b4 t feel like they have any connection to the others will probably care less about their actions to them . 
  truth be told , i read somewhere that after a few generations most immigrants become `` deutsche michels '' , too , so i \u00b4 m glad to have some germans with turkish heritage who are like you in this country !, 
  no worries , i \u00b4 m just messing , i would just wish that you guys that live in this country would identify as germans and not still as turks . 
  typical , a german answering as a turk , guess we really are the nordt\u00fcrkei now . 
  conquest not founding . 
  we did with turks and arabs , did n't work out great ... also , take a look at the top comment by / u/dfractalh , the article linked is factually wrong . 
  all players who play in the premier league missed their penalty , to put that into perspective ;-), 
   they are singing `` sehitler \u00f6lmez , vatan b\u00f6l\u00fcnmez '' which means `` even though martyrs die , our country wo n't be divided '' . 
  ( the `` martyrs '' here refers to `` our soldiers '' , not some medieval-era martyrs . ), 
  as / u/olddoc [ said ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4qkqpj/uefa_says_no_minutes_of_silence_for_istanbul/d4tv9o9 ) . 
  during a minute of silence you hold your mouth and don \u00b4 t chant something . 
  also i doubt they meant french soldiers or policemen , but turkish , which brings in their strange nationalism . 
  it \u00b4 s not as bad as chanting `` allahe akbar '' but it \u00b4 s still bad and disrespectful . 
  and that is better ? 
  not racism , but they clearly deserve the stereotype as the loud , proud , arrogant , aggressive guys who are up for trouble and are easily aggregated . 
  there 's a difference between turks and germans to the swiss ... also turkish have a different religion and integrated terribly , i doubt the german guy behaved in a way the 3rd generation turkish do . 
  i call it experience , coming from living in bochum for some time and developing some rejection . 
  watch the footage of `` bild '' , even if you do n't trust them as a newspaper , and make up your mind about the behaviour of the turkish guy .
