especially against turkey . 
  i 'm an afd-supporter , and i dont want conflict with russia . 
  but also my girlfriends parents are polish and i would fight for my fellow europeans , especially in the east as i like their state of mind , should they get attacked . 
  haha , killed ? 
  no , i said all turks who support erdogan should be treated like traitors and sent home to their dictator , but nice way to interpret my [ words ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/51rwsd/cyprus_to_have_2_time_zones/d7furk9/?context=3 ) . 
  but would be interesting to know how you remebered this stuff , did you tag me or are you a frequenter of / r/turkey or how did this come along ? 
  of course a german has to step in to save the turk ... 
  similar for / r/de and i like it that way , even though the discussions can get pretty toxic . 
  you have to be pretty young to believe that fkk is solely a eastern german thing , even though it 's more popular there . 
  i 'm an studying electrical engineering and information technology , i 'm well aware of the problems of our future society , but i just believe that we do n't have the resources and obligation to feed people who do n't belong to us , when only a few will still work . 
  but after seeing how and what kind of nonsense you write , i believe you 're just a troll , so , nice evening ;-) . 
  pretty dense mate , huh ? 
  we need skilled people , technicians , people who are able to pay more into our welfare system than they are going to receive from it , otherwise you 'll have people flocking to the streets in a ten years . 
  also , we do n't need people who try to live in their own small societies , off our money , who are n't going to assimilate . 
  and , we need less germans who think we still owe the world everything , this is destroying the eu . 
  you can come here if you think you can contribute and are interested in contribution to the german society , if that 's sounding like hard work , what you do n't desire , than well , fuck off . 
  if it 's that what you want then fuck off , we 're full . 
  edit : seriously , exploiting schengen for social services is one of the things why i think the rapid expansion of eu is/was bad . 
  if they want to work , fine , but do n't expect to get employed without a decent education . 
  i know what turks should do to reach into our society , but i do n't know what we should do , without losing more of our culture identity . 
  thing is , most turks live here in 3rd or 2nd generation now , they all had to go to school for at least 10 years and in this time our social system gets described on several occasions , so there is now excuse for them to not know what they can/should archive . 
  and in fact all of them have the same possibility , if they really wanted , there are a few kids at my uni that i would n't call integrated in the slightest , as they live their live as if they 're in istanbul , not bochum . 
  what turks should do or rather should 've done is getting less not more religious . 
  also not praising thugs , who try to break out of the system . 
  here you have older brothers who steal or beat up others getting praised by their circle as being so fucking cool , they behave like they 'd rather be some american rapper , killing others and banging chicks all day , without working for a single day in their life . 
  the turks who broke out of this circle are all right , the younger the better , even though some of them also praise a foreign dictator , who in fact they should n't have any connection to , as they do n't live in their country . 
  in the end the turks who ca n't behave , as they praise social outcasts , try to stick to their tribes and would never allow their kids to marry a german or even lose their faith are the ones who ruin it for all the other ones , as they shed a bad light on all of them . 
  but because there are a lot of them , it 's not just a small circle and racism from our side , it 's just that most germans had bad experiences with foreigners especially muslims , so they are fed up now . 
  then the showcase of unwillingness to integrate in cologne and the distance grows . 
  so no , i do n't have a good plan what we as germans could do , as i think we offered them all chances to improve it for themselves but they did n't do the last step and after living in this country for so long , they should n't get any extras anymore , they had their chance . 
  i think deporting more who become criminal would be good , as it would make others think twice before they commit crime . 
  i also hope that turkey becomes a richer society , so that the ones who do n't want to integrate see a future for themselves over there , because i rather do n't want to throw out people who did n't harm anyone . 
  but i also do n't want people in my country try who do n't want to participate in society , so i guess if they are foreign and after 4 generations still do n't want to integrate i would welcome a politician who wants to throw them out with other people who do n't belong to us and are just here to reap our social services . 
  read again , can you comprehend stuff ? 
  i know several , i just choose not to have contact anymore . 
  well , if they behave that way and call themselves turks foremost , what else should we call them ? 
  i know , but they are to us , too . 
  i did n't say they should be killed , i said they should be treated as enemies . 
  i would n't be sad if we could deport them and i would n't wonder if these people , should there be any conflict , would defect to the turks any minute . 
  to me they do n't belong to our country and protest for their own here , that to me is treason . 
  probably , i 'm fairly patriotic but think that if you life somewhere all your live you should adapt to this society and not waste your potential to contribute by staying in your own cycle . 
  personally the guy that sells me d\u00f6ner and my direct neighbors . 
  the guy is pretty decent , the wive is an erdogan supporter which seriously disappointed me a few weeks ago . 
  but they are allright . 
  i got to know some during school , several allright , but the ones who always got into trouble were mostly turkish , some germans and poles , too , to be honest . 
  since two years i study in bochum and there i have not a lot of contact with the turks , they are mostly rude , lack manners , are louder than i like and show a lot of `` termperament '' . 
  but there is a lot of trouble in the city with all ethnicies , but muslim youth are mostly the ones starting trouble . 
  that 's the contact i had , no lasting friendships with them , but for my neighbors , but i got to know several . 
  you are right and i do n't think i said something different . 
  sad truth is , i doubt that they are the majority , after the coup more and more turks behave nationalistic , statistics support that they are more prone to violence and bad results in school , so , sadly , i think the turks who assimilate greatly , like your colleagues , are in the minority . 
  good to know that they are ridiculed in turkey , but we are still stuck with these guys , who ca n't behave and force our society further apart . 
  would be great if we could just deport them to your country , but you do n't deserve them either . 
  they like it when it fits their point . 
  keep in mind , i speak about the turks who see every bad thing in the german state , there are some who assimilated , that 's something i expect from all migrants . 
  then there wo n't be clashes or conflicts , the problem is , it wo n't ever happen . 
  they couldn \u00b4 t be a decent ally , as long as the turks living here feel more turkish then german , something that \u00b4 s not going to change in the next decade . 
  their nationalism stops any effort to integrate them into society , so they build their own ones . 
  turks who break out of this are great , but people who still worhsip the country of their grandparents more then their own can \u00b4 t be trusted if it would come to a serious incident . 
  do n't be sad , the sorbs were there first ;-), 
  i 'm not advocating , i 'm saying what can be done , just a stupid answer to a stupid rhetoric question , as if he even wants to find solutions , he just wants to sit around doing nothing , ferrying foreigners to italy . 
  but fine , go ahead . 
  nuke us , it seems we are beyond help . 
  live in bochum , experienced it . 
  it 's just that foreigners ( mostly muslim ) always behave like garbage around here and there are a lot of them , so we got used to it . 
  edit : also , do n't want to trigger you but there was cologne ... 
  police stated it 's not yet certain who threw rocks at the ambulance . 
  you 're so sure about what happened , you do n't even need to look for prove mate . 
  then they can leave . 
  or maybe we should make them do it . 
  if you and your peers remain to behave the way you do right now the streets will be cleaned of terrorists , do n't worry about that . 
  i do n't care for kurdish aspirations or turkish nationalist needs , i do n't want any of your conflicts in my country , as far as i am concerned both of these groups deserve a fast flight home , so that they can bash in their heads there . 
  oh , you get free speech , but if the turks wo n't integrate in the next couple of years i figure they can use their free speech in the country of their dictator . 
  even if they do n't want it that way . 
  no , i direct this at you because you write here in turkish , on a forum were everyone communicates in english , which shows pretty bad taste . 
  oh , i know you 're a kemalist a lot of the hardcore turkish nationalist probably are , too . 
  in total i do n't care what you call yourself , i just care about my country and the state it went into , where our chancellor has to beg the turks for loyalty . 
  and then some have the guts to decline it , because if there is one thing you turks are good at is playing the victim-card and everything we gave to you is quickly forgotten , if `` your '' president calls . 
  to me that is some kind of terrorism or traitorism , too . 
  and also : i would treat all the turks who went to the rally as foreign combatans/spies/traitors , because what they do is support a foreign dictator who spoke out against members of our parliament and denied us constitutional necessities as visiting our army at his nato-used base . 
  to me a turk who supports erdogan is someone who ca n't be trusted and who thinks about us germans as enemies , not as neighbors . 
  and then , i do n't doubt , denieing them some rights is even a pretty harmless action . 
  you got loyalty , you got prosperity , you got friendship but what did you offer ? 
  violence towards natives , bad behaviour , and support for a dictator in the middle of a german city . 
  i 'm not speaking about kicking out all turks , i would like to get rid of all you turks who ca n't integrate/assimilate and still value the country of their grandparents higher then the country that offered them everything . 
  yes , i expected loyalty , but what i expect now is that every turk who does n't want to be german to get out of the country , so that the loyal turks do n't get hold back anymore and can assimilate into our culture , without getting harassed by you grey wolves anymore . 
  why ai n't i surprised that you are able to speak german . 
  with the behavior of you and people like you it wo n't be long till anyone in europe wants to kick you nationalist turks out . 
  fair enough , too many people fear to be called names or put in certain corners and therefore never truly speak their mind . 
  you are just baiting him into saying deport them , so that you can say that that would not be possible to citizens . 
  but open revolt would be possible , terror against the muslim population , attacks , that 's a possibility in europe right now . 
  he says its people , not its citizens , there is a difference to be honest . 
  much like a lot of people became german citizens , but as you saw in cologne , not nearly enough of them are or feel like germans . 
  then go to / r/turkey i 'm not speaking german here either . 
  that 's a reason why i do n't see this succeeding , at least not with germany . 
  we have a huge armed industry who are very good at lobbying/bribing . 
  i doubt that our government would be too keen on just laying them off in favour of a french or italian company . 
  no worries . 
  not really , because i did n't say anything other than that this saying exists in the german language , too . 
  `` ein freund zum pferde stehlen '' is also a german saying , used to describe someone you trust 100 % , who will always stick with you . 
  fuck no , i 'd rather shoot them to the moon then suffer more of merkels incompetence .
