no such thing ? 
  are you serious ? 
  would you rather your country go back 50 years ? 
  back to being poor againn ? 
  / s do n't hurt me . . 
  you forgot this / s, 
  what does using there language have to do with anything ? 
  english is n't our first language by choice anyway . 
  then push to stop wealth inequality instead of voting for far right populists who will only make things worse . 
  ( not implying that you would . 
  im simply speaking in general terms ), 
  oh yeah , becuase the uk is a nation we should look up to . 
  it does n't have to be either of them . 
  an eu security council could be created , made up of military leaders from each nation who would oversee the army . 
  yes but it still isnt effective because our countries all build different ships , fighters , tanks and support vehicles . 
  we also would never be able to agree unanimously on what military action to take if the situation arose . 
  can you not vote at 18 ? 
  yeah but . . famine . 
  the population was already 8 million just as the boom began . 
  it would have been closer to 25 million . 
  it 's not part of the british isles , because it 's not british . 
  just like ireland . 
  irish and british isles . 
  i ca n't take anybody seriously if they say `` southern ireland '' or `` southern irish '' . 
  that 's not a real term for the republic of ireland or her citizens so stop using it . 
  southern ireland ? 
  what the fuck . 
  wine regions of dublin . 
  ftfy . 
  the british army killed and slaughtered catholic protesters who tried to fight for equal rights peacefully and who were n't represented in government at all . 
  the ira used disgusting and often unnecessary methods but you ca n't pretend like they had no reason to exist . 
  the irish catholics in ni did n't have anybody else but the ira claiming to fight for them and they suffered from attacks by similar protestant terror groups and atrocities committed by british soldiers . 
  how is he twisting it ? 
  it was a direct quote . 
  it 's was n't actually . 
  there was a lot of racism and resentment towards the irish immigrants when they arrived in america . 
  jpeg, 
  the fuck you talking about ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  why the hell is n't ours an irish album . 
  it 's mostly the older generations . 
  i do n't know : / i do n't think the older generations here would vote to repeal the 8th and young people do n't really vote here . 
  what point are you trying to make by calling 17-25 year olds uneducated children ? 
  all the english are fucking triggered lol . 
  how about you leave this thread ? 
  way to save your ass . 
  it 's not supposed to be patronising at all . 
  it 's supposed to be motivating . 
  the sanctions have already done significant damage . 
  more sanctions would be immensely effective . 
  the rest of europe is politically volatile and economicly unstable , but these people are fighting a fucking war . 
  they deserve help no matter what . 
  show some respect for the loss of life . 
  yes . 
  hey its me from the future . 
  spoilers : you were wrong . 
  no actually you would n't . 
  but people on this sub just feel that it 's better to mend those cracks in the walls than to fucking bulldoze it . 
  you okay ? 
  not if people keep voting for the same parties over and over everytime they fuck up . 
  hopefully wages will begin to rise again fairly soon . 
  then the recovery can be felt by the people . 
  while i agree with what you said it 's important to note that we wo n't get what we need if people do n't want it . 
  we like you too . 
  you know the vast majority of these attacks are by europeans , right ? 
  i think he means terrorist attacks, 
  how about no ? 
  how is he `` basking in his self-provided glory '' ? 
  and when has he indicated that he has uncovered an unknown truth ? 
  plus , alot of those who are migrating to ireland are irish people returning after they had emigrated during the recession . 
  we 'll agree to disagree on that first bit . 
  and yeah . . 
  i hope things work out for your country . 
  there is no `` normal '' population growth . 
  i 'm just stating that the netherlands population growth in recent history has been quite far from insane . 
  the population density though , is another matter . 
  but there are still effective ways to deal with population growth in densely populated cities . 
  btw i 'm not trying to imply that this level of growth is sustainable for the future , as it most likely wo n't be . . 
  you say that as if those population statistics are crazy . . they really are n't . 
  40 % growth over 54 years is perfectly fine as long as you 've got a competent government . 
  eh , alot of older irish garda officers tend to have beer bellies . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand, 
  but you claimed that the 80s was when europe was full of independent nations . 
  which is simply false . 
  the 80s ? 
  cough cough the soviet union, 
  the vast majority of them are n't belgians ... 
  relax there . 
  you 're literally advocating for mass slaughter . 
  yes that 's why the said the `` island '' , 
  i really , really hope we do . 
  but the older generations are still blindly against it . 
  including my fuckin mother . 
  she wo n't listen to reason whatsoever and refuses to discuss it further with me . 
  for comparison , there 's about 12,000 irish in germany, 
  exactly . 
  showering those kinds of differences with attention tends to just create unnecessary drama , which simply caters to the `` social justice warrior '' minorities . 
  i hope you enjoy your time in ireland , 
  reminds me of how our new prime minister is treated .
