  it 's interesting to see how close to a mirror image the final results in norway and sweden were , because i have heard the argument that the norwegian results showed a clear will against joining while the swedish results showed at best lukewarm support , and i 'm quite certain the opposite argument has also been made by those in favor . 
  either both votes were close or both votes were decisive ... 
  not one of the poorest , no . 
  but the wealth was spread much less evenly in 1938 than it is today , so the average person certainly did n't feel as wealthy as this map might imply . 
  you wan na die , do it on your own roads . 
  you want terrified facial expressions , watch for right-hand drive vehicles on norwegian mountain roads . 
  extra points if they 're towing a camping trailer . 
  new jersey . 
  if you 're not banning people from new jersey , then what 's the point of having a travel ban ? 
  seriously . 
  a while back , a group of people were caught breaking into houses in oslo . 
  they had identification on them that identified them as romanian citizens , so the news media described them as romanian citizens . 
  the romanian embassy in oslo made a statement , saying the criminals were roma and asking that roma always be described as roma . 
  earlier there had been a group caught in similar criminal actions whose id papers said they were latvian citizens . 
  so they were described as latvian citizens . 
  if it had turned out they were ethnic russians , would n't it have been odd if the latvian embassy had insisted they be identified as russians ? 
  [ link to an update ( in norwegian ) . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39486617 ) oslo police have now said that the device was a container of lighter fluid with some nails on the outside for shrapnel . 
  in the norwegian accounts , it 's a bit clearer . 
  the device was small and the police believe it would n't have killed anyone unless they were very unlucky . 
  the police are n't sure if he thought it * was * large enough to kill people and intended for that sort of attack , or if he just wanted to frighten people . 
  or maybe it was a practice bomb for a larger attack . 
  just scaring people does n't count as a terrorist attack under norwegian law , and the practice bomb idea is something of a grey area , although both are clearly crimes according to other laws . 
  the area where the bomb was found is a mixed neighborhood . 
  something over 1/3 of the population is immigrants and their children ; the rest are older , working-class , ethnic norwegians who have lived there all their lives , and younger ethnic norwegians who want to live centrally and like that it 's somewhat cheaper there than in the trendier east-end neighborhoods . 
  it 's not exactly the obvious place for a terrorist attack , particularly on a saturday night during the schools ' easter break ( edit : and particularly if your goal is specifically to kill norwegians ) . 
  but as i 've said before , i 'm open to the possibility that this guy is just unusually stupid . 
  well , the last time a `` bomb-like device '' was found in oslo , it turned out to be [ a university security guard ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/osloby/security-guard-admits-shooting-and-placing-a-fake-bomb-at-the-university-of-oslo-32287b.html ) who apparently wanted to be a hero ... so ... given that it 's likely to be inspired by friday 's attack in stockholm , nothing would surprise me at this point . 
  the norwegian middle school ( 8th , 9th , and 10th grades ) social studies curriculum is set up so that they go through the cycle of history once . 
  tenth grade is modern history , from the end of world war ii to the present day . 
  so we 're supposed to have time for demography , a discussion of why some countries are wealthy and others are poor , some basic economics , human rights , and a discussion of sexuality . 
  supposed to . 
  we 've reached the time of year when we 're deciding that they had essentially the same material about human rights in eighth grade and again in ninth grade , and they had the stuff about sexuality with the school nurse in science class and anyway that 's never on the exam , so ... 
  the end of tenth grade tends to leave some flotsam and jetsam in the sea of the national curriculum . 
  but dang it , we learned those demographic stages , and we learned 'em right !, 
  happens to be fresh in my mind because i 'm teaching 10th grade social studies this year and we did demography and population growth in february . 
  our textbooks do n't mention stage 5 , but the online teachers ' resources do . 
  both mention stage 3 , although they do n't spend too much time on it . 
  [ theory of demographic transition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_transition ) short version : when countries become relatively wealthy , and life expectancy rises while infant and child mortality falls , people start to choose to have fewer children . 
  rather than having seven or eight in the hopes that a few will survive , they choose to have just one or two so they can give those children a good childhood . 
  this broadly happens consistently across cultures , although culture and government policies can make some small differences in the number of children . 
  ( many believe , for instance , that the nordic countries have a somewhat higher fertility rate than some mediterranean countries because of affordable child care and universal child benefit payments . ), 
  the question is what happens in stage 5 , if there is a stage 5 . 
  the stereotype in norway is that very wealthy families have four kids as a status symbol - to show that they can afford to have four kids dressed in designer clothes loading their brand-new high-end sports gear into the mercedes - while in japan the birth rate is falling every year . 
  which will be the norm ? 
  oslo , with bonus suburban rail train : https://i.redd.it/iapa9d2hygpy.jpg, 
  `` i 'm taller than you ! '', 
  `` only because your tracks are higher . '', 
  `` you 're just jealous ! '', 
  `` jealous ? 
  these are my tracks . 
  you just run on them . '', 
  i do n't think that 's furniture . 
  i think that 's frozen chicken , booze , and cigarettes . 
  ... which in turn is probably due to that santa claus racket they 've got going . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  it makes me want to pat liechtenstein on its pointy little head . 
  i looked at some of the other places on reddit that had linked to this video - did you know there 's an entire subreddit for sea shanties ? 
  because i sure did n't - and someone suggested `` we 're bound for good old norway '' . 
  i think that might be it . 
  ( `` south '' of norway would be odd , since bergen does n't consider itself to be in southern norway , but western . 
  and it 's definitely not `` west of norway '' or `` bergen , norway '' . ), 
  thanks !, 
  for anybody who might be wondering : this is , as the title says , the statsraad lehmkuhl , one of three norwegian tall ships , returning to her home port of bergen . 
  the other two are the s\u00f8rlandet , based in kristiansand , and the christian radich , based in oslo . 
  all three are owned by private foundations which lease out the ships for a variety of purposes . 
  the royal norwegian navy regularly uses them for training in basic seamanship and leadership skills . 
  i would love to know the name of the shanty they 're singing , by the way . 
  it sounds a bit like the english shanty `` south australia '' , but the lyrics are n't quite right - and yet i 'd swear they 're singing in english , not norwegian . 
   denmark just has alcoholism and bacon left . 
  to be fair , it 's damn fine bacon . 
  it looks like some of you are dreaming of hiking to this place !, 
  we know this , because every time a photo gets posted on the interwebs , somebody gets that idea !, 
  just please , please , please , listen to what [ these nice people ] ( https://english.dnt.no/need-to-know/ ) have to tell you . 
  it 's no fun when the mountain rescue folks have to head up to save somebody who tried to climb in sandals and light summer clothes , or who did n't think to bring water let alone food for the hike . 
  it 's a full day 's hike , and there are no services , repeat none , on the trails . 
  there 's not much of a secret . 
  i married a norwegian . 
  also , it was easier in the '90s . 
  i 've lived in norway for over 20 years now ( i 'm from the states ) , and i promise you , if something like duolingo had existed when i came here , i would have been using it * every damn day * . 
  learning a new language as an adult is tough , and you need to use every tool you can lay hands on . 
   i thought the difference would be bigger norway/sweden . 
  sweden 's referendum approved eu membership by a narrow margin , and norway 's came down against eu membership by a similarly narrow margin . 
  it does n't have to be less crowdy for the night skies to get better , we just have to get smarter about light pollution . 
  i live in greater oslo , and i swear , people here seem to have as a goal to banish the night . 
  [ these folks ] ( http://darksky.org/ ) have some ideas about reducing light pollution , and the black plague is fortunately not involved . 
  shall we talk about verb forms next ? 
  it 's a complicated story , but the tl ; dr version is that bad things happen when nobody dares to say no to the guy in charge . 
  and please stick around for a while . 
  we need you . 
  [ awwwwwww yeeeeeaaaaaah !, 
  ] ( http://static4.fjcdn.com/comments/3721120+_7c309ee85f85ffd4a4f22cd3bc1be40f.jpg ), 
  yes but picking on the swedes is the danes ' job . 
  and us norwegians ' . 
  and the finns ' . 
  maybe throw in the icelanders for good measure . 
  but when other people start doing it , * it 's just not right !, 
  right - and any of the nordic countries would be too small to see if you overlaid them with new york city , for instance . 
  ( hey !, 
  we could make sweden disappear ! ),
