   although i heard that the most notorious offender in the uk is dowod osobisty ... 
  i thought his name was prawo jazdy ? 
  i 'd argue breivik is none too bright , either . 
  the main difference is he invested a frightening amount of time and energy into planning his attacks . 
  damn kids today , always in a hurry . 
  no pride in their work ... 
  isis is steadily losing on the battlefield . 
  they 're doing everything they can to get sympathizers to attack in europe . 
  small , improvised attacks are cheap and simple to set up and tricky to defend against . 
  so that was you !, 
  fortunately we were behind you , not in front of you . 
  we had fun noticing how often your brake lights went on . 
  let 's give this a try : the `` other one '' is the late french president francois mitterand . 
  they were attending a ceremony to commemorate the battle of verdun in the first world war , a battle in which french troops were fighting german troops with an enormous loss of life on both sides . 
  they were standing so far apart because the people who staged the ceremony had always had the french and german leader standing at approximately those places , on either side of a monument that can not be seen in this photo . 
  mitterand and kohl were friends , and more than that believed that europe 's future depended on reconciliation and friendship between their countries . 
  so when the french national anthem began to play , they reached out and held hands , and continued to hold them until both anthems were finished . 
  reconciliation and strengthening relations between european countries were important goals of kohl 's political career , so a photo of him showing his friendship with his most important ally in these goals represents what many remember best about the man far better than a photo of kohl alone , in any situation , would do . 
  images of that event still make me a little sniffly . 
  kohl became chancellor at just about the time i started becoming interested in the wider world . 
  my mental image of europe in the 1980s is one of kohl and mitterand standing side by side , with thatcher a short distance away , keeping a wary and skeptical eye on the two of them . 
  i thought it was the norwegian flag , too , and i was thinking , hooray !, 
  we get our very own syden to go drink too much and get sunburned in !, 
  disappointed !, 
  not everyone is banned from having kids . 
  there are some families with children living in the vatican . 
  swiss guards are allowed to marry under some circumstances , and the vatican also has institutions like its bank and postal service where not all employees are priests or nuns . 
  ( eta : the children are vatican citizens , but only as long as one parent works for vatican city . ), 
  in fact , one of the oddest crimes in vatican history involved [ the disappearance of the teenaged daughter of a vatican bank employee ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disappearance_of_emanuela_orlandi ) . 
  ooh , there 's another thing i know about the vatican : it has one of the highest per capita crime rates in the world . 
  most of the time , neither the criminal nor the victim is a resident of vatican city - the victim is a tourist in st peter 's square , and the criminal is a pickpocket or purse snatcher taking advantage of the masses of distracted people oohing and aahing at all the pretty buildings . 
  yes . 
  oh hell yes . 
  one fine summer day in finnmark i was outdoors wearing a heavy wool sweater , because this was finnmark after all . 
  when i came indoors i noticed i had several mosquito bites underneath the sweater . 
  the question i have never dared to ask is this : were the bugs large enough to bite me through the sweater ... or smart enough to crawl under it ? 
  either way , i 'm scared . 
   are there polar bears in norway ? 
  seriously , finland , we expect better questions from you . 
   bonus norway : `` does norway have bears ? 
  does norway have snakes ? '', 
  the answer to both questions is yes , but do n't worry about it . 
  unless you go to svalbard . 
  worry about those bears . 
  on the other hand , svalbard is 100 % snake-free . 
  you ca n't prevent an earthquake , but you can construct and retrofit buildings and other infrastructure to minimize the death toll . 
  few people die directly from an earthquake , they die from being crushed when something falls on them , or from fires that are started by broken gas mains and other damaged infrastructure . 
  sure you do , but it helps to have someone like slartibartfast doing the work . 
  rarely , i 'll grant you , but i have seen it . 
  rarely , in a professional context . 
  she does n't have the easiest shape to fit and she does n't seem very interested in clothes , so she 's found what works for her and sticks with it . 
  solid colored jacket or blazer , chosen from a relatively small range of shapes , usually paired with black slacks or a black skirt . 
  she can vary the color on top to suit the occasion or her mood , and yet still be instantly recognizable wherever she goes . 
  her male peers , of course , are pretty much always in a gray , black , or blue suit ... but we 're so used to that , that no one says anything . 
  ... so the us gets special privileges at everyone else 's expense . 
  good luck with that one . 
  nobody 's interested . 
  when the netherlands participate in an international sporting event , their uniforms are usually orange . 
  when italy participates , their uniforms are usually blue . 
  since national sports kits are usually based on the colors of the flag , these choices stand out as unusual . 
  but there are ( reasonably ) logical explanations for both . 
  yup . 
  we were all a bit stupider in 1981 . 
  although to be fair , the artwork and all personal items had been removed before this picture was taken . 
  this is what it would look like when a new pm moved in , except that in that case i hope someone would remember to vacuum the rug . 
  * every * office in norway looks like a page out of a kinnarps catalog . 
  you won that war . 
  pretty sure that if you want to know what the temporary office of norway 's prime minister looks like , you just need to switch out the artwork and maybe move the window to a different wall . 
  back during gro harlem brundtland 's first term as norway 's prime minister , her husband , arne olav brundtland , received a letter from the office of us first lady nancy reagan . 
  mrs reagan was starting up her just say no to drugs campaign and was trying to enlist the spouses of leaders of allied nations . 
  when he opened the letter , he found it was addressed to `` my dear fellow first lady '' . 
  he politely declined to participate , but he kept the letter . 
  ingrid schulerud , who is identified as being from norway , is the wife of jens stoltenberg , the secretary general of nato . 
  he * was * the prime minister of norway . 
  she 's also norway 's ambassador to belgium , so she was kind of in the neighborhood , i suppose . 
  she 's the one in the blue dress . 
  norway 's current prime minister is erna solberg . 
  as far as i can tell , her husband did not attend this conference with her . 
  and daly continued insisting for years that the protesters were unarmed and were not doing anything that could reasonably be considered threatening to the armed soldiers . 
  it took the official reports until * 2010 * to admit that he had been telling the truth all along . 
  only when they 're wet . 
  admittedly they 're always wet . 
  congratulations , sweden !, 
  ( we 're still going to kick your butt at anything involving skis , though . ), 
  on the bright side ... good skiing conditions . 
   of course in such a case one would use special formula after consulting a doctor exactly - there are soy-based formulas available which are vegan and , since they contain neither grain nor milk , are also gluten-free and lactose-free . 
  in the unlikely event that the baby was lactose intolerant , that would have been by far the best choice . 
  very very few newborns are truly lactose intolerant . 
  emergency back-up norwegians . 
   germany just sends a pretty girl with a 08/15 pop song to esc it 's psychology , you know . 
  germany has won twice , both times with a pretty young girl singing a sweet pop song . 
  b.f. skinner 's theory of operant conditioning teaches that when a behavior is reinforced - in this case , positively reinforced by being rewarded with a win - the likelihood that the subject will repeat the behavior increases . 
  not only that , but further studies have shown that the strongest form of reinforcement occurs when the subject can not predict the intervals between reinforcement , such as when the rat does n't know how many times it will need to press the lever before the treat is released , or when the national broadcaster does not know how many times the pretty girl needs to sing the sweet pop song before the trophy appears . 
  so germany 's insistence on sending a similar act every single year is not mysterious , but in fact reveals deep truths about human psychology . 
  tl ; dr version : germany is just a rat in a skinner box . 
  well , for me , i love visiting cities , and the two things i love best about cities are a ) history and b ) street food . 
  so athens was * amazing * . 
  well ... there 's no place that 's * expensive * compared to norway ... 
  seriously . 
  when we were in greece , we kept double-checking the prices because they did n't make sense .
