  no discussion of funny danish town names can be complete without bindeballe . 
  come on , it 's just fun to say . 
  aw , man , poor little albania ... 
  is this the swedish government ministers ' be stupid week or something ... ? 
   not exactly surprising given that the risk of crashing with someone else is pretty much non-existent on 90 % of your roads - there simply is n't anybody else . 
  true , but crashing into a wall of solid granite or plunging off the road into the ravine/valley/fjord below can also be rather fatal . 
  i still think they taste slightly different , however , and prefer freia . 
  if i could only eat one chocolate for the rest of my life , it would be freia melkesjokolade . 
  \u00d8degaard , also sometimes spelled \u00d8deg\u00e5rd . 
  it means `` abandoned farm '' . 
  most norwegian surnames that do n't end in - sen come from the name of the farm the family lived on when they switched from patronymic to surname . 
  now some of those farms had been abandoned in the past when no one was left to farm them - the black death being the big obvious cause , but there were other population crashes that resulted in farms being abandoned . 
  later , when the population began to recover , people took over the abandoned farms again , but some of them were still called the abandoned farm long after a new family settled there . 
  and so some families ended up with the name \u00d8degaard . 
  the list i checked claimed it 's the 88th most common surname in norway - so neither terribly common nor rare . 
  seriously . 
  is there a reason so few connections to spanish cities have been built , or is it just a matter of lack of demand ? 
  looks like a giant sundial to me . 
  so , what happened ? 
  you saved up all the inclines from the rest of the country and put it on that one road ... ? 
  in some ways i 'm sad when i look at this map , because i love the night sky and i see light pollution . 
  ( i live in greater oslo , which has terrible light pollution . ), 
  but in other ways -- well , many of the areas that light up the most were among the poorest parts of the continent in 1992 . 
  that light is people 's standard of living improving , it 's life going from hard to better and even good . 
  so in other ways this gif makes me happy . 
  i 'm confused . 
  so you get access to the oil and the fjords , and we get someone to make the coffee ? 
  i 'm afraid you 're going to need to sweeten the deal a little bit . 
  that ca n't be amsterdam . 
  the railing goes on for entire * meters * without a single bike chained to it . 
  norway has two brother nations . 
  sweden is the brother we have the rivalry with , squabble with , and insist on viewing everything as a competition with . 
  denmark is the brother we drop in on from time to time and drink all his beer . 
  a mismatched couple that fought a whole lot , maybe ? 
  it was never common in norway to swim or sunbathe nude on a public beach or at a public pool , unless it 's a designated nude beach or the swimmer is a small child . 
  it is true that in the '80s and the very early '90s , it was much more common for women to swim and sunbathe without covering their breasts . 
  but that was already falling out of favor already when i moved here 25 years ago . 
  why the change ? 
  who knows ? 
  fashions change , things go in and out of style . 
  one possible reason is that ever cheaper flights and package trips were making it possible for more and more ordinary folks to take a vacation to a warmer coastal town in southern europe somewhere ... and that there , on beaches crowded with tourists from countries where topless sunbathing was not the done thing ( hi , britain !, 
  ) , they put on the bikini top , too . 
  and now ... well , i work with teenagers . 
  cell phone cameras are making every issue teen girls usually have with their bodies just a bit worse . 
  forget topless sunbathing , they 're worried about being secretly photographed when changing for gym class . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  wo n't * someone * think of the alcoholics ? 
  the norwegian embassy in washington , dc , sponsors a tree in that city 's union station every year . 
  i 'm sure it 's cut somewhere in the us , though . 
  shipping a tree across the north sea and having it come through looking like a christmas tree should is hard enough . 
  shipping it across the atlantic would be insane . 
   after numeral incidents the milk cartons in belgium now say `` open at home '' instead of `` open here '' you know what it says on the bottom of a swedish milk carton ? 
  `` open other end '' . 
  norway has three basic traditions when it comes to christmas ( eve ) dinner : pig , sheep , and fish . 
  the pig tradition is the most common . 
  it comes from the southeast ( the most populous region ) and central norway . 
  the most common food in this tradition is ribbe , pork belly ribs , eaten with the crackling on and often served with pork sausages and pork meatballs in addition . 
  boiled potatoes , brown pork gravy , and pickled red cabbage are common side dishes . 
  the sheep tradition comes from the west . 
  it 's been gaining in popularity in recent years . 
  the most common dish is pinnekj\u00f8tt , dried/cured mutton ribs , sometimes smoked . 
  these are often served with potatoes and mashed rutabaga . 
  the fish tradition comes mostly from the north . 
  you 've probably heard of lutefisk , but although it 's common to eat that around christmastime , not many people have it on christmas eve . 
  the main dish instead is usually poached cod , the fresher the better , served with melted butter and , once again , boiled potatoes . 
  these days , no matter where you are in norway , you can find people who follow one of these traditions . 
  sometimes it 's because that 's where they or their grandparents are from , sometimes just because they like one food better than another . 
  it 's also not uncommon to have , say , ribbe for christmas eve dinner , but pinnekj\u00f8tt the sunday before or after . 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm an american resident of norway . 
  i did n't grow up with this . 
  i 'm sure i 've made some errors . 
  native norskies , please correct them . ), 
  nine others have been injured , four seriously enough that they will need to be evacuated to the mainland , as the small hospital in longyearbyen is not equipped to treat them . 
  ten houses have been badly damaged or destroyed . 
  longyearbyen is the largest settlement on svalbard , with a population of around 2000 . 
  okay , you see that long dark blue patch in norway ? 
  right . 
  the bottom 2/3 of that , at least , is nothing but mountains . 
  some of it is bare rock . 
  some of it is at a 70 degree angle . 
  some of it is both . 
  there are some towns , in the valleys , where things can actually grow and people can actually build houses , but most of that area is uninhabited because it is uninhabitable . 
  the only norwegian city marked on the map , bergen , is the second-largest city in the country . 
  it has a 33 % chance of a white christmas , and from what i know of bergen , they 're probably counting any amount of snow or slush to get to that number . 
  the capital and largest city , oslo , is just inside the 50-99 % band and has a slightly better than even chance of a white christmas . 
  all of the reasonably-sized cities of norway , with the single exception of troms\u00f8 , are in similar climates . 
  i live just outside of oslo . 
  yesterday , december 5th , i walked around a christmas market in the city , which uses the title `` jul i vinterland '' , `` christmas in winterland '' . 
  i was wearing a fleece jacket and did n't even need to zip it up . 
  there is a certain amount of irony to this . 
  finland , estonia , and russia are all more likely to have a white christmas where people actually live , according to this map . 
  how do people this clueless manage to buy plane tickets ? 
  there are several good candidates , but i propose [ fridtjof nansen . 
  ... except now it 's beautiful with electricity , insulated houses , running water and proper sanitation . 
  for which i am grateful . 
  outwards . 
  norway was one of the first countries to require doors in public buildings to open outwards due to [ a deadly church fire in 1822 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grue_church_fire ) nearly all private buildings follow suit . 
  most private homes , at least if the entrance door opens to the outside ( so not necessarily including those apartment blocks where the entrance doors to the apartments open to an interior hallway ) have an entryway where you can leave your shoes and outer clothes , with a separate door before you enter the main living quarters . 
  this acts as an airlock of sorts , preventing heated air from getting out in the cold months .
