  who designed those base paths and what had he been drinking ? 
  the proposed car-free area is quite small , and most of the city 's hotels are outside the area . 
  the hotels inside the boundary will likely work out contracts with parking garages outside the area for their guests . 
  and he looks like he 's wondering : `` how come i 'm the only one wearing a cape ? '', 
  okay , good point . 
  i 'm impressed by the dedication it took to find such a similar jacket . 
  how long do you think he trawled the second hand stores to find one ? 
  at this point , if he tried to wipe the grime off , the whole thing would probably fall apart . 
  it would be interesting to see how different the pollution levels in oslo are in the winter versus the summer . 
  in the summer , the air tends to be quite clear , but in the winter the city gets thermal inversions that trap particle pollution , and the norwegian fondness for lighting wood fires when it gets chilly certainly does n't make things better . 
   until a 2015 there was also a skill based coin game where you flick a coin from the side of the machine and try to hit slots . 
  they used to be really common in norway , too , and then it was like one day they all disappeared . 
  i wonder what happened . 
  that was a fun game ( even though i sucked at it ) . 
  could we somehow just discourage the idiots ? 
  you know , the ones who decide to set off on a mountain hike wearing sandals and shorts and carrying nothing but some chocolate and a banana ? 
  for extra fun , be the only member of your household who grew up in a different country . 
  take them to visit your country of origin . 
  listen to them whine and complain to you - and only to you , because of course they are gracious to your hosts , but you do n't count - about how funny the bread tastes . 
  also the water . 
  also the milk . 
  also the chocolate . 
  also , come to think of it , the chocolate milk . 
  sweden is very easy to explain . 
  they had `` miljonprogrammet '' , a plan to relieve a chronic housing shortage in one big push by building a million new homes - for a population of about eight million . 
  they did n't make it to a million , but the total number of homes was well into the hundreds of thousands , and most were built in the second half of the 1960s . 
  norway was n't as organized about it and got off to a later start , so the largest single group of homes was built in the 1970s and into the 1980s . 
  this is what happens when you chop down all the trees . 
  true , but in oslo for instance you will hear complaints that too many cases are dropped without finding out who committed the crime . 
  the problem in norway is n't that people believe the police to be * corrupt * , it 's that they believe them to be * incompetent * . 
   would you be ok some significant population of swedish women being for some patriarchal nonsense and applying some oppressive rule of christianity as a stable norm and rule to their social life and take this as a social role ? 
  or renting places and making this norm a rule even ? 
  hmm . 
  the [ brunstad christian church ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brunstad_christian_church ) ( still popularly known as `` smiths venner '' / `` smith 's friends '' ) are quite patriarchal , allow a very conservative interpretation of christianity to rule their social life , and have constructed a conference center/resort where most of them spend their vacation time . 
  the more conservative [ l\u00e6stadian sects ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laestadianism ) are similar except without the conference center . 
  a big part of the problem is that the most radical imam out there is mullah google . 
  his mosque is everywhere and it 's always open . 
  electric cars can be parked for free * in public parking lots * anywhere in norway . 
  in privately owned parking lots , they get fleeced with the rest of us . 
  i was surprised , because i was sure purple heather was norway 's national flower . 
  it turns out we have two , purple heather * and * the saxifrage mentioned on this list . 
  because if it 's worth having one of something , it 's worth having two , i guess . 
  we 're number one !, 
  we 're number one !, 
  i did n't say the norwegian court did n't consider him a terrorist . 
  i said that much of the media did n't , at least outside of norway . 
  not really . 
  he was found to be sane and sentenced to 21 years `` forvaring '' , which means he can be held as long as the courts believe he remains a danger to society , but they have to start hearings no later than 21 years after the trial . 
  so it functions as a life sentence with mandatory parole hearings after 21 years . 
  the prosecution wanted to have him declared mentally ill , possibly because it is slightly easier to hold someone indefinitely in that situation , but it is n't impossible either way . 
  the defense argued he is and was sane . 
  it was a very odd trial . 
  a lot of them would n't call anders behring breivik a terrorist either , and he had a manifesto and everything . 
  oh , he definitely went there because of the labor party camp . 
  but he was attacking potential future politicians , not the children of current politicians . 
  that 's a misunderstanding . 
  they were members of the youth organization of the norwegian labor party . 
  the organization is open to anyone in the right age group , and few if any of the victims were the children of politicians . 
  ... with a dead body on it at a particularly strategic point ? 
  not really . 
  the first team of psychologists to interview abb after the attack claimed he had paranoid schizophrenia , but there were a number of problems with their report . 
  the court appointed another team of psychologists , who said he had narcissistic personality disorder and possibly other personality disorders , but he was and is sane . 
  the court 's final ruling on the matter largely agreed with the second report . 
  a personality disorder is n't madness , either in the legal or the popular sense of the term . 
  he freely choose to do what he did , and to me , that 's a lot scarier than thinking the voices in his head made him do it . 
  yes . 
  the river , of course , parted , to make sure there was a dry place for the zlatan 's birth . 
  but we also buy from denmark among other countries during those times in the winter when hydro does n't meet demand , as most of our homes and businesses have electric heating . 
  we do need to increase our capacity to generate electricity , and that even without considering how many electric cars will be added . 
  yes , and ica ( which is swedish ) pulled out of norway . 
  rimi , which was originally norwegian and then got bought by ica , once had stores all over the place in norway . 
  and now , they 're all gone . 
  it 's a bit strange , especially seeing that the name is spreading in other countries . 
  incidentally , it appears rimi in its new markets is also different than it was here . 
  here , it tried to promote itself as a low-price , low-frills chain . 
  the photos i 'm seeing of rimi stores in other countries make it look more like a full-service food store - delicatessen counters and so on . 
  so that 's what they did with all the rimi stores that closed down . 
  they just exported them . 
  there are no laws against `` religious indoctrination '' in norway . 
  there _ are _ laws against underage marriage . 
  would you like to try to erect another strawman ? 
  in addition to what 's already been said , remember that this is mostly for freight trains ( although passenger trains will also use it ) . 
  this will get freight off switzerland 's road network and onto the rails . 
  some of the trains will be `` rolling highways '' , where trucks are driven onto the trains at one end and driven off at the other . 
  the swiss would certainly have calculated the value of reduced congestion , reduced pollution , and reduced wear and tear on their highways . 
  i was at a waterpark in the canary islands once , and this is ... startlingly accurate . 
  seriously , all the british people were bright red , and all the bright red people were british . 
  ( meanwhile , their neighbors the irish were apparently using spf 1500 sunblock . ), 
  norwegians are the ones drinking heavily and pretending to be swedes . 
  ( swedes are , of course , the ones drinking heavily and pretending to be norwegians . ), 
  norway 's * royal * anthem is set to the same melody as the uk 's national anthem . 
  norway 's * national * anthem is set to a completely different melody . 
  the royal anthem is played/sung sometimes when the king is present , and everybody at first pretends to know the words and then , rapidly , discovers they also have to pretend to know the tune . 
  every norwegian on the other hand knows the tune to the national anthem , since it is played so often at international winter sports events . 
  and the source for the claim that the word bomb was mentioned is some unidentified `` other passengers '' . 
  the police are calling it a `` misunderstanding '' . 
  b\u00e6rum gets mentioned in / r/europe !!!, 
  b\u00c6rum represent !, 
  woot !!!!, 
  * ahem * right .
