  same way they handle driving in norway , i guess : badly . 
  seriously , dutchies , we love you and all , but you make us nervous . 
  think about this , okay ? 
  when you look at a map and you see a road that looks like a piece of wet spaghetti that somebody tried to push from one end ... you should maybe not try to drive a camping trailer on that road . 
  or as i like to think of it , spain 's our god can beat up your god phase . 
  perfect description . 
  about 2/3 of the land area of norway is either too high or too rocky or too steep for much of anything to grow . 
  ( remember that this far north the treeline is at a lower altitude than it would be in , say , italy . ), 
  a few hardy trees may find a place to take root , but not an entire forest . 
  wait a minute , are n't you supposed to be making the coffee now ? 
  and those `` thermal plants '' usually mean power generated from trash incineration . 
  not the greenest method out there , but if you 're going to burn it anyway , you might as well use the heat for something constructive . 
  i used to live in a housing co-op that got its heat and hot water from the city incinerator . 
  there were other things i disliked about that place but endless hot water for practically nothing sure was nice . 
  right there with you . 
   they must be having a fucking blast while on holiday though . 
  i remember walking around athens with the feeling that i was being undercharged for everything , for reasons i could not understand ... 
  no , which is one of the reasons this decision is unpopular . 
  no it is n't it 's awesome, 
  til finnish moose are homicidal . 
  [ and norway . 
  ] ( http://www.dagbladet.no/kjendis/dronning-sonja-droppet-gudstjeneste-pa-grunn-av-sykdom/66572851 ) though , honestly , half of the country has been coughing and sniffling the last couple of weeks . 
  it does n't seem too odd that somebody in the royal family is feeling under the weather . 
  or the new layout in miniatur wunderland . 
  the landscapes are still there . 
  they 're easier to get to now , as well . 
  what 's changed is that people are n't half-killing themselves trying to scratch a living from land that does n't want to be farmed . 
  the reason for giving the tree specifically to washington , dc , is because while norway was occupied , the crown princess and the three royal children stayed in dc at the invitation of fdr . 
  so , you know , thanks for keeping the kids safe !, 
  one of those kids is now king harald v. 
  the church of norway ( which is lutheran ) has been caught at least three times with extremely messy registry lists . 
  people who were members were not on the lists , and people who were not members were - more of the latter than the former . 
  all three times they offered people the chance to fix this , but some people found the vey same error had been made the next time someone noticed the problem . 
  now , that does n't change the amount of funding they get , which is fixed for the church of norway only , so maybe that 's why it did n't get international attention - that , and the fact that the roman catholic church is so very much larger and so much more in the public eye . 
  but even if it does n't affect their funding , the number of registered members of the con does have some effect on how much political power they can claim . 
  there 's an even deeper problem here , with each church or other religious organization having an incentive to cheat , and the state finding it easier to just accept the claims of the beneficiaries rather than check them out ... until somebody cries foul loud enough that they ca n't be ignored . 
  some kind of oversight would be really useful here , or this * will * happen again . 
  tl ; dr version : yup , the catholic church cheated . 
  no , they 're not alone . 
  the way the system is set up , it 's tempting and easy to cheat , and hard to get caught . 
  and if you think about the sort of thing people rent chairs for - big parties like weddings , or big ceremonies that only happen once every few years - then it makes sense . 
  you 're saying something is out of the ordinary . 
  as far as i can remember , yes . 
  it was an old textbook . 
  in norway at least , pupils choose their second foreign language ( english is the mandatory first foreign language ) at the end of seventh grade , when they are 12 or 13 . 
  most schools , at least those large enough to be able to do so , offer german , french , and spanish . 
  as you can guess , at that age , many pupils are thinking of what language sounds exotic and exciting ( you know , like spanish , the language of vacations in the warmth and sunshine ) and what language sounds stodgy and old-fashioned - not to mention which language their friends will be taking . 
  the result is that norwegian businesses are complaining of a shortage of workers with competency in french and german - particularly german . 
  on the other hand , if you 're a qualified spanish teacher , times are good ... 
  you know , stuff you can always use ... 
  part of the problem with communication on the ` net is that without tone of voice and body language , it can be impossible to know if someone does n't know something that is widely , but not universally , known , or if that person is joking . 
  so at the risk of being whooshed ... the palace on the hill opposite looks middle eastern because it ( mostly ) follows that tradition . 
  this is the alhambra , ( mostly ) built by the moors who rules spain for centuries ; granada was their last stand before spain was reunified under spanish rule . 
  and it is a gorgeous sight . 
  i say mostly because carlos v built a palace in european style on the same grounds - which is clearly visible in this photo . 
  i do n't get into oslo as often as i wish i did , but i 've seriously only once seen a woman wearing a niqab in the city ... and she was holding hands with a man ( i 'm guessing her husband ) who was carrying a lonely planet guide book . 
  on the other hand , a used snus portion dropped in the wrong place is more disgusting than a cigarette filter dropped in the wrong place ... 
  source : high school teacher who has seen snus portions left on desks , * under * desks , on the floor , stuck to walls ... 
  apparently , finland had an earthquake so bad it nearly disappeared from the map ... or something . 
  see , i 'm just thinking , thank god it 's not trolltunga or preikestolen ... 
  the british royals have a habit of dressing the children in formal , old-fashioned clothing when they 're with their parents on official representation . 
  partly it 's protocol , partly it 's to emphasize the history and tradition of the monarchy , and partly it 's so the press gets used to seeing them dressed like that and does n't notice so easily when they 're out dressed like ordinary modern children . 
  short trousers [ used to be normal for little boys in britain , particularly for the upper classes , ] ( http://www.harpersbazaar.co.uk/culture/culture-news/news/a38178/why-prince-george-is-always-wearing-shorts/ ) so young prince george wears short trousers when he 's accompanying his parents on official business . 
  needs more jars . 
  no parc asterix ? 
  so ... what are they going to do ? 
  just lay a big beach towel over the whole country ? 
  no , it 's [ karlsson p\u00e5 taket ] ( http://dizw242ufxqut.cloudfront.net/images/product/000/559/559345.jpg ) . 
  to be fair , you do have two things where planes can land and take off . 
  i 've only been to tegel , which actually resembles an airport . 
  i was lucky enough to see it in person . 
  this is one of those artworks whose size is part of the message , i think . 
  it is not a beautiful painting . 
  it is a powerful painting . 
  it was painted as propaganda : * this is what franco and his allies are doing to spain !, 
  * franco is gone now and spain is at peace , so the message has changed : * this is what war is . 
  * monstrosity and chaos is exactly the point . 
  when i saw it , the room was full of people - and dead quiet . 
  it is an eerie painting , and there is n't much to talk about . 
  earlier reports said henderson was trying to get a photo with a waitress , maybe behaving inappropriately . 
  then witnesses said they did n't see any of that , and that it all came down to sitting down at or putting drinks down on a table where they were n't welcome . 
  nothing has come up that would make killing a man ( or beating him senseless and leaving him for dead ) seem like a reasonable solution . 
  for starters , they 're ten meters high , so let 's assume the full swords would have to be at least 11 to 12 meters long . 
  the average sword is less than a meter long , so you 'd have to be at least twelve times the height of the average adult man ... 
  yup , was coming here to say this . 
  only four people have received two nobel prizes , and marie curie was the only one to get hers in two different fields of science . 
  she shared her first nobel with her husband . 
  it 's possible he would have shared the second with her as well , but he had died by then . 
  and these statistics are probably counting the first given name . 
  as a teacher i 've been in the situation where the class roster says there are two mohammeds in the class , but the first boy is always called omar and the second is suleman - their second or even third given names . 
  ooh . 
  denmark has a cliff . 
  is the moscow flag saint george , or is there another historical dragon-killing knight i should know about ? 
  meanwhile , norwegian cities are generally not very good at flags , and oslo 's is no exception . 
  i rather like [ trondheim 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_trondheim ) , however . 
  hey flanders !, 
  if you need some rain , i bet bergen would be willing to share some . 
  ( headline : `` bergen has had rain every day this june '' ), 
  oslo checking in . 
  technically the sun will set at 22:45 this evening , but when it sets that late , this is only a technicality .
