  the foreigners must not find out of our romani shock troops . 
  sounds a lot like the balkans . 
  it 's not unusual for these begging rings to kidnap girls and ship them abroad where they beg or work as prostitutes . 
  my cousin was kidnapped a few years back , drugged and shipped to greece . 
  she somehow managed to escape her captors , call her father and with the help of police on both sides , she made it back home . 
  the captors , however , were never caught . 
  good thing we 're not romania , then . 
  we can still refer to them as guests . 
  maybe it 's not your problem to solve , messiah . 
  leave people to their own devices , in their own countries . 
  look at all that garbage . 
  is the natural scenery of wherever it is they came from , that of a garbage dump ? 
  agreed . 
  it 's good old cowardice , mixed with individualism . 
  does n't take much for you to start flinging shit , does it ? 
  you do n't have enough oppressor/oppression points to make the news . 
  maybe you should try being oppressed or oppress someone to get some attention . 
  t. naturalized citizen, 
  during , you 're still a dude . 
  after , you 're a botched dude . 
  changing whatever in their id goes against objective reality , save for the address . 
  did n't they stop drawing mohammad ? 
  seems like god 's warriors won the war . 
  people outside of europe and the us tend to respect might more than anything else , and that 's something hitler had in spades . 
  obligatory https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acffultuqzq, 
  nice try , schlomo . 
  we 're on to you . 
   i observed that these turkish people are no longer really turkish , or maybe they 're too turkish in that they refuse to change and uphold to old , conservative values . 
  it 's the same with bulgarians who live abroad . 
  leaving their natural element tends to make them hyper-nationalists , preservers of bulgarian culture and identity . 
  i ca n't even phantom what triggers people to overcompensate so much , it 's fucking absurd . 
  he probably justifies it to himself as `` i 'm entitled to that money since he oppressed people i may or may not be related to , 100 years before i was born '' . 
  features such as blond hair and blue/green eyes are recessive , so she 's not wrong . 
   chaplin said russia 's current political leaders were an `` immoral elite who are stopping the country from developing '' . 
  the real reason he was sacked . 
  reading up on russian policies always makes me giggle . 
  russification !, 
  no , idigenization !, 
  wait , i mean advanced russification !, 
  ah , fuck it , even more russification !, 
  that 's ugly even for a tricolor and that 's saying something . 
   once you have loads of money , you 'll find a way to not hate the neighbor people do n't stress this enough , but quality of life makes all the difference . 
  a person who has more assets or more opportunities would be less inclined to start shit , compared to someone who has nothing . 
  it 's easy for different predators to cohabit when they 're fed . 
  both, 
  i do n't know about the rest , but jews are the least hated minority around here , with turks and gypsies being the most . 
  pretty much . 
  although , we knew they were fucked once we heard she was socialist . 
  going to a foreign country to look for an `` islamic success story '' is counter productive to what 's she 's ( ? ), 
  trying to portray . 
  why not write an article about all the well adjusted , secular and prospering muslims in the uk for example ? 
  it 's the perfect time for a free kurdistan . 
  solves both their pkk and refugees problem at the same time . 
  but selling it to corporations is perfectly fine . 
  of course , komshu . 
  i 'll tell you about the good old days when tato was still around . 
  makes me wan na squat with a bag of sunflower seeds and just bask at it 's greatness . 
  so , besides driving the hitler mobile , has he done anything `` nazi '' in these past 2 months since his election ? 
  point proven . 
  americans fail to integrate even in their own country . 
  is that a fact ? 
  when was the last time native french , poles or americans blew themselves up at a stadium full of people ? 
  bonus points if they did it in the name of christ . 
  did your family score some of that sweet slavery money ? 
   all the genocide , exploitation , and theft might as well ban history in general since those things comprise 2/3 of every country 's past . 
  got ta keep those feeling safe from harm 's way . 
  we would n't be where we are if `` wisdom '' and `` common sense '' were something that europe 's leaders based their decisions on . 
  oh , there 'll be fucking alright . 
  ca n't really relate , tbh fam . 
  same here . 
  saying '' \u043d\u0435\u0433\u044a\u0440 '' is way better than calling someone '' \u0447\u0435\u0440\u0435\u043d '' . 
  i 'd like to thank the 10 bulgarians on the sub for their contribution . 
  i thought you implied a possible monetary infraction , instead of a `` moral '' one . 
  while i think that a company should be about business first and morality second , i can understand why they chose this course of action . 
  why ? 
  if the personal lives of other entertainers are n't inhibiting the revenue generated by them and their respected labels/companies/sponsors , i do n't see how kov\u00e1cs \u00c1kos 's personal opinion will inhibit his and in turn harm his contract with telekom . 
  like , what he said is n't even that bad !, 
  only someone who ascribes as `` progressive '' would care about a singer 's opinion on women , the average joe wo n't even bat an eye . 
  take hollywood for example . 
  nothing but drug addicts , whores , womanizers and pedos , yet the american film and music industry are still going strong . 
  that 's as good as letting them go . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  unless they resort to illegal means and considering how they got there , breaking a few more laws wo n't be that much a problem . 
  actually , force equals mass times acceleration . 
  you need a good chunk of both to throw a really good punch . 
  it does n't need to be concentrated on one spot to do it 's job . 
  plus , being bigger is n't just about fat . 
  a heavier individual has thicker bones to accommodate for the extra weight , this is turn further increases his durability . 
  fat is an awesome shock absorber , so yeah you kind of do . 
  it 's not as bad as it looks . 
  the kid is fairly scrawny , even with a full swing he ca n't do that much damage to someome who 's at least 20kg heavier . 
  agreed . 
  i personally found it hilarious how our parliament shat themselves when this whole ordeal kicked off . 
  long time allies like the bsp and dps at each other 's throats , just because their employers suddenly do n't get along . 
  glorious . 
  if you say so , vanga . 
  let 's leave the speculations to the historians . 
  easy for you to say , when you 've never lived under it . 
  so like he said , ethnic moroccans and turks . 
  it might be hip and cool for most europeans to see countries as arbitrary borders and ethnicity as something irrelevant but non-europeans do n't see it that way .
