and while you 're patting yourself on the back for being morally superior , your country is crawling with illegals , while bulgarian refugee centers remain almost empty and the general flow ignores us completely . 
  got ta admit thou , it gets the job done . 
  i hold a grudge against every gypsy in europe for painting us as a bunch of vile racists , while they 're backwards cunts who could n't get their shit together for a fucking millennium . 
  can confirm , skanderbeg is 100 % bulgarian . 
  he invented shopska salata and the wheel . 
  on top of that , he 's the only one in the line up , that looks somewhat like a strong leader . 
  we 're not beyond the point where people want to see strength and confidence from those who represent the establishment , far from it . 
  even though he 's almost 70yo himself , trump makes every other candidate appear like a frail , old man when standing next to him . 
  holier than thou , syndrome . 
  a lot of people jack off to the idea of being morally superior to others . 
  what a joke human rights organizations are these days . 
  they do n't care about the private property these people are occupying , the disproportional amount of crimes they commit or the abuse to witch they subjugate each other on a daily basis . 
  everyone else is to blame , but the roma . 
  what a joke ... 
  migration does n't stop at 2016 . 
  far from it . 
  so the average refugee 's got nothing to worry about . 
  a dog is hardly lethal force , unless we 're talking about kangals . 
  from what i 've seen on youtube , tommy 's gotten shit on so much for such a long time , it 's amazing that he still keeps going . 
  got ta give him props for having such willpower and determination . 
  his average day : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezwkq9gxpji, 
  the west is a spectacular shit show these days , is n't it ? 
  now do their male counterparts . 
  the problem with reasoning is that you need reasonable individuals on both sides . 
  your average romani can barely read or write and any effort in discussing the shortcomings of his culture would be the equivalent of a college professor trying to discuss physics with a caveman . 
  separating children from the adults is definitely the way to go but that would be a human rights violation and no country would risk the bad publicity or the possibility of sanctions , thus our hands are tied . 
  gypsies are too tribal for anything that resembles a state . 
  each ghetto is it 's own unique tribe , with it 's own elders and it 's own jurisdiction . 
  the reason why host countries do n't consider them to be nationals and their inability to integrate virtually anywhere , all stems from this single fact . 
  maybe you should let the romanians and bulgarians decide , who should or should not fall under those ethnic and national categories . 
  that 's what i 'm getting at as well . 
  there 's nothing wrong with saying there were collaborators on the polish side , treachery is a factor during every conflict . 
  but assigning blame to the entirety of the polish nation is just foolish and from what i 've read on gross , that 's exactly what he 's implying . 
  the innocents of a country that did n't exist during the holocaust is n't that far fetched . 
   xenophobia is fear of foreigners and outside entities , not the systematic hate towards one ethnic group . 
  interesting . 
  so no buzzword actually fits since none of that is transpiring in bulgaria . 
   no it was the bulgarians . 
  first after liberation ( after the war ended ) and then after reunification/balkan wars there were massive deportations and massacres , it was done in order to create a bulgarian majority and just out of hate . 
  source  it is okay for us to oppress their culture but when they did it to us during the ottoman rule it is suddenly an outrage ? 
  i 'd take name change oppression over getting chopped up oppression , any day . 
   if having respect for all people and finding them equal is wimpy ass shit then i am proud to be a wimp . 
  i do not condone hatred and continuing the feuds of our ancestors . 
  what i want for me and for my future children is that we create a fair , peaceful and more prosperous future . 
  by shooting one side in the foot , while the other gets to do what it wants . 
  you remind me of the `` refugees welcome '' crowd in the west . 
   we dont want to let them learn their language beside ours at school , also they are looked down upon . 
  what some people do n't want to do is completely irrelevant to what is being actively done . 
  is turkish currently banned in schools ? 
   you can be racist towards ethnicities as well , not only races . 
  that 's something we call xenophobia , not racism . 
   you speak about their crimes as if they have done them themselves . 
  and how dare you judge them since bulgarians massacred hundreds of thousands of turks after liberation . 
  those were the russians . 
  the bulgarian government has never massacred it 's own citizens at any point in time , not even under communism . 
   if we dont stop hating eachother for stuff that happened 200 years ago how can there ever be peace . 
  as gandhi said an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind . 
  it seems the blakans have a infinite supply of eyes though since there are still people who think like you . 
  i 've got eyes for days . 
  \u041e\u0442\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0434\u043d\u0430\u0442\u0438 \u043e\u0447\u0438 : ^ )  we need to find a way to live together . 
  i am sure all of them speak bulgarian , so who the f cares if they speak turkish to themselves . 
  we are living together . 
  although one side gets away with disrespecting the other 's culture and apparently does n't give a damn about integration , we 're stable as it gets . 
  truly , they lucked out when picking a host . 
  btw , there are 60yo ladies in kardzhali , born and raised here , who do n't speak a word of bulgarian . 
  feel free to go and see for yourself . 
   you call the massive deportations and ~ ~ massacres ~ ~ that occurred after liberation not doing anything ? 
  bulgarians were the minority in many many man regions then . 
  sofia was almost entirely turkish . 
  population exchanges were a regular occurrence in the 20th century and especially in the balkans . 
  i 'm sure that the thracian bulgarians would have preferred a population exchange , compared to what they got . 
   and then during communism when we made them change their names to bulgarian ones , and repressed their culture . 
  oh , the humanity !, 
   nobody cares about that . 
  because they are turks and they did that to us too . 
  nobody cares because that 's wimpy ass shit , compared to what happened in bulgaria during a good chunk of the last millennium . 
   they are a productive minority , unlike the roma , and are discriminated against just because they are turks . 
  discriminated how ? 
  are they denied work based on ethnicity ? 
  forbidden to speak their language in public ? 
  is islam banned in bulgaria ? 
  if the answer of all of the above is no , then you have no case for discrimination . 
   racism against turkey you ca n't be racist against a country , friend . 
   people are not ashamed to say they hate them just cause something something 200-700 years ago . 
  perfectly justified . 
  should jews be ashamed to hate nazis , just because that would hurt some german 's feelings ? 
  there 's a safe space right next door for any turk who feels uncomfortable hearing about his ancestor 's crimes . 
   not to mention we go batshit crazy when they dare teach their language side by side ours , while we are proud there are bulgarian schools in ukraine and mfing brasil that teach bulgarian . 
  because there are literally regions where you would n't hear bulgarian being spoken on the streets . 
  couple that with a neo-ottoman dictatorship to the east and you 've got a recipe for disaster in the near future . 
   we have made them lose hope with the government , and have made them segregate into their own communities and with that comes political parties . 
  so do n't / s me . 
  until we accept them they cant shake their ties with turkey . 
  we have n't done shit , their communities were established the moment they came here and have remained the same ever since . 
  or do you assume that the muslims of old lived side by side with the gyavurs ? 
  you forgot the / s, 
  i 'll make sure to bring a camera next time a family member almost gets sold into slavery . 
  probably turkey . 
  even today they meddle in our internal politics . 
  good sliding , brother .
