  but i think it 's absolutely normal to fall in love for new places . 
  for example i 'd like to visit other countries and to relocate abroad , mainly because i 'm a curious guy . 
  i 'd love to live in a big metropolis and sometime making a long journey by car to the british and irish countryside . 
  here we have a lot of building in the older side ( mainly rented by university students but also by sienese families ) but also outside the centre of the city in suburbs . 
  in suburbs you spend less money and you could have to take a bus to go to the older part of the city but on the other side you are surrounded by the countryside ( and siena has chianti hills on the north-east side , `` montagnola '' and the plains of rosia on the north-west side , arbia river , its valley and the way to val d'orcia on the south side . 
  here in siena rents are : central ( into fortified central zone ) about 650/700 $ for 50mq . 
  outside centre ( 2km or more ) 500/600 $ for 50mq . 
  i 'm not involved in agricolture but my family has a farm of about 130ha . 
  we have two wheel tractors and two big caterpillars and another one smaller . 
  we have also two big farmhouses ( more or less 4.000 mq in total ) . 
  we produce wheat , barley , sunflowers , clover seeds , field beans , oats , hay and we have 250 olive trees for olive oil production . 
  when i was a child my granpa had 10 employees ( because we had also 200 cows ) , now the farm is managed by my brother . 
  i identify myself as tuscan and european . 
  personally i presume anything below tuscany is south and , at the opposite , anything above tuscany is north . 
  this only for historical and cultural reason , so `` south '' and `` north '' not only geographically . 
  i 'm tuscan :p ( actually centre-north ) . 
  i wait until green light turns on . 
  i 'm pissed off by people who does n't respect rules . 
  and same thing here in tuscany : a lot of germans , dutch , french and some briton with their humongous caravans trying to drive in our countryside roads . 
  i 've studied english since i was 11 , but at that time english lessons at school were a joke . 
  at the age of 35 i decided to go to university ( for a second degree ) so i 've been re-studying english for three years and in june i have a mandatory c1 exam ( cambridge cae ) and another exam about journalism and media translation from english to italian . 
  i 'm really scared because i 'm not so good in listening or in use of english even though i speak a lot with english speakers and i read every day ... poor me . 
  i 'm not so nationalist though . 
  well ... he could be only another historical famous person of our collection . 
  i agree , moreover he has had more chicks than trump . 
  best friends foreva ... i assume , 
  ahah i 've been waiting the first french triggered by my provocative assumption . 
   actually he was italian by his culture and ancestors , furthermore he born only one year after the french `` occupation '' of corsica which was genoese . 
  ~ ~ to be fair he was actually genoese ~ ~ . 
  edit : his ancestors were actually tuscan , from sarzana . 
  it 's the same thing if you define dante , boccaccio , simone martini , savonarola , leonardo , giotto , masaccio , puccini , machiavelli etc. . . as italians instead of tuscan . 
  probably he has been the first and the most revolutionary and visionary man of europe 's history . 
  proudly yessss ... [ berlusconi ] ( http://www.milanolife.it/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/incontro-in-via-rovani-tra-silvio-berlusconi-e-vladimir-putin.jpg ), 
  he was a brave italian guy but he stolen too many pieces of art here . 
  thank you , really interesting thing . 
   schwarzbrot i really love it . 
  here in italy i buy the flour with seeds to make this type of bread by myself . 
  so producing a lot of movies is the sign of a well developed industry . 
  i 'm glad to read someone who have a genuinely passion for this industry . 
  here we have the same problem , italy is well known for its comedies and we have had great american actors in our films ( especially during the 50 's and the 60 's ) . 
  today is really difficult to find a good italian sci-fi movie or a horror but , as you know we were really good in some genres : western , horror , drama , historical etc. . . our industry includes also commercials ( i have a friend of mine who works in milan on food commercials for the arab market ) , non fiction movies ( documentary for example ) , and corporate videos ( mainly for institutions or corporations/business ) . 
  personally i work as a director and ( mainly ) as a video editor for multiple productions but i live in a beautiful , rich and at the same time little city , so it 's impossible to work for great projects . 
  when i finish my studies at university i will relocate abroad in europe , i really need to see new places , people and be inspired . 
  comedies are the cancer of cinema , especially in italy . 
  we produce a lot of these movies for tre reasons ( mainly ) : the starring actors are well known as comedians in tv shows , scriptwriters are lazy or not so courageous , average productions are not so rich ( under 1.5 million euros ) so they are focused on low budget screenplays . 
  i 've seen two turkish short films last summer in a festival , very interesting productions , good actors and well directed . 
  yes , probably given the mutation of movie industry in the last years it would be important to develop some alternatives to increase distribution and fruition . 
  co-productions at a european level could really important in some big project though . 
  oh my god , i know what you mean when you talk about bad acting ... 
  ahaha my bad . 
  i did n't want to be offensive . 
  i think videogame industry now is generally too developed so it 's even more difficult starting from scratch in producing a new videogame . 
  but probably in some niche of the market is possible to have some satisfaction yet . 
  ah ok , thank you for the answer . 
  really interesting , in italy i 'm also part of a cinematographic association and we produce an international short film festival . 
  i 've seen also some short films produce in denmark but also in sweden and other scandinavian countries , generally are a really decent level of narrativity and technical stuff . 
  interesting , do you have also a movie industry in the netherlands ? 
  yeah , i know pretty well media production in the uk  i only hope brexit would n't sink my dream to be there for working in the industry ... i 'm concluding a really hard route and are 3 years i 'm preparing to relocate because even though italy has a good media industry you have to cope with high taxation rates or poor and mostly unpaid freelance works ( `` unpaid '' because some client does n't pay your bill or pay it after 6 months ) . 
  really interesting , so i assume you produce movies using english instead of danish , is it right ? 
  for instance here in italy we have a lot of facilities for movie productions in rome while in milane there are media/tv facilities . 
  our industry is well developed but probably only in these two cities , in the rest of the country there are only small video productions companies involved in little projects such as commercials for local broadcasters , wedding videos or corporate videos . 
  yes , it sound absolutely familiar because italian is directly influenced by tuscan . 
  our accent is recognizable and funny and at the same time is deeply related to standard italian . 
  in italy , i think the funniest dialect is spoken in tuscany . 
  i think a united state of europe is not a choice but it 's the destiny of our continent . 
  so , you like or not , this is the future we will face . 
  attention : in italy we use the word `` dialetti '' in a wrong way . 
  in reality , according to sociolinguistics the term `` dialects '' is used to describe a language and its regional variations . 
  in italy we have non only a standard italian but also dozens of other languages . 
  we have also dialects of standard italian and dialects of the other languages . 
  for example we can recognize a sort of standard veneto language and its local variations ( dialects ) . 
  to sum up : a dialect is different from a language . 
  the first is only a variation in intonation and in some words , the second have different words , pronunciation and sometimes syntax . 
  i think the smell of shit is caused by the farms along the highways . 
  4000 $ for a year ? 
  i 'm not so sure money are the worst motivator , according to many economists and nobel prize winner kahneman . 
  in that video they assume money are not a useful motivator in some type of activities , it would be interesting to see some experiments to demonstrate that assumption . 
  i got it . 
  thank you for your interesting point of view . 
  probably some economist have made some studies and calculations , i 've studied some of cognitive economy but nothing more :d, 
  obviously i 'm playing the devil 's advocate because ubi has ( in my opinion ) some dark corners . 
  these are my doubts : - how much money could be this income ? 
  - could it be a wide spreading of low pay jobs ? 
  - how these low pay jobs could maintain a decent level of productivity given that workers are not stimulated by other incentives ? 
  it sounds good for me too . 
  could be interesting to calculate how much it would cost so evaluate it . 
  i see your point but i 'm more focused on the psychological effects of this choice . 
  i mean , it is absolutely clear that a positive stimulus is better than a negative one , so generally workers ' productivity increase when they receive bonuses as well as it decrease when they are punished . 
  i could be positive on universal basic income but what is the limit to avoid people prefer to stay at home rather than going to work ? 
  for the rational choice , a citizen earning ( for example ) 800 euros/month could decide to stay at home instead of working , because he/she can live in that income . 
  welfare probably is more selective and less `` universal '' . 
  by the way some people seem to be welfare state `` addicted '' and stay out of work for years . 
  mmm do n't know ... 
  hiring more people for few hours each is a contract sometimes used in italy and it is called `` contratto di solidariet\u00e0 '' ( solidarity contract ) . 
  but i do n't know if it works , on the other hand , it is actually a good thing automation and technological improvements , probably it is necessary to push companies in that direction thank to tax discounts . 
  how to push people receiving such income to work productively ? 
  this thing is against the `` rational choice theory '' . 
  yeah , we love fika very much . 
  in italy monarchy was a joke . 
  i think many italians would like to have their former dukes or princeps back instead of the savoia family .
