more or less ... :d, 
  remember , we have been at war only against people we admire :d, 
  that 's incredibly dumb ... 
  some days ago a guy said to me that he thought i was n't italian because i 'm blonde and i have blue eyes ... 
  my opinion is similar : even if it was a confederation , a federation or whatever , we have an administrative capital ( brussels ) and 28 capitals of every single state . 
  i think there 's nothing wrong with this and i 'm genuinely proud to have as capitals cities like berlin or dublin , madrid or copenhagen ... 
  from wikipedia : `` a confederation ( also known as a confederacy or league ) is a union of sovereign states ( united states ) , united for purposes of common action often in relation to other states . 
  [ 1 ] usually created by a treaty , confederations of states tend to be established for dealing with critical issues , such as defense , foreign relations , internal trade or currency , with the general government being required to provide support for all its members . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederation so , the eu is more a confederation than a supranational organization . 
  i hate when people downvote legit opinions even if they disagree with them . 
  with all due respect but i do n't think you could put together different institutions like eu , un or nato as if they were similar . 
  the eu is actually a supranational organization but also a de facto confederation of states . 
  right , we 're mammoni but not lazy . 
  i suppose to know your feelings when you see these beautiful cities but there is no way to operate in the field of archaeology . 
  i mean , it would be a great number of place to be studied and excavated but as i said before , we lack of public founds . 
  many excavations are made only as emergency when a new building or a new road is built and there are some ancient findings to be studied and removed in few days . 
  obviously in italy archaeology is very important but it depends mostly on public finances . 
  there are though several private cooperatives operating in this sector . 
  i studied archaeology in siena ( which is my city in tuscany ) at least 15 years ago and it was an amazing experience , every summer i worked in excavations for one or two months in several parts of italy and in particular i worked in prehistorical excavations . 
  in italy we say `` cin-cin '' as simple as to drink a glass of spumante . 
  :d bidet can be used also to wash feet though , my daughter ( she is 4 ) uses bidet also to wash her hands , 
  i agree , these places are actually poor or underdeveloped compared to centre-north italy but far from being `` extremely poor '' . 
  bidet , safety . 
  why not ? 
  mat is a quite old political movement but currently it has no more than 2/3k votes . 
  for any references : http://www.mat-toscanalibera.org/, 
  even in tuscany there were separatist movements . 
  well , naples is a beautiful place for sure but it 's really chaotic for me and there are worst cities than naples . 
  where would i live other than in my beloved tuscany ? 
  very hard to say , maybe in trentino ( where i have another house ) . 
  jugoslavia or czechoslovakia . 
  we have too many poor and unskilled africans , furthermore this freaking hot summer is killing me . 
  but it is true . 
  central italy it is only a mental projection , it is like a unicorn or atlantide . 
  same thing , our relation with half of europe and the majority of the mediterranean countries is good :d, 
  how silly is downvoting the truth ? 
  they wanted to be `` free '' from the ugly and obnoxious white italian colonialists ... 
  i found out those surnames thanks to a website : http://www.mappadeicognomi.it/, 
  we have ( both in a singular or plural forms ) : americano , spagnolo , francese , italiano , tedesco , polonia/polacco , greco , portoghese , cinese , giapponese , svedese , inglese , scozzese , irlandese , germania , turco , russo , croato , olandese/olanda etc. . . 
  it is not an issue and i 'm glad to communicate with all the people out there . 
  but i have to admit it , despite having a cae in english and having studied english linguistics at university , i 'm quite envious of native speakers and their ability to avoid silly mistakes . 
  i do n't have any problems with english but i have to admit that the fact to not being `` forced '' to learn another language is an advantage . 
  at the end of the day learning another language is certainly a good thing . 
  really ? 
  why not italian instead ? 
  i 'm lazy and i want to go abroad speaking italian and , maybe , working thanks to my `` hard earned '' native speaker skills . 
  it 's really interesting this matter because idiomatic expressions are deeply connected with culture . 
  it would be interesting to find what are the most common idiomatic expression we have in common each other , more idiomatic phrases in common = more culturally connected . 
  i 've several french and german cousins . 
  til they were so similar to we tuscans or people from veneto . 
  i would say that , even if it seem an exaggeration , in italy every `` cultural region '' is like a different country . 
  well , maybe france , ireland , uk or netherlands . 
  exactly , 
  my hope is we could remember the end of the war along with our austrian bros. . for example in my family i 've had relatives at war in both sides . 
  34 and 29, 
  i prefer karkad\u00e8 to tea . 
  it is the `` tea of the italians '' due to our former colonies in africa . 
  we do n't use such words in tuscany . 
  maybe if you see a old friend you could use a phrase like : `` bada chi si vede !, 
  old son of a bitch '' ), 
  if a boy : ragnar, 
  omg ... you 're right ... 
  i prefer to think about persia instead of iran and the role of religion in that country . 
  anyway , their women are gorgeous . 
  but in reality it 's really simple and intuitive . 
  for example : il cazzo ( the dick ) is masculine , la figa ( the pussy ) is feminine . 
  sure , but it is also important that commissars were chosen because of their skill and only secondly because of their nationality . 
  at the end of the day we need good politicians , it does n't matter where they came from ( in my opinion obviously ) . 
  ah ... yeah ... politicians love to make simple thing difficult . 
  i agree with you . 
  on the other hand if we want to guarantee the same weight to all the eu countries the best place is the eu council ( or the council of ... whatever ... why do we have two institutions with a similar name ? ) . 
  edit : typing, 
  i 'm 181cm , i do n't know if it is in the average or not . 
  i do n't feel tall at all . 
  yes . 
  yeah , from reggio calabria to hamburg , best autobahn evah . 
  mmmm maybe germany , it could be a win - win union . 
  i 'm still studying english and despite the encouraging 5 received for a well written report , i feel like a dumb . 
  well , today i ate only some ham with bread and cheese . 
  a cup of caff\u00e8latte and a chocolate pastry . 
  lol , it 's really interesting how different countries have adopted different terminology referring to administrative areas . 
  in fact does n't exists a proper way , it 's only a linguistic question . 
  for example during the roman empire the biggest administrative areas were called `` provinces '' so ... it 's a little bit confusing . 
  i know what happened in italy , it was the result of the extreme centralization of italy following the french state as an example . 
  but here some people were aware of our diversities so at that time proposed a federal model . 
  so i would n't be too worried about a federal state . 
  i do n't have any proof of what you say . 
  the reality is every country in the eu have the right to use its own language and our motto is clear : in varietate concordia . 
  quite debatable , furthermore complaining does n't help . 
  i know , it 's a complex and debatable matter . 
  in fact `` regions '' can be both administrative or geographic words . 
  thank you , 
  absolutely yes . 
  but when we talk about a `` single country '' we do n't think about the u.s.a. we 're europe so it 's fundamental to maintain regional languages and identities safe instead of uniforming everything . 
  i completely agree , for instance here in italy every region has its own `` parliament '' and its own budget . 
  so it could be really interesting to promote a sort of europe of regions instead of the current europe of states . 
  well , from a southerner point of view probably italy is considered a semi-failed state but probably it is a biased pov . 
  in reality from rome to the north quality of life is definitely better ( speaking only about jobs , in fact south italy has a lot of beautiful things to be proud ) . 
  i live in tuscany and here quality of life is at a high level compared also with the european average . 
  yep , here in siena we have more raining days than in london .
