eyy , people live up in the north also . 
  the name is quite scandinavian i must say . 
  almost like nordlendingen . 
  ohh no i did n't think it was you . 
  i know that posting refugee things will easily get you downvoted . 
  especially true on / r/europe, 
  good point , i guess many people feel that the hard complications just make it too hard and that they do n't trust the institutions to handle the refugee crisis in the way they would like , it 's probably not a long jump from `` maybe we can help them where they are '' to `` just close the borders i do n't want this issue in my country '' especially if they feel the issue wo n't be handles very well . 
  for me i think most people i know would want to get some sort of help rebuilding if our town was bombed in a war . 
  ( actually everything was burned down in ww2 here , almost everyone that went away came back and had some help rebuilding , my grand father actually lived in a cave for time under ww2 because they could n't afford to get away ) for me i do n't expect australia to accept me as a refugee unless i 'm personally hunted for something . 
  ( political views , religious etc ) however it would be nice if they could send some aid workers to help me rebuild , or help set up a temporary refugee camp in a neighboring country until the conflict ended . 
  but i do n't think i should be able to demand that they let me come to their country and set up camp , neither that they have to send money . 
  well that should be their choice though . 
  i do n't want to live in a world where countries that are n't doing anything bad in and of itself just refusing to help with a problem , just as i have the right to expel people from my home even if they are homeless should n't countries also be allowed ? 
  people should n't be forced to house a homeless person in their home , same should go for countries . 
  and also there is the issue that you very quickly get labeled as a racist , bigot etc and that shuts down discussion . 
  just as you are asking these people to understand that asylum seekers also are people and might need help , you have understand that they also are people and when they are quickly shut down by being labeled as racists , bigots etc they 're voice and thought are being suppressed and silenced . 
  ( how disheartening and defeating must it feel to never get heard and never get considered ? 
  even if you 're ideas might be `` out there '' and i 'm sure this just strengthens their belief in whatever they think ) this will probably no be solved anytime soon, 
  it 's a difference in philosophy basically . 
  just because something is a problem does n't mean they have to be forced to help solve it . 
  and maybe they do want to help , but not the way the way it 's done now . 
  helping people where they are or letting them in to the country ? 
  personally i want to help , but i want to do it where they are and not in my country . 
  edit ; by downvoting this you are creating more and more of a divide in this issue and shutting down discussion about it . 
  ( are you insecure because not everyone shares your ideas ? 
  and want to stop them form spreading ? ), 
  sure , just bring the whiskey . 
  greece wtf, 
  true nordics love the cold . 
  in winter with -20 outside i happily keep my window open to cool the room and then wrap myself up in blankets , then just laying under the window and feeling the cold air flowing over my face . 
  ca n't wait for winter, 
  i do n't want to remove `` some of the pillars that eu is based upon '' shut it down completely ( since it 's confirmed pretty much impossible within the eu to do this ) then renegotiate new deals with the specific idea that not all european countries will accept them . 
  each of the deals will have to be able to stand on it 's own and not encompass everything from grass lengt eu standards to fridge max wattage ( like the eu basically is now , way to much under just one deal * ) i would also want to change my own countrys political system so that each county and municipality is given more power over their own area . 
  so that the smaller cities and lesser populated areas ca n't just be overruled so much by cities . 
  ( when you do n't live somewhere you really should n't have much say over how that area is run . ), 
  i 'd rather the eu was split into many different agreements , with a base layer of some kind of fta that only ensures free trade , open borders to some extent ( free movement to visit any country but working requires extra vetting by each country themselves , or open borders between the countries that sign that specific agrement ) and then the rest of the eu laws and regulations that does not tie into the fta will be separate and decided upon by each of the european countries themselves . 
  my problem with the eu is the whole idea of centralization of power . 
  we should work the opposite way , give more power to the localities and set up framework on the national and european level so that people have more choice over their area instead of being shoehorned into everything, 
  i think the bad outweighs the good . 
  declare war on libya so that you can `` legally '' enter their waters and then drop of people there ? 
  well until the people who are paying those checks just say `` naw we 're not paying you , go home '' but that would probably be the biggest protest in the world in even if it was just one european country that did it . 
  just cause i want a less intrusive eu ( or none at all ) does n't mean i do n't support net neutrality . . good that the eu did something good for once , does n't mean i 'll suddenly support the institution that i feel is heading in the general wrong direction . 
  edit ; downvoted just for being eurosceptic ... cant handle someone sharing different political beliefs than you ? 
  i want the weather . . [ this looks perfect !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e1/stuckinsnowbetweenlaugarvatnandthingvellir.jpg/1920px-stuckinsnowbetweenlaugarvatnandthingvellir.jpg ), 
  i 'd take iceland instead . 
  which would increase over time with more spending ? 
  it would limit the exposure to radical ideas in religions . 
  if the member attende number for a meeting is limited , a radical person get 's much less ears to give his ideas to . 
  restrict organised religion . 
  churches , mosques etc etc have to be funded by the members of the establishment , a maximum amount of money the establishment can get in donation ( rest goes to state ) , maximum amount of members in one establishment etc. 
  would be better than just banning people from wearing something, 
  so the title is bogus . . 
  they should just hand out big fines . 
  not force people to take off their clothes . 
  shhhhhhhhh , norwegians do n't talk about stores not being open on sundays . 
  cause we ca n't buy beer on sundays . 
  we can give your government a 10 % increase in funding if you want ? 
  realistically we should own greenland and iceland . 
  the 20th and 21st fylke !, 
  come on  we can give you more money than denmark ever can !, 
  we have our cabin in kautokeino ca n't wait for winter , snowmobiling every weekend, 
  also in northern norway it 's hurting, 
  pretty much this . 
  and they use their resources in very questionable ways , focusing and using resources on things people think does n't deserve that many resources . 
  ( helicopters after snowmobilers , raids on pot smokers , sending patrol officers door to door in a city of 5k to get 1 illegal duck hunter ... 
  i have many more like this ), 
  i trust the police yes . 
  but i do n't count on them . 
  i have friends who need to wait over 1 hour for police to arrive ( town of 2k people ) he is better of calling his friend with a hunting rifle if there is a murderer in his house . 
  so yes i 'd trust the police , but i will never ever count on them . 
  ( rural north norway ), 
  the 20th fylke !, 
  [ ehh , to us it 's cheap . 
  number 8 on income spent on fuel ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/gas-prices/#20162:united-states:usd:g ), 
  well most of peoples time is spent at home so off course more happens accidents happen there . . 
  try and find some numbers on accidents occurring per time spent outside vs at home in % chance of accident . 
  i think you 'd see way more accidents outside than at home per time spent, 
  why outsource fuel ? 
  kinda need to be independent if war comes around . 
  swedish housing is fucking cheap in small towns . 
  * world, 
  atleast you have sunlight in winter ... 
  i 'm not suprised . 
  people seem to forget about this a lot . 
  many here even want out of the e\u00d8s we are part of . 
  such clean air , not poluted by the dirty nuclear plants . 
  it has been voted to keep it on our discord, 
  it would be better to concentrate on helping locally . 
  let 's hope that is what happens then . 
  norway has no representation in the eu . 
  i could write a letter to the norwegian delegations in brussels or the european commission that is pushing this but that 's it . 
  the fact that you do n't even know how to oppose this is why i do n't support the eu in it 's current form i bet a lot of the general population has no clue either, 
  the alt righters are n't that stupid . . sure they would be glad to see her go , but they know schulz is just as pro-eu . 
  just give each country one vote in the eu . 
  surely that will fix it, 
  you 're still 6th though, 
  please do n't remind me . . 
  it 's 24/7 here for two months . . 
  sos ddos attack ?
