  actually , the ecb has only one job : prices stability/keep inflation close to 2 % . 
  the interest rate is at 0 , making qes , buying sovereign bonds , and now even corporate bonds . 
  i think they are running out of tools to produce inflation , and germany for example already complains about the ecb overstepping its mandate . 
  with a 2 % inflation rate , we agree ( 3 % would be a reasonable deficit limit ) . 
  but , imho , i do n't think you can predict a future `` normal inflation rate '' according to its historical value . 
  the situation is not the same as past decades ( more potential for growth ) . 
  nothing shows that we will get back to a 2 % inflation rate any time soon . 
  ps : i appreciate having a discussion with numbers and not a single ad hominem attack thrown yet ( o :, 
   4-5 % nominal growth is reasonable during normal times so that limit is fine this is an extremely optimist number . 
  the eu growth has only been over 4 % once , around 2000 . 
  now it 's more like 2 % , and it 's increased by eastern developing countries , so you should probably even expect for less for the western part . 
  i wonder how you can be at 3 % deficit in normal times , and ever more in non-normal times , without making the national debt explode . 
  and already in deficit . 
  lazy reply . 
  are you aware keynes is not free of criticism ? 
  and keynes did not advocate creating growth just by continually increasing a persistent deficit . 
  i do n't mind states investing for growth , and it is necessary in some situations , but it also has to come with at least a reasonable budget management . 
  this debate around austerity is very strange to me . 
  imho , i do n't think a 3 % deficit limit , is asking too much . 
  i do n't understand how some people can think that even more deficit would be reasonable . 
  have never eaten frogs or snails . 
  he is the prime minister of slovakia , not the prime minister of the eu . 
  they could still `` print free money '' and hand it out to the governments , which would be the stupidiest thing ever , but hopefully this is not what op has in mind . 
  what does that mean concretely ? 
  denmark , please send us more incompetent politicians !, 
  not questioning the veracity , but i find it quite odd that a russian soldier would turn himself over to ukrainian authorities . 
  corporations are rational . 
  they do what 's in their interest , like all humans . 
  paying high taxes is not in their interest , and it has to be enforced by the states , and all of them to avoid loopholes . 
  corporations could n't care less about lessons in morality . 
  lesson in morality never had any significant effect . 
  edit : people pretending to know better than them , how corporations should protect their own interest , what else . 
  lack of efficiency has absolutely nothing to do with laziness . 
  it 's actually harder for a less efficient society to be lazy . 
   so vote no in a referendum , ** say to the people all this things and try to spread your opinion ** . 
  it seems this is exactly what he is doing right now . 
  he 's currently around 20 % in the polls . 
  if he manages to pass the first round , there is a good chance he wins the second round . 
  it will depend on who are the other candidates , how united are the other parties , and if macron decides to run for presidency . 
  well , getting rid of the capital control may be a good start to help growth . 
  and probably implementing the promised reforms , which i heard were still at 2 out of 15 . . 
  the point is , you do n't have leverage in negotiation , when you are not delivering and making things worse . . 
  you need to be more specific about `` the way '' . 
  people who protest austerity usually do it for social reasons . 
  those are not bad reasons , but social expenses do n't have much economical value ( those are probably the expenses that contribute the less to growth ) , which is kind of the point of trying to reduce the deficit while not killing growth . 
  i do n't complain much about that number , although i 'm rather liberal . 
  the problem is , it 's a fucking mess , with exceptions , exceptions in exceptions , taxes used to pay back taxes , ... every single politician we have had just added more custom rules for clientelist purposes . 
  i 'd rather have a even higher tax figure but a more efficient system . 
  and right when you started trolling . 
  first learn how to have a civil discussion . 
  i do n't owe you anything . 
  you could simply behave like an adult and you would get a reply , but you prefer not too . 
  i 'm sure you can understand that , but it feels better to think i 'm not replying because you must be right , is n't it ? 
  wishful thinking right there . 
   an intriguing concept . 
  i really do wonder what we should do the people who live off of that gdp . 
  perhaps summary executions would work ? 
  ok i stopped reading there . 
  you do n't seem to want to discuss seriously . 
  think about it this way . 
  if reducing the deficit reduces gdp , it 's because gdp is not at the level it should be and is inflated by the deficit . 
  syriza made another bigger mess out of a mess . 
  how did you miss the part that says greece only implemented 2 of the 15 promised reforms ? 
  the eu does does not have the power to do that . 
  most of the people that blame the eu for this , are also the ones crying when it comes to give the eu more power . 
  do you find it strange that people disagree with the choice of other people ? 
  or are protests only supposed to be used against a tyrannic government ? 
  a vote does not mean everyone has to shut up . 
  that 's not how democracy works . 
  is n't it a bad strategy from psoe not to abstain and trigger yet another election ? 
  this time it sounds like they will be the one blamed for it , no ? 
   russia tailors their propaganda to work on dumb people and dumb people are likely to choose a radical ideology . 
  calling it like it is , i like that . 
  margrethe , would you marry me ? 
  if we got rid of everything that 's a bit too complicated for a majority of people to understand , there would n't be much left . 
  that 's why we have a representative democracy . 
  what 's funny is that right now i 'm watching the show with the british customs and that they had to release illegal immigrants because they lacked passports and documents . 
  sorry but . . dude , that 's such a simplistic and naive point of view . 
  it seems you misread me . 
  well , this one is very editorialized . 
  it completely changes the meaning of the article , and the guardian is n't really known to be pro brexit , but i do n't know , you are not the only one to react like that to my comment , so maybe that 's me . 
  and the message is , please , do more like the far right , if you do n't want the far right themselves to win the elections ? 
  yeah , i do n't complain about the current situation . 
  i am just replying to people saying `` it 's uk 's problem '' or `` it 's france 's problem '' . 
  you are both wrong for saying : it 's your problem / no , it 's your problem / no , it 's yours . 
  can you guys stop the blame game and think for a second . 
  france could let the migrants go , but of course the uk would do it 's best to prevent them from coming in . 
  it would damage the traffic over the channel and annoys france as much as it would annoy the uk . 
  in the end , both would equally lose in this mess . 
  the most responsible solution , imo , is to handle them before they move into uk , but the cost should be equally shared . 
  nobody plans to punish the uk . 
  only not to let the uk go away with all the good things only and no responsibility . 
  the title seems a bit editorialized , which is surprising coming from reuters and the guardian . 
  reading the article , i see nothing about punishing the uk or `` making them pay for it '' . 
  all i see is this :  `` if we organise brexit in the wrong way , then we 'll be in deep trouble , so now we need to make sure that we do n't allow britain to keep the nice things , so to speak , related to europe while taking no responsibility , '' gabriel said . 
  and it totally makes sense . 
  if the uk could keep all the nice things without any responsibility , of course the ue would have absolutely no reason to exist . 
  if that happened , who would be most likely to replace merkel ? 
  the good old `` i want all the good things without the annoying part '' . 
  thanks , i do n't need to read the article .
