  even at times when greece 's gdp was higher . 
   also , the first loans package was released prior to that 20 % figure , thus increasing the percentage . 
  if you would have read the short article , you would have seen it . 
  that still does n't explain a double or triple deficit . 
  especially without figures to compare with germany . 
  1st , a stimulus is not only government spending . 
  it 's also money the government is not earning ( through tax cuts , etc. ) . 
  a huge part of the greek 's deficit comes from that . 
  also , you show me absolute government spending , but when comparing 2 countries of different sizes , that means nothing . 
  government spending/gdp is more meanningful . 
  and when comparing spending/gdp , greece is spending more at the beginning , and still more at the end . 
  so who cares in the meanwhile they improved a bit ? 
  now if you want plan to reply like meatmehalfway :  it 's called a deflationary spiral . 
  gdp shrinks due to suppressed economic activity thus increasing the deficit proportionally . 
  [ here is my reply ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/30x409/germany_registers_lowest_unemployment_rate_in_eu/cpwsjic ) . 
  you only give half the answer . 
  was germany spending more servicing its debt ? 
  i do n't know and i 'll let you search for that . 
  but anyway , 20 % does n't explain a deficit 2 times higher than germany , and i 'm pretty sure ( just being euphemist ) germany is also paying interests . 
  also , if greece was spending more to serve its debt , where do you think that debt came from ? 
  from the past deficit !, 
  did n't think of that eh ? 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's absolutely irrelevant . 
  all it shows is that spending was decreasing/increasing . 
  this does n't contradict at all the fact that greece was still spending much more in comparison to gdp . 
  edit : `` that greece 's deficit was much higher than germany '', 
  greece 's deficit was  = 10 % from 2009 to 2014 . 
  that 's like a 5 years continuous huge stimulus . 
  was n't that enough ? 
  did it help ? 
  in comparison germany 's deficit was between 3.1 % / 4.1 % for 2 years . 
  so , who spent the money ? 
  talk about hypocrisy . . 
  it 's not even a study , it 's only a survey about people 's intentions . 
  this demonstrates nothing and it gets 667 upvotes ? 
  come on guys . . 
  for anyone . 
  if the company 's goal is profit : the owners . 
  if the company 's goal is to provide work : workers . 
  the question remains the same . 
  yeah , basically greece wants its debt to be forgiven and/or subsidies . 
  that 's a one-way transfer , not a closer euro zone integration . 
  how are they actually supposed to differ besides the ownership ? 
  besides having workers investing their own money into their company , i 'm not sure how he plans a promotion of workers owning their businesses . 
  and so , is it in the interest of most workers to do such an investment ? 
  and even when the workers own the company , would it be more efficient to have thousands of people have a say in the decisions rater than a few people dedicated to this task ? 
  edit : silent downvotes is cancer, 
  some pilots here in france are also asking for toilets inside the cockpit . 
  i say why not . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  the rich lost more than the poor . 
  he tried to say the opposite . 
  at least their people had a republic . 
  nothing to be happy about . 
  sarkozy is not much better than le pen . 
  edit : did i say something wrong ? 
  sarkozy is much better than le pen ? 
  his 7 legal cases probably do n't count . 
  is being pro/anti germany the only matter of dispute in all european elections now ? 
  because i edited after your comment i 'll put it here too : sarcasm is a proof by contradiction . 
  you do n't understand sarcasms ? 
  do i have to explain them ? 
  france is not pro-reform . 
  france is not being more nice to the the most vulnerable parts of the populations than other european countries . 
  got it now ? 
  sarcasm is a proof by contradiction and is great to show how absurd an argument is . 
  like claiming france is willing to reform and is better with its people than the rest of the eu . 
  oh sure , france is pro-reform . 
  there has been so many reforms in the past few years !, 
  and when there is one , it goes so smoothly , without much protest !, 
  yeah , indeed , france is working hard on reforming itself . 
  now about `` cutting the benefits of the most vulnerable parts of the populations to compensate for a part of the most wealthy '' . 
  yeah right , people are so much more equal in france than in sweden , germany , etc. 
  those poor countries have lost their soul to evil capitalism . 
  well , i do n't disagree . 
  i 'm not sure why you are replying to me :p . 
  that 's why i said :  so since you said we should be skeptics of the ongoing reforms because they may not be `` all good '' , i reply we should be skeptics of the bad criticisms . 
  skepticism is double-edged sword . 
  1/1 , back to the start . 
  one is always skeptical of the things he disagree with . . 
  he did n't imply that any kind of reform is good . 
  he only said there should be a will for reforms . 
  you 're setting up a strawman and it 's dishonest ( it 's funny when you can copy/paste a comment and that replies to the comment itself is n't it ? ) . 
  will to reform is 1st step . 
  then the next questions is what reforms ? 
  while pretending we need skepticism because not all reforms are necessarily `` progress and all good '' , you actually aim for the ongoing european reforms you disagree with ( `` no need to even specify what reforms he 's referring to , we all know '' ) . 
  so since you said we should be skeptics of the ongoing reforms because they may not be `` all good '' , i reply we should be skeptics of the bad criticisms . 
  skepticism is double-edged sword . 
  1/1 , back to the start . 
  can we stop pretending that all these suggested so-called `` reforms '' are synonymous to decline and all bad ? 
  a little bit of scepticism please . 
  so now you mix the tables . 
  why not . 
  the poorest in 2012 ( 1150 ) are near 8 % more poor than the poorest in 2008 ( 1247 ) . 
  which is different than saying the poorest lost income , but whatever , even there you fail . 
  take the 10th decile now . 
  86 034 in 2008 , 60 727 in 2012 . 
  that 's 30 % less . 
  please continue . .
