  you should ask yourself why this cash is leaving the country . 
  when you regularly threaten to default , you should n't expect investors to throw more cash in . 
  that 's basic common sense . 
  this is a direct consequence of the government closing the banks because they could n't even decide if they would pay their debt or not . 
  they achieved nothing ( not even less austerity ) , although they certainly helped the economy get worse . 
  is this a way to say the drop is n't that big ? 
  here is what the recently installed government achieved : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-manufacturing-pmi.png?s=greecemanpmi&amp;lbl=0&amp;d1=20110101&amp;d2=20151231, 
  sorry guys . 
  that just makes me want to buy more `` made in germany/spain '' just so that those fuckers get even more broke . 
  that 's still only 400 . 
  butlers ' butlers have their own butlers too i guess ? 
  since the government keeps replying positively to the vandalism , expect more to come . . 
  wow , i did n't know that . 
  what were the reasons ? 
  fear of ww3 ? 
  i did n't make the graph so i ca n't edit it , but i agree , a rebased gdp comparison with more countries , especially other `` pigs '' , would be interesting . 
   per capita gdp growth was almost the same across all the countries , because germany 's population fell in that time period while greece 's grew . 
  in fact , greece grew slower per capita than germany . 
  wrong . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-gdp-per-capita.png?s=grcnygdppcapkd&amp;d1=19990101&amp;d2=20151231&amp;url2=/germany/gdp-per-capita&amp;title=false look at the scales . 
  i got the graph without the article but i 'll try to find it if there is one . 
  do n't worry though , i checked and it 's consistent with data from tradeeconomics . 
   * raise taxes and cut spending , which inevitably leads to * the greek economy contracting , which means , * greece does n't make enough money , which means ... 
  it 's pretty stupd to think this way . 
  with that logic , you would never raise taxes , cut spending , but on the contrary , reduce taxes , and make unlimited spending !, 
  fascinating plan . 
  cutting spending does n't reduce income more than it reduces spending , so it does n't fall into some kind of `` infinite loop '' . 
  that only exists in the rethoric of the people who wants zero cut spending . 
  ez takes decisions which fit its interests . 
  same for the imf . 
  the imf will only lend money if it thinks it will get it back , while the ez also has political factors to take into accounts . 
  german or greek leaders , do their best to take the decisions that are not going against what their people want . 
  both probably take rational decisions , it just depends from which point of view you look at them . 
   outside the ez people are much more sympathetic to the greeks come on , they are not being more sympathetic ou unsympathetic . . 
  they are just doing their maths and taking rational decisions which fit their interests . 
  and it 's not them offering a cut , so it 's pretty easy to ask for it ... 
  nothing `` sympathetic '' . 
  i 'm not defending this point of view , i 'm just summarizing the leftists position ;d . none of this makes sense to me , but eh , i 'm not the most fitting one to defend their position . 
  that 's the part where you ask for `` solidarity '' . 
  they are quite ambivalent . 
  when it 's abroad , most of them approve reforms . 
  when it 's at home , reforms are annoying . 
  if i understand them well , old debt/deficit were made by corrupted politicians , but now they want to invest more money into the economy ( so more `` legit '' spending ) to help gdp grow and fix the debt later ... 
   the leftists and nationalists seems to be the majority . 
  melenchon , communists and ps 's left wing are like ~ 10 % , maybe 15 , right wing souverainists ( fn , dupont-aignant , etc. ), 
  around ~ 25 . 
  the rest ( ps , center , ripoux ) are definitely not blaming germany . 
  and in every poll we get about merkel , she gets high approval rating . 
   france are now blaming germany for their shitty economies mostly the leftists/nationalists . 
  most people though recognize germany as a responsible state which made reforms long time ago ( although somehow the same reforms ca n't be made in france ... ) , and merkel is actually way more popular than hollande and most french politicians . 
  again , it 's not just transfer union europe needs . 
  it 's transfer union and policy union . 
  that 's not specific to greece . 
  i 'm all for that , but if poorer countries want transfer union , they will have to accept policy union and stop whinning about their sovereignity being hurt . 
  if you accept what mediapart says at face value ( especially from `` an insider '' ) , sure , europe sucks and we should transition to the argentinian model asap . 
  by eu i mena the eu institutions and the state leaders . 
  obviously they strongly disagree with the greek gov at the moment . 
  you can hardly agree with both . 
  does n't mean i 'm anti-greek or others anti-europe . 
  discussions are sometimes pretty heated about the greek issue but even pro-ue receive very aggressive comments , it 's not just one side . 
  i was told : `` lets hope you spend the next 5 years out of a job feeling hungry and seeing other people binge eating indifferent to your plight '' . 
  and i have n't seen a specific bad treatment toward greeks in / r/europe ?!, 
  what the hell ? 
   remember also that much of the situation in greece had been factored in some markets . 
  [ factored or not , we are nowhere near 5y low . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/finance?cid=14199910 )  the portuguese debt is known not to be sustainable . 
  [ 3.13 % for the 10y bond , is not bad . 
  ] ( http://www.investing.com/rates-bonds/portugal-10-year-bond-yield ) portugal lenders do n't seem as worried as you are . 
  it was even `` all-time '' low , before the little bump due to greece . 
  greece must be a unique case where austerity kills gdp . 
  a phenomenon that ca n't be reproduced in other european countries . 
  strange . 
  but i 'm sure triggering a capital flight and closing the banks for weeks will help recover their economy !, 
  18 countries agree , 1 is being a bitch . 
  who should get the blame if negotiations fail ? 
  european will lose money . 
  so what ? 
  banks wo n't collapse because they are not involved in the greek debt anymore . 
  no dominoes fall . 
  tsipras ' dog ate his homework . 
  that does n't contradict the fact that reformed sgp is meant to avoid another greek-like crisis . 
  stability and growth pact is not emergency measures . 
  there are the european stability mechanism since 2012 and the stability and growth pact , which has been strengthened in 2010 if i remember well . 
  that wo n't help with greece , cause its problems are older , and i do n't know if it 's enough , but there has been progress . 
  there has n't been such discussion with italy or spain yet . 
  how could there be `` the same discussion again '' ? 
  it was n't a man trying to provide a better life for his family , but a state . 
  i guess , compared to what their competences should be , both were absolute idiots and both were equally responsible for it . 
  if you ca n't explain what your video says , it means you did n't understand it . 
  i too have a degree in computer science and am not an economic expert . 
   austerity shrinks gdp and makes debts bigger and yields greater . 
  as i explained in my above comment , that makes 0 sense . 
  how a reduction of 20 % of the spending of the government can trigger 30 % gdp shrink ? 
  math does n't add up at all here . 
  and why does that happen in greece only ? 
  ireland , italy , etc. 
  did n't lose 3 $ of gdp for every $ they spared . 
  i hate debating with videos . 
  make your point here and if that sounds interesting i will watch the video . 
  greek debt is already viable .
