  if finland has a manageable debt today , it 's because you have managed your spending quite well so far ( even with a high public budget ) . 
  austerity by itself does n't bring growth . 
  it just helps having a healthier debt which wo n't explode when you actually need more public money . 
   roflmao wtf lol bbq . 
  [ incredibly creative offensives i ended up removing ] . 
  i did n't even bother to read after that . 
  if you ca n't control your feelings on reddit , just do n't comment . 
  or create your own subreddit where only yourself can comment . 
  did n't say they should get a surplus . 
  just said that even with a surplus , it 's always good to reduce inefficient spending . 
  it 's only more urgent when you have a ( high ) deficit . 
  but sure , if the goal is only to reach 0 deficit , your solution would also work . 
   it cuts the most efficient of all spending which is social spending this is highly doubtful . 
  social spending does not create anything . 
  infratructure spending on the other hand , helps production . 
  your source only compare social spendings . 
  of course , among social spendings , one social spending is the most efficient . 
  now compare that with other growth oriented investments . 
  they have a  3 % deficit . 
  it 's not super alarming yet , but it 's better to change things before it actually becomes really unsubstainable . 
  economycally , it would even make sense to do that when they have 30 % surplus . 
  cut inefficient spending and spend everything on investments for the future . 
  current deficit/surplus and debt , only makes it more urgent , but it does n't change the fact that you have to reduce inefficient spending as much as possible , and increase investments which create things . 
  agree . 
  so why keynesians say it 's dangerous for the economy to get rid off unsubstainable spending ? 
  somehow , keynesians argue you should not create more inefficient deficit , but at the same time , it does n't make sense to them to reduce existing inefficient deficit ? 
  please , someone fix that contradiction . 
  the plan here is not to cut stimulus . 
  see : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lj3jn/a_widespread_antiausterity_strike_in_finland_has/cv6s6fi that 's nothing like a stimulus . 
  just some regular day to day spending which do n't create much value . 
   in my opinion austerity is nothing but a way to transfer wealth from the average citizens to already rich people . 
  how is not spending money you do n't have , giving money to the rich ? 
   the problem is that while at your home cutting spending and increasing income may seem like a good strategy to balance the books , it is n't on a macro-economics level ; because you are making people poorer , and by making people poorer you are a ) fucking your future and b ) destroying every economic benefit austerity might have given you . 
  right now , countries with deficit are making people richer than are supposed to be . 
  austerity only tries to come back to a normal level . 
  not making people more rich or poor than they should be . 
  by advocating against reducing spending ( while being on deficit ) , you basically defend giving people more money in a unsubstainable way . 
  austerity is not about taking money from the people , it 's only about stoping spending money that does n't exist . 
  just the right balance . 
  if you are over , you need to go down , pretty simple logic . 
  the opposite is just some stupid : `` keep spend artificial money now , think about it later '', 
  sure they can invest money , as long as it 's good spending . 
  spending for unjustified social advantages though , is n't sustainable . 
  it may be substainable a bit longer when you have a small debt , but it 's still the same issue in the long term . 
  and here they are not cutting investment spending . 
  i would even advise them to increase them if they can !, 
  they need new companies to replace nokia and all . 
  is he a nobel prize winner ? 
  you 've got to get more than 4 economists to say `` all economists ever condamn austerity '' . 
  and about friedmand , it 's pretty hard to count him as anti-austerity . 
  the us were n't as 10 % deficit and 100 % debt at that time , so sure , you could just wait for inflation to eat up the deficit . 
  once for all ( i have repeated that billions of times :( , 10 % deficit has never been sustainable in history , so it has to reduced , and that comes with fiscal multiplier . 
  the extra 10 % gdp financed with debt was n't healthy at all . 
  what i expect from austerity is to control the deficit/debt spiral , and it does that , so that in the next decades , public debt bubble wo n't make the economy collapse again . 
  look at deficit charts . 
  austerity does its job . 
   blabla you know nothing blabla all your non-sense can be simplified into : make people richer by spending debt-money , get a bright future , profit !, 
  ( and forget about debt ) make people as rich as you want , as long as it 's sustainable . 
  with deficit , it 's not sustainable . 
  they will be rich until they will be poor because you ca n't borrow public money anymore . 
  that 's it , period . 
  common sense . 
  it 's at 97.7 % gdp . . 
  krugman and stiglitz do n't make up for `` every economist with a nobel prize ever '' . 
  they are just more vocal than others . 
  for example , the last one , french , is absolutely not anti-austerity . 
  so , we all agree that to have an efficient economy , governments need to get rid off economicaly inefficient spending . 
  that 's all austerity is about . 
  giving superfluous money ( even if labelled as `` social '' ) to people is not more economicaly efficient than building useless highways . 
   how every reputable economist aka , `` every economist i agree with '' . 
  so every economist that is against austerity , says austerity is bullshit . 
  austerity 's goal is only to make the economy more stable , prevent bubbles and yet another crisis , and gives the government some capabilities when coming through a later unexpected crisis . 
  it 's pretty hard or even impossible to make a short-term recovery plan when you are at  100 % debt ( because nobody will lend you more monopoly money ) . 
  if you managed to keep it below 60 % though , you have way more power to make investments . 
  let 's maintain our quality of life with monopoly money and postpone payments to next years !, 
  and then live like somalians because no more monopoly cash . . / s, 
  who cares about deficit and public debt . 
  you confused `` austerity '' and miracle solution . 
  or did anyone say austerity would bring 10 % growth , 5 % unemployment only , within 5 years following a big crisis ? 
  ( a crisis due to unmanaged debt ), 
  how do you save an economy ? 
  inject plenty of debt money , cross fingers , and hope it will create +10 % growth before public debt explode ? 
  is n't that exactly what the pigs countries were doing before they went bankrupt ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you were already an eu skeptic 3 weeks ago . 
  your article is from 2014 . 
  that 's a bit older than 3 weeks . 
  and your article only talks about suspicions . 
  i tried to find more on the matter , but could n't find much . 
  south stream was cancelled by . . russians !, 
  if you ca n't accept distribution of refugees , i 'm not sure how you can be a federalist . 
  blaming the eu for bad economy in romania ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm not sure how they can make a coalition out of this election . . 
  provide some material at least . 
  of course you can contest statistics , but you have to provide something . 
  you ca n't just say : statistics are not about real economy . 
  real economy is shit . 
  point . 
  until you give , the best way to get an overview of an economy is with statistics . 
  between your own personal feeling and statistics , i believe the statistics .
