  at least most countries are responsible enough to reform themselves without the rest of the eu having to remind them systematically . 
  i do n't think the problem only comes from politicians . . protest from people and corporations are systematic for every single reform . 
  that 's the typical view in france . 
  we are being bullied by europe but fortunately we are `` smart enough '' to do as we want . 
  sigh . . 
  reforms wo n't happen soon . 
  edit : [ same topic ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/2zw6kp/france_is_europes_big_problem_warns_mario_monti/ ) in / r/france . . 
  the numbers you draw the `` poorest households lost relatively strongest '' conclusion from are in the 2nd table ( `` this is evident when one assigns the households according to their income deciles in 2012 '' ) . 
  for the 347 % , just read the goddamn table . 
  that 's 347 % . 
  it 's right there , in front of you , page 34 . 
  you use a report and them you call it `` absurd '' and `` bullshit '' . 
  and why is it absurd . . 
  going from 1247 to 5575 is not an extraordinary achievement , but in fact , it 's not what i would call becoming more poor . 
  i ca n't do anything more to help you here . 
  i give up . 
   in an universe where everyone get richer ( possible because economy is not a zero sum game ) , the poorest of 2012 are richer than the poorest in 2008 . 
  that 's not what i asked for . 
  the poorest of 2012 ca n't have earned more than the poorest of 2008 in the meantime . 
  as long as you ca n't disprove that ( which is impossible ) , the point claiming that `` poorest households of 2012 lost more than others '' is irrelevant because always true . 
  for greece , france , north korea and even mars !, 
  maybe not in the 5th dimension though . 
  i was going to make another boring comment but fuck it , you will just stick to `` whatever , some guy said ` poorest households lost relatively strongest ' , and i want to believe them '' no matter what the data shows . 
  so i 'll just make things very simple . 
  all the numbers you quote are from the second table on page 34 . 
  which is pretty irrelevant . 
  this table shows that the poorest households in 2012 , are the ones that lost the most since 2008 . 
  no shit . 
  the opposite would be : the new poorest households earned more than others . 
  i wonder in which universe that could possibly happen . 
  mathematically it 's like proving : a1 < b1 ( 2008 ) x < y ( income difference , y being greater income difference ) b2 = b1 + y ( poorest in 2012 ) a2 = a1 + x ( others in 2012 ) b2 < a2 ( 2012 ) average people are now poorer than the former poorer households while having earned more !, 
  that 's magic ! ... 
  i 'm done with this retarted discussion . 
  ps : before you downvote me , let me know in which universe the new poorest households earned more than others . 
  edit : oops , i mixed up the formulas . 
  fixed . 
   and to get onto the airplane you need a ticket , so noone will push these immigrants back and forth between airports , that 's total nonsense . 
  try going to a country where you are not welcomed . 
  will see if they mind getting that return ticket for you . 
  at best you just leave all immigrants at the airport , great . 
  you ca n't just send people to a foreign country without an arrangement and hope they will just take them . 
  be serious for 1sec . . 
   did it not register to both of you that not only would there would be no crisis at all but possibly an economic boom and thus how is that even possible ? 
  how come the fact that the rich 's income decreased more than the poor 's , is supposed to mean an economic boom ? 
  i guess you misunderstood us as saying people all had their income increased from 2008 to 2012 , but that 's absolutely not what we ( and the report ) said . 
  not even remotely close . 
   furthermore , the article is merely a translation from the summary of boeckler themselves : http://www.boeckler.de/cps/rde/xchg/hbs/hs.xsl/52614_53364.htm[1] nope , it 's not . 
  you must be in a very bad faith to claim so . 
  edit : seriously , just look at the damn data , i even gave you the exact page . 
  i 'm baffled people ca n't understand such a simple table . 
  you guys are really ready to use any non-sense when it comes to match reality with your opinion no matter what your own sources say . 
  i feel like talking to some hardcore religious people . 
  somehow , there is always an interpretation that will prove them right . 
  edit2 : btw , thanks for the link . 
  i 'll definitely use it again when some leftist comes again with the imaginative european oppression of the greek poorer households . 
  for anyone else : http://www.boeckler.de/pdf/p_imk_study_38_2015.pdf page 34 . 
  ahah , pretty funny when people draw their own biased conclusions from a report demonstrating the exact opposite . 
  now wait for the redditors bandwagon to jump in this thread and comment how europe is bad with greece because of the title . 
  i guess that 's the purpose of immigration detention centers . 
  maybe we should have more of them , i do n't know though if it 's feasible to keep all immigrants in there for ever . 
   allowing illegal immigrants to sit in calais stealing and damaging property is no solution at all . 
  and that 's what france is doing - nothing to solve the problem even though they got all the power required to stop this proceeder from continuing . 
  nobody is saying this is the solution . 
  but the solution you give , although ideal in theory , does n't work in practice . 
  how do you force them admitting where they are from ? 
  and come on , you ca n't kick them out to a random african country . 
  that country will just kick them back to where they just came from , ie france . 
  airports would be full of immigrants being kicked forth and back between random countries , ahah , the mess . 
  if you want to send them to a 3rd country , like australia does with papua new guinea , you need an arrangement with them . 
  could maybe be a solution , maybe not , i 'm not sure what 's the price and the consequences for that kind of agreement with a random african country . 
  damn those balkan countries . 
  i 'm sorry albania , kosovo and serbia . 
  is n't it just because they speak english ? 
  you ca n't kick them out if you do n't officially know where they are from . 
  you ca n't send them to ethiopia or anywhere else just because you believe they are from there . 
  you can only displace them within the country , but that does n't help much . 
  a majority of european democracies support not giving unconditional and unlimited assistance to greece . 
  ahhh democracy . 
  such a nice but meaningless word . 
  looking at the operating budgetary balance , it 's funny how the three countries that receive the most ( poland , hungary , greece ) are the three that are currently giving the most troubles to the eu . 
   i do n't recall anything yeah , it 's a common occurrence after drinking too much :o), 
  trump said a billion retarded things , and one intelligent thing . 
  hum . . still a crazy buffoon . 
  only a tiny less . 
  you mean they did n't all let him do just as he wanted ? 
  wow , how is that possible ? 
  did i say anywhere that being anti-chavez always make a good politician ? 
  no , but thanks for replying anyway . 
  being pro-chavez sure makes a bad politician though . 
  europe does n't need pro-chavez politicians . 
  and she is one . 
  edit : go ahead and google translate that https://twitter.com/chtaubira/status/309063488020561921 edit2 : so guys , am i only being downvoted because you like chavez ? 
  not really . 
  but if it was the case , i highly doubt russia would let them go . 
  oh so if someone pays for it , russia would let crimea have another referendum to leave ? 
  but only reforms that wo n't affect anyone negatively . 
  just free money for everyone please . 
  true . 
  as it is it 's hardly possible to get an agreement with the unions , any useful reform would have to be made without the unions but it 'd be a bloody mess . 
  well , either people actually do something to prove their citizenship , or they get deported to the country that is the most likely to be theirs ( can only blame themselves if they end up 2000km from their hometown ) .
