  http://www.wikiwand.com/en/2008%e2%80%9315_spanish_financial_crisis  spain entered the crisis period with a relatively modest public debt of 36.2 % of gdp . 
  this was largely due to ballooning tax revenue from the housing bubble , which helped accommodate a decade of increased government spending without debt accumulation . 
  basically , spain was financing itself on a bubble instead of bonds . 
  bubble explode =  suden high deficit . 
  this is not a fight to win an argument . 
  at least that 's not how i consider it . 
  i 'll read the `` evidence '' you gave later , peacefully . 
  i do n't care if social spending is actually more efficient or not , i 'll figure that out by myself later . 
  if the evidence clearly proves it is , alright !, 
  i do n't feel the need to prove the evidence is wrong or right . 
  if you are not interested in continuing the reasoning , alright , that 's perfectly fine . 
  sometimes you get contradictory evidence/reasoning , and one must be wrong ( either one ) . . 
  it 's better when you can get consistent evidence and reasoning . 
  you need to explain evidence with reasoning . 
  anyway , if you are willing to continue , it seems it 's not really clear yet ( especially on the costs ) . 
  so i will simply the example even further . . 
  forget about the costs . 
  i ask you a cost-free service . 
  it only requires some labour . 
  like , please , extract some clay , bare hands . 
  so , here we are , you do some clay extraction and i give you 5 $ . 
  more money and value . 
  now with costs . 
  i give you 10 000 $ to build a machine and do the clay extraction . 
  you will spent 9 000 $ to buy a machine from a factory . 
  the factory will spent 4 000 $ in salaries , and 5 000 $ to get a supply of material . 
  the supplier will spent 1 000 $ in salaries , and spent 4 000 $ on tools to get the material . 
  the tools manufacturer will spent 2 000 $ in salaries , and 2 000 $ on material , etc. 
  ( less and less are spent on material ) until you reach the bottom level where people are basically extracting things bare hand ( in some third-world country ) or using some old existing machines which cost nothing more . 
  did the money disappear ? 
  it just trickles down : https://www.wikiwand.com/en/trickle-down_economics, 
  another comment in case you miss the edit in the existing comment . 
  i 'll give you a very simple example : - you have 10 $ . 
  - i can just give you 5 $ right away , and you will then have 15 $ . 
  or - i give you 5 $ only after you extract some rocks for me . 
  in both cases you end up with more money for consumption . 
  but only in the second case , you actually created value ( rocks extraction ) in the process . 
   come on , this is just bad math . 
  if you distribute x $ to the population , then the population gets x $ in their bank account . 
  if you spend x $ ( you have to use the same total state expenditure to make a fair comparison ) , you do not end up with x $ in people 's bank account , because a portion of those x $ is gone to pay for the production machines and other capital goods . 
  you do n't create a magical double-spend if you buy infrastructure . 
  of course you end up with x $ in bank accounts . 
  you think the money disappear ? 
  government pay contractors , which pay subcontractors/suppliers , which pay other subcontractors/suppliers , and all of them are paying salaries . 
  the money always remain in the economy . 
  the money does n't just burn and disappear , it just moves from one hand to another . 
  you end up with as much money stock as if you just gave it away . 
  money stock never goes down , unless the central bank decides to . 
  there is n't some accountant which goes : ok , today i burn the 10 000 $ we have in our account !, 
  just forget for one second the fact that poor people will spend their money ( so does everyone with more money ) . 
  you have to understand that money always remain in the economy , and that it will always be useful for consumption . 
  if you really think cash disappears , please tell me exactly at which point and how does the money simply technically evaporate ? 
   the wikipedia article has a source , cited at the end of the paragraph i linked you to . 
  the source is the paper detailing the findings , which wikipedia summarizes . 
  it 's citation [ 7 ] ; this is the paper . 
  the table i screenshotted for you is on page 3 of this paper . 
  you should have pointed to that first  . 
  i 'll read it a bit later . 
  for now i 'll just try to make clear why i think social spending is less efficient . 
  when you distribute money , you end up with nothing more than people with + x $ in their bank account . 
  sure , then they will consume with it . 
  on the other hand , when you pay people to build things ( production machines and all ) , you end with new valuable things for economy and + x $ in people 's bank account ( which they can use for consumption as well ) . 
  see the difference ? 
  in one case , you only distributed cash , in the other one , you distributed cash in a way that encouraged people to contribute to the economy . 
  see how this is more efficient that just giving cash away ? 
  my example with the useless highway was only meant to say : you can also finance useless projects to help consumption . 
  the money does n't disappear in the process . 
  i compare social spending to spending money on useless projects . 
  economically i mean , because of course socially/morally , this is much more valuable . 
  but who knows , maybe your paper will completely change the way i thought about it :o), 
  what i mean is that the deficit is only injecting money that does not exist . 
  so , people have more money than they are supposed to . 
  before deficit , they had for example 10 000 $ , and after , they have 15 000 $ and 5 000 $ in public debt . 
  people spend money like they have those 15 000 $ , although there are 5 000 $ that have to be repaid . 
  without deficit , people would only have 10 000 $ . 
  nothing specific about portugal . 
  all countries with a deficit ( even more so when deficit is high ) , are actually adding artificial money to the economy . 
  france does the same . 
   it 's not `` highly doubtful '' because you say so . 
  then i proceeded to explain why i find it `` highly doubtful ''   social spending absolutely creates things : it creates consumption ( since poor people tend to spend what money they have to improve their standard of living ) , which creates everything else . 
  food stamps get spent on food , giving a job to the cashier , the store manager , the stock boy , the truck driver , the packager , the fruit sorter , another truck driver , the farmer , the guy building his tractor and on and on , including all the guys that build the infrastructure that all of the others use . 
  so does any money injected into economy . 
  build a new useless highway ? 
  that creates nothing of value , but the money that was spent will also be used in consumption . 
  social money only helps consumption , it does n't create anything by itself . 
  on the other hand , if you invest on a new fency super high tech center , you actually create something valuable for the economy , and you also help consumption ( cause the money spent on that project will be consumed by everyone that was paid making the project ) . 
   no , it really does n't . 
  have you actually read it ? 
  this the summary table from page 3 . 
  it includes precisely the increased infrastructure spending that you mentioned . 
  are you sure your image is from the link you gave ? 
  i ca n't find it in the wikipedia page . . ? 
  and what is page 3 ? 
  it 's a wikipedia article , it has no pages . . ? 
   by the way , opponents of austerity are n't opposed to infrastructure spending . 
  quite the contrary , in general they are very much in favour of it . 
  it has a good fiscal multiplier and new , improved and expanded infrastructure is needed in many countries . 
  i know . 
  my point was simply to say that austerity is not simply about cutting all spending . 
  there are good and bad spending .
