  good to know . 
  so i guess the interventions of the ecb were justified so far , as inflation was below 0 , but now that he went back a little bit above , the ecb should not do more . 
  those are all good reasons , but to be honest , the ecb is also supposed to avoid deflation and even has a 2 % inflation target . 
  the ecb is pressed between opposite obligations . 
   mostly german corporate bonds , for now . 
  not true : https://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/implement/omt/html/index.en.html see the `` breakdown of debt securities under the pspp '' table . 
  in fact nowhere in the report it is said that the eu encouraged car industry to cheat . 
   absence or lack of transparency in surveillance and control tests from the public authorities on the emissions of the mass produced cars sold in the eu constitute an incitation to fraud and must absolutely be corrected . 
  but eh , the eu is the perfect scapegoat . 
  edit : actually this part is already in the article . 
  but of course , i actually just found out that euobserver is affiliated with an eurosceptic group : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euobserver the `` blame everything on eu '' game is getting ridiculous . 
  if all states were sufficiently organized , i would see no reason not to have a unique currency in the world . 
  the problem is that many states are too weak ( corruption , not strong political unity , disorganized , . . ) to apply the needed measures , and would rather just use simple mechanics like the currency . 
  and your article does not contradict that . 
  states that are too politically weak can only use regular devaluation , but internal devaluation is still preferable . 
  the eu is at fault for not understanding that some states were not sufficiently organized to handle internal devaluation and their economy as a whole . 
  the problem is not having multiple countries sharing a unique currency , but having included states that were n't ready to use other tools that are anyway better than simple devaluation . 
  and even if you want to help the economy and spread the pain at the same time , there are plenty of more direct and probably more fair ways to help the poor rather than just letting a floating currency do the job . 
  ps : i prefer to make another comment in case you miss my edit, 
   but external devaluation is a way of spreading the pain whereas internal devaluation has more obvious and immediate victims true , but then it is less interesting for investors , which is quite contradictory when trying to help the economy . 
  external devaluation helps on the short term ( cheap exports ) , but not on the long term ( lack of investments ) . 
  all the money that is likely to leave the country if greece for example leave the euro , would n't have come into greece at all if greece never joined the eu , because the drachma would have then be riskier . 
  so yes , greece would have had cheaper exports , but not much investments . 
  economically , it makes more sense to devalue internally , for cheaper exports without scaring off the investments . 
  politically and socially , external devaluation does in fact spreads the pain , but when the economy is in turmoil , do you first think about how to make the economy work again , or reduce inequalities ? 
  and when the economy is already good , do you first think about how to make the economy even better the investors , or reduce inequalities ? 
  priorities usually depend on the current situation . 
  and of course they are many other reasons to invest in a country , but all things equal , a country with a stable currency will get more investments than with an unstable currency . 
  devaluation would have been spontaneous , and thus easy to apply . 
  yes . 
  it still does not mean it 's better than internal devaluation . 
  greece also profits from the stability of its currency and the attractiveness of the euro . 
  if investments were made in drachma , the risk would be much greater because the money could n't be easily transferred in other parts of the eurozone , and the drachma is more likely to fluctuate a lot than the currency of a big area . 
  so basically , internal devaluation achieves the same goal as external devaluation ( cheaper products to export ) , while keeping the benefits of a currency shared with others ( more stable and open to other economical areas ) . 
  i believe external devaluation is a populist solution because it 's `` easy '' / simplistic and hides the disadvantages . 
  somehow some people think that external devaluation does not affect salaries like internal devaluation does and people remain as rich as before . 
  which of course is wrong . 
  many things have an effect on currency . 
  like qe programmes for examples , or even just a simple political comment . 
  i never said we should forbid everything that has an effect on currency , otherwise we should freeze the world as it is now . 
  only that directly manipulating the currency for something that can be achieved by other means , is counter productive . 
  the ecb is still not playing with the currency just to increase exports . 
  it tries to avoid deflation . 
  do you have a suggestion for an alternative solution for that ? 
  internal devaluation is the alternative solution to currency rate manipulation . 
  and what about internal devaluation ? 
  playing with the currency , up and down , is not how you build a stable economy . 
  the problem is that most of the non mainstream political parties lie , manipulate and deceive a lot more . 
  i 'd rather have 2 centuries of current mainstream political parties rather than crazy populists from ukip , 5 stars , podemos , fn , ... 
  this does n't make any sense at all . 
  they should also purge the postmen . 
  who knows what kind of coup those evil civil servants can prepare . 
  and yet they only replace the existing establishment with another establishment . . that 's basically what populists do . . 
  we systematically do n't trust any president/government 4 years after they were elected . 
  i do n't expect anything else than denial from brexiters . 
  it 's what they have always done and will always do . 
  it makes more sense with percentages . 
  44 % of british exports goes to the eu , while 8 % of eu exports goe to uk . 
  the people that think uk can suddenly force eu to accept a better deal , are disillusioned . 
  and the eu has no need to punish the uk . 
  they will just make sure the uk does n't get a better deal nor a worse one . 
  the uk will lose all influence in the eu , will see its economy become worried and slow down , will lose years and renegotiating everything , and finally wo n't get anything better than before . 
  so worth it . 
  by better integration . 
  when you have a conflict with someone you want to keep working/trading with , you try to discuss and improve your relation , not clash the door and say fuck you i 'm off . 
  i disagree with that . 
  sweden , that 's impressive . 
  i never imagined there was so few municipalities in what is not a small country . 
  always the same story . 
  the eu and the germans responsible and supposed to pay for the incompetent governments greece had . 
  greece would have been fucked without the financial help it received from the eu , and that 's why even syriza accepted it , instead of going free of its `` oppressors '' . 
  the problem is indeed that nobody thought about it before . 
  who would be responsible for taking care of brexit ? 
  that 's the problem with referendums , they are always incomplete and never make sense in the end . 
  there is no answer to bad questions . 
  ok . who does it ? 
  when ? 
  how ? 
  nobody knows . 
  some people see referendums as perfect democracy , but it 's actually a very mediocre kind of democracy . 
  representing the people who voted for him by never attending his committee ? 
  exactly this . 
  when i say i 'm disappointed by uk for taking such a stupid decision , it 's not meant to be read as `` i 'm disappointed by 100 % of the brits '' . 
  it 's just easier to say `` the uk '' instead of `` 51.9 % of the uk citizens , mostly the seniors '' . 
  indeed , i 'm pretty sure there is no legal way for forcibly eject a country , and i prefer it like that . 
  but the eu and its countries can still informally ask uk to take responsibility and gtfo . 
  the brexit and now the `` no need for haste '' is ridiculous . 
  the brexiteers now have to assume the consequences of their choice and leave asap . 
  or brexit will turn into a brejection . 
  we should thank the brits for scarifying themselves and showing the world what are the real consequences of leaving the eu . 
  hope to see you back one day though . 
  united kingdom is not united . 
  pretty sure scotland will leave asap . 
  populism is a hell of a drug . 
  wow , england ( uk wo n't be anymore ) in the hands of farage and boris . 
  good luck with that . 
  usual leftists throwing their point of view everywhere like it 's a fact and everybody agrees with them . 
  lol . 
  sarkozy is way worse than hollande . 
  hollande is just bad at his job , while sarkozy is a full crook .
