  and yet his best idea is to give companies 2000 $ per new employee . . 
   i do n't like podemos hum  and by far podemos have done much more good for the spanish population since they are holding power on big cities than the ones accusing them did in 30 years they had the power to do it . 
  sorry but to bring venezuela back but what 's podemos position toward venezuela ? 
  your podemos fanboyism is showing . 
  picture 3 . 
  slip on a rock and you fall 200 meters down to the ocean . 
  that sounds really cool . 
  i 'm almost thinking of learning to play eu4 just to join . 
  never played it before although i 've played ck2, 
  sometimes you need a good fire to restart from scratch . 
  let pis fuck up the country for 4 years , and then poland will be immune to retard parties for 200 years . 
  tell your friend to give me a better article in english next time . 
  used google translate and it says `` minister of regional development el\u017cbieta bie\u0144kowska '' . 
  anyway , i tried finding another article in english on the matter , and ca n't find any . 
  so i 'm left with just a polish article from wprost which i ca n't even read . 
  great source . 
  i do n't speak polish . . but from what i could understand with google translate , this is just a claim by someone from the government ... definitely not a good source . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/budget/mycountry/pl/index_en.cfm 3.29 % of your gni , only due to the eu . 
  and you better have good sources to explain that most of it is actually going into germany . 
  are you really suggesting maduro/chavez policies improve living standards ? 
   as you said , if turkey would top all the measures and grades it needs to enter , it still would n't accepted and the majority of the turkish population begins to realize that . 
  really ? 
  turkey has only fulfilled 1 of the 35 chapters for accession , and you are already concluding that eu would n't take turkey even if all criteria were met ? 
  i was joking  well , only about the `` that chart looks suspicious to me '' part . 
  if it worsen the daily life of someone ( e.g. 
  increasing discrimination/anger toward a community ) , it 's harm . 
  if it just hurts someone 's feeling , it 's offense . 
  my example from above was n't the best one actually . 
  someone could say `` france is an abomination '' on tv , it wo n't change my life . 
  the guy is just gon na get laughed at . 
  if i were homosexual and someone said `` homosexuality is an abomination '' though , some people would start disrespecting me even more . 
  that chart looks suspicious to me . 
  i was just told by a romanian on / r/europe , that france is a shit country . 
  edit : what ? 
  do n't believe me ? 
   i can see how directly inciting violence may be restricted . 
  but this ? 
  it 's not directly inciting to violence , but in my opinion it contributes to violence . 
  just made my comment more clear . 
  see the edit . 
  just made my comment more clear . 
  see the edit . 
  just made my comment more clear . 
  see the edit . 
  the criteria is not whether someone is being offended or not . 
  it 's whether it is actually harmful to some people . 
  who cares if someone gets offended . 
  the state does n't care though if some speeches actually harm people in their real life . 
  personally , i would n't ban that sort of speeches neither , because countries like france are n't already discriminated . 
  it 's not like the rest of the world will start attacking french because some people said it 's a shit country . 
  for minorities though , saying '' [ concept ] is shit '' is more harmful . 
  if it had no consequences , why not , but it has . 
  especially when a public figure says it on tv . 
  when it 's so poorly expressed , it 's an insult to the people that are related to that abstract concept . 
  there is many better ways to say `` i do n't appreciate [ country ] '' . 
  go tell people from random countries that their country is shit . 
  let 's see how many do n't feel insulted . 
  same thing with religion or sexuality . 
  there is a difference between criticizing and just insulting a concept . 
  i pretty much dislike everything about islam for example . 
  but i 'd never just say : `` islam is an abomination '' . 
  that 'd be retarded . 
  the thing is , it 's not a binary issue . 
  it 's not `` what you say is 100 % good/bad '' . 
  there is a big grey area . 
  we could talk endlessly about where is the limit . 
  however , some people here seem to think free speech is absolute/no limit , while i say there is a limit , somewhere in that grey area . 
  you ca n't just call to `` slippery slope '' to dismiss the need for a limit . 
  when you are a public figure and say something like that , it has real consequences . 
  it 's not only `` words '' . 
  if i were a public figure and say `` judaism is an abomination '' in front of a big audience , do you expect it to have no consequence ? 
  edit : i meant consequences for the jews . 
  repeat on tv that `` judaism is an abomination '' every couple of days . 
  and then wait for synagogues to go spontaneously on fire . 
  that being offensive or not is subjective . 
  what i mean is that it 's sole intent is to be offensive . 
  it has 0 value besides the intent to create anger . 
  why do you think insults are forbidden on reddit and many other internet boards ? 
  again , she could lead a discussion about how homosexuality is harmful to our society . 
  but just saying something is shit , is absolutely not needed . 
   france is a shit country . 
  see ? 
  it adds nothing to the discussion . 
  it 's just a attempt to offense someone , and it shows how simple minded you are . 
  i 'm pretty sure free speech can survive without that , especially when it 's targeted toward discriminated people . 
  she was n't fined because her opinion was unpopular or uncomfortable , but because it 's just an insult . 
  she has the right to say homosexuality is harmful to families or whatever , but saying homosexuality is an abomination is as relevant and offensive as saying finland ( or france  ) is a shit country . 
  you can hardly compare greece and spain . 
  spain does n't rely on eu money to survive . 
  and too big for what ? 
  you think eu countries will turn left because spain turned left ? 
  btw , wishing good luck to ciudadanos !, 
  ( i like getting downvoted by podemos fanboys ), 
  but . . they are just crossing for 2 kilometers ? 
  last time you voted for end of austerity and stay in euro . 
  what did you expect would happen ? 
  yup , both governments admitting their mistakes is the solution . 
  not gon na happen . 
  `` en toute libert\u00e9 '' ( in total freedom ) , said every conspirationist feeling rejected . 
  / r/europe : full of germans + 1,
