  that 's what the www server and the wayback machine show . 
  they show the history of how this ( the internet ) started and how it used to be . 
  can you show some of these studies ? 
  no , he is just le mast3rt tr0llzzz xxxd, 
  it 's the same in the netherlands . 
  it 's a european regulation . 
  hallo !, 
  i would try to read up on motor-forum . nl . 
  there are also plenty of bikes on marktplaats and autoscout that are already limited . 
  you got those downvotes because your comment was seriously just shit . 
  i only really care about it when news sources and other media do it . 
  they should use the real name . 
  i do n't want cnn to say `` there has been a [ thing ] in holland '' . 
  and i do get annoyed when other people use it wrong , but i can let it slip ( so to say ) . 
  our national sport teams are called `` oranje '' , we all chant `` holland '' . 
  massa did n't change his line , perez did . 
  if you do n't see that you 're probably blind . 
  and there is a best line , the racing line . 
  those lines on the track ai n't random . 
  so yes , cars basically follow each other on the same line . 
  that 's reddits vote algorithm . 
  it works on posts and on comments . 
  saying `` i 'll probably get downvoted '' does n't stop people from downvoting you . 
  only more people who do that , because that shit is annoying . 
  on the dutch tv he said it was massa 's fault . 
  to be fair , he is the only commentator we have and we watching also thought massa got to eager . 
  sort of . 
  say a post/comment gets 10 upvotes and 2 downvotes . 
  that 's 10-2 = +8 votes . 
  but reddit wo n't show +10 / -2 , it will show ( example ) +17 / -9 . 
  is still +8 votes . 
  in reality it 's much more complicated . 
  take obama 's ama , it shows around 3000 votes . 
  but it obviously has much , much more upvotes . 
  it 's kinda unrealistic a post gets 15.000 upvotes in a couple hours , so it makes it seem a lot lower to fight spambots who upvote spam . 
  that 's what people do in turns , take the turn . 
  the circuit goes left , so massa followed the circuit . 
  perez did n't . 
  that was perez his mistake . 
  edit :, 
  i obviously mean right . 
  then it 's not about preservation of evidence , but about the threat not knowing that police are police are sneaking up on him so that they can take him by surprise . 
  less than 4 % of the us prison population is in private prisons . 
  or he gets aggressive when his car hits one of those and the situation escalates . 
  there 's nothing to gain from having those bollards . 
  why does he use gears ? 
  i thought electric cars do n't have gears . 
  is it a performance thing or is that the sound from something else ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  just seems childish to me . 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
  you 're only allowed to go asian countries and sleep in 5 dollar hostels and eat local food you do n't know what it is and go alone , damned !, 
  otherwise it is n't a real vacation . 
  it does n't make you miss out on thing . 
  i 'm not missing out on skydiving by not doing it , it 's just in my line of interests . 
  it 's the same for holidays . 
  as someone said on / r/travel :, 
  `` a tourist is someone who goes on vacation to a other location . 
  a traveler is someone who goes on vacation to a other locations and feels superior about it . '', 
  we have to take action !, 
  start with english language lessons in kindergarten , force those who are 40 + to take an english exam and strip them from their citizenship if they do n't pass the 3th time , arrest those who ca n't pronounce `` fish and chips '' in a british accent . 
  together , we can beat the britons in their own language . 
  have to stay tolerant . 
  what did i just say about tolerance , damned !, 
  could n't you just go to an atm ? 
  : suddenly not casual racism but a joke . 
  is that armchair science or are there actually drivers in recent times talking about it like it 's normal ? 
  you just have to ask . 
  that 's exactly the same number as children who live in poverty . 
  it just seems that they took that number and translated it to `` do n't know where their next meal is coming from '' . 
  i 'm not saying that 1/5th in poverty is n't bad , but a does n't mean b. 
  it 's just that not knowing where your next meal is coming from sounds a lot worse . 
  probably because that 's worse then `` just '' living in poverty . 
  i 'm not saying it is n't a problem . 
  i 'm saying you ca n't say that x people live in poverty , so that means that x people do n't know what their next meal while . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  poverty is n't defined by not knowing where your next meal is coming from , it 's defined by income . 
  a large portion probably does n't know where the next meal will come from , but it is n't exactly the same as the number of children living in poverty . 
  it is . 
  living in poverty sucks , living not knowing if you can have diner tonight is dangerous . 
  it 's on a whole other level . 
  those who get the best cars also get more airtime . 
  i know more about hamilton 's performance then for example grosjean at the moment . 
  how does adblock change anything about that ? 
  it 's client based . 
  you still get the ads , you just do n't see them . 
  it 's the same as simply not clicking them . 
  how should this make me smile ? 
  according to the posters on schiphol , if you go to thailand to fuck children , you will be prosecuted in the netherlands . 
  it does n't matter that it is n't in dutch jurisdiction . 
  and it 's illegal to fight jihad . 
  if you 're going to fight a jihad , you will be part of a terrorist organization . 
  this is forbidden by dutch law and you can get your citizenship revoked . 
  shortcut naar / r/spain, 
  dat is er al. 
  that 's just retarded . 
  his family is already paying a lot of taxes , which is used for the stadiums . 
  he has an issue with how the money is spend , you do n't have to donate to something to be allowed to have issues with that . 
  if you actually read his comment , you would that this is what he hears from his family . 
  i did n't voice my opinion .
