  contact the google maps team . 
  the times i contacted them about misinformation and privacy issues they contacted me in a couple of hours and got it fixed immediately . 
  bitchslap the cunt who tough it was a good idea to sell most of our army after wwi . 
  we are not 1 country . 
  and the crisis also hit the economies very hard here . 
  take for example the netherlands and norway . 
  in norway , a second master is free . 
  but in the netherlands 2 year masters ai n't funded ( anymore ) . 
  in norway education is almost free , in the netherlands you get a loan ( cq 4000usd a year ) and if you get your diploma , you loan gets suspended ( right word ? 
  you do n't have to pay anything back ) . 
  but if you have to retake a year , you have to pay that year . 
  still way better than in de us , but there is a very big difference between the countries in europe . 
  but in me2 there was a reason for that ending . 
  since there came follow-up it was n't realistic to give everybody total different endings . 
  if they did that , me3 become to big or they had to merge some of the courses you can take together and people would still be mad . 
  and being on the titanic was also awesome , but than it sank . 
  did n't hear any survivers talking about how awesome the trip was  . 
  steam = / = origin . 
  i was n't able to play me3 in online modus thanks to a error in my origin account and it took ea 1 week before they where able to help me . 
  that things in a medium can be art , does n't automatically makes them art . 
  and even if it 's art , that does n't mean that they can lie about it . 
  imagine yourself this situation :, 
  i told a potential costumer that i would drew a penguin for them . 
  i showed him some previes ( i already drew his head ) and he decided to buy it . 
  that i just started drawing a penguin , but when i started at the feeds i decided i did n't want a penguin but a dragon . 
  so i decided to give the pinguin dragonfeets ... 
  ofourse , the consument does n't want that and he get 's mad at me . 
  and than saying `` but it 's art ! '', 
  would just make everything right ? 
  it would n't . 
  when the fleets move in on earth you see that there are multiple destiny ascendeds . 
  i know that for a guy it 's unhealthy to masturbate 3 + times a day , but i do n't know how it would work out for a female . 
  but i do n't think it 's slutty . 
  weird ? 
  maybe a little . 
  it depends on when you do it . 
  if you go to the public bathroom to start masturbating , then it would definitely be weird . 
  but if you are just alone at home , feel horny ( and there is n't a health issue ) , i do n't see a reason why you should n't do it . 
  okay , til . 
  that `` regular asari ship '' would probably still just annihilate all the ships in here way . . 
  working on it . 
  i 'm not a american , neither do we have a american-like grade system . 
  but if i would say ` seriously , are you a groep 6er ? 
  '' , nobody would understand me, 
   without issues . 
  this . 
  right here . 
  for me that 's 1 of the main issue with drm i have . 
  i ai n't able to play hawx 2 , thanks to a drm issue that makes the game crash . 
  but then i cracked it , and i was able to play the gave . 
  and that 's why i always will pirate a game if the retail version requires online authentication and a permanent connection with a authentication server . 
  i want to play my games without the need of a internet connection . 
  to me , it only causes trouble . 
  does it help against piracy ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i always bought ubisoft games , but hawx 2 was my last one . 
  at least until they stop using this drm-monster . 
  are we talking about the trailer or the entire movie ? 
  i think setting up goals for a group would be awesome . 
  for example `` run xxx km/mi '' . 
  or `` at least 3 persons did 5k in less than xx minutes '' . 
  and being able to see in a simple overview who is running at the moment , how many miles person x , y and z did . 
  very beginner here , why would n't you do that ? 
  or am i implying your response wrong ( i think you say i should n't land heel first and then push with the toe ) ? 
  [ ] ( / son `` son '' ) i 'm disappointed . 
  [ link from 20 hours earlier ] ( http://9gag.com/gag/3625935#comments ), 
  you talk with people about wasd/wsad ? 
  they are easy targets . 
  they came to help someone who was in need . 
  the ems ca n't just run away when they put someone on cpr . 
  1 of the campaign video 's :, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0fiaskid6m ), 
  translation of the onscreen text :, 
  `` if we respect our first responders in wartime ;, 
  `` then why not in peacetime ? 
  `` stay with your hands off our first responders '', 
  everybody who makes that joke needs to suffer . 
  : bigbang] you sure he is n't bullying the dark ? 
  false !, 
  a cat would never call the filthy human `` owner '' . 
  it 's good . 
  at first i thought it was n't that bad either . 
  but in a couple hours , logic will kick in and you want to start a murder rampage . 
  i thought the article would be about him being a rapist or something like that . 
  i would disagree . 
  the car of my parents already had them . 
  bought that car 20 years ago . 
  imagine a scientist in math in 1900 ( for the sake of the eli5 ) . 
  a lot of people discovered numbers , but they did n't know what they meant and how to use them . 
  but then there came a scientist that discovered that you could add those number up !, 
  and you could also multiply them . 
  now fast forward to today . 
  you are a scientist and you want to develop the knowledge of math . 
  back in 1900 , you only had to know to numbers . 
  but now you need to know the numbers , how to add them up and how to multiply !, 
  you need to know a lot more , before you know enough to discover new things . 
  for prove in real life : nobel price winners today are wayyyy older today than in einsteins time . 
  as i remember correctly , einstein said that if you did n't had a price when you where 30 you would n't make any change anymore . 
  now , the average nobel price winner is at least 40-45 years old . 
  and as far as i saw , there where in this century more 60 + nobel price winners than 60 - .
