  i 'll try to explain it from memory :, 
  the catholic , spanish ruler ordered the killing of protestants . 
  the protestants revolved . 
  the dutch catholics where afraid for revenge , so did n't support the revolution at first . 
  threaties where created to protect all religions , so gaining the catholics support . 
  it also explains the first article of our constitution : all persons in the netherlands shall be treated equally in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination on the grounds of religion , belief , political opinion , race , or sex or on any other grounds whatsoever shall not be permitted, 
  i think people are to attached to the word `` boycott '' . 
  if i was a ` casual ' gamer there would be 2 console options for me ( minus the wiiu ) . 
  i 'm going to compare those 2 and conclude that the ps4 would be the better option . 
  here i 'm not really boycotting the x1 , i 'm just buying the better option . 
  edit : note that i 'm talking for the situation where the ps4 would be better , what we do n't know for sure . 
  ( i replied to the wrong guy first ) i 'll try to explain it from memory :, 
  the catholic , spanish ruler ordered the killing of protestants . 
  the protestants revolted . 
  the dutch catholics where afraid for revenge , so did n't support the revolution at first . 
  treaties where created to protect all religions , so gaining the catholics support . 
  it also explains the first article of our constitution : all persons in the netherlands shall be treated equally in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination on the grounds of religion , belief , political opinion , race , or sex or on any other grounds whatsoever shall not be permitted, 
  i 'm not even close to being as experienced as you , but my maine problem with the game was that i just could n't get used to reading the notes . 
  thank , i edited it . 
  he 's giving us the opportunity to ask us for the story , which also gives us karma . 
  good guy taconinja . 
  the war is already over !, 
  400usd -  300eur -  +21 % taxation = 363eur -  460usd . 
  what a deal !, 
  400usd -  300eur -  +21 % taxation = 363eur -  460usd . 
  what a deal !, 
  you forgot the most important one :, 
  # 7 : not having to worry about backwards compatibility, 
  you do n't have to go 90 . 
  it 's a speed limit after all . 
  i do n't think < 45db is realistic in any public space . 
  is n't cheaper as = / = is n't affordable, 
  this exists already . 
  saw it on reddit a couple weeks ago , and i ai n't that thing on / r/wtf, 
  it 's like an advanced rss feed to me . 
  assuming that i really ca n't die from things like suicide , i would agree with you . 
  why would i be remembered ? 
  think about the most important factor here people !, 
  i think she would understand it in this scenario . 
  i 've got to ask , are you serieusly here ? 
  do you have any issues you maybe wan na talk about ? 
  worse : `` just google it ! '', 
  and poetin fought a bear . 
  you have to do something when you have no streaming services at all available to your region . 
  i tought that it was obvious that i tried to say poutine . 
  just fuck everything and everyone about this . 
  fuck assad , fuck hezzbollah , fuck fsa , fuck al-quida and all those other groups . 
  everything already has gone to shit . 
  imagine that first quote being said by a dictator . 
  because ? 
  source on that ? 
  i 'm dutch and this is the first time i 've heard that . 
  i agree with you . 
  the world is discovered , but did you ever made a polar or desert trip ? 
  saw ancient structures on an other continent ? 
  there a thousands of trips to make on this planet , do n't complain there is nothing to discover . 
  even if there was more to discover , you propably would n't be the guy to do it . 
  or you would try and die . 
  iirc , a president can go to war for 60 days , after that he needs approval of congress . 
  and that happens . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  100 years ago 50 years was a respectable age , now 90 years is n't unheared off and we have people that are 115 + . 
  i believe that as long as i do n't die in an accident or something like that , i could reach the 130 with a bit luck . 
  like ... when ? 
  you just know there is atleast 1 guy that had to throw up from the pain . 
  for me that 's even worse . 
  i lost , do n't mention it . 
  i was n't good enough , that 's it . 
  saying that i did at my best souds the same as `` you 're just not good enough '' . 
  it was n't . 
  there is a stereotype gay and asking someone if he 's gay implies that he is that stereotype . 
  do you guys fly in formation ? 
  if you where a dog you would be dead already . 
  he is an asshole . 
  i work at a security firm and my colleagues worked with him at a concert , it was horrible . 
  freedom of speech and office for everyone , exept the communist party ? 
  i agree . 
  if you do n't want to support the music labels , just use something like bandcamp . 
  and what about indie gaming ? 
  i 'm not a saint and download most of my music for free , but than we are talking about older songs of pop hits . 
  i will always support a local/indie/individual band that i like . 
  i would totally make a poster out of it if it was n't fucking that car . 
  someone wrote an article about it . 
  it was an interesting read . 
  7thworldproblems is like a matrix , where the mods are the robots/masters . 
  and everybody lives ( thinks they live ? ), 
  in a tower . 
  it could just mean that the hunger problem has dubbled and the obesity problem grow even faster . 
  i love you for that . 
  serieusly , fuck him hard . 
  i just assume it is n't true , ca n't imagine that there are people that are that stupid to not report it to the police . 
  does n't matter , just do n't touch . 
  i did n't really like it . 
  i saw it ( and still see it ) as anti-prost/pro-senna propagenda and did n't get why people loved senna that much . 
  it tought that the top gear episode about senna was much , much better . 
  after that episode i thought `` aaahhh , now i get it ! '' . 
  it 's on youtube [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kunttvmotq ) . 
  only 12 minutes long , a mustwatch .
