  do you have proof ? 
  on the circuits here , being a marshall is voluntery work . 
  i need cash . 
  especially since i 'm a student . 
  easy . 
  almost every time kenny died , somebody was responsible for his dead . 
  `` they '' could refer to thosd responsible . 
  yes . 
  most tech sites also have reviews and articles regarding to technologies . 
  reading them and looking up words you do n't understand should give you a basic understanding . 
  and experiment . 
  do n't be afraid to try stuff out . 
  just experiment and learn . 
  change the firmware on your router to ddwrt , and stuff like that . 
  it 's an alternative firmware for routers . 
  it has a lot more option that most standard firmwares . 
  so because we ai n't able to change it , it is n't an illness ? 
  i have to disagree with that . 
  dick swaab , ivanka savic and per lindstr\u00f6m all have proven that there are some differences . 
  yes , the evidence is little . 
  but swaab did his research in 1989 and got hundreds of death threats . 
  even the politicians started to ask questions about how he could make such a horrible statement . 
  research to the homo brain is a taboo . 
  all research done is very recent , and those who suggest that there is a difference very often get treated with death . 
  but why could n't being gay just be a mental disorder ? 
  maybe not that it 's determent for 100 % by your brain , but i ca n't believe that it has nothing to do with it . 
  that it 's a useless sport . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  at least f1 still develops car tech that you can find in your car somewhere in the next 20 years . 
  what did soccer do for your daily life ? 
  chef will come back . 
  that 's not nice , wishing somebody to get shot . 
  i 'm not saying that he did the right thing . 
  why ? 
  because i do n't know the situation , and neither do you . 
  for all we know he walked through a dark alley and some crackheads where whispering to eachother and pointing at him . 
  those damn unions !, 
  you mean it goes against making money ? 
  but seriously , it is n't the ioc to judge . 
  then they also could ban china , russia , palestine , israel and 50 % of the african countries . 
  somebody needs to fight `` the man '' . 
  just do n't read that in the sidebar . 
  'cause otherwise the man will oppress us !, 
  just do n't read the sidebar . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm being oppressed by the man or some fascist & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; . 
  that 's why the mods where supposed to be here . 
  worth the troubles . 
  you can make about a trillion percent profit of it . 
  chef , randy and kenny . 
  and i really dislike butters , do n't know why he gets so much love from everybody . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the pok\u00e9mon anime is basically a huge tutorial for the newest game . 
  extracredits did a couple episodes about how to make a good tutorial and , if i remember correctly , they used the pok\u00e9mon anime as an example . 
  his daughter clearly plans to kill him . 
  bacon saw that that is going to happen and let himself get eaten to save his life . 
  the father clearly misunderstood the bacon . 
  well ... that 's enough sadness for today i guess ... 
  i have to ask , how was the funeral ? 
  it sounds like they did n't have any family or friends . 
  and how is the old lady holding up ? 
  the nazi logos are forbidden . . that 's pretty much it . 
  but this is n't saying the holocaust did n't happen . 
  this is saying it that hitler did nothing wrong . 
  `` freedom of speech is the most important freedom we have . '', 
  i disagree . 
  the first amendment of the dutch constitution states :, 
  all persons in the netherlands shall be treated equally in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination on the ground of religion , belief , political opinion , race or sex or any other grounds whatsoever shall not be permitted . 
  after that the right to have the dutch nationality , travel cross-country and voting rights are ( partly ) discussed . 
  article 5-9 discuss freedom of speech , petition and media . 
  yes , freedom of speech is important . 
  but without the regulations of equality and respect you create a window for groups that are against some ethnic groups . 
  i understand you think that seems to be against our first article ( no discrimination on the ground of political opinon ) , but we break this rule to protect the other grounds from discrimination . 
  and it enables us to protect the 200 + other articles in the constitution . 
  the best way to help safeguard thing like the holocaust from happening again is making sure that discrimination and promoting it are unacceptable . 
  and this way of judging has huge support here . 
  he was not really bullied into killing . 
  he was being threatened into doing so . 
  i volunteerd at a 1 week summercamp for children from 4-13 years old . 
  at first i did n't want to , since i did n't like kids , but i broke under peerpressure . 
  we got a group of 9 children that where 12/13 years old . 
  i thought that that would suck . 
  because when i would be the leader of 8/9 year olds and i screwed up , they had an other change next year . 
  but for those kids it would be there last year . 
  and for some it was there 7th year already !, 
  in the end of the week a reporter for the local newspaper came to us and asked what they liked the most . 
  they all said that the thing they liked the most where their groupleaders . 
  and on the last evening , some of their parents came to me and where like `` so you are shizly . 
  my little kid could n't stop talking about how awesome they had . 
  he was going on and on about it '' . 
  damn kids , almost made my eyes wet . 
  you should learn modding and create mod so that i can enjoy this . 
  i thought that it was story wise the best of the three , but gameplay wise the worst . 
  than what makes an old forest old if the age of trees do n't matter ? 
  or am i misunderstanding your statement ? 
  i thought that this was american propaganda to let the russian bombsquads seem like a total joke . 
  note that this story is from personal experience . 
  if you want a more scientific explanation you should look into the replies made by boardmonkey and aqaspecification . 
  i think that what i 'm going to tell would fall under the flynn effect . 
  as a 18 year old with a 15 year old brother i like to throw in my 50 cents ( take in account i 'm talking about educational level , not life experience ) :,
