  would n't french on a spear make more sense ? 
  since belgium seperated itself from us etc. 
  vol is vol, 
  it only chooses from the same country , unless you check the box you 're willing to ship international with the expenses that go with it . 
  last time i check , nk was n't invading other nations and committing industrialised genocide . 
  you asked 1942 , not 1937 . 
  at least try be not so retarded that you 're going to change your argument . 
  not really , since the phone was n't able to go over long distances . 
  now it 's easy to say that it can . 
  last time i checked , we need an economy . 
  not everyone can invade their neighbours when they 're low on cash . 
  it 's not like the us or other european countries are any more advanced with it . 
  i do n't see why you compare google with supermarkets . 
  the initiative by wallmart and others in the us is a huge failure , and google wallet is still being operated by google itself . 
  that 's really fast for swimming . 
  then maybe someone should add it to the faq . 
  and here i am , wishing my gym would open at 6 . 
  seems more like a ducati diavel . 
  funny how everyone seems to know how much protein you need ( that being 0,5 g/p , 0,7 g/p or 0,8 g/p ) , but no one posts sources . 
  i always learned 1g/p , so that 's what i 'm doing . 
  it 's funny because yes , it does work a lot better when combating crime . 
  how do you pr in spinning class ? 
  no , but it 's standard the longest distance discussed in running under most people . 
  it 's seen as an elite level of fitness that 's really hard to archive . 
  now the question is if the longest `` standard '' distance should become longer , since it does n't really seem like such an elite level anymore ( since even grannies can run it ) . 
  not my necessarily my opinion , but it 's my take on the question . 
  not in the same format , but see also the [ report ] ( http://www.irunfar.com/2014/06/2014-medicine-science-in-ultra-endurance-sports-conference-report.html ) on the 2014 medicine & science in ultra-endurance sports conference . 
  even when not involved in ultrarunning ( or running that much , for that matter ) , it 's a really interesting read . 
  immigrants from eastern europe ai n't white ? 
  just move them away . 
  that 's why the team also gets a trophy . 
  yes it was . 
  they ca n't get 2500 pounds together to write an ebook ? 
  this was the first conference of its kind . 
  however , it was such a success that they will held it annually . 
  next time will be near the end of june . 
  why does it show that ? 
  what 's the advantage of not using it immediately ? 
  subscribe to the subs from your area . 
  with reddits new localiser system in place you should be subscribed automatically , but just check it . 
  ha , i wish . 
  i 'm not even close enough to such an elite level that it would have additional value for me . 
  neither am i an expert in the medical/running field . 
  link to the organisation : http://www.wser.org/research/conference/, 
  wait , it 's turned on again ? 
  why did that happen ? 
  propably not . 
  online condolence registers ai n't something new . 
  it 's funny because when koboyashi did it , everyone was fully supportive and asked why it was n't done earlier . 
  it 's just that they do n't like catherham here . 
  if marrusia had done it , people would comment differently . 
  it is . 
  f1 numbers have nothing to do with the numbers in other race classes . 
  kinda useless , since it 's about the message below the image . 
   ericsson_marcus, 
  `` following recent events re caterham sports limited and 1 mrt sdn bhd , my adviser eje elgh and i have decided to terminate , with immediate effect , all agreements connecting me to the caterham f1 team . 
  this is a sad day as we have greatly enjoyed working with the team through a difficult and tough season . 
  i wish to thank colin kolles , manfredi ravetto , cyril abiteboul and every other member of the caterham f1 team for your trust and confidence in me , and for making my first formula 1 season an educational and unforgettable experience . 
  in addition , i thank my good friend and teammate kamui kobayashi for being an inspiring benchmark throughout the year , and hope to see him back on the track soon . 
  marcus ericsson ; november 12 , 2014 . '', 
  dat is pas duur . 
  probably just an old habit . 
  you did n't address his question . 
  also way older . 
  now look over a couple months . 
  scores normally get lower then . 
  that is why we ai n't discussing that here , so what you 're saying is n't really relevant atm . 
  `` you 're michel , but you asked me to call you master '', 
  okay, 
  in the us that is . 
  different countries use a different system for classifying this . 
  i know that in the netherlands it actually means a 40 % change . 
  that 's why it 's about racing on the public road , not dragging your knee . 
  any specific reason for having the pit lain outside the track ? 
  no it 's not . 
  source link :, 
  well , are you recovering from lifting ? 
  to make reintegration easier for the belgium 's for when they 'll return to the motherland . 
  they do . 
  however , my driving license limits me to 35kw . 
  there are more then 11 teams with 2 players in soccer . 
  people sometimes say that on average you have 1 good workout , 1 bad workout and 3 regular workouts . 
  is hier bij ons in de gemeente ook discussie over . 
  are insurance companies allowed to now stuff like that in australia ? 
  i doubt that . 
  my mistake , somehow confused it with bathhurst . 
  that was n't fun at all !, 
  spoiler : it 's not, 
  why ? 
  it 's an single incident during a fun cup . 
  i do n't see any reason to overreact on this . 
  stream an old race every week ( one stream during us/aus time and one during eu time ) and discuss is here ? 
  hint : it 's not about saying nigger . 
  that 's how it works in most places , assuming you meant paid leaf . 
  each province in europe also has his local governing . 
  what amazes me is how they see different traditions and interests as different cultures . 
  in the netherlands we have below the river carnival as one of the biggest happenings in the year , but almost no one above the rivers pays any attention to is . 
  does n't mean that below the river and above have vastly different cultures ... 
  whoa dude , you had to send if to the insurance company yourself ? 
  it depends on which day you ask it .
