  after ww1 , italy of course wants revenge !, 
  it 's unfair that other countries got huge chunks of land and italy practically nothing . 
  my goal was to take the central powers and their former ground ( except germany ) under my command and puppet the other balkan countries . 
  i started aligning myself towards the allies . 
  in the first months of 1936 my armies already crushed austria , performed an amphibious assault in albania and moved fast into hungary . 
  after a amphibious assault in bulgaria i attacked romania from the north and the south , conquering them in matter of days . 
  after this i made romania my puppet . 
  now i had yugoslavia completely surrounded . 
  i quickly took their western ports , marched from romania to their capital in the east and cut of most of their troops in the north . 
  they would fall in 2 weeks . 
  but i want more !, 
  i invaded greece with amphibious assaults near athens , while also attack them through their northern mountain ranges . 
  after their inevitable defeat i set my sights on protecting my northern borders and sending a small force to deal with turkey . 
  the glorious pasta army marched through istanbul and quickly moved to the southern part of the country , trying to avoid mountains and easing supply lines by taking some ports . 
  they fell without much resistance . 
  in europe my ground looks like this : http://i.imgur.com/aprjjko.jpg, 
  i also annexed ethiopia instead of pupped them . 
  i 'm not sure about the future . 
  i 'm completely rebuilding the obb ( it 's a complete mess ) and creating units as fast as i can . 
  i need a lot more of every unit . 
  i 'm now just going to defend my northern border to make sure germany does n't attack me and so that when they do i can fight back . 
  just the nomads life . 
  asked in the last thread , but did n't get a response :, 
  can someone explain in numbers what the difference is between puppeting a country and annexing it ? 
  i know that when i puppet them they will basically my permanent ` ally ' . 
  but i 'm looking at it from a resource perspective . 
  how many manpower/ic/leadership / ... will it give me ? 
  does annexation even give me any of that at all ? 
  doubt it . 
  renting out your apartment is n't a new idea at all . 
  airbnb made it only easier . 
   on mobile, 
  do n't know about other apps , but in alienblue there is n't an option for that . 
  you said `` airbnb definitely took the idea '' , while i do n't see any reason why that would be the case . 
  yeah , it 's retarded . 
  we have the same in the netherlands , but no one here even has the tv rights !, 
  no , not in this case . 
  this is specifically about exercises where munition was required but not available as result of a shortage . 
  not about the exercises where we just yell because we ran out of ammo or did n't bring enough . 
  probably automoderator or something . 
  not really an answer to his 2nd and 5th point , which asks for personal opinion and experience . 
  he has no reason to only ask those questions . 
  and you do n't know what op is doing now , so why start whining about op not replying ? 
  he never stated that he wanted to discuss it with us . 
  he said that he was discussing it with his family and wanted more insight in it the only question were the answer does n't change depending on who you talk to is the first one . 
  so see absolutely no problem asking him asking these questions . 
  he made the post just now , it 's more then possible that he waits for some responses and planned to enter the tread again this evening . 
  ca n't say that i understood the hoi4 guy . 
  no , someone said that in real life it would be pretty plausible . 
  which it is n't . 
  just play hoi3 for some time . 
  to me it 's more of a shame that your allies are useless . 
  9/10 they either drawing their own plans or have a zillion man stationed in some city doing nothing . 
  that while d-day was performed with 3 + nations . 
  so , he 's wrong . 
  you do realise that the `` healthy '' range on the bmo scale is around 15kg , right ? 
  in my case `` healthy weight '' is between ( roughly ) 60kg and 75kg . 
  well , that basically is their 5000 dollar goal . 
   for $ 5000 we could pay our researchers to write up more special episodes about more complex topics that were important for world war 1 but that we do n't always have the time to do next to our regular show . 
  the mother dies . 
  the ending is horrible , they throw all character development out of the window . 
  ted is basically asking the children if they 're fine with him dating robin . 
  haha , snap dat het verwarrend is . 
  there are 2 types of people on / r/mapporn :, 
  those who are here for nice maps , and those who should be in / r/dataisbeautiful, 
  yes they do . 
  you got `` is een echt engels klacht , '' almost right , though `` echt '' should be `` echte '' . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say next . 
  i assume you meant to say that the rest of the list seems to be translated from dutch ? 
  it seems that you translated `` looks as if '' translated word-by-word to `` kijk ( t ) als '' . 
  a correct translation would be `` lijkt alsof '' . 
  that would the second part of your sentence :, 
  this sentence is still wrong , but more people will get what you 're trying to say . 
  if i would make the same sentence in dutch i would 've said :, 
  replace `` de '' with `` een '' if you ai n't referring to a specific list . 
  no problem !, 
  you should also check / r/learndutch some day . 
  it 's not that active ( not that many people learning dutch ) , but all the questions there get answered and there are plenty of sources in the sidebar . 
  see the first table in this link : http://hemel.waarnemen.com/meteoorzwermen/perseiden_2015.html, 
  it 's in dutch , but it should n't be that hard to understand the table . 
  times are gmt +1 . 
  or he did n't want to deal with all that crap and was happy to be able to buy a house . 
  some do , many do n't and some have to pay the airline for the work they do . 
  you should get the app , that automates everything . 
  if you buy the premium version you 'll also see how you 're supposed to warm up , which plates to use , are able to add accessory exercises and have other setxrep options for when you start failing . 
  `` america '' is overduidelijk de afkorting van `` united states of america '' . 
  it 's only the 4th time it 's posted in the 2 years this sub exists . 
   in some circumstances, 
  big difference there . 
  still is n't free , which is what the op is literally stating . 
  i do n't see where there would be a mix-up , he seems to be almost correct . 
  with abp , you can only retire when you 're 60 or older ( see abp keuzepensioen ) . 
  and even that means that you will get around 6-7 % less a year for every year you retire earlier then 67 . 
  for those interested in the plot , there is also a ( not that ) active sub about this . 
  they analyse songs like they have some hidden meaning in the cold war context . 
  ca n't remember which it was , but if someone knows ... 
  edit :, 
  it 's / r/shittypopanalysis and is much less active then i thought it still was . 
  still has some fun content . 
  where is this from ?
