   can someone, 
  it shows our location . 
  the image on the right is our solar system . 
  the image on the left shows our sun with the 14 pulsar directions and the frequency rate in binary . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/vgrcover.jpg ) is how the coding on the disc works . 
  do you like to travel ? 
  iama guy from europe ( the netherlands ) , you can use my history , ama !, 
  but reddit is a linkingsite . 
  9gag is n't . 
  plus they put their own watermark on content and remove other watermarks . 
  in the afternoon there was maintenance , so it was `` only '' 30mb/s , now it 's 60mb/s . 
  sure . 
  however , i do n't have a guestroom . 
  you need to sleep on the airmatress . 
  hehe . 
  i think that what buying plane tickets the idea of prices rising makes you buy them . 
  do n't want them to become even more expensive . 
  is n't that what people mean when they say you need to get more sun to get more vitamin d ? 
  that 's not guarrentied . 
  you do n't care about things like that when there is n't any food or a disease that kills millions is spreading around the globe . 
  i do n't think it does . 
  calling with landlines is always adviced . 
  seriously , what 's the woosh in this ? 
  why would it be a terrorist attack ? 
  the fbi defines a terrorist attack as `` the unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government , the civilian population , or any segment thereof , ** in furtherance of political or social objectives ** '', 
  do you have any proof of that last part ? 
  why should this be labeled terrorism and not what it is , mass murder ? 
  watering down the definition of terrorism can only bring problems . 
  9/11 was terrorism , boston was terrorism , the madrid and london bombings where terrorism , this is n't . 
  for now . 
  where do you live ? 
  i just played that mission in spec ops . 
  i 've put the game down afterwards and ca n't stop thinking about it . 
  the dying soldier with his face burned , the screams for help , the child in the arms of the mother . 
  the survivers yelling at you for murderer ... just . . wow . 
  i ca n't wait to play more of it . 
  but i did decide to take the time to play it . 
  just play a level every other day , let it work in . 
  an play gta in the mean time . 
  i read about so being an expierence , but did n't expect this . 
  i 've to admit that college/work makes forces me to be patient  . 
  edit :, 
  also , why i 'm that shocked is because i was rooting for using it !, 
  i thought it was a good decision to use it . 
  and it was n't just a white dot that turned off . 
  well , it was at first . 
  but then you went in . 
  just like yo ... nop , never mind . 
  so this teacher , was she polish ? 
  no , collapse . 
  when your country has a 50 + youth unemployment and everyone is afraid to lose their job , there was a collapse . 
  maybe his and alonso 's signature ? 
  it happens to almost everybody . 
  is it the 1 hour trial ? 
  then it should n't . 
  only playtime is counted . 
  he 's an asshole . 
  now i get it !, 
  i just thought that that tiger-thing was backing off . 
  not that that says much . 
  you propably do the same . 
  when did you actually think `` now i take a knife . 
  now cut the bread . 
  take the bread in my hand ... '' when eating a sandwich ? 
  and how often does it happen that you know what you mean , but ca n't find the words to say it ? 
  yes, 
  it 's a meteo . 
  people do n't talk . 
  i just finished a 10 miler . 
  i aimed for 1:30 , but i finished at 1:39:30 . 
  i had n't trained in a couple months and that had a worse impact than i tought . 
  and also a group of people you can identify as . 
  i enjoyed the top gear special about senna way more . 
  senna was n't a bit biased , it went completely pro-senna/anti-prost . 
  i just thought senna was an asshole after the `` real '' documentery , while the tg special showed me in a more neutral way why senna was such a legend . 
  and the legal definition is n't either ? 
  i see you ai n't a pilot on a commercial airliner . 
  that would make you even more money . 
  do you have an example ? 
  i never even thought about the possibility . 
  `` ey teacher , you remember that time when you forced me to make new friends because those other students would be a bad influence ? 
  those guys are now drug addicts or in jail ! '', 
  seriously , who even guesses 19 ? 
  that 's the age between 18 and 20 ... 
  it 's not normal to guess someones age so precisely . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm just the gardener whose faith in good guys was restored . 
  and since this is theft , the police got called and the thief had a fine of $ 37 . 
  this is stupid . 
  those are tactical response teams that come to your house at a shootout , not when there 's a burglar in your shed . 
  so it 's completely possible that there was no one available . 
  i bet for 37 bucks that if this guy went on `` who wants to be a millionaire '' he would n't get more then 100usd . 
  what did he smoke ? 
  spain and germany where part of the european gp . 
  do n't know about the other races and when the rule was placed . 
  ca n't we ( temporally ) ban f1fanatic links ourself ? 
  they have good articles , but this kind of behavior should be unacceptable . 
  would definitely order her . 
  i assume that there are other planets that have loads of aluminum . 
  would propably be a lot easier to raid those .
