  and remember that the pvv is also anti-eu , what probably would explain a big chunk of voters . 
  if i may ask , why did n't you learn dutch ? 
  because the water you would n't flush would go directly to africa . 
  i doubt it . 
  you also know the exact location of each airplane . 
  it is n't some sort of secret information . 
  maybe a weird question , but what does the e90 stands for ? 
  i understand that 335 means 3-serie with the ( 3 ) 35 engine ( not sure if the 35 actually means something ) , but what does e90 mean ? 
  and i assume the `` ix '' means that it 's equipped with idrive deluxe or something ? 
  no , not really . 
  the gamble laws predate the crisis by far and ai n't just meant for young people . 
  als is a disease in itself . 
  your body and organs just stop working , which are symptoms of the disease . 
  the syndrome is what the state you are in is called . 
  hawking is mentioned as an example of someone who has lis . 
  that 's an symptom of his als . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  you select the tickets through skyscanner . 
  i think it 's essential to guarantee democracy when it 's under threat by national forces . 
  like how the spanish king was able to rally a part of the military when an other part attempted a coup , or how our queen ( dutch ) removed the parliament in exile from their power ( which they did n't really have anymore anyway ) when they considered to work with the nazis . 
  and in times of crisis ( war , famine , . . ) their is no time for politics . 
  having a non-political face under which everyone can be united is good for moral . 
  whoa , that i never noticed that before . 
  that 's one of the dumbest articles i 've ever read . 
  he obviously thought that he needed a more modern car and kicked a couple of children out of a hospital . 
  it is n't like he has no influence whats so ever on that decision and that 0,6 million would n't have gone to healthcare ( / s / ) . 
  it even is n't his car !, 
  it 's property of the state . 
  i do n't see why that would be the case ? 
  not really . 
  that 's one of the theories . 
  bought it for the groups function . 
  it 's the same comic ... 
  the last time this was posted ( a week ago ? ), 
  there was a discussion about this with more examples . 
  25 years is a pretty long time . 
  especially when most of the reddit user-base is probably < 26 . 
  then the other teams should have created better cars . 
  tell that to ferrari . 
  you were partly right . 
  i can vow for that documentary . 
  in my opinion it 's a lot better then senna , which i thought was just anti-prost propaganda . 
  i think that the top gear special about senna ( what was meant as a preview for the docu ) told the story a lot better . 
  is that the documentary where an anti-docu was created about to show how much bs the documentary was ? 
  i think he meant that he had to went through racing the clock to do it to himself in an other country . 
  i would say 2l . 
  the 1l do n't sell at all compared to those . 
  i will try to find it later . 
  i 'm not sure if food inc. is the documentary , but often when this question pop ups there is a docu with the same subject and the top response is always the anti-docu . 
  that was it , thank you for clearing it up . 
  an other redditor was able to identify the docu . 
  it was not against food inc. , but against super size me . 
  it wo n't have any influence on the f1 scene . 
  i think that the enemy would be russia is a bit more logical . 
  a other user started to live in the house ( iirc ) and opened the safe . 
  it was empty . 
  pretty sure he meant running 1/2 twice a month . 
  congratulations everyone !, 
  what is meant with `` tier '' ? 
  i assume it has something to do with difficulty or importance ? 
  thanks for explaining . 
  and 48 hours is already a long time in this conflict ... 
  that 's a very doomed outlook . 
  there are european reserves and drilling grounds and we still can import by ships from other countries . 
  and i do n't see any reason why riots would happen . 
  maybe , just maybe , it was a joke . 
  the sennheiser cx300ii . 
  in-ears with really good sound quality . 
  you lay the wire of the right earbuds in your neck , so there is less weight on the earbuds ( my theory ) and if they fall out they 're easy to reach . 
  only scott does . 
  if you have 15,50 bucks you can afford 15 bucks for the subscription . 
  the 50 cent left is n't enough for a pen . 
  how do you find your training plans ? 
  more precisely : i want to run a 45-50 10k in 2-3 months , and the only timed plan i can find is a 45-60/40 -50 min ( which seems like a big time gap , [ link ] ( http://www.runnersworld.co.uk/racing/the-perfect-10k/84.html ) ) , or this [about.com ] ( http://running.about.com/od/racetraining/a/10kadvbeginner.htm ) schedule . 
  i 'm a 20 y.o. 
  male that has a 10k pb of 53:04 . 
  i would say that the wiretapping and planting of bugs in the house of the husband of that princess ( not that familiar with the entire royal family ) was a bigger conspiracy theory . 
  it was more believable , and turned out to be true . 
  do n't forget the conspiracy in the conspiracy . 
  the police where tapping a minister about this subject and there was a power outage , just when he admitted it ( or did n't admit it ) . 
  is from memory , be free to correct me . 
  this was in 2005 . 
  renault was the first to ends ferrari 's win streak . 
  red bull did n't do it at all . 
  they never ended a championship streak of ferrari . 
  they never even took a championship from them . 
  thanks for that . 
  never looked at it that way . 
  that place is actually dangerous . 
  it has been a while since i 've been to / r/fatlogic , but i remember there was a huge fit because people that tried to get advice on / r/bodyacceptance for living healthier got told that eating healthy was basically a myth . 
  that does n't make it any better . 
  in other news : the weekly why the us is the best treat is , once again , a success !, 
  i think posting to / r/netherlands would give you a much better insight . 
  we also have a monthly treat where we discuss 1 of the provinces . 
  thanks to global warming , snow will become a rare good in europe . 
  denmark will just import their snow from greenland . 
  while riots will take over european cities , denmark will sell snow for ridiculous high prices and become rich !, 
  checkmate !, 
  is n't our gas low in calories and russian has high calories ? 
  as far as i know , it has different uses .
