  if you do n't update us on this , you 're worse than the safe-guy . 
  please keep us updated . 
  you do it for the hobby . 
  there are enough tutorial that go step-to-atep and pre-made scripts . 
  for 35usd i would take the gamble . 
  you misspelled 9, 
  i 'm so sorry to hear that . 
  if you would live near me you could have my backup bike . . 
  hitting your target time in a race ? 
  like i 'm in heaven . 
  shaving 5 minutes off my target time ? 
  god !, 
  that would mean 1 every other day since you where 4 years old . 
  seems a bit much to me . 
  how would you define `` read '' ? 
  looking into the book a couple times , finishing the first couple chapters , finishing the complete book ? 
  favorite writer ? 
  genre ? 
  book ? 
  now tell me how you feel about trophies . 
  are you dead yet ? 
  it 's not real . 
  it 's a joke . 
  everybody knows that . 
  it 's a figure of speech . 
  awhhh , and i have to pay 30-50e a month , plus books . 
  well , you could do that . 
  checked the username when i read that . 
  there 's nothing to see . 
  why does that cheese on the credits have such a weird color ? 
  you are talking about ritually slaughter . 
  there is literelly no other reason to kill an animal this way . 
  it would only cost more time amd resources with no benefit whatsoever . 
  that 's what they said 40 years ago with the moonlanding . 
  it 's not a matter of tech , it 's a matter of money . 
  than it is n't like scotland . 
  you just descriped the landowners giving you permission to cross there land , while in scotland you can do it without permission from the landowner . 
  yes , but everything would be japanese . 
  i 've never heard of it as an expected service . 
  when i worked retail i only did it when older folks/house wives bought there week supply and there grandchild/husband would pick it up later . 
  edit , i 'm not-us . 
  this has to be on the internet somewhere . 
  monster inc is the best thing that ever happend to mankind , you filthy liar . 
  i wanted to walk out on transformers 3 , but stayed because my friends did n't want to leave . 
  first time ever i fell asleep in a movietheater ... at one moment the bad guys have taken over the city , and suddenly there where credits !, 
  as a dutchie , i 'm pleased by being in the top 6 . 
  til jenson button has a book . 
  i know what i want as next read . 
  i think he is . 
  is propably going to take a couple decades , but he 's dying . 
  it 's explained on knowyourmeme , but ca n't link it because i 'm on my phone . 
  `` the narwhal bacons at midnight '' is a catchphrase that was created for redditors to identify themselves in public places . 
  it is used in fanart , rage comics , and is often referenced as an inside joke in reddit threads . 
  origin, 
  redditor `` saydrah '' posted a thread on the askreddit [ 1 ] subreddit titled `` hey reddit , i 'm redditing from the denver international airport and i see a lot of people on laptops around using the free wifi . 
  just on the offchance , any fellow redditors here ? '' on august 7th , 2009 . 
  in the thread description field , saydrah described her attempts at finding redditors at the denver international airport . 
  redditor `` freakinwolfy '' replied saying , ``` the narwhal bacons at midnight ' is now the official phrase to identify yourself as a redditor . '' it received 661 points making it the top voted comment in the thread . 
  spread, 
  a reddit [ 9 ] post titled `` the narwhal bacons at midnight '' linking to freakinwolfy 's comment was posted the same day , and received 233 up votes . 
  an image of a narwhal sculpture made out of bacon and chicken was posted to reddit [ 2 ] on august 28th , 2009 . 
  a video of redditor karmanaut cooking a bacon narwhal was uploaded to youtube on september 29th , 2009 :, 
  amazon and netflix . 
  i want to pay for stuff to guys !, 
  that are some really good meals . 
  how is the military reaction on the situation ? 
  tonight we had someone on the news we escaped her hotel and came back from here vacation early . 
  she said that she saw police and military clash with eachother . 
  thoughts ? 
  that seems way to low to me . 
  what source did you use ? 
  since there are only 35 entrees allowed , propably not . 
  i saw something like this before in a video . 
  it must be around somewhere . 
  how nice of him . 
  ont the 60gb plays ps2 games . 
  no one knows . 
  thank you for that battle at texel . 
  everybody forgot to liberate them , took until 21st of may . 
  i remember that a couple days ago someone posted a link with a collection like that . 
  it where 4/5 pictures that where taken at the same place as the famous one , and the old one was shopped into it . 
  so you saw a couple looking and the eifftower , with hitler standing on almost the same spot . 
  thank you . 
  very informative . 
  i 'm also very confused by op statement . 
  have so say that i live in a small town , but still . 
  i was thinking of ` kost ' ( vomit ) . 
  yeah , was a typo . 
  it also works the other way around . 
  people with hiv spreading it . 
  sometimes the people they have sex with do n't even know that the guy has hiv . 
  in dutch we just call it a ` wave ' . 
  so you had an interview , but did n't know for which job ? 
  well , you could say ' i hope that i finished college and work in sector x ' . 
  war crimes . 
  it 's never ok . 
  i posted a ' # ' , but reddit formatting screwed it a bit . 
  do n't know how true that would be . 
  i 'm from the netherlands and for dental care you have to tale extra insurance ( for 3-10 bucks a month ) . 
  i also saw australian and german redditors mention this before .
