  not really . 
  if you mainly drive on the safest roadtype ( guard rails , split traffic , no crossing traffic , everyone going the same way , etc. ), 
  and still score that low , it 's not good . 
  thank god for making a story where the entire crew did n't want to kill/kidnap everyone by using some gas in the gasmasks . 
  so the same as a lot of places ( finland , canada , sweden , ... ) in the world ? 
  the highway is the safest roadtype , there is nothing really to discuss about that . 
  a couple months ago there was a crash that involved 150 cars on a highway in the netherlands and only 2 people died . 
  that 's because there is n't any sideway or frontal impacts , that 's what makes them safe . 
  crashes like [ this ] ( http://www.bnr.nl/incoming/943516-1312/a19.jpg/alternates/i/a19.jpg ) have a low fatality ( and injury ) rate , which is what the map is about . 
  no , it 's total crap . 
  it 's nothing like giving your ceo a brofist . 
  it 's saying `` good morning '' to the health inspector . 
  it seems pretty solid . 
  90 % of the comments here could easily be taken care of if he tried . 
  there is a difference between presenting a pov and presenting your pov as fact . 
  i completely agree with this , it 's why i have issues with the documentary . 
  especially the non-director cut version . 
  senna was a god that was worshipped by everyone in f1 and post was mean and evil . 
  just pure as story about senna 's legacy , i liked the much shorter top gear segment about him a lot more . 
  that 's when i understood why people loved him . 
  just like 2008 , 2009 , 2010 and 2012 you mean ? 
  what a joke ... 
  there is a difference between some a pov and the `` only true '' pov . 
  senna does the later . 
  is n't that true for every single group named here ? 
  why ? 
  i disagree with it . 
  threatening someone as a normal human being with values is n't the same as showing them respect . 
  edit :, 
  see / u/sleeptoker his comment , it depends on your definition . 
  we did that and the entire fp was just unreadable , it did n't work here . 
  so we changed it back , since it is not our but your responsibility . 
  you do know that university of applied science is something different then an university and it wo n't be possible to go straight to ( if at all ) a master program that would get you at a british university ? 
  the entire fp was '' [ spoiler ] great overtake on [ spoiler ] '' , [ spoiler ] joking with [ spoiler ] on press conference '' and so on . 
  people should just learn that they have a responsibility sometimes and no one here should be limited in how they can discuss the race post-race . 
  not always . 
  do n't know about russia , but over here that is n't necessary with certain calls . 
  f1 is n't even close to being the only racing series which has that . 
  what a lot of crap you 're sprouting . 
  when did they say that ? 
  and now you 're only saying that racing is boring , why were you even watching it again ? 
  i also do n't understand why this type of dumb requests are still allowed . 
  requests for someone from top gear already happen on a weekly basis for years , and nothing happens . 
  you wo n't either by making a ama request . 
  it is n't unknown , there is such a thing as pr agents . 
  no famous person browses / u/iama and while suddenly think `` sjees , i should do an ama ! '', 
  after seeing such a request . 
  if you want it to happen , contact his agents . 
  but no one really cares about the ama , since that 's already to much work for everyone ever . 
  it is n't about top gear , but about one of the hosts . 
  so it really does n't matter why you want him , because it 's the same person . 
  and 3 weeks ago is still 2015 , not last year . 
  your employer bribes you when he gives you a bonus to do something you do n't necessarily have to do but would be nice if you did ? 
  is clickbait . 
  dat is clickbait . 
  or they mainly teach what actually happened in the country . 
  of course ww2 education is western focused in the west , since that 's where the western involvement was . 
   or basically the rest of the world . 
  overstatement of the week . 
  good to hear the family liked it op , let 's hope that this will ease their mourning process . 
  it 's the 21st century , there are already are many better options . 
  a tomahawk will be just as useless as a regular glass breaker , since you ca n't provide enough force to break the glass . 
  it 's hard when water pushes the glass inwards and it 's nearly impossible when your cabin is filled with water . 
  you need a glass breaker with a spring installed , then you only need to push it against the glass and it will shatter . 
  [ example ( @ 20 sec ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr54-oqmosu ) . 
  in the video they 're not using any force , it 's just pushing the springhead against the glass . 
  it was n't in maffia , where you would just receive a fine . 
  it would be annoying because you would be arrested , but that 's a problem with the star system of gta . 
  it 's more about your comment being completely useless . 
  now i 'm curious , what did it say ? 
  so exactly like hitting the `` like '' button ? 
  meh , better then just different tones of black . 
  edit :, 
  er is geen rationele reden om geen donor te zijn . 
  when you get a glass of soda , also take a glass of water . 
  whenever i go get some coffee at work , i 'll also take a cup of water . 
  a shovel has 2 ends . 
  just ignore him . 
  you should n't waste your time with someone who likes to play straw man . 
  according to eurostat the average is 23.5 y.o. 
  you can always get an address with the leger des heils , so it is n't any problem to have a registered address . 
  and for the `` daklozeuiterking '' you do n't need a gba . 
  thanks for giving an actual answer instead of the `` but not every does it/takes it seriously/it 's routine ! '', 
  crap . 
  he 's confusing it with the 2013 us gp , where mark webber ( the same driver ) had a 1.9 second pitstop . 
  it never happens . 
  the driver was n't satisfied with the settings on the frontwing , so they slightly adjusted it . 
  that 's what they 're doing , holding the car . 
  the car is only lifted on the front and rear and you have a lot of people using force on it from the sides , so to stabilise it they have those 2 guys . 
  your best change is to be one of the best mechanics in the world . 
  this trough working years as a mechanic with expensive brands or have a phd in mechanical engineering . 
  an other route is being part of the logistics team ( yes , truck driver ) , but the odds of you being on the pit time are very small when you take that route . 
   the game itself is ~ 60gb . 
  sweet jesus !, 
  as far as i know , xenophon attributed it to him in one of his memorabilia about socrates . 
  fuck , that comment is dumb . 
  i 'm actually impressed . 
  thanks for your contribution , it was very useful . 
  i seriously doubt that that happened to that extent . 
  hahaha !,
