  you just did it again !, 
  you show once again you do n't know anything about our history . 
  the only things you `` know '' are halve truths or just plain wrong . 
  difference is that in some countries they asked it on the street , while in some countries it was trough online forms . 
   in each country a representative sample of around 1000 men and women was interviewed either face to face ( 30 countries ; n = 32258 ) , via telephone ( 12 countries ; n = 9784 ) or online ( 22 countries ; n = 20356 ), 
  ca n't find what they used in each country . 
  and are those the exact same people or maybe different people with different opinions ? 
  no , it definitely would be a problem . 
  nee , maar iedere commercial is op youtube is `` banned '' . 
  they 're looking forward to it as a hobby . 
  you would n't want to be featured in deadliest catch from 12 until you die around 60 y.o. 
  and you sell it afterwards , so you will get some of the 20.000 back . 
  she 's close to 200 years old , she obviously just turned off her hearing aids . 
  because they are still looking at the footage , just like the article says ? 
   i know this from experience, 
  your anecdotical story is n't proof at all . 
  no they do n't . 
  and it still would n't be any evidence if they did . 
  your country is just a criminal shithole . 
  want dat is wat democratie is . 
  there would n't have been a ww2 if everyone just did n't fight germany and completely did n't resist against german control . 
  so i would n't say that all wars are pointless . 
  especially a job that sees a lot of older ( who need glasses because they 're old ) or young ( 5-8 , since that will be their first glasses ) people . 
  they 're 2 years without any change . 
  it is n't pathetic from them to say that , they have no business in a sport they ca n't be competitive in . 
  they 're still an advert/energy drink company . 
  why not ? 
  help building an empire with a new engine manufacturer . 
  that must be a great challenge to accept and it would be incredible to get it done . 
  there are many companies that do that . 
  the world is bigger then the consumer market . 
  i 've worked with such a company in my area . 
  they make street view like images in much higher quality with a lot more data and update their entire database every 6 months at most . 
  for commercial and governmental use streetview is completely useless . 
  then they 're no good ,, 
  of course we hate it , you are the only one who gets them !, 
  they pay for it trough adds , so turn addblocker off when using the site . 
  yes , racing where crashes ai n't that big of a deal is easy . 
  riding a car , obeying hundreds of laws and rules between hundreds of car that can do anything at any moment while children can ran after a ball without you seeing them is much harder . 
  controlling the car is n't import and if it takes more then 5 out of the 30 lessons you take you are a special kind of learner . 
  that other countries driving lessons are total shit does n't mean that they are that in belgium and the netherlands . 
  yes , i think it 's more interesting with it . 
  it shows how close human and animal can live . 
  this does n't seem to be a random part in someone 's garden , but actually a part that is being used . 
  yes , he started yelling to and punching a producer because he did n't get his meal right . 
  maybe he is a 13 year old boy . 
  you can already be a male cammodel , yet you are n't one . 
  roken of pillen slikken is geen probleem . 
   more terrifying , the letter explicitly informed me that i can not summon a lawyer during the middle of the interrogation , should it become hostile or abusive . 
  there are reports in this country of poor moroccan males being punched in the ribs and forced to give a specific statement . 
   thus , if the investigation becomes hostile , and i possibly become the victim of a brutal beating , like many of the other brown individuals in this country , they can tell me that i do n't have the right to call a lawyer . 
  yes , this is explicitly written in the letter , i 'm simply not allowed to call for a lawyer during the middle of a brutally coercive interrogation . 
   now , i will be fair , it 's not just controversial american writers who are being summoned by the dutch police . 
  just recently , geert wilders -- leader of one of the far-right parties here in the netherlands -- was summoned by the police for standing before a crowd and asking : `` would you like fewer moroccans or more moroccans ? '', 
  the prosecutors want to charge mr. wilders with `` inciting hate . '', 
  if you thought that the netherlands was one of the most tolerant countries in the world , with the strongest protection for freedom of speech , you were wrong !, 
   she asked me a loaded question ; `` when was the last time you were in the apartment . \u00a8 following us judicial protocol , i replied ; `` i ca n't recall '', 
  depends on the conversation . 
  on a birtday during a casual conversation it is n't that big a deal , if you stopping me on the street to ask where to guy i just want to explain it without it taking 5 minutes . 
  not nearly all cars have them . 
  it seems almost a u.s. brand only thing . 
  it 's almost exclusively us cars . 
  even for newer models . 
  all german cars i 've driven do n't have that ( vw , opel , audi ) . 
  and that were newer cars . 
  funny how you are assuming there is only on amazon warehouse in the entire usa . 
  owh , wait . 
  that is n't the case . 
  size is completely irrelevant if the warehouses are spread out evenly . 
  the states that do have one also have one day shipping . 
  see [ here ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/how-many-fulfillment-centers-does-amazon-have-in-the-us-2015-3?r=us&amp;ir=t ) how its spread out . 
  from the article :, 
   right now , piper jaffray analysts estimate that the locations of amazon 's fulfillment centers bring it within 20 miles of 31 % of population , but within 20 miles of 50-65 % of its core same-day addressable market ( jaffray came to this higher percentage by predicting that only households with an annual income of $ 50,000 would be interested in same-day delivery ) . 
  that 's not what he said at all . 
  the question was what the most expensive live lesson that someone got was . 
  paying over 1 mil to learn to not stick your dick in crazy is pretty expensive . 
  you do n't compare it with somewhere in a place where there is space , but with new york or something . 
  prices in the eastern part ( or even outside the big cities ) are much , much lower . 
  still not as low as that , but 5000/m2 is n't the norm . 
  can someone explain in numbers what the difference is between puppeting a country and annexing it ? 
  i know that when i puppet them they will basically my permanent ` ally ' . 
  but i 'm looking at it from a resource perspective . 
  how many manpower/ic/leadership / ... will it give me ? 
  does annexation even give any of that at all ? 
  also : practice , practice , practice . 
  make sure you understand the very basics and then get some experiences . 
  when i started hoi3 i began as spain , since you get in a war early on ( that you should be able win with almost no effort if you actually use tactics and battleplans ) and then can follow your own course . 
  i also liked playing the netherlands ( huge resources from indonesia ) and chili ( a minor power that can punch above his waist , you can annex the entire west coast and argentina ) . 
  thanks you and the entire team for the channel , love it . 
  for my question : what happened to pow ? 
  around week 30 you talked about the russian ( ? ), 
  army losing 5.000 ( ? ), 
  soldiers in 1 day as pow , after loosing 10.000 as pow the week before . 
  where did the people keep their pow ? 
  how did they get fed ( if they did ) , while sometimes even the front troops did n't get enough ? 
  did people care about them or are they just used as some sort of slaves to work ? 
  middle ground ? 
  currently playing as good guy italy . 
  or , well . 
  `` warmongering-but-not axis-italy '' is closer to the truth .
