my cancer is 24 and i 'm black . 
  my gues is that you will need 16 cancer to become brown . 
  you should test swimming in nuclear waste for + / 10 seconds , that will give you 18 cancer . 
  i hope i helped you out here . 
  how do you know that his cousin is n't a medic and is saving the lives of the innocent by healing them of the wounds they have ? 
  you 're fucking with use , ai n't you ? 
  every single time ... 
  just get your freaking army back from every single corner in the world and only let them stay in places where needed . 
  upvotes to you sir . 
  my little brothers gf is in the opposite situation . 
  she does n't think she 's to fat but there mother does ( she so tiny as as stick ), 
  you do n't do that anymore ? 
  my history classes where literately like that . 
  i learned about the caveman , that a couple months about the medieval 's and about how great the netherlands is ( not a single word about the war crimes they did in india ) . 
  then for + / - 2 years about that we are so silly with the holocaust and stuff . 
  and that 's it !, 
  not about anything that happens abroad . 
  not even wwi ( that if you ask me was at least as bad as wwii in europe ), 
  even after 17 years i do n't know the streets in my village , do n't be ashamed brother . 
  sometimes you need to bring out the big guns . 
  back in my day , we did n't had a cellphone . 
  worst shadowing ever it that 's a mouth and nott a nose . 
  just bang on it and pretend that what you 're doing is awesome . 
  no one without knowledge will ever know !, 
  how old were you ( + / - ) where you when you realised it and asked ( told ) someone about it ? 
  i do n't know what that means [ ] ( / omg `` omg '' ), 
  neither do i know how to use ragefaces !, 
  apple sued samsung for making the galaxy 11.1 look like a ipad , but apple photoshopte a image that compares the ipad and galaxy 11.1 so that the ratio looks the same . 
  in the netherlands you are being sentenced as a adult , but until you 're 21 your parents are financially responsible for you . 
  so when you ca n't pay the fine/bills your parents are responsible for that and have to pay it . 
  upvote for the hats, 
  no , you ai n't . 
  i had to read it like 4 times before i noticed the double `` the '' . 
  you do n't ? 
  i was 7 years and i remember watching it live ( not even american ) . 
  wait till the baby says `` daddy '' as her first word and troll as hard as possible . 
  so you had sexy time , right ? 
  u sir , are the smartest person ever . 
  that 's a reminder for college . 
  english is a hard language . 
  i , not being american , do n't get it ? 
  the towns that where told to start with experimenting told the gov to fock off , so i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  i 'm 17 and allowed to have sex from the age of 14 , i do n't believe it 's illegal for me . 
  trying to be nice ? 
  letting him know that it is a part of life ? 
  trying to be supportive ? 
  if he turned out to be abusive when she tells him to , did n't she told it him then ? 
  and your point was ? 
  after they fought together with the nazi 's to invade poland etc. 
  you where `` almost '' taken away , why did n't child services ( is that how it 's called in the states ? ), 
  eventually decided to not take you away ? 
  and where you assaulted by one of your parents or by a total stranger ? 
  second that . 
  could n't he donate stuff to charity work ( ha\u00efti , africa , salvation army etc ) or a charity shop ? 
  you do n't trow it away , you just give it to a go-between that gives it to someone else . 
  how do you stand towards the isra\u00ebl-palistan conflict ? 
  do you think that both are to be blamed and land should be shared as in the 1947 un plan ( or a look-a-like ) or have isra\u00ebl / palistan exclusive right to the entire land ? 
  are you planning to keep the us pro-isra\u00ebl and will you try to veto every un resolution against isra\u00ebl ( like is happening now ) ? 
  or should it be attitude of the us be middled ? 
  i per-orderd the game , but since i 'm in europe i had to be imported ( thanks to license holders it 's delayed until somewhere 2012 for the eu ) so i have to wait until next week . 
  than the package will arrive . 
  as a mexican , i took your job . 
  you know that in master mode the note 's do n't appear on the screen ? 
  so , did your dad try it ? 
  maybe not for me , but for the developer it is . 
  when i 'm highly in doubt about buying a game or not and there ai n't a demo available , i download it to try . 
  but after i downloaded it the motivation of buying the game disappears , even if i just love the game . 
  i just hated the demo !, 
  it made me not buy the game . 
  but when i was able to download it for free thanks to the psn hack , it became a instant classic . 
  i 'm still playing it almost every day . 
  * my work here is done *, 
  i knew your pain brother ... 
  it was horrible . 
  over 150 hours of working , sweating and bleeding . . just gone . 
  no , it 's not . 
  in dutch , the v would be v\u00e9 ( but when a american would speak it out , vay would get more closely ) and the same is for the w ( w\u00e9 , but with accent way is more accurate ) . 
  how did you get to money to go to america ? 
  and how did you get there ? 
  you eat pizza at 06.30 ? 
  and trow them in jails solves all the problems !, 
  what a smart solution !, 
  would you imagine that we did n't put them in jail but gave them therapy so that they wo n't do it again , instead of serving their years and just go on with it . 
  would that be just insane ? 
  count me in . 
  started the 5th of november . 
  a c ai n't a bad grade ? 
  it 6/10 if i 'm correct . 
  that is just perfect . 
  so much cliffhangers !, 
  living in almost any of the other country outside the us ? 
  unfortunaly , that automaticly makes you the bad guy . 
  what school teached me about wwii ( netherlands ) : germany invaded poland in 1939 and the netherlands , belgium and france in 1940 . 
  in 1944 the us did a beachlanding and liberated france and belgium ( with some help of the british ) . 
  then they liberated the netherlands , fought themself a way into germany and won the war . 
  and that 's it . 
  nothing about russia , poland , canada ... we also learned that we where liberated on the 5th of may . 
  thats only partly true . 
  the us forgot about texel , but georgia and canada did n't . 
  thank you georgia and canada , for not forgetting texel and truely liberating the netherlands .
