  because we are . 
  i 'm only 18 years old and already the highest educated person in the family ( i just finished pre-college and started with college ) . 
  and to add more weight to that , i learned what i know a couple weeks ago , they 20 years ago . 
  yes , they knew thing i do n't . 
  otherwise they would n't be able to do their job . 
  but i learned how to measure how far a planet is away , how to write a poem in a trochee , the basics of how cancer works and that all in the same week . 
  now lets look to my brother . 
  in the netherlands we have a different kind of high school with different levels ( 1 to lowest , 6 the highest ( actual naming is different ) ) . 
  most people do level 4 , but he is currently in level 2 and in his third year . 
  my parents are not able to help him with his homework . 
  i need to do that . 
  if they are going to help them , he 's not going to learn anything . 
  what me takes 10 minutes to explain in a way he fully understands , takes them 30 minutes to understand the problem before they are going to explain it wrong . 
  and sometimes when they try to help , he knows the right answer but they are trying to force to wrong answer on him because they do n't understand why my brothers answer is the good answer . 
  i love my parents very much , but much is changed since they finished school . 
  my mother was send to a school for housewives and my dad became a mechanic . 
  they do n't need to know the thing that i need to know to get the degree i have , that what makes the difference . 
  then jump out of a plane . 
  naked . 
  you can always say `` that remembers me of the time that i jumped out of a plane ... 
  naked . '', 
  exactly like this ... that poor vagina . 
  better tape your dick to your body when you jump . 
  well , better start speaking dutch or german . 
  sorry that i sometimes make mistakes when i need to keep 3 languages from getting messed up with each other . 
  no , it 's not . 
  this was because the airline company is a retarded fuck . 
  this is not the first time this happened with a plane from vueling . 
  a year ago this plane has the exact same problem in france . 
  and the reason they found the bomb was because the area was turned into a digging site . 
  in wwii schiphol was heavenly bombed by the allies because the axis used it as a military airport . 
  when expending the highway near schiphol and building tunnels for bicycles they had to change plans a couple times because of the bombs . 
  there are just to many to clean up . 
  no worries , i did n't take it that way . 
  just liked to point out how vueling sucks at following rules and pointing out why there where so many bombs in that area . 
  welll , you can buy a whole bread for 1,50 . 
  noe buy some cheese and a cup for lemonade and you have 1-2 weeks of lunch for only 5 bucks . 
  than why again should those 270 miners be charged with murder ? 
  gasoline costs around 3.81 a gallon ( found out with a quick google search ) in the us . 
  in the netherlands a gallon gasoline costs 8.34 . 
  and more than 50 % of it is taxes . 
  the crashes maldonado causes are stupid , but not really dangerous to somebody . 
  the crash that grosjean caused was dangerous to a degree that somebody could easily lost his head or suffer permanent brain damage at least . 
  which crash that maldonado caused putted somebody in as much danger as alonso was now ? 
  [ link ] ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdz4fjzq-h4#t=0m28s ), 
  closest i could get . 
  holy shit o.o. 
  they are gorgeous . 
  source ? 
  can you define help ? 
  are you sending the cops or something ? 
  she says `` sto '' . 
  there is no p. 
  elaborate ? 
  thank god !, 
  i tought you were going to say that you could n't do it anymore because your hart issues and would give us a speech about how we should n't wait . 
  i do n't believe that one . 
  i just ca n't wrap my mind about it . 
  people are still posting in there . 
  and i 'm talking about posting seriously fucked up shit . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/t0ynr/throwaway_time_whats_your_secret_that_could/?sort=new ), 
  currently at 38757 comments . 
  what happend overhere !!!? 
  i think they are , but since it 's seems that nobody is actually trying to contact them . 
  ca n't expect them to browse / r/iama and see this . 
  iirc that was only in the last season so that the drivers and teams could get used to the tires and to prevent a team from finding the ideal balance . 
  but that was only for `` 11 , not for `` 12 . 
  as someone who does n't know shit about cpr and drowning :, 
  it make more sense to me that warm water would increase the time you have before you drown . 
  you 're body uses less energy/o2 to produce heat when you 're surrounding is hot ( based on my own logic ) . 
  why is it that you could survive longer in cold water ? 
  for my internship i needed a resume that would help me getting an interview in the local government . 
  for my part-time job i needed a resume for 5 different kinds of companies , so i kept chancing my resume . 
  itt : nobody talking about how a good friend ruined a friendship , only bitching on op or his friend . 
  the mods already adressed this . 
  sometimes celebrities see a request for them and actually do an ama . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  and i do n't really use scifi movies for explaining things like this . 
  they tend to be pretty inaccurate . 
  i tought that here grandpa was deaf so she could turn the sound off without him noticing . 
  now she 's home with here bf/husband and is n't able to switch it off , because her bf/husband does n't want that . 
  edit : changed wording, 
  yeah , i understand that now . 
  i lost some words in editing my reply . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i need to remember this . 
  i already have the suit , just need to rent a porsch . 
  since there are more then 1 car podium worthy , yes . 
  i 'm so relieved with that ending . 
  i was thinking of murder-screaming and that we would get a homicide story . 
  how could you !, 
  that 's just shitty . 
  here in the netherlands it 's about the percentage of total votes . 
  the vvd got 41 seats ( / 150 ) and the pvda 38 . 
  that 's because in almost every gemeente vvd got 1 % more . 
  that would mean that if it matters in how many area you votes the vvd would get around the 140 seats and pvda 10 . 
  that 's kinda big difference . 
  go to a company that organizes trackdays in supercars . 
  overhere we have a company that does that and they let you drive formula cars , porch ` es , vipers and so on . 
  or take a parachute jumpingcourse .
