  after massa 's incident they did n't start using closed cockpits and backends either . 
  what happened today should be prevented in the future by protocol changes . 
  that 's the only reasonable solution . 
  so just like monaco , singapore and large parts of montreal . 
  how would n't they ? 
  yeah . 
  i meant to ask how they would n't respond to a freak incident . 
  at least pretend that you searched before posting this . 
  you 're the third guy asking this since the race . 
  a counterpoint ? 
  why does every single guy like you need his own tread ? 
  just post is in the freaking post race discussion . 
  you 're like the 10th guy coming with this brilliant post about starting this discussion . 
  either you 're really , really bad at searching or you did n't . 
  the 3th search result on `` cockpit '' is about this , and it was posted ( atm ) 4 hours ago , 3 hours before yours . 
  the link is to the yt channel of the police corps of rotterdam east . 
  they have [ more ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koavnsznwhu&amp;list=uuxspmrppq7fj4w3ltwpw-sg ) videos like this . 
  in that video they 're going to a location to perform cpr . 
  and your source is ? 
  read wheel drive . 
  it took me your and gti 's comments to reread what he said and understand what he meant . 
  i can see where it came from . 
  that depends . 
  softcovers provide easier handling and lower weight , but wear faster . 
  hardcovers are harder to handle and weight more , but are also more durable . 
  blue guy probably got his girl form googling `` hot blond chick '' or something . 
  reversing searching the image you found with google on google would lead to a result . 
  [ much , much better quality in a better angle ] ( http://youtu.be/7jf3gc2a0_8 ), 
  i 've watched this probable a couple dozen times by now , but i still do n't understand what he expected to happen ... 
  they are most of the times . 
  it 's beating a dead horse . 
  because they learn so much by getting those emails ... 
  they already addressed the issue and made a pubic apology on their fb page . 
  well , how long does diner take ? 
  30 minutes ? 
  i do n't see why you could n't go 30 minutes without updates that were n't there . 
  which propably is the worst condition possible . 
  / r/fellowkids ( / r/medekinderen ? ), 
  i do n't see anyone call him highly trained , do you ? 
  would n't you just aim somewhere and still get around the same place every time ? 
  if bruno and carl both would wear a black hat , dick would know he has a white hat and say he has a white had . 
  carl knows this . 
  dick does n't speak up , so carl knows that he and bruno wear a different colored hat . 
  carl sees that bruno has a white hat , which means that he must have a black hat . 
  then it is n't chicken feed . 
  ot : waarom is je flair night shift ? 
  it was so horrible that people used inters , while they did n't use them at the start of the race ... 
  because rain races are fun and the tires are build to handle it . 
  when it was to much for the tires to handle they red flagged . 
  yeah , i also prefer killing them first . 
  i tried watching v8sc , but it 's really hard to follow here . 
  watching live is n't an option and replays are hard to find . 
  i prefer dtm , who simply put everything on their youtube channel . 
  when did he say that ? 
  [ here he did n't , even thought it was reported otherwise . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/2ijeep/schumacher_can_live_normal_life_again_todt/cl2p38n ), 
  i read somewhere on here that wings like that are directing the wind to the cooling . 
  look up the history of the county and those surrounding it and you 'll know . 
  push ? 
  that 's how those comments are supposed to be posted . 
  how ? 
  i still do n't see how it 's a sad picture . 
  its fucking stupid to say something like `` do n't '' . 
  people up vote the post because they think it 's interesting , why should n't they ? 
  when did they do that ? 
  i ca n't remeber that ever happening . 
  that 's something new that they will do every race , idiot . 
  yes , i am . 
  everyone is close to eachother and i like the track ( when ignoring the conrete jungle ) , but it just does n't have any action going on . 
  no sport in the world is seperated from politics . 
  mostly because a budget cap is fucking stupid . 
  the car manufactory teams could just source their f1 research to their road car division or other racing cups . 
  the only thing that would change is more bureaucracy . 
  what kind of mouse do you have ? 
  i do n't think i changed my batteries in 2 years . 
  yes , that 's why ww2 happened . 
  which starting weight should i use/did you use when starting with strong lifts ? 
  the recommondation is starting with an empty ( 20kg ) bar for bench , squat and ohp and adding 2,5 kg every workout . 
  this just seems wrong for those lift . 
  you can squat much more then you can bench . 
  i would say start heavier with squats or add 5kg every workout . 
  thoughts ? 
  what did you do ? 
  that 's not really what he 's aiming for . 
  it 's more that those 30 day challanges are seen as the ultimate goal , you see people bragging about starting with it , only to never hear from them again . 
  i found that drinking calories is much easier then eating them . 
  the [ proteinchef ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pljb8blhm39oug7bmytehlqspopny7odqv ) has a lot of shake recipes . 
  i took it as him starting with lifting 7-8 months ago and doing mc 4.5 months . 
  hoe kan dat nou , label b ? 
  not that bad , since people give him attention . 
  that 's a *** lot *** of work . 
  where do you bike ? 
  that 's why op asked if it hurts . 
  if it was intentional , op would learn something new . 
  if it was n't , the lifter would be helped . 
  no harm done . 
  's middags of 's ochtends ? 
  not . 
  it 's not meant as compensation , it 's meant as punishment . 
  this has been the case for more then 60 years .
