  russia was mentioned 3 times . 
  once when they signed the pact . 
  once when germany broke the pact and started the invasion of russia and once when they marced into berlin . 
  details about the east-front ( stalingrad etc ) is not mentioned . 
  battle of britain is only mentioned as `` ooh , by the way : there was some battle above the canal '' . 
  a lot of older men do remember it yes ( my grandfather saw the canadian tanks driving into our city to liberate us ) , and the same counts for people from apeldoorn and arnhem ( city 's that where liberated by canada ) . 
  but in classes it 's not/almost not mentioned . 
  they do n't have to . 
  i see that at soccertraining . 
  50 % of the 14y olds look like 12/13 and the other 50 % like they are 16y . 
  seriously , why did all you guys parents give so much shit about it ? 
  in the netherlands it 's also around the 2500usd a year , including the books . 
  we have a government that gives a shit about students and their carreer and they understand that not every 16-20 year old has 100.000 usd on his/her bankaccount . 
  just use your tong to close the bottle ? 
  he took rage into a whole new level . 
  he isn \u00b4 t fappable anymore . 
  a couple years ago in belarus a father actually killed both the judge as the cop who did it to his daughter . 
  he killed them both , as the judge and the cop where both corrupt . 
  he flew to poland and now lives there with his daughter . 
  story turned out to be a little different :, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.rense.com/general88/judge.htm ), 
  the videolink is also very intressting ( a interview and the little girl showing what those men did ) . 
  in april 2010 he was found death at 30km from kaunas :, 
  [ source ] ( http://www.croatiantimes.com/news/around_the_world/2010-04-22/10513/death_wish_dad_found_dead ), 
  edit : poland invited him to flee to poland , but as far as i know he declined their offer . 
  who is it ?? 
  tell me !, 
  maybe not . 
  for shooters ? 
  almost certain that it 's like pudie said . 
  dying does n't make you a nicer person . 
  i laughed in rl . 
  take those upvote 's !, 
  i want this to be answered , please, 
  so that they can see you need to stfu ? 
  law enforcement have better things to do than arresting people that are trying to give children a good day . 
  that 's how i once ended up in the hospital . 
  was cooking some turkisch and i got the oil in one of my eye 's . 
  how do you pay the lawyer ? 
  i know that i do n't have 30.000 usd under my pillow , and i think not many people do . 
  i thought that military people got trained to win fights , not to think they are going to win . 
  same thing here , 18 years old . 
  i ca n't even talk about female friends at al. 
  first thing they do is iinterrogate me about her . 
  she needs to die . 
  and the vet too . 
  how can a vet do something like this ? 
  some old bitch in my street wanted to do the same thing with someone else 's cat , because that cat was blind and she tough it was just sad that the cat was blind . 
  but the vet did n't put the cat down . 
  i do n't no if there is , but the war is technically still going on . 
  the only thing signed was a armistice . 
  but from time to to nk still shoot torpedo 's to sk vessels and shell sk islands . 
  in 2000 there was a summit , where jong ( nk leader ) met dae ( sk leader ) . 
  there they decided that they where going to talk , nk and sk families can meet up once a year and that they would start a economic cooperation ( sounds big , but it only means that importing nk/sk stuff is n't that a problem anymore in sk/nk ) but there only reason nk showed up , is because sk paid them 500 million usd . 
  kill it with fire, 
  thanks for explanation . 
  you know that european schools ai n't factories ? 
  til j.r.r tolkien typed the entire lotr triology . 
  the entire nato with their ground forces in iraq had a huge saying in that matter . 
  and the iraqi 's did n't arrest him , the us did . 
  but they did n't kill him . 
  it happens that i do n't understand the simple wikipedia . 
  not because the subject is to hard , but because i just do n't get the language . 
  it to simple written . 
  ... . you do n't have pillow fights in your underwear [ ] ( / poker ) ? 
  my dreams ... 
  that 's not how i meant it . 
  i mean that i ca n't follow the structure of the text anymore . 
  yeah , i think i 'm feeling better now . 
  i 'm from the netherlands . 
  and i 'm embarrassed by our politicians . 
  they love to suck america dick . 
  [ and this ] ( http://www.robotlibre.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/fox-news-egypt-e1296425174461.jpg ), 
  yeah , boobs [ ] ( / foreveralone ), 
  because it 's easy to blame the president . 
  there is a entire government that fucks up and blocks bills that can help the economy , but blaming a face is easier . 
  that how it always was and always will be . 
  a focks up , pres a gets the blame . 
  people vote on pres b , gov b focks up , pres b gets blamed . 
  and so one . 
  after obama , there will be a new president . 
  and the same thing will happen again . 
  he wanted to date a girl . 
  girl told him she would n't date such a loser and starts yelling to everybody that that loser just asked her out . 
  bitch used heroine and died . 
  in the beginning in gta iv . 
  where you go with dimitri to that porn store and you have to shot one of them in the knee 's . 
  i killed hundreds of people in gta iv , but i never felt myself so guilty before . 
  even tough i did n't kill him . 
  he just wanted to be nice !, 
  he told me i could be in one of his films ... and every time i replay gta iv , i 'm still shocked by that action . 
  i do ( did ? ), 
  it and i had played guitar before . 
  and i was a bit disappointed . 
  the game is awesome , but i just ai n't able to read what i have to do . 
  it really slows me down and makes that the game bores me . 
  some of the songs on rocksmith that i can play in `` real '' , i ca n't play in rocksmith cause i just ca n't read it . 
  and since i have a memory of a 5yo , just remembering what notes you use in `` real '' does n't really help me . 
  ai n't is storytime somewhere in the world ? 
  inside a dimmer there is a lot of wire .
