  in the us you are limited to 80/85 mph , but in germany there is n't a speed limit everywhere . 
  plus that it enables you to race on trackdays . 
  there are more places you can drive than the public road . 
  i do n't understand you answer . 
  did you had to buy 2 copies of w8 to upgrade 2 pc 's , or can you re-use the upgrade ? 
  the netherlands . 
  around 1.85 eur/litre . 
  makes 2,39 usd/litre makes * 3,8 = 9,08 usd/gallon . 
  thank you for being one of the few 30 + people that think that way . 
  do you have a recent source of that ? 
  there where rumors about that before the plan came out , but after that i did n't hear anybody report about it . 
  in have never , ever seen that . 
  not on vacation in italy , germany , swiss and austria . 
  neither in the netherlands . 
  i 'm like 90 % sure i would n't even pay that fee if it was n't mentioned before . 
  you 're sure you 're not mixing the us and europe up ? 
  i have a couple waiter friends and even tough they do n't hit the jackpot , they make a decent wage without the tips . 
  minimum wage is very important here . 
  hitler pulled the world out of the great depression and let the development of technology to a whole new level . 
  plus he created a lot of socialist rules that a lot of country 's still enforce . 
  people lost their house , their home and everything they own . 
  some parts of town are still without electricy . 
  i think that they are more important than the runners that had trained for months . 
  every resource avaible should go to those people , not divided to them and runners . 
  i had the same feeling , only did n't play the first level with him . 
  at the last level , i lost him at first . 
  and i actually panicked . 
  that guy came to me after i fall of a cliff . 
  he showed me the way in the tower . 
  it was my guide , and i was his companion . 
  when i found him again , i was so relieved . 
  or when they talk to eachother ... 
  because he hates gays and minorities and wants to deny them equal rights . 
  and santorum lied about us ( dutch ) !, 
  it 's unacceptable to put our norms to shame to win votes , and then even lie about our society . 
  link to video 1 : [ click ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9nsky722pc ) . 
  link to video 2 : [ click ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0v4u0doax3y ), 
  i disagree . 
  every single word can be used as a prase to bully people . 
  but there is a stereotype attached to the word `` gay '' that no one wants to be . 
  calling somebody gay is like saying they dress like a woman , have a little girl voice , look like a pussy , etc. 
  i do n't know about the us , but we can issue a civil arrest ( poorly translated ) . 
  when somebody commits or want to commit a crime ( now domestic violonce ) we are allowed to use reasonable force , say `` i put you under civil arrest for domnestic violance '' and hand them over to the police . 
  i think that that would be your safest bet . 
  which country ? 
  i 've the opposite experience . 
  what ? 
  story behind this ? 
  while your busy at it , you can name the other ones too . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  read this !, 
  ( or do n't . 
  does n't really mather for me ), 
  i 'll tell you my story ,, 
  on my last first date we went to the movies . 
  when we meeted eachother we gave eachother 3 kisses on the cheeks . 
  congrats , you ( well , i ) just broke the touch barrier . 
  that makes any touching to follow much easier . 
  you can now touch here side and guide her a little to the theater . 
  we watched a horror movie ( yes , very cheese , but you 'll see way it 's the genre to go ) . 
  during a scary moment i took here hand to comfort her . 
  yeay !, 
  you ( well , still me ) are holding hands with her . 
  the next step is very similar . 
  first , be sure that she is comfortable with holding hands ( i knew when she did n't pull her hand back and squeezed it when there was a scary moment ) . 
  then , when there comes another monent , put your arm around her and hold here against you . 
  almost there !, 
  you guys ( me and her ) are now doing some sort of cuddling . 
  now , when the movie calmed down a bit , close in and kiss her on the cheek . 
  you 've already done that when greeting , so it does n't feel that `` weird '' doing it again . 
  this can be repeated multiple times . 
  when the movies are over you guys can leave the theater . 
  we walked to a spot that was a little quieter . 
  then we just rolled in and kissed . 
  no unexpecting kissing , no letting her close her eyes . 
  just roll in and do it . 
  when you got this far she wants to kiss you to . 
  she is then actually waiting to kiss you . 
  you do n't need to worry about getting rejected , she wants you . 
  doing this as soon as possible is very important !, 
  the biggest difference between friendship and ( possible ) relationship is sexual tension and interrection . 
  as far as you let me see , there is n't any interrection at the moment . 
  acting on the tension is n't weird , but waitin to long makes it very scary and makes you look insecure . 
  that is because dumb users . 
  on 9gag it 's mostly from `` power users '' who are connected to the owners of the site . 
  see [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/zajic/9gag_repost_machine_explained/ ) conspiracy . 
  you should move to an other city then . 
  the sentences are reasonable and countries like sweden , finland and us show that jailtime does n't mather that much . 
  however , i do agree that the child sentences are to low . 
  this is something people seem to forget . 
  when people are thinking `` welp , better not kill that guy . 
  otherwise i need to go to jail . '', 
  you have a serieus problem in society . 
  people should think `` better not kill that guy , doing that would just be wrong . '', 
  i think he 's saying that you should n't leave in a society where people think `` better not kill that guy , otherwise i go to jail '' , but in a society where people think `` better not kill that guy , murder is wrong '' . 
  that 's were long jailtime sentences go wrong . 
  they relay on the first option , while rehabiltation if focussed on the second . 
  maybe . 
  at first i tought it 's a military speech , not rugby .
