  similar videos were posted in the post and then the comments were mostly positive . 
  this gets asked very often , so you should be able to find the answer somewhere here or on / r/askhistorians . 
  how would you argue for that ? 
  how does that confirm that ? 
  it could also be to make the big ass hole in the wall smaller , since isolation was n't so good back then . 
  to bad you did n't post any sources . 
  our english is so advanced , we would n't noticed it if they would say nederlands . 
  so why bother , 
  he removed all the others mods and made some of his buddies from braveryjerk mod . 
  then they set the sub to private and destroyed the css . 
  i meant for them being better/more important then squats . 
  glad i could help . 
  why does / r/canada have such a cool name for their drama ? 
  / r/cirkeltrek will allow you to fight alongside us . 
  gentleman , dig up the klomp of war , ready the dykes and prepare to flood the polders !, 
  yes . 
  him saying that is not a source . 
  and if what he says is accepted as the truth , it would be really easy to link to other sources . 
  very mature , bashing on someones english . 
  did n't your mom love you enough ? 
  battle of netherlands when trying to stay english . 
  well , ca n't say you do n't live in an interesting household . 
  okay , but the netherlands would by civil law , while what other judges say is seriously important and can change laws in the long con . 
  done, 
  mwha . 
  also , ocd . 
  not people saying `` i have ocd '' , but posts like `` what 's the most ocd thing you 've ever done ? '', 
  were very populair for a while . 
  is n't the fine simply put just in the mailbox of the owner of the bike ? 
  yes , totally valid to wish them dead ... 
  does n't matter . 
  you loaned your bike to someone , so it 's your responsibility . 
  possible , but the other user said `` i hope '' . 
  alright , forgot for a moment only positive comments were allowed . 
  roughly the same length as the others on the podium . 
  it 's even stupid , since they 'll race again in melbourne . 
   is f1 losing it 's soul ? 
  every post-season discussion ever . 
  neither does having success in formula 1 . 
  `` still have n't confirmed '' = / = saying outright that it wo n't happen, 
  and did mercedes and lewis say it would n't happen when the rumours started coming ? 
  everywhere where netlix is available , except the u.s. and possibly the uk . 
  i took it as canada not having to spend much on military , so it 's able to spend money on free healthcare . 
  war always was a constant thing , it only became less and less . 
  no , they did n't . 
  some wars lasted hunreds of years . 
  now we already start talking about war having no ends after 10 years . 
  leif erikson going to america did n't mean shit for the colonisation . 
  of course we learned about columbus discovering it . 
  and i do n't know what you learned about columbus , but in my clas he only got meantioned 5 seconds . 
  you know , because us history does n't really matter to us . 
   we are going to the gym 6 days, 
   we 're both 16, 
  this checks out . 
  other argument would be that it 's fucking stupid to use technical solutions instead of social . 
  putting a camera on them does n't solve the underlaying problem . 
  no , i 'm saying the opposite . 
  putting camera 's in a bank wo n't stop the bank employees from wanting to steal money . 
  you 're relaying on someone watching them to keep things going clean . 
  however , they should be able to work clean without someone keeping an eye on them . 
  keeping an eye on them is n't an reliable measurement . 
  meanwhile , the employees who do not want to steal money feel untrusted and fear making a mistake in complex situations and do n't want to work for their employer anymore . 
  fock off if you do n't have anything to say , the adults are speaking . 
  somehow almost the entire civilised world is able to keep their police corps in check , but the u.s. just had to screw it up . 
  that the u.s. is unable to train their police force does n't mean it 's impossible . 
  they 're not , that 's what makes this solvable . 
  if the u.s. was a special snowflake , then they would have to come with such measures . 
  of course they should be supervised . 
  the difference is between supervising them very minute of their job and supervising them them see how they handle their power . 
  please , go back to your mother . 
  for you know you lose her . 
  it get some real argument instead of `` you did n't spend 10 years researching behaviour and police issue , so it 's unsolvable ! '', 
  you can try again . 
  not a problem . 
  some people are simply too mentally challenged to read something that is n't 100 % correctly formulated . 
  here 's a thought : maybe , just maybe , being on mobile screwed some things up . 
  they 're not insured ? 
  1815 best year of life !, 
  op delivered !, 
  wait whut ? 
  is there ? 
  i only ever see people that this misconception exists and is wrong , never someone believing it . 
  i do n't see why that would be the case . 
  this already happens in the months/weeks/days before the race itself . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't happen . 
  i 'm saying that it also happens without the restrictions . 
  f1 being a teamsport , i do n't see any reason to not allow it . 
  that 's one of the most populair opionions you could have around here ... 
  is marussia still getting paid for finishing 9th ? 
  i read somewhere that you have to race the last race to be able to receive the money . 
  see / r/languagelearning , get have lots of information . 
  most languages also have their own language learning sub . 
  guess that it would be / r/learnjapanese for japanese . 
  they pay for it with ads . 
  do n't be an ass , disable adblock . 
  what has this to do with upgrading to pro ? 
  was in de jaren 90 ( ? ), 
  except it is , there being no risk at all . 
  same in a lot of anthems . 
  i 'm sorry to say , but i think you misread the question .
