  you will have trouble getting to 120 and 130 is only possible without breakfast going down a bridge with tailwind . 
  i know that i would not enjoy a 125cc as my primary bike and have a hard time imagining anyone else enjoying it either . 
  you just invested 1200 + euros in your a1 , ca n't drive much more then a tuned up scooter and will have to pay another 500 euros getting your a2 license . 
  honest question , is n't the only road worth it the road around the island ? 
  i 'm planning to maybe go to texel in a couple weeks for a drive , but i did n't see a lot more then that road . 
  you want to not walk out with a new bike , not sell your old . 
  ww1 has ended and italy is back for more . 
  being humiliated by the allies after ww1 and feeling hatred for the centrals , italy wants to show everyone what a might empire ( with an e ) italy can be . 
  i did n't think of writing an aar , so i have to do it with a couple old saves and i 've recreated some battleplans . 
  austria and hungary are the ones who started it all , so they shall be put down first . 
  forces push trough austria ( red arrows ) with almost no resistance and hungary ( green arrows ) is n't able to stop this roman train . 
  almost simultaneously with the attack on hungary italy attacked albania and bulgaria ( green arrows ) . 
  this allowed italy to attack romania from 2 fronts . 
  the southern army was ordered to hold the line in yugoslavia and the northern army pushed to the south . 
  greece provided the biggest challenge . 
  italy first attacked in the north , but without much progress . 
  the northern attack did force greece to keep sending troops there , making the left and central landingsspot for the amphibious a breeze . 
  after the landings they went for athens , supporting an amphibious landing directly at greece 's core . 
  this was not a campaign to annex every balkan nation . 
  greece and romania were on our side during ww1 and were released as puppets . 
  albania would follow a couple months later . 
  the second ( third ) of the central powers . 
  a small force was send south until they hit the water straight . 
  the northern mainforce took istanbul and divided itself . 
  alfa went further east and bravo went to the south , making it possible for the forces on the other side to pass with ease . 
  from then on it was just moving around the mountains until we killed enough of them to let them see they had no chance . 
  [ but this is not enough ] ( http://imgur.com/mx4z3ie ) . 
  we wanted to take out germany , but our military advisers convinced our lord mussolini that we could not take them . 
  then what ? 
  we saw that germany was building a massive army . 
  first they attacked the east , then the west . 
  we decided to wait our chance . 
  after years of preparation and waiting , germany attacked russia . 
  we would not let that happen . 
  from turkey an army was sent north and from romania an army was sent north . 
  we knew we had to beat them to moscow , or else they would enforce drang noch austen , which would make use lose all our ground in russia . 
  [ after a year ] ( http://imgur.com/prqj8ql ) we had the black sea . 
  we pushed north and north and north . 
  at moments it was more a fight against the german advance then against the russian forces . 
  this is seen by the german enclaves in italy and italian enclaves in germany . 
  [ almost 2 years have passed ] ( http://imgur.com/zl3hgyh ) , and we took moscow . 
  a [ month later ] ( http://imgur.com/coe4udg ) russia was defeated . 
  after this war we went to vichy france . 
  we would take a hughe chunk from mainland france and get most of their africa colonies . 
  we allied ourself with republic spain , with who we hold good relations , and declared war on vichy . 
  this also made us go to war with germany . 
  at the same time the americans landed in the netherlands . 
  or so we though . 
  the usa had sent an expeditionary force to the netherlands so big legends will be told about this event for years . 
  not an single us led force hit the european ground this war . 
  [ this made defeat possible within 8 months ] ( http://imgur.com/blcanfh ) . 
  france was just a small shadow of what it used to be , germany was crushed and what was left became a part of italy and russia became an italian puppet . 
  italy took over 1 massive empire , 1 industrial powerhouse and anyone in between . 
  we have connected ports from the mediterranean sea to the baltic sea and from the atlantic ocean to the pacific ocean . 
  [ our powerhouse and spanish ally ] ( http://imgur.com/moewpzh ), 
  if i remember correctly ( started the game a while ago ) i attacked in early 1938 . 
  late 1937 at its earliest . 
  i 'm not really experienced enough to really pin pont anything specific that 's the secret . 
  the russian front lasted over 3 years , so it still was n't a walk in the park . 
  did you wait until the germans attacked them for a couple weeks ? 
  you do n't stand a change on your own . 
  let germany make the first blow . 
  this will make russia move his forces away from the southern regions and towards the central and north ( which is shown by finland being conquered by russia ) . 
  in a `` normal '' game germany is almost able to take russia on its own , now you still have the german forced , together with a not shitty italian force which was massive . 
  i ca n't really pinpoint any specific thing i did . 
  i did n't went east to much , since i knew that if german took russia i would loose all my ground . 
  making the black sea and the race to moscow my main focus also forced russia to pull back more and more to the main city , which made my flanks less treated . 
  but again , it still took 3 years . 
  the war in the pacific went fairly standard . 
  nothing really noteworthy happened there . 
  the biggest difference was not sending troops to europe , but sending them as expeditionary force under dutch control . 
  dus in krimpgemeentes en provincies . 
  source :, 
  scheelt je weer domme comments . 
  i have to make a small correction , it took a little over 2 years . 
  as you see in the screenshots , i skipped from 42 to 43 to 44 , which made me think it was 3 years . 
  my arm divisions had 2x arm , 1x mot and 1x td . 
  i did n't use any other arm composition . 
  inf divisions had 3x inf and 1x art or 1x at . 
  i started with not that many arm divisions . 
  i had roughly a 1:4 / 5 ratio arm : inf . 
  later this become somewhere around 1:3 . 
  why would you use cav ? 
  haha , problem . 
  was just really curious , never saw anyone use cav . 
  yeah . 
  i think it 's a bit ridiculous that you ca n't even fully release countries or liberate them when they 're not in your faction . 
  greece and romania provided great work , and i wanted to give them a reward.greece was a great addition on the turkish-russian border and romania even performed an amphibious landing in russia ( you can see a small dot of green there during the ita-rus war ) . 
  but that was n't possible . 
   general consensus here is that kimi is overrated, 
  are you making a joke ? 
  there could n't be a bigger pro-cirkeljerk . 
  super veel zin in !, 
  never heard of that before . 
  do you have a source ? 
  op [ deze ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqv1la87l7a&amp;ab_channel=learningtoskydive ) manier springen dus . 
  what ? 
  how did reddit became worse ? 
  do they really ? 
  the camera 's got a lot better , so we see the spray less .
