  just did some research into it . 
  it seems your right , never thought that dynamic ip 's where still common . 
  your parents ai n't related either ( or , i hope so ) , but you are still related to both of them . 
  this is no different . 
  did n't realized until now that it does n't say that . 
  mom did this !, 
  i wanted to apply for a job at a supermarket . 
  when i came home from school my mom told me she already had filled in a application for me ( without me knowing about it ) . 
  still got the job , i knew a lot of people that worked there and they convinced the manager to hire me . 
  mom did this !, 
  i wanted to apply for a job at a supermarket . 
  when i came home from school my mom told me she already had filled in a application for me ( without me knowing about it ) . 
  still got the job , i knew a lot of people that worked there and they convinced the manager to hire me . 
  did you tried different genre 's ? 
  ca n't imagine adel doing death metal with her voice . 
  just go to a other teacher , it 's worth a shot . 
  same problem overhere . 
  had a change to have the ( ex - ) head of the un military advisors as mod that had fought in the special forces and currently is employed by the navo as advisor . 
  ended up with a journalist . 
  did you tell your mother ? 
  seriously . 
  maybe if her own mother tells here that she 's just being mental retarded and that she 's doing a horrible job at parenting ( in this case ) she will see the light . 
  a thousand times this . 
  i think calling godwin 's law maybe even is a bigger ploblem than using the holocaust in a discussion . 
  especialy when right of the foreign minority is discussed . 
  maybe this ai n't that big a problem in the us ( i do not know ) , but over here you are just unable to compare some political views to nazi germany . 
  the holocaust happend , it can happen again . 
  in 1937 , nobody knew what horror would accure in the next 8 years . 
  ( sidenote : i still think that in the case of isra\u00ebl , there is not such a thing as holocaust-argument . 
  i think that israel is just trying to arouse pity . 
  ok , where can i donate my money ? 
  i think the question should be why nobody makes a `` fake '' ti that also will be allowed at hs and college/university . 
  why do n't they ? 
  if somebody made a `` fake '' ti he could sell it for 70usd and still get rich . 
  i do n't know . 
  why ai n't the hp/casio etc allowed ? 
  ( serious question , i do n't know ) . 
  and he used twitter to ask a musician about a political subject . 
  do you want to public it when you done , please ? 
  i think it could be a interesting read . 
  [ they just fucked me with my choices . 
  i choose anderson over udina , cause i knew he would step me in the back . 
  but the game just told me to just fuck off . 
  the same with the rachni . 
  i did save the , so it did n't effect me . 
  but others did n't save the queen , but somehow the queen survived !, 
  to be fair , it does n't make sense . 
  like the banshees are going to be like `` ho !!, 
  back of everybody !, 
  he touched the control panel . 
  better luck next time . '', 
  there 's a difference between not explaining something and not making any sense . 
  i 've spent 3 games realizing peace between species . 
  then starchild tells me that that 's impossible ? 
  i just did !, 
  and [ the reason the geth attacked you in me2/me3 is because the reapers told them so !, 
  so by telling the geth to destroy us , they save us from war with the geth ? 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  from the bsn :, 
   how the ending felt to me ( quote from reddit.com/r/gaming ) :, 
  it 's like if the harry potter books , all just wrapped up after all of, 
  that buildup with voldemort giving up and team america swooping in and, 
  saying that everyone is under arrest for terrorism, 
   the ending itself is n't that bad . 
  i thought the ending itself was very good . 
  only it did n't was a `` real '' mass effect ending . 
   bw promised that your choices mater , but they do n't . 
  there where a couple of major choices in me1 , and bw just ignored what you did . 
  bw promised that there would be a lot of different endings . 
  there ai n't . 
  there are only 3 , what sounds but the only difference is a other cut scene . 
  and you choose what you are going to do , literally in the last 2 minutes . 
   bw promised that mp was n't necessary to get the best ending , but it is . 
  for the `` best '' ending you need a lot of ewa ( effective war assets ) and almost full par/neg , or even more ewa . 
  bw promised that all the plot holes would be answered , but they gave us more . 
  they is n't a single question really answered , only partly . 
  and that gives us even more questions . 
   and that the problem with the ending . 
  it was good , but we did n't get what we where promised and got the ending of a different game . 
  and than the problem that the endings does n't make sense at all . 
  on youtube there are a couple of footages that show why the ending is bad :, 
  spoiler links :, 
  [ a `` hitler finds out ... '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b33tjx8iy0a ) that sums it up pretty good . 
  [ angry joe ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b33tjx8iy0a ) also came up with 10 reasons why the ending is bad . 
  there are even more reasons to it . 
  but it gives a pretty clear view . 
  [ and the option you are giving just suck . 
  or you choose to follow the same way saren did in me1 . 
  or you choose to follow tim like he did in me2 ending/me3 . 
  or you choose to follow anderson and be screwed . 
  all of the options are just idiot . 
  you fought 3 games to destroy the reapers , only to hear in the last minute that saren and tim made a very good point and that it 's a good idea to follow those 2 . 
  that just means that everything you did means nothing . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  how do n't you save them both ? 
  i do n't see what did i do right to save them ? 
  was enough par/reg enough or had it something to do with sidemissions ? 
  since they where fighting to save the galaxy , no ? 
  and especially joker would fight to the very end . 
  he 's adopted .
