  highway i assume . 
  holy crap that 's a lot . 
  what did it include ? 
  / r/casualiama ? 
  if those users would be the same . 
  in the first situation they 're taking jobs that are easy to do , so the jobs lower educated people ( and people with easier jobs in gener ) are getting taken . 
  when they do n't work they 're using subsides . 
  i do n't see the flaw in the logic . 
  both options are bad , just do n't come here at all . 
  note that this is n't my opinion . 
  for the same reason you talk about someone being short or tail , or having long or short hair . 
  it 's descriptive . 
  yes , it is . 
  just like the nile special . 
  this was horrible . 
  my least favorite special ( at the moment ) by far . 
  nothing really happened and the first halve seems very , very scripted . 
  the preview of p2 seems interesting , so let 's see what happens next ... 
  saw the down votes , just letting you know that i agree with you . 
  there are thousands and thousands of people who make dance music . 
  some of them will be more popular . 
  it seems weird to me that the officer is unknown , while quoting his diary . 
  there are 40km walking events that are meant to walk . 
  that 's what she 's doing , a 40km walk . 
  she has no reason to do a marathon . 
  it are different events with different goals . 
  that 's a possibility . 
  but i think that it would at least be possible to discover what the division of the officer was and could be labeled as '' - quote by officer of the xxx xx division/group / . . '' or something like that . 
  the only source that i could find for that quote was the [ national wwii museum in new orleans ] ( http://www.nationalww2museum.org/learn/education/for-students/ww2-history/d-day-june-6-1944.html ) ( section `` the armada strikes '' , subsection the sea armada ) . 
  that would be a reliable source ( unless there 's something wrong with them i do n't know about ) , but they do n't mention anything about it being from a diary . 
  or any source at all , for that matter . 
  i quote :, 
   there were that many ships out there . '', 
  but the sight of the approaching armada terrified the germans stationed on the coast . 
  one german officer marveled , `` it 's impossible ... there ca n't be that many ships in the world . '', 
  that 's all that 's mentioned about the quote . 
  i find it a doubtful quote . 
  put it in your wishlist and get a mail when it 's on sale . 
  it goes by very cheap . 
  what would have giving him a longer sentence accomplish ? 
  10 years is a really , really long time . 
  no , not really . 
  that 's only assuming that he will do it again . 
  over 8000 , now back at 7400 . 
  and do n't forget that a lot of subscribers are probably inactive , you would see the same names a lot . 
  except that no one said that and people were joking around . 
  you ca n't answer for this . 
  he tried to delete the proof of his wrong doing . 
  making a `` mistake '' is one , trying to hide it is a whole other story . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  to bad . 
  having a mechanical failure instead of a judging error does n't suddenly unfucks the race of massa . 
  it 's a teamsport . 
  the team should be punished . 
  there was a victim here . 
  i never said that someone needs to get a fine , i was talking about grid penalties . 
  but never mind , i forgot that no one should touch precious kobayashi . 
  he is the / r/formula1 god of course . 
  no , not really . 
  i just think it 's kinda sad to down vote someone to below -20 because you disagree with him . 
  i probably should ask you that question . 
  so let 's just down vote the guy who we disagree with . 
  i did n't say anything that should give me a down vote , i only had a different opinion . 
  and of purse 90 % of the people here would agree with me if it was vettel . 
  but this guy is seen as some kind of possible-legend-that-only-didn ` t-make-it-because-a-fuck-over . 
  just read the threats about who would get in which seat . 
  you could also try to explain it to him . 
  [ related ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znqjt3lywbq ), 
  is n't it funny how this gay flight attendant completely fits the stereotype ? 
  not really . 
  / u/zzay is downvoted because he did n't add anything to the discussion . 
  his comment has no value to the parent , he could have just upvoted . 
  i still disagree with downvoting him to ( at the moment ) -9 , that seems a bit unnecessary . 
  why do n't the mods hide the scores for 24 hour ( the maximum ) the next 2 weeks as an experiment ? 
  it seems that mass downvoting is the biggest problem . 
  why do you think that ? 
  because it is n't just moronic , it 's super moronic !, 
  yes please ? 
  i 've no idea where you 're talking about . 
  uk , us and germans make up a large majority of the reddit users . 
  the odds of him being in a situation where enlisting would actually help defend your own soil are pretty slim . 
  this is a joke right ? 
  is there any actual proof for that claim ? 
  i 've a hard time believing that . 
  i do n't think that / u/n1c0 _ ds was referring to cables 20m + long . 
  and i still doubt that it would be a significant loss . 
  so how it works in the netherlands ? 
  works pretty well . 
  why the question ? 
  we 're talking about wwii here , when they where actually protecting allied soil against a foreign invasion power . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  that the us only came to help when they where attacked ? 
  because that 's true . 
  change the dog in a lion ( or a haring ) and mention / r/thenetherlands and you have my vote for sure . 
  any reason for the dog ? 
  the other objects are obviously dutch , but i do n't see the connection with the dog and the netherlands . 
  he is . 
  i do n't see how anyone sees him breaking the wall . 
  you do n't have to be racist to want the immigrant stream to stop . 
  your first comment did .
