  we 've had multiple questions like this , though they are in dutch . 
  i only order my clothing online at www.zalando.nl or buy them at the local male fashion store ( mostly business clothing ) . 
  na , they would love him . 
  the depillarization started more then 50 years ago , would n't call that quite recently . 
  at least not when comparing to a group that split off 70 years ago . 
  were talking about the last 70 years , not 1500 . 
  that 's when the groups split up . 
  who thought that ? 
  which people ? 
  how is a widely accepted fact about senna that characterise him and many people love him for an unpopular opinion ? 
  really doubt that happened . 
  i never really get * why * they do n't use terms that at least make a little bit sense . 
  there is no way this was n't done on purpose . 
  then you do n't have a physical copy . 
  where does it say that transparent pee is bad ? 
  it only states that you maybe want to cut back since you 're more then hydrated enough . 
  seems that you do n't know anything about how betting brokers work . 
  how is he being a `` one-upper '' ? 
  he never said he had it worse . 
  it 's simply really unlikely you live in that kind of weather . 
   was not marked with white lines, 
  your point being ? 
  what makes you think that ? 
  i do n't see how overtakes in the pitlane would be more exiting then battling on the track . 
  except that that wo n't happen . 
  did you ever watch a f1 race with refuelling ? 
  there will not be more overtaking on the track and slower cars wo n't battle faster cars . 
  also did the same thing as a kid . 
  dentist even asked me if i wanted anaesthetics or not . 
  seems that it depends on how deep they 're going to drill . 
  when i was young the dentist asked me if i wanted anaesthetics or not . 
  said no and i was totally fine , glad i did n't do it . 
  seems to depend on how deep he needs to drill or something . 
  you missed the part about her literally being unable to be happy ? 
  do you have any proof of your statement that in most countries this would n't be the case ? 
  if you go to thailand to rape some small boys , you will be prosecuted for this when you arrive back home . 
  we even have posters of it on schiphol . 
  it always seemed to be me that it would at least be the same all over the eu . 
   and regardless of the accused 's nationality , country of residence , or any other relation with the prosecuting entity . 
  this is what most people seem to talk about and this is n't the case in anyway when you look at what 's happening right now . 
  it 's a dutch citizen that residences in the netherlands . 
  the extreme examples you named ( though i would argue that murder belongs to that category ) are regardless of the accused 's nationality , country of residence , or any other relation with the prosecuting entity . 
  that simply is n't the case here . 
  it 's a bit silly to compare an entire country to a city . 
  of course the city is less safe , that 's cities for you . 
  and just 3 months ago over a 100 people died in a terrorist attacked that was done in the name of isis . 
  and did you already forgot that last week [ isis killed 8 german tourists in istanbul ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35290760 ) ? 
   isis is not going to bomb any public transport system or anything where a muslim can get hurt in turkey because they do n't want to make turkey angrier than it already is . 
  there is absolutely no reason to believe that . 
  as i said , `` just 3 months ago over a 100 people died in a terrorist attacked that was done in the name of isis '' . 
  we are talking about tourists , which is why i specified them . 
  thought that was obvious . 
  / r/botsrights is the bigger sub ( 30x more users ) . 
  she was n't forced to abdicate because of that at all . 
  she ruled for 2 more years , helped building up the political system again and resigned when she got to sick . 
  well , he did get away with it for roughly 4 years . 
  really ? 
  i can understand that deadlifts could be a bit intimidating ( you use your back ) , but do n't really see how squats are that intimidating . 
  it 's an easy movement and failing just means `` setting down the bar on the safeties and sit down '' . 
  it 's easier to see a black dot move past something that burns with the fire of a million suns than a little ball of rock and ice floating way out in the dark it is then . 
  and in favor of the underground . 
   just the only one with the balls to say it . 
  he made a comment on reddit , not promote gay rights in 1950 . 
  and they do have facebook and twitter . 
  i do n't see how snapchat helps them reach that many more people or why anyone would watch their snapshots . 
  did n't even notice that at first , thought that the problem was the shadows on the floor . 
  yes , that 's an explanation on how companies use snapchat . 
  does n't mean works or is useful . 
  that was n't relevant to the article , so they could make a post about it if it failed . 
  doubt many 12-16 year old started to buy expensive cars because of the campaign ( if you can call a snapchat post that ) . 
  but snapchat is . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the article only addresses adult users and not under 18 's . 
  it does n't show us anything about the 12-16 year olds . 
  i only see a breakdown in percentages . 
  it still could be 99,9999 % 12-16 year olds and 20 adults ( yes , i know this is n't the case ) . 
  if you like to believe i said no one else uses it , that 's your problem . 
  and no one is talking about how they use it in that article . 
  different social media have different usages . 
  it 's a waste of money/time . 
  you 're not going to advertise mountaineering in a retirement home either , even though some seniors still climb mountains . 
  and then you still have the question about how users use social media . 
  snapchat has a completely different function in your social live then facebook or twitter , one that probably ca n't effectively be combined with marketing . 
  how often do you go to the dentist that she kept flirting for 2 months ? 
  what ? 
  there is a smaller font , so there are more words on a page . 
  if it was the same font size the book would be even thicker . 
  is de 2005 test . 
  no we 're not . 
  slaughter 12 million people because of their race/religion ? 
  the ban was lifted when he went to f1 . 
  of je doneert bloed , of je doneert plasma . 
  sleepingatairports.net provides information about staying at airports for longer times . 
  could be of some use . 
  whahaha !, 
  9h is goed '' . 
  is de theorie . 
  it can take some time to get used to . 
  and that was n't the reason , they hated him immediately . 
  edit :,
