  at 750 the music stopped ( this was pre-show ) and at 755 an announcement appeared on all the screens about what was going on and that at 8pm there would be 2 minutes of silence . 
  after that there was only a lot of people humbling . 
  at just for 8pm there was an announcement in dutch and english that there would be 2 minutes of silence now . 
  it was truly breathtaking to see 10.000 people in complete silence for 2 minutes . 
  and here we see a / r/atheism-nist in the wild . 
  let 's approach him very carefully . 
  took you 3 hours . 
   implying college sports are a thing or even exist, 
  most ? 
  in the randsrad area ( a12 , a4 , a44 ) all the roads seem to be 130 at night . 
  i went to frisia a couple weeks ago on the a6 ( ? ), 
  and it also seems to a 130 . 
  i would say that since january most roads are 130 . 
  that stuff is seeable on the entire mirror ... 
  know that you can also become glider pilot . 
  i do n't know about the us , but it would cost me 600eur/year to join a glider club , get a full course and fly on both the weekend days in the flying season . 
  depending on the club , in the winter you work on maintaining the gliders . 
  this way it 's easier to keep things cheap . 
  he is joking or misinformed . 
  dodge ( ? ), 
  made a funny commercial stating that electric cars need to have a sound and they proposed a leaf ( ? ), 
  with a ufo soundtrack . 
  some people took it a bit serious . 
  not really a scandal , more like a very successful 1 april joke . 
  better then what reddit or the subs self do . 
  it 's a training session and not representative for their actual performance . 
  it 's getting to know the track , figuring out how to adjust the car , testing new technologies , gathering data etc. 
  of shcool zone ? 
  no , it was a boring and very predictable race . 
  replies : 30, 
  sources : 0, 
  en communicatie met de leden ? 
  marietje over acta : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucvhh_bzpu8&amp;hd=1 ), 
  over persvrijheid in europa : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aiqzs73fq0&amp;hd=1 ), 
  over mensenrechtenschennis in bahrein : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmo8fouhz00&amp;hd=1 ), 
  schaake over dat d66 wepromise steunt : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr5xt1fox1w&amp;hd=1 ) . 
  ... what do you think social media is , if you ca n't post social or personal things ? 
  it 's basically how i learned english . 
  back in my days the best cartoons where english spoken with subs that where to fast to read . 
  also , english news articles . 
  or just the internet in general . 
  learned the basics in school , bettered it by using it . 
  this is just creepy . 
  especially the pictures of the users who posted the pic in the / r/askreddit threat . 
  she said it to us , not to him . 
  pretty sure the germans already visited france . 
  and where 's your reference to a almost identical situation but with a male driver to proof that ? 
  then it should n't be to hard to proof that if a male would have done this he would get a better sentence , is n't it ? 
  i do n't think it 's even close . 
  i would expect 2 watt instead of 2kw . 
  paging / r/theydidthemath, 
   no compulsory sterilisation required 3 %, 
  should n't that be like 30 % ? 
  not being forced to be sterilised seems a bit more important then marriage equality ( which is 12 % ) . 
  what do you mean ? 
  since this is about lgbt right it goes about lgbt rights and not other minorities , that 's correct . 
  i read on reddit that in denmark people do it on farms to let people know someone is home . 
  in the netherlands you mean ? 
  that 's not true . 
  the `` vlaggeninstructie '' ( flag instructions ) are only for government bodies . 
  you can do whatever you like at your own home . 
  you want to fight me , maat !, 
  il see you at waterloo !, 
  i would be surprised . 
  there is no way in hell a vendor is on salary . 
  but they where there as occupation force ? 
  if they where , why do n't we see that event as the start of us involvement in wwii ? 
   red cross of bosnia and herzegovina federation and used specifically for the flooding catastrophe . 
  i am in contact with them to make sure these funds are used for the right purpose, 
  that 's just a horrible idea . 
  donate the money to the red cross of bosnia and herzegovina , but let them decide what 's the most efficient and best way to spent the money . 
  i do n't know the current state of the red cross , but people saying `` i only want this money to be used for x '' is really bad for the foundation . 
  first of all , it created dead money . 
  after caterina and the 2004 tsunami , people started demanding that their donation is only used for cause x. 
  money is n't always needed that much . 
  if 1 million is enough to relief the victims but 2 million is specifily donated to help those victims , you have 1 million dollar of dead weight that could be used elsewhere . 
  secondly , i think it 's very egocentric to only donate to one cause . 
  what makes this more important then the aid projects in sudan ? 
  you heard of this . 
  you heard that x is happening and decide to help them , and only them . 
  if you really want to help and not just be able to brag about helping a well known cause , donate 5-10 bucks a month to your own red cross or a mho like doctors without borders . 
  not only when you see something on reddit . 
  there are many people that need help , but do n't get media coverage . 
  in this comment section :, 
  http://i.imgur.com/behgq2a.jpg ( not my creation , had it saved on my pc ), 
  bullies !, 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
  we fought about a dickload of wars for our independence and freedom . 
  i think it 's close to 10 . 
  as i said in the first flood comics :, 
   `` red cross of bosnia and herzegovina federation and used specifically for the flooding catastrophe . 
  i am in contact with them to make sure these funds are used for the right purpose '', 
   that 's just a horrible idea . 
  donate the money to the red cross of bosnia and herzegovina , but let them decide what 's the most efficient and best way to spent the money . 
   i do n't know the current state of the red cross , but people saying `` i only want this money to be used for x '' is really bad for the foundation . 
  first of all , it created dead money . 
  after caterina and the 2004 tsunami , people started demanding that their donation is only used for cause x. 
  money is n't always needed that much . 
  if 1 million is enough to relief the victims but 2 million is specifily donated to help those victims , you have 1 million dollar of dead weight that could be used elsewhere . 
   secondly , i think it 's very egocentric to only donate to one cause .
