  that 's why i 'm not considering the shure se215 . 
  i see the philips fidelio s2 and the sony mdr-ex650ap as possible alternatives . 
  however , i 've no experience with philips iems and the few times i listened to sony iems i was missing the punch when listening to metal . 
  anyone listened to the new live album of sabaton , heroes on tour ? 
  i think it sounds horrible . 
  i 've never seen them live , but i hope that it sounded much better in real . 
  the mixing is way of and they often sound completely exhausted . 
  it was their wacken 2015 show . 
  glad to hear that it was only the raw audio and not the show itself that was bad . 
  [ link ] ( https://open.spotify.com/album/2vid1xcdp6mjxcvimnrpqa ) to the album on spotify . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i 'll do some research on them . 
  do you happen to have any thoughts on the s2 and mdr-ex650p ? 
  and while i 'm at it , what makes you think that i prefer a warmer sound profile ? 
  not disagreeing with you , but i do n't really know how to figure it out . 
  then the machine was broken . 
  that is n't supposed to happen . 
  kevlar jeans all the way . 
  / r/headphones is also a really active sub with great links in the sidebar . 
  which genres would you say work better with a more muddier profile and which with a more cleaner ? 
  funny to see some of the responses . 
   what do you think of when you hear the name `` milk run '' ? 
   * i think its a run where people splash milk on you as you complete a certain distance . 
  * maybe instead of milk run , since that gives a pretty negative view , you should rename it to like `` apache helicopter death match '' so that people do n't get confused and think about cats chasing a milk man when that is very obviously not what it 's about, 
  dat in nederland . 
  the median household income in the us is around 54.000 usd . 
  80.000-100 .000 is definitely `` high income '' . 
  not `` the richest of the richest '' , but `` high '' . 
  yes , which is the entire point of the post . 
  how did they tease the gorilla ? 
  it seems to me like they were focussing on left one and only switch to the right one when it was about to charge them . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i said . 
  i did n't ask `` how did they tease the gorilla ? 
  '' , i said something along the lines of how monkeys work and that that stupid monkey was n't supposed to do that . 
  it was sarcastic . 
  i used my exact words to how that i said . 
  you seemed to pretend i said something entirely different , so i just repeated it . 
  you should let someone check that . 
  brain damage is a serious issue and it seems that you 're really suffering from it . 
  i added the last line to clarify myself some more . 
  did n't change the language from hebrew to english or something . 
  i did n't edit grammar at all and i 'm not going to do it . 
  i see you said the word `` should '' , which means that you in fact did learn the letter `` s '' . 
  now put that `` s '' in front of the last `` how '' . 
  now change `` that '' to `` what '' . 
  you were able understand a sentence even though someone made a typing error . 
  funny that you still are n't able to explain how they were teasing the gorilla . 
  probable because they were n't doing anything as far as we can see from the video . 
  hey , you 're right !, 
  i thought that she was waving to the guerrilla on the left , but it indeed seems that she was beating her chest . 
  was that so hard , just pointing that out ? 
  nah , it 's pretty okay . 
  i said that the he completely changed my words when he did , that we did n't see anything and he just was n't able to simple answer my question . 
  when he finally did answer my question after 6 comments ( answer a question is really hard , you know ) is simply said that he was right and i missaw what happened . 
  but apparently reddit is to autistic to have a normal conversation . 
  how does belgium fits in your 3th point ? 
  `` even langs de voedselbank '' is geen ding . 
  iphone 4s . 
  een jaar studievertraging kost 2000 euro . 
  nhtv is a hogeschool and their use of `` university '' is allowed , since `` university of applied science '' is correct . 
  did n't mclaren once lead a race and ran out of fuel during one of the last laps ? 
  i thought it happened with hakkinen . 
  the netherlands was behind a paywall for 4-5 years . 
  only since this year it has become free for some people , since ziggo ( cable provider ) bought the channel that showed f1 . 
  now , most races will be free for ziggo customers on their main sports channels . 
  unless a bigger event is on , than it will move to sport exclusive , which is paid . 
  en dat is dus wat er in nederland ook is . 
  yes , in the history of mankind no one ever made a bad business decision and every person in a management position is perfect . 
  that was a really interesting read , thanks for the post op . 
  i just hope that i can see all that data about myself someday . 
  now i use last.fm to scroble what i listen to , but i 'd love to see all ( or at least more ) the data they 're talking about . 
  how are they probably one of the least healthy fruits ? 
  simply not that much vitamines or something ? 
  there used to be a twitter account that posted transcripts live during the race , but he stopped doing that a couple years ago . 
  maybe someone else is doing that now somewhere ? 
  dit referendum is totale onzin . 
  i would also be interested . 
  i 've applied for a job that has a bleep test as part of the selection . 
  i 'll have to do the test in 4-6 weeks . 
  thoughts on how to train for it ? 
  i do n't think i 'll have much problem with passing the test . 
  however , it 's for a very competitive position . 
  so i like to prepare myself a bit better . 
  was thinking about simply doing a bleep test once or twice a week . 
  edit : to be clear , i 'm already a beginner runner . 
  i 've no issues running a sub-50 10k or 2.6 km + on a 12min coopertest . 
  but a bleep test is 20 meters , turn around , 20 meters , ... 
  i do n't see any reason why he should stay registered in the netherlands ? 
  do n't know what 's up with my dw the last couple of weeks , but it 's way off . 
  it only recommends metal music . 
  i like some metal every once in a while , but this is ridiculous . 
  every single song for the past 3 weeks has been metal-related . 
  this week i only liked 2 songs of the entire playlist . 
  sounds like i 'm you . 
  i also listen a lot to metal normally , but for the last 1-2 months i 've been listening to a lot of different stuff . 
  it seems that dw is n't picking this up at all . 
  my theory is thats when they choose songs in shuffle , they pick songs that are roughly 25 lines at most away from the song you 're listening to at most . 
  so if you 're listening the song that 's on the 400th line in your playlist , it will pick somewhere between the 375-425th as next one . 
  ca n't say i have really tested it that much , but it looks something like that . 
  say that i listen to all my saved songs , sorted by most recent .
