  what makes this more important then the aid projects in sudan ? 
  you heard of this . 
  you heard that x is happening and decide to help them , and only them . 
  if you really want to help and not just be able to brag about helping a well known cause , donate 5-10 bucks a month to your own red cross or a mho like doctors without borders . 
  not only when you see something on reddit . 
  there are many people that need help , but do n't get media coverage . 
  ** that being said ** , it 's obviously better to do something then do nothing and i 'm happy to see that the mods decided to give this cause attention and ask for donation . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  say they have a gun , how do you imagine it goes ? 
  that a guy who never held a gun in his life still had his pistol concealed and yells from 300 yards that he 's going to rob you , so you have the time to take out your riffle and shoot him down ? 
  i do n't see any other situation where a gun would help you defend yourself . 
  maybe a stupid question , but do you guys generally know in which gear you are ? 
  i 'm about to start taking lesses and have been driving a mopped with gears ( do n't know the english translation ) and i noticed that i had no idea in which gear i was . 
  is this a beginner thing ? 
  how do you drive at night ? 
  is n't every driver technically a pay driver ? 
  alonso also brings in a sponsor . 
  en communicatie met de leden ? 
  marietje over acta : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucvhh_bzpu8&amp;amp;hd=1 ), 
  over persvrijheid in europa : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aiqzs73fq0&amp;amp;hd=1 ), 
  over mensenrechtenschennis in bahrein : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmo8fouhz00&amp;amp;hd=1 ), 
  schaake over dat d66 wepromise steunt : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr5xt1fox1w&amp;amp;hd=1 ) . 
  zag je laatst nog die post in / r/europe ? 
  and then people die because they were n't able to find the emergency exit and we all yell that this should n't happen . 
  hiding a door like this is just plain stupid . 
  ai n't companies protected in the us against mistakes like this ? 
  here it 's that when a price is n't realistic ( 170usd for this trip ) and can be assumed that a mistake is made , the deal gets cancelled . 
  did anyone notice that just before lining up for the podium ceremony , someone tried to put his arm around hamilton and he pushed him away ? 
  does n't he also almost gets paid 1 million per episode  ? 
  there is a difference between seeing how fast someone is and liking him . 
  retaking my exam costs me twice as much . 
  ( the netherlands ) . 
  a 5 days fast course would cost around 1300eur ( 1800usd ) , including both exams ( an exam to show your able to manoeuvre the bike and a exam to show you able to take part in traffic ) . 
  plus 50usd to get my theory certificate . 
  it can be cheaper if you already gave experience . 
  i hope to get my license for 900usd , but that 's partly because i was able to do the first exam for cheap , as part of a promotion . 
  what ? 
  no one matured in the ending . 
  they all went back to being their old selfs . 
  seems like he wanted to brake but throttled up instead and lost control . 
  that was very close !, 
  there were n't countries that tried to ban it . 
  a couple organisations did try to ban it , saying it was immoral to let 3 people compete with each other on television go get a change to live . 
  was n't that utah beach ? 
  they went 2-5km or something to much to the left/right and landed on a beach part that almost did n't have any fortification , as opposed to where they were supposed to land . 
  i just finished reading the longest day and am pretty sure that they hit the right spot on omaha beach . 
  is n't a bicycle an option ? 
  is even cheaper and good for your health . 
  hahaha !, 
  except us 3 of course !, 
  take a wild guest . 
  maybe something to do with supporting the devs ? 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  i think we can assume that the helmet would be useless now anyway . 
  that he did n't have a helmet seems more plausible to me . 
  i do n't say we have to stay hidden , but let people put in some effort to find this sub . 
  now you get people who maybe ai n't interested in this sub at all or do n't realize what this sub is meant to be . 
  `` do n't forget to subscribe ! '', 
  becomes a `` do n't forget to unsubscribe ! '', 
  by being a default sub , and i think that 's a bad thing . 
  i would also be interested in seeing the data of the multi-mod . 
  did more submission get removed then the last few months ? 
  what about the submission : remove ratio ? 
  did it change ? 
  and what about the genres ? 
  maybe it 's just me , but it seems that garage punk and electronic exploded ( looking only at upvotes ) in the last couple weeks and other genres got more to the background . 
  but it 's in the / r/music sidebar and in the drop down menu at top . 
  i think that when you start looking for music subs , it 's really easy to find . 
  thanks for the fast reply !, 
  that 's to bad . 
  seems that i ready should consider making the switch . 
  / r/nederland + null, 
  na , i would never be able to walk up those stares after a visit . 
  over 160k $ ( 220k usd ) on the other side of the border * cries even louder *, 
  edit :, 
  170k ( 230k usd ) for the cabrio version . 
  gew0on een le sup3r trollzzz xxxd, 
  how many youth in the uk knows about bloody sunday ? 
  now imagine an event where possibly hundreds more died by the hands of their own government and protests where thousands and thousands people showed up . 
  edit :, 
  that single fact totally changes the statistics about people who are involved in crashes that insurance company have . 
  better inform them . 
  it will not replace a normal watch , because it is n't a replacement of a normal watch . 
  it 's a notification center on the wrist and speaks to an other group then those who wear watches . 
  to be honest , i think that watches nowadays are more a fashion item then a functional item . 
  give them a functions that 's linked to a smartphone and you will get another consumer group then those who already wear watches . 
  i really , really doubt that dutch kids do n't know what `` geen woning , geen kroning '' means . 
  the subject is very widely covered in school . 
  and all of those examples have absolutely nothing in common with the tiananmen protests . 
  the queensday riots where riots where no one died or is put away in jail and the haymarket affair and bavarian state are both around 100 years ago . 
  i also do n't know what makes you believe that american youth or german youth do n't know about haymarket or the bsr . 
  people go to schools . 
  agree . 
  i did n't like the tbogt story all . 
  i thought it was very boring and did n't had any atmosphere at all . 
  as someone is his lower twenties , with who do go on a cruise ? 
  i would say that cruises ai n't that popular in that age-range . 
  everyone in the world can use the 7 sites he said , but only a few people can use amazon in the way you described . 
  neither do the 7 real world wonders have a use . 
  they show a piece of history and some of the greatest achievements of mankind .
