  bullying in work spaces is a serious issue under non-handicapped employees . 
  being handicapped in some way only makes it worse . 
  depending on culture , some places can already be really hard on new comers . 
  being a guy that the boss `` only hired for the benefits '' wo n't make that easier either . 
  look at / u/pm _ me_thumbs ' comment . 
  then yours . 
  then thumbs again . 
  spot the difference . 
  banks do n't care about that . 
  it 's that cash money is a lot less safe ( when you watch for skimming etc ) and transporting it is a pain in the ass . 
  i assumed / u/killerbutterfly was joking . 
  but i 'm not sure anymore ... 
  * no moronic monday ? 
  the `` 2014 medicine & amp ; science in ultra-endurance sports conference '' covered this in ultra running . 
  it could give you some insights . 
  here a link to a report made by someone who attended the conference :, 
  link : http://www.irunfar.com/2014/06/2014-medicine-science-in-ultra-endurance-sports-conference-report.html#carbohydraterestriction, 
  the report is very informative overall and i would recommend also reading the other parts , just because it 's really interesting . 
  i like him . 
  it 's really useful for me when we 're talking about bigger miles . 
  would this mid-term goal be realistic/possible ? 
  march 2014 i ran a 10k in 52:00 without any consistent training . 
  now i started training for the same 10k in march 2015 ( 3 months from now ) and aim for a sub-48 ( option b : sub-50 ) . 
  say i run sub-48 , would it be a realistic goal to run sub-40 in november 2015 ( total of 8 months in between ) ? 
  edit : forgot to mention . 
  i 'm a 21 y.o. 
  male . 
  for those distances , i would agree . 
  but when we start talking about different distances ( like in the shoes post ) it 's very useful to me . 
  ca n't really recommend wagering your first born on anything  . 
  thanks for the input , it 's appreciated . 
  good to hear !, 
  means i 'll have to try really hard . 
  thanks for the input . 
  i 'll see how i 'm going to plan in sub-45 / 43:24 etc. 
  goals . 
  do it when everyone is looking . 
  that way everyone knows who 's the boss around these parts . 
  how could that be considered unconstitutional ? 
  conflicting with existing laws , sure . 
  but unconstitutional ... 
  that totally depends from country to country . 
  almost every supermarket here is also a post office . 
  if you do n't want to live in a 5km radius of a post office , you would have a really bad time . 
  they would if it 's a 1 truck company and they have to drive a 30 minutes round trip just for his package . 
  how exactly did their union make them untouchable for criminal charges ? 
  so , did the roads actually get worse and the traffic get more after schengen ? 
  what has the union to do with you needing to prove crimes commited to you ? 
  last time i checked proving that the guy who gets charged actually commited the crime was kinda important . 
  yeah , i was talking about the situation in the netherlands . 
  when postnl ( our ex-national post service ) tries to deliver it at your door and you ai n't happen , they deliver it at the neighbour . 
  when you need to sign or the neighbour is n't home , they 'll try again . 
  when that does n't work , you can pick it up at the supermarkt . 
  because everyone except you had basic eduction and knows where tenerife is . 
  because it encourages more refugees . 
  he said in that same sentence how he can say that . 
  you could be that and not know about ww2 . 
  that 's also part of basic education . 
  and apparently you 're already to challenged to look up basic information , so i seriously doubt that you have those qualifications . 
  than why did you mention the union at all ? 
  and what 's even the point of your comment ? 
  criminal charges always need proof , this is not different . 
  well , this is not true . 
  you said :, 
   drivers can do donuts on your lawn , toss your glassware over a fence , kick your dog ... 
  i 've heard all kinds of stories . 
  basically as long as they show up and do their route , they 're untouchable thanks to their union . 
  i 've heard all kinds of stories . 
  basically as long as they show up and do their route , they 're untouchable thanks to their union, 
  * drivers can do donuts on your lawn , toss your glassware over a fence , kick your dog, 
  * as long as they show up and do their work, 
  * they 're untouchable, 
  * thanks to their union, 
  untouchables means that they can commit crimes , without getting punished for it . 
  you gave a couple examples , all of them being crimes . 
  them being destruction of property and animal cruelty . 
  you said that they as long as they show up and do their work , they 're untouchable . 
  meaning that if they 're to their job , they 're free from criminal convictions . 
  this is ( here 's your third point ) thanks to their union . 
  now you could say you did n't mean they 're untouchable for criminal charges . 
  but then your comment does n't make any sense , since you did give criminal offences as example . 
  you even went further and said `` kicking the dog ? 
  prove they did it '' . 
  you could also just admit that what you said is completely made up . 
  now you 're just making a fool out of yourself . 
  here 's a wild idea : do n't try to sail 500 + km on a boat that 's to overfull to let anyone even sit . 
  they 're also less over the top , far away and cheaper cars . 
  to me , every episode now sees like a semi-special . 
  people keep quoting this , but from where ? 
  in the book it 's a completely different story . 
  if i may ask , how old are you now ? 
  on which grounds are you basing your opinion ? 
  does n't seem so smart to plan your future on a data map with rumours . 
  do n't forget that france is/was also part of the coalition against libya , afghanistan and syria . 
  plus that france ' goal do n't line up with the u.s. entirely , does n't mean that they do n't have their own agenda . 
  wat is je punt . 
  nergens last van ( windows 8 , chrome ) . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/abcnews24/ ), 
  you could also just say `` non '' . 
  so , do you know how he got the gun ?
