  there you will meet other people and you will dive with them again if you want.otherwise you just could become member of your local scuba club . 
  seriously , do it . 
  i 'm going to egypt for the second time to dive there and it 's truly beautiful . 
  i hate diving in the lakes here ( the netherlands , it 's cold and you do n't see a thing ) , so i 'm a holiday diver . 
  when i 'm on vacation i find a local diving club an dive there for a couple days ( this year is a dive trip for me , so i 'm going to dive 6 days ) . 
  you could do the same . 
  do n't let a lack of friends with the same interests stop you , you will regret it when it 's to late . 
  edit :, 
  if there 's anything else you wan na know , just ask . 
  well , it is terrifying to take of your mask under water , so there 's that . 
  doing that during my scuba course was torture for me . 
  the problem i had was that i started to breath from my nose instead of my mouth , so i started to inhale water instead of air . 
  i partly solved it by going to the local pool with a snorkel set . 
  swim a bit around snorkeling , than take your mask off but leave the mouthpiece in . 
  and practice this at least a 100 times . 
  it is n't really the same as doing it on 10 meters deep in the sea , but you will get used to breath through your mouth on command . 
  i ca n't really help you with the gear problem . 
  how much/which gear do you carry ? 
  edit :, 
  if there 's anything else you wan na know , just ask . 
  only ? 
  that 's still a lot of soldiers . 
  tanks , ammunition , helmets , cannes food , ... steel needed to be made . 
  you ca n't win a war without an army of supporters . 
  because they do n't have anything to loose by doing this , only gain . 
  that 's news ( well , `` news '' ) , this is n't . 
  i ca n't even find the porn i watched a couple hours ago . 
  it 's logic , the theory of risk calculation/campisation ( do n't know the guy who thought of it ) . 
  if you feel safe at 60mph , it 's easier to go faster than when you feel unsafe . 
  it 's in on of my studybooks , if i rember i will look it up tomorrow . 
  i would like to see this . 
  that the blood running through your ears , or something like that . 
  just annex belgium and luxemburg . 
  from what show is that shot ? 
  my character is looking in new forms of entertainment . 
  well , i 'm not even sure if you mean that the us dislikes it and the rest loves it , or the other way around . 
  you could combine it with people that tell about their current job ( s ) and put those link in a faq . 
  i think that 's the best way to start , relatively easy to keep active because everyone loves to talk about themself and it can give lots of ideas . 
  i do n't have much spare time and no experience in moderating a sub , but you can contact me if you need help . 
  same here . 
  i hate that holliday , but if you try to take it away from us or change it to much , i will stuff you down my chimney . 
  do you have any source to back that up ? 
  i 've never heard of this before . 
  well thank you . 
  to far man . 
  no , you could n't care less . 
  well , to be fair , he 's commenting on most gym stereotypes . 
  i guess you missed the memo . 
  we switched to and too . 
  for me it is when ai start to make mistakes . 
  almost every start something happens ( somebody has a bad start , . . ) , during races people crash and cars fail . 
  there are penalties given to drivers that broke the rules . 
  that is what i 'm asking for . 
  plug for / r/patientgamers, 
  or race a certain part of the track . 
  sometime i want to practice that specific corner a 100 times , but please do n't let me race the whole track to do that . 
  it matters if you went to a school in the netherlands or vietnam . 
  you 're complaining ? 
  try 21 % on everything that is n't food , art/musicals or medicines ( iirc 9 % for those ) . 
  the netherlands . 
  you should read this . 
  really interesting . 
  terrorists . 
  that 's who . 
  alright shizly , if you say so . 
  i 'm a non-sprained ankle , can confirm it was jesus . 
  the story forgot to tell that it was a moneyflower bouquet with exectly 100usd . 
  she also suddenly got better when the car crash happend , so she could see her friend . 
  those feels !!, 
  also , i 'm a mod and can confirm this story . 
  my name ? 
  listening to dragon force , loud enough to hear but not loud enough to be anoying to other people.v, 
  there is a guy in a red short in the background looking at you . 
  so not really easy . 
  assuming that every murder you commited has a 50 % change of you ending up in jail , you would be convicted pretty fast . 
  i 've never made that connection ... 
  not getting money = / = losing money, 
  i think you actually can do that for that much money . 
  i like how you replied to everyone asking that . 
  makes me think how the star wars cast thought about star wars before it became big . 
  some old grandpa said it . 
  i think that post was only a couple days ago , it should be in the top this week . 
  it was decided by intergalactic rule that he should say `` stepping out of character for a moment '' . 
  even / r/circlejerk follows that rule . 
  do n't we all . 
  germany did n't exist then , so there 's that . 
  the second explanation is right . 
  the original word in the text was duytschen , what reffers to this area . 
  i also think that diets was the believe in a greater netherlands , so willem was basically called a dutch men . 
  but do n't quote me on that . 
  there are a lot of dutch people on reddit . 
  a couple months ago i saw a post with how many people where on reddit for each nationalitie . 
  the us was around 46 % of the userbase and the dutch where in the top 10 , above germany . 
  ** edit : **, 
  list of the top 10 countries where from people visit reddit , according to [ alexa ] ( http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/reddit.com ) :, 
  * india 17.3 %, 
  * australia 2.9 %, 
  * united kingdom 2.9 %, 
  * netherlands 1.0 %, 
  * germany 0.9 %,
