  you are so funny now . 
  why do you have a blue ball next to your name ? 
  you 're a bowling ball ? 
  you also read that a movie ticket costs $ 25 , did n't you ? 
  8eur ( student , parttime ) , but a movieticket also costs 8eur ( for students ) . 
  good couter-argument . 
  i 'm proud on you . 
  third child in a family , but the first that is able to count + you 're blue ? 
  what , that was n't a hint ? 
  you made a lot of 50 + year olds just shake their heads . 
  driving a car is n't hard . 
  driving in traffic is . 
  saying you 're robbed will . 
  you asume we do n't have a duopoly . 
  driving for free means that you 're more expensive then 50 % of the field . 
  i think they are forbidden in all countries europe . 
  or atleast in the eu . 
  fia also says that you should drive safe ... 
  a lot of f1 drivers died before they where 60 years old . 
  do n't know about the us , but here you can get rain-x online for 8eur and aquapel for 16eur . 
  do n't work when your cat get stolen . 
  with a chip you still have a change of getting her back . 
  if you already know the basics , stop looking for translations if you do n't understand the foreign word . 
  instead , look for the definition of the word in the regular dictionary . 
  that way you wo n't make the connection `` foreign word = this word in english '' , but `` foreign word = foreign definition '' . 
  how many times you where a wc does n't say anything , especially when you die mid-season . 
  it 's an anti-anti-abortion story . 
  it 's to show how retarded anti-abortion believers are . 
  this showed up on reddit a couple times before . 
  do you have any source for your statement about your nervs being destroyed ? 
  as a dutchmen , this makes me cry . 
  so just like saying it only in your head ? 
  so you do know all the provinces in russia and china ? 
  did he just say that the us has raised the bar for environmental standards ? 
  dear lord ... 
  did you enjoy your lockdown ? 
  or to busy crying murder for weeks to come after an other schoolshooting that wo n't change a thing to prevent it from happening again ? 
  by the way , if you lover number so much , you guys are only 17th on the list of most happy countries in the world . 
  below mexico . 
  but i 've to go now , going to my job with 31 days/year paid leave . 
  after that , i 'm going with my granddad to the doctor for free . 
  well , 100/eur month . 
  however , he can get every form of cancer , break both his legs and do a couple mri 's and it would n't cost him a dime . 
  and he would n't lost his insurance . 
  that sub is disgusting . 
  it is n't there to show support to people who want kids , it 's their to hate people with kids and their kids . 
  it 's doing to parents what it tries to stop happening by people who want to stay child free , being judged for your choices . 
  just look the second post , the one with the car . 
  why is that even content for that sub ? 
  then the top comment on that post . 
  seriously ? 
  judging parents in such a offensive way ? 
  and the 13th post , `` lol !!, 
  let 's laugh at her for openly loving her daughter ! '', 
  i get more angry every time . 
  especially when they 're talking down on someone with `` pating on your head '' . 
  i want to shoot them , but then realize i 'm fortunate enough to live somewhere where there is n't easy gun access . 
  you have upvotes . 
  they found out about it afterwards . 
  it 's not like they thought `` let 's hire a company that traffics woman and rapes them ! '', 
  because obviously it 's in the teams best interest to sabotage one of their drivers ... 
  step on your game . 
  i actively close doors when women want to use them !, 
  i 'm not able to go in 2014 , but i 'm planning on doing it in 2015 . 
  why do you choose mr over the mcr ? 
  i was unable to discuss this with someone else , so that 's why i ask . 
  til that `` explosives '' are a substance and not a chemical reaction . 
  i just thought it was a funny joke . 
  why ? 
  they are being punished . 
  not really usefull for ( some ) truckdrivers . 
  the post will just be removed . 
  you on which sub you are , do n't you ? 
  but i agree with you . 
  if you read a bit on / r/travel or somerthing you 'll see people who only work a couple of months really hard and travel the rest the year . 
  it 's a choice to work all year 8/5 . 
  that ca n't happen , it 's always obvious who the bad guy is !, 
  if i see 2 guy shooting i now who i 'm gon na shoot . 
  and when the police arive and see 3 guys shooting they already know 100 % what goes on and which guys are with them . 
  do n't know how it works in us , but on the other side of the ocean those recruitment commercials are there to show how diverse the job can be . 
  since there are huge budget cuts , a lot of people think we do n't need new people . 
  we do . 
  we need doctors , lawyers , mechanics , electricians , etc. 
  it is to show those people `` hey , do n't forget that we also have such jobs and still need people like this ! '', 
  read his last 2 sentences again . 
  not irony . 
  for me it 's the musicians actively supporting this idea and spreading it . 
  a lot of hate in those types of songs is just for `` fun '' or trying to piss people off . 
  but when they literally think that you should burn churces , hate blacks and gas the jews , they go to far . 
  it still is n't a solid line , but it 's good enough for me . 
  me too . 
  thought he made a funny joke . 
  the point is that you 're judgig the child , not the parents . 
  we ca n't assume that a 6 year old is able to decide his food needs . 
  this only punished the child . 
  i do n't think we should try to `` troll '' ( lack of better word ) that sub . 
  we have ours , they have theirs . 
  only when they put someone in danger by giving wrong advice ( this has happened a couple of weeks ago ) we should try to protect the one asking advice against that kind of people . 
  yeah , doing nothing and pretending to already know what 's going to happen is so much better . 
  it 's not like childsupport or the police had any experience with cases like this .
