  that 's weird , i just did the exact same thing and it did n't change anything . 
  well , not that weird . 
  since age does n't matter . 
  with budget being born on 01-01-1990 , not studying , with budget insurances included , the cheapest is 82,50 . 
  being born on 01-01-1960 , with budget insurances included , still 82,50 . 
  being born on 01-01-1920 , 82,50 . 
  edit :, 
  see you said that it 's when you used all options . 
  i obviously did n't . 
  there are 3 million 65 + ` ers in our country , 125.000 of the elderly are in a `` verzorgingshuis '' . 
  assuming that 65 + is `` elderly '' , that 's only 4 % . 
  it 's pretty plausible that 4 % of the 65 + ` ers are unable to live on their own , even with support . 
  you 're not that `` useful '' when dementia/als sets in or are unable to make your own sandwiches . 
  would n't this be the exact opposite , since the doctor tried to * not * sell them anything ? 
  true , but that 's what happens when you do n't have that much money to spent . 
  that 's just not true . 
  you ca n't just `` dump '' someone in a verzorgingsthuis , that 's blatantly wrong . 
  you have a wrong vision of the past * and * the present . 
  as someone who had to put his grandparents in a `` verzorgingstehuis '' this just makes me fucking pist . 
  how ignorant can you possible be ? 
  apparently you think it 's better to let them die a lonely dead without friends around them , if family can take care of them . 
  no one has any benefit with it . 
  it 's a impossible burden on the family ( or does your boss allow you to come in at 9 , leave at 11 , come back at 1 and leave at 4 ? ) . 
  and do n't even try to pretend it was better in the past . 
  i actually prefer times where woman no longer are just `` housewives '' , which make it possible for them to take care of the elderly , and are also able to work . 
  now elderly can get more care , woman can work , and elderly are able to spent their time among other people instead waiting in their chair until someone comes to their house to feed and wash them . 
  it 's for most people * not * an easy decision to put their parents in a elderly home . 
  and it 's even impossible for them to do it !, 
  i do n't know in which country you think we live in , but here elderly have actually a say in deciding how they want to live the rest of their live . 
  how is the public prosecutor not official information ? 
  this is the official , initial results of the investigation of the flight recorders . 
  then how should it be done ? 
  i do n't really see any other option if you want to keep hijackers out . 
  alright , that 's true . 
  i was thinking in a `` force the door to open from outside '' - way . 
  even not taking 9/11 in account , hijackers taking over the plane killed a lot more people then incidents like we 've seen yesterday . 
  i think that if we want to open the door even when the pilots are actively blocking it , we should build in an external mechanism to open the door that is operator by someone not on the plane . 
  keep the current system , but built in an emergency line to the atc outside the cockpit to contact them and make it possible for them to send a signal that in combination with the keypad opens the door . 
  do n't even bother , check his comment history . 
  he 's obvious 2edgy4us , his classmates are all in awe . 
  are you serious ? 
  that just is n't true in any single way and your statement has 0,0 base to stand on . 
  it 's nothing more then a `` i 've never experienced anything close to this but i would totally do x ! '', 
  solution . 
  why so ? 
  if the pilot closes the door manually it 's closed for 5 minutes . 
  if the pilot outside the cockpit could reach atc , mention what 's going on and atc could send the override to open the door immediately . 
  i do n't really see why it would be that slow . 
   how exactly does he do that if the comms are inside the cockpit ? 
  that 's why i said , `` if he * could * reach '' . 
  and when the pilot in the cockpit is n't responding , locked the other pilot out of the cockpit and the pilot in the cockpit started to decent , it 's a pretty good time . 
   thereby realistically preventing anyone from being able to physically open the door and gain access, 
  so why even make a problem then ? 
  clearly the issue is insolvable . 
  or is that not what you meant ? 
  you want to experiment with human lives ? 
  see if more die or not ? 
  last time i checked self driving cars were n't carrying 200 + passengers trough the sky at 500 knots at 30.000 feet . 
  we did n't just thrown some cars with passenger in them on the road to see if less people would die either . 
  plus , you 're not proposing any new idea whatsoever , planes already fly mostly by them self with the pilots as backup . 
  it is the dumbest experiment ever . 
  `` welp , hundreds of people died . 
  experiment failed ! '', 
  the victim already tried to get out herself . 
  how did they know that you are diabetic ? 
  which insurance company ? 
  they broke every law in the book by doing so . 
  it 's mentioned in the article and the links it provides and you would know . 
  it looks at incidents per flight in the last 30 year , or something along those lines . 
  triest figuurtje ben je . 
  the code is intended to be used when both pilots are out and are unable to open the door , not very useful if only the pilots knew it . 
  aha , so you do have no idea how things work around here or what our history is ? 
  is it that easy in the us ? 
  over here it took me 4-5 hours of medical , just for the reserve . 
  no it was n't . 
  up until ios6 ( 5 ? ), 
  it was completely transparent . 
  you can be on the phone when using a hands free carkit . 
  that does n't address his question . 
  i expected ( hoped ) him to plant the ferrari flag in the merc . 
  or do n't use the frontpage , but directly go to the subs you want to visit . 
  or do n't browse reddit for a moment . 
  because it is n't about waste but about how much waste is dumped . 
  euroshopper in duitsland . 
  so nothing happened ? 
  the netherlands first and if they do n't understand it then i explain it to the judge . 
  edit :, 
  video over een poging tot een fandag bij de jaarbeurs ( video niet van enzoknol , geen zorgen ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=77&amp;v=_ukhxb1teaw, 
  sure , that happened . 
  i think you meant `` i love spending money to have a worldwide sphere of influence and stay a super power '' . 
  i do n't even understand how people turned it into `` he quits over jeremey !!!! '', 
  because / r/topgear is filled with shitheads that think it 's okay to start punching people if you are important enough . 
  that 's only slightly more then 2 years . 
  and graphic and physic development are 2 completely different thing . 
  hi automoderator , welcome in the community !, 
  congratulations on your accomplishment , but we have a weekly accomplishment for stuff like this . 
  but the guy i was commenting on was specifically talking about graphic quality . 
  sadly , her son supposedly died . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zq1dr94.jpg ) picture is with her and konrad adenauer , the first bondskanselier since ww2 , who was able to demand their release in 1955 . 
  he was just asking a question .
