  it 's more counties . 
  to which countries they have access differs . 
  so does sweden ( or maybe one of the other scandinavian countries ) have visa free travel to vietnam , while the u.s. does not . 
  i already said i misread op 's comment . 
  what 's your point ? 
  wo , such smarts . 
  good job on insulting me on my reading skills after making 1 small mistake and already admitting that , asshole . 
  but thank god we have people like you who are ready to tell us how much smarter they are . 
  international anger for something locals did ? 
  it already was discussed before and argentinains on reddit already explained that it was mostly a southern thing . 
  what should the international anger be ? 
  against the local government that helped the top gear crew escape ? 
  did n't know your comment were being removed . 
  or that you 're being prosecuted for what you said , better contact a lawyer about that . 
  ok , never mind . 
  though you were serieus , but apperantly you 're joking . 
  it has space here . 
  it 's being downvoted , but is still has space . 
  your comments still shows up and is readable for everyone . 
  no question , `` gp : the killer years '' . 
  imo senna does n't even come close to this bbc documentary . 
  it 's a very expensive circus in times of crisis , lol . 
  of course there are talks about removing it . 
  no because it 's not a fun track , but because it 's really , really expensive to host . 
  dat was bekend . 
  whahahaha . 
  * je mocht demonstreren, 
  they would still think you have a shitty problem . 
  it 's not that big as you would think . 
  that 's the way the laws are made . 
  it 's about upholding the laws that were placed in a democratic process , not making everyone go home happy . 
  if you see the making of , they tell you that they absolutely do believe that you only use 10 % . 
  it was a joke . 
  it is n't about suicide . 
  the cross ( or a david 's star ) is put at every grave in military graveyards . 
  it 's about not dying in combat as a result of you talking . 
  so do n't talk . 
  he 's talking about his specific situation , tweedelijnszorg . 
  would that be covered by the basisverzekering or not . 
  they did n't only destroy that , they destroyed all the character progression that went on the last 6 seasons and started of at season 1 again . 
  why not a motorcycle and kill the owner and his family ? 
  you are in a suit , so people would n't recognise you . 
  by the time you realised what happened you 're hundreds ( if not thousands ) of miles away . 
  just make sure you have enough cash money for fuel . 
  er is ( was ? ), 
  wel een / r/thenetherlands steamgroup . 
  how did his comment ruin your fun ? 
  not in optimale mode in alienblue . 
  i would say that that would be the most believable part of the story , since normal employees would do the same . 
  keep special police unit . 
  in the netherlands we have police units that are closer to the military than to the police and visa versa . 
  both units also have similar goals and practice their job the same way . 
  the only difference is that the one is out to arrest people and keeping the suspect alive , while to the other the suspects life is a bonus . 
  there is also an agency in the us who just started training dogs for the same purpose . 
  [ link to their ama . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/2fmrrx/hi_we_are_a_group_of_veterans_running_a_non/ ), 
  this is true . 
  let the dealer replace your carlocks asap . 
  better in the next hour then next morning . 
  until then , get a steeringlock . 
   when you call them , the first guy immediately asks what you need . 
  fire or ambulance or police . 
  then , he connects you to the department you ask for . 
  for the record , this is going to change . 
  in the near future that guy do n't have to reconnect you and is able to handle it himself . 
  welcome !, 
  there are many travellers that have asked these questions , like [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/2l5bsx/going_on_a_road_trip_through_the_netherlands_in_a/ ) . 
  it 's also partly covered in our faq . 
  i would definitely go to amsterdam and utrecht . 
  for me , rotterdam is skippable . 
  i 'm glad i never have to be longer then a couple hours there . 
  for cheese , just go to a local market or a cheese store . 
  personally , i would n't go to a special cheesemarket or something . 
  going to the market is also a dutch thing to do . 
  there works more then one guy ? 
  i do n't really understand your question . 
  he did n't adress it to you . 
  and it 's not a small site either . 
  you wo n't . 
  it would take a couple years before you would replace the single bulb . 
  you will have a hard time finding cars with electric back windows in the same class as the fiesta . 
  the cee 'd does n't have them either . 
  it 's to safe cost in purchase , cost in maintenance and is better for the fuel economy . 
  it probably wo n't be . 
  a bulb would get you around 5000 hours , that 's 208 days , 24 hours a day . 
  for having used it in 1 year , you would have to use it 13,7 hours a day . 
  i admit that i do n't know how much you would use the screen , but it wo n't be 13,7 h/day . 
  say that you game constantly for 32 hours a week ( so the equivalent of a 4 work week , year around ) , you could use it for 156 weeks , or just over 3 years . 
  want dat is ook zo . 
  just some candy we ca n't get here . 
  you are not alone !, 
  iirc we have a couple posts about which american candy to ship for secret santa . 
  that could probably help you . 
  define reasonably priced . 
  i was talking about 500eur beamers and think you really should n't go lower in price . 
  someone else made a similar joke here . 
  even if he was n't wrong , what 's the point of his comment ? 
  nowadays big numbers do n't say that much . 
  we decide where it is , there is no untouched nature . 
  yet that does n't mean it ca n't be beautiful !,
