  this were only the big wars that formed us . 
  we had a lot more . 
  it was decided that everyone was equal . 
  there would be freedom for everybody . 
  to create that , we had to create laws that protected us . 
  and `` us '' where not one unity , but people with completely different believes . 
  we had to protect each other . 
  that is why our first constitutional article is about equality , and our 6th and 7th are about freedom of religion and expression . 
  that makes our views on freedom different . 
  i think that freedom is that everyone is able to be treated the same , even if it means that some opinions are not allowed . 
  recently , we saw what happens when we ignore this kind of restrictions ( yes , i 'm referring to the holocaust ) . 
  it is n't about hiding people that are racist , is about making sure they wo n't gain power . 
  that they wo n't spread there message . 
  do n't think that you ca n't say that muslims are responsible for most of the crimes ( for example ) , because you can . 
  the laws are used like jennilefur, 
  said :, 
   so saying ' i dislike people of a certain religion/heritage/sexual orientation ' is perfectly fine . 
  not doing your job because the people you 're faced with are of a certain religion/heritage/sexual orientation is not fine . 
  it 's treated as a precursor to throwing a brick through someone 's window because they 're gay . 
  or beating someone up because they have a different colour skin . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** we fought dozens of wars , spread over centuries , partly because people wanted to force their believes that not everyone where equal ( international as national ) and we should punish people for the religion . 
  our idea of freedom came from that . 
  we were tired and wanted peace with everybody . 
  the us fought a couple wars , spread about a couple years , because you wanted independence . 
  it resulted your idea of freedom , where any form of oppression was seen as a threat . 
  hf2 was announced to be released in 2014 . 
  maybe they learned from their mistakes . 
  you just had to make me sad , did n't you ? 
  wait , what 's the actual difference ? 
  til a lot about the star wars plot . 
  / r/steamfriend, 
  we have the real frysia since 1400 . 
  frysia can not into independence . 
  i. ... do n't get it . 
  there are channels for them to . 
  f1 is not supposed to be the fastest car . 
  it 's about creating the fastest car within the formula . 
  edit : however , i do agree the formula became to strict . 
  everybody that 's slightly intressted in motorsport in general should wath `` grand prix : the killer years '' . 
  a bbc docu about those years . 
  but mythbusters stated in one of the first seasons that it was n't possible to fire an icedart from a gun . . 
  i still do n't get what 's wrong . 
  haha ... 
  you do n't have reddit gold, 
  note that i 'm a starter and just a regular 19 y/o . 
  was stupid enough to run a 10mi without training . 
  a couple months later ( / a couple weeks ago ) i tried starting to run with c25k , but everything sucked ... 
  i was bored ( not the i-have-nothing-else-to-do-bored , but when-is-this-finally-going-to-end-bored ) just could n't get a feel of it . 
  so i took a different approach . 
  started a 10k 3d/w plan and registerd for a 10k race in 8 weeks . 
  now i enjoy it way more . 
  after 3.5-4km i really get into it , but the run does n't take to long . 
  i did n't feel bored , but challengd and excited . 
  what i ' trying to say that even though for most people c25k is a awesome trainings schedule , for some a different one is better . 
  p.s , for that out of breath thing . 
  run more . 
  run slower . 
  and i noticed that when i have a hard time breathing , i 've to make a fist and breath through it . 
  makes breathing a lots easier . 
  i do n't recommend it , i 'm pretty sure it 's just a way of cheating or something is bad for you in sone way . 
  grand prix : the killer years . 
  imo way better . 
  i felt that senna was just a propaganda movie . 
  i live in a place were i can be safe without worrying about safety . 
  plus that guns ai n't allowed . 
  there are emergency apps out there that send an emergency call to a pre-programmed number . 
  and i think that there are apps out there that send your location . 
  maybe you should look into that . 
  we just created new land from the sea . 
  the port was full and we could n't expent any further into the land . 
  so we created it , from the sea . 
  i tell you , within 100 years rotterdam port and london are just one , big port . 
  i use the grouping function a lot . 
  works even better than res . 
  they do n't need guns to be/feel safe and have way lower crime rates . 
  checkmate ^ 2 ? 
  that is n't racist . 
  and yes . 
  more will die without aid , so a smaller population , so less people to reproduce . 
  training and disipline . 
  that makes the difference . 
  just like violent movies before that . 
  and before that , it was music . 
  and before that , it where musicals . 
  and before that , it were the books . 
  and before that , it ... 
  sounds the same as in the netherlands . 
  [ laugh track ], 
  never read peter pan or this book . 
  should i read peter pan first ? 
  and so , the circle is completed . 
  now there will come a new peter pan from the heavens , that will kidnap the new lost boys , that will kill the pirates ( the old peter pan ) again , what makes them the pirates . 
  and so on and on and on . 
  non of those streaming services are available in my country . 
  the only streaming services available are itunes ( but with very limited content ) and spotify , but i want to be able to have my music on my ipod . 
  and i also want to be able to listen/see it on my ps3 . 
  english : [ the cranberries - zombies ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ejga4kjuts ), 
  dutch : [ klein orket - over de muur ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cy8gpbuhvi ), 
  about the berlin wall and communism . 
  could n't find a english translation for the lyrics .
