   van der garde 's team wants all @sauberf1team assets to be locked up before the team , including ceo , leave australia after the gp . 
  i can only wish vdg good luck . 
  he was a returning segment in the dutch f1 broadcasts , always talking to the commentators about the f1 world , his relationship with it and his expectations for the weekend . 
  it was so painful to see the last segment with him . 
  he was so sad and confused about the situation . 
  he just did n't know what was going on and how to deal with it at the moment . 
  let 's not forget that this happened :, 
   [ van der garde denied pass for abu dhab ] ( http://www.worldcarfans.com/114112284772/van-der-garde-denied-pass-for-abu-dhabi---report ), 
  this was after adderly fong ( gp3 rider ) paid for a change to race in the f1 car . 
  this happened without any consultation with guido . 
  not applying to a court order is a felony which can lead to jail time . 
  that 's why it 's mentioned , vdg lawyers mention that no one wants that . 
  yes , setting priorities in less world hunger , combating disease , more safety in the world and basic education for everyone . 
  how ridiculous !, 
  * we do n't know, 
  * we do n't know, 
  * yes, 
  * we do n't know . 
  seems very unlikely to me , since they 're racing with money that f1 inc gave them in advance . 
  that next to money they do n't have the right to ( sutils and vdg 's money ) . 
  * sutil is suing sauber in swiss court for compensation, 
  no , she 's 33 % share holder and still is in the middle of the mess . 
  even if they could fire here now , sauber would be left to clean up the mess she made . 
  yes , i also remember the 2014 season . 
  why not ? 
  it 's hilarious . 
  and they lost the appeal , yet they do n't comply to the judges orders . 
  they are being sued for that now , working against vdg despite judge orders . 
  this is something that 's still going on . 
  i see the best case scenario as sauber not racing this weekend , worst case them not racing and being charged with criminal charges , thus not allowing them to leave the country . 
  why do you waste your time complaining about how other people enjoy spending their time ? 
  you do n't have to pay for live timings . 
  who would want to go to that shithole ? 
  dat is dan 350eur van 700eur en 50eur van 100eur . 
  yes . 
  he still has 4 engines he can use . 
  they could run engine a in race 1 , b in 2 , c in 3 en d in 4 and then a again in 5 . 
  or engine c if they like . 
  they 're just not going to do more damage to the engine , so he now uses engine b till they are able to fix up engine a. 
  what did they eat between breakfast and lunch then ? 
  especially if breakfast is really that small . 
  teams have around 60 tokens they can use . 
  repairing something costs a set number of tokens , depending on how important those parts are . 
  edit :, 
  turns to be wrong . 
  see zadgadka 's reply . 
  events on such a scale are not possible without volunteers . 
  volunteers also play a big part in evens like the world cup and the olympics . 
  we take great pride in our ability to never have to go uphill !, 
  ca n't remember catherham or marussia assigning 4 drivers for 2 seats . 
  on what do you base that they do n't have the same sort of legal protection on contract disputes ? 
  90 % man en 90 % 18-24 , 
  why did you watch 10 seasons of a show you did n't like ? 
  i agree with this . 
  it almost feels like we arrived in a new f1 era with so many rookies that are also able to perform . 
  he would be one of the mechanics . 
  doubt it . 
  you can also do that in the middle of nowhere with no tools ? 
  that 's why . 
  it also sounded like only a coupe guys . 
  as far as i know is under aged drinking not a problem in most countries and only buying it is illegal . 
  and even if it was illegal , it would have been allowed by his parents who are also at the location where he would drink , which makes it even less a problem . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it means that rookies receive much better training and are able to go straight to mid-teams , which does help . 
  the cars are anything but easier to drive . 
  maybe starting and driving a lap is easier , but being able to compete a full race is still really though . 
  have you seen the comparison between a gp2 steering wheel and a f1 wheel ? 
  and for some reason he had to explain to doctors why he fell of the stairs ... 
  nah , most people would think you 're a dumb asshole . 
  that is n't his problem . 
  he means filtering from `` all '' . 
  except that the question was n't about personal information , but about spam . 
  yes he did . 
  the working class would get 330 eur in 2014 , 1000 eur in 2015 and more in 2017 . 
  this would be accomplished trough less taxes for the working class . 
  wtf @ lp, 
  love your stuff man !, 
  any thoughts about updating it for 2014 ? 
  no they would n't . 
  if mercedes is able to reduce laptimes by 2 seconds , the others could reduce laptimes by 5 seconds ( to say some numbers ) . 
  it 's easier to be bad and become good then be good and become the same amount better . 
  why do n't you think you can consider it the same ? 
  je punt ? 
  it was the joke . 
  it just flew right over everyone 's head . 
  no , it 's a stupid lie that gets thrown around to make reddit seem important . 
  after the boston bombing reddit `` found '' the perpetrator . 
  the guy was missing when the idea of him being to guy who did it was thrown around and was found dead later . 
  people like to think reddit is important enough to accomplish that , while in reality he already was dead for days . 
  in 5 minutes there will be given a press conference by the mod . 
  edit :, 
  2 dutch soldier died in the incident . 
  it seems that there was a technical malfunction . 
  kleine greep van slogans/standpunten van hun website :, 
   isa ja is nee, 
   - housefeesten verbieden . 
  edit :, 
  stembureaus zijn in principe tot 21h open . 
  i did . 
  i do have an account , but ca n't reach the right fora .
