  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o99ss6k7ru ) is the trailer for a documentary about the oostvaardersplassen , just east of amsterdam . 
  there are ( in my opinion ) no hard feelings , but sadly it 's really distant . 
  the dutch antilles do n't play that big of a roll in dutch politics and i 'm afraid we 're distancing ourself from them . 
  last there was news about a disease in cura\u00e7ao . 
  the newscaster basically said cura\u00e7ao is a country a lot of dutch people go on holiday to & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; . 
  that 's not wrong , but it 's dumb to say . 
  it 's like saying `` a lot of people got sick in gotland . 
  gotland is a place lots of sweden go on holiday to !, 
  it 's a great thing and should be used more often . 
  a lot of people are still suffering and ai n't eligible for euthanasia . 
  you 're only eligible for euthanasia under very specific circumstances . 
  those are :, 
  * the suffering of the patient is unbearable and has no future, 
  * the doctor needs to be completely sure that the request for euthanasia if completely voluntary and well thought out . 
  * the patients has to be well informed about his/her current situation and the possible future, 
  * at least one other doctor is asked about his judgement on the euthanasia request , looking at the demands made . 
  * the patient and doctor have decided that there is no other reasonable solution possible, 
  * the entire process has been done according to medical code and is done with the best of care . 
  illegal euthanasia is basically considered murder and can give you 12 years of prison . 
  as far as i know , this has never happened . 
  a big problem lies with mental illness . 
  80 % of those who die by euthanasia suffered from cancer . 
  this is a disease were we all can say that it does fit the first requirement . 
  it 's almost ( if not completely ) impossible to get your euthanasia request full filled when suffering from a mental illness , like dementia . 
  is having a challenged live the same as unbearable ? 
  is it clear to you what euthanasia is and what would happen ? 
  do you know about the other options and have you truly considered those ? 
  we ca n't be sure you know all this or are able to know this when you have a mental illness . 
  and we have to problem of the doctors self . 
  they swore to heal , and now they kill on request . 
  that 's very demanding to do and should not be underestimated . 
  thankfully , things are getting better . 
  the law does n't say you ca n't get euthanasia if you suffer from a mental illness . 
  it just makes it harder . 
  every euthanasia case gets thoroughly researched when performed , to see if nothing went wrong . 
  last years more and more people with mental illnesses are given the gift of euthanasia . 
  here an ( google translate ) article about a case in 2013 :, 
  how does sweden differ from the other scandinavian countries ? 
  as an outsider , those countries seem really alike . 
  what makes sweden sweden ? 
  still waiting for that guy that invented them to get a nobel prize . 
  have to say that that turbo roundabout is really , really complicated and big . 
  most of them are only 2 lanes in , this one has 5 lanes . 
  so just like finland and norway  ? 
  yeah , i meant it from a design perspective . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@52.001624,4.454176,3a,75y,233.47h,81.37t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s-acsnkxsgw7zo3zoklncxq!2e0 ) an other with 5 lanes , which also has traffic lights . 
  it 's a certain type of turbo roundabout , a `` verkeersplein '' ( traffic square ) . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.dirkdebaan.nl/types.html ) to the different types ( dutch ) . 
  als x-x-x of als ikkssssss . 
  would that guy being a volunteer make it meaningless ? 
  everyone who did n't mention [ heidevolk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrerudtf2ta ) is a filthy [ roman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrhge5a5jq0 ) !, 
  yes , it was . 
  if you watch the behind the scenes , you see they 're really serious about it . 
  dan is het anders ja . 
  i think that it was n't an accident that those animals got killed ... 
  you just made that up . 
  no one said the us did n't do anything wrong there . 
  op only said that in fallujah it was for 99,99 % bad guys . 
  this has been adressed by the admins not that long ago . 
  it does happen that people get banned on a public host , but those bannnes get lifted . 
  they call their contact in the fbi . 
  being an us airline carrier , they probably have that guy . 
  and then something would go wrong when they ignored this and you would be screaming that they should have acted . 
  furthermore , it 's a normal tactic to announce your terrorist attacks . 
  not doing that is a really recent phenomenon . 
  why would you do that ? 
  no , do n't start from season 2 . 
  series have to build their characters , plus shield gets better every episode . 
  if you feel like you have to endure them , it maybe is n't the show for you . 
  the first episodes are not really the same as the latter , but they are essential for the story building . 
  a lot of import story moments happen in the beginning and a lot of puzzle pieces are given for later episodes . 
  if you really , really do n't to watch it , i would say episode 7/8 . 
  why would a mod pm you ? 
  especially those from askreddit . 
  ask the mods of iama yourself . 
  you either got ziggo or upc , so nothing changes on that . 
  you never was able to choose between them . 
  that does n't mean anything at all . 
  brazil is also a hub , but is only 5 mbps . 
  it 's mostly that laying cable here is cheap ( flat country ) and there are a lot of people ( lots of customers ) on a small area ( less miles of cable needed ) . 
  je informatie is fout . 
  they 're still good too . 
  snowden miste te media ofzo ? 
  you can also just try a month subscription first and see if you like it . 
  op did n't even defend it . 
  it 's a joke , not bullshit calling . 
  when did he do that ? 
  he did n't say it was his content . 
  this post is fucking bullshit . 
  `` i saw this picture on twitter '' is n't nearly as funny as the description he gave . 
  in the end , reddit is still a content aggregator . 
  and it would be a stupid title . 
  it 's not an accident that tags like [ oc ] exist . 
  he did n't even made up the title himself , it was exactly what the tweet said . 
  this is the most silly bullshit calling ever here . 
  if he started saying in the comments that it was his cat and the `` bs caller '' replied with the tweet , then i can see your point . 
  that is n't what happened . 
  / u/tawnyleona mentioned that the op said the mother would have died during ( before ? ), 
  the c-section . 
  wait , what ?
