  i fucking love you . 
  do n't get yourself in the situation that make an apache fire on you . 
  i do n't mean that in a `` you should n't be able to surrender '' kind of way , but in a `` you know you sign up to die '' - way . 
  if that makes sense . 
  they also have an expire date . 
  in the raf hellfires can only be on the load for so long , after which they need to be sent back and inspected . 
  it 's always been that way . 
  walking away after a fight does n't give you a free pass . 
  this has come up and has been dismissed multiple times . 
  you could puch a baby through the biggest arterie , but not a fullgrown human . 
  seems i was wrong . 
  i 'm such a special snowflake pancake beatles meuw tha1s just me be1ing random !, 
  you would be surprised . 
  i noticed at their concerts ( i 've worked there ) that there where a lot of 16-19 year olds . 
  majority under 16 , but still a lot older ones . 
  he did n't have any right to get revenge . 
  we have courts for that . 
  can comfirm , have basic knowledge of the law . 
  i came from even more the future . 
  shampoo will actually be bad for your hair on longterm . 
  i only use shampoo every other day . 
  still sounds much , but i halved the use of shampoo in a lifetime . 
  exept when kids die as results of their parents action . 
  how does that even make sense ? 
  we 're talking about the kids of parent who do n't let them be vaccinated . 
  those kids die , while they did n't do a thing wrong . 
  yeah , you would totaly rock doing it and it would n't happen to you . 
  would n't the record already be 75m , if 2 % survives ? 
  or that libyan being burried alive , feet down , by enemy forces who are cheering ? 
  that 's a myth . 
  it 's discussed somewhere in this threat . 
  there are a lot of true heroes lattely . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  how would that even sell more shoes ? 
  why did they use marine basic training ? 
  it seems to me that that would n't be a running scenerio comparible to what most runners run . 
  dutch checking in . 
  in 2014 you can only buy alcohol over 16 , because fuck public opinion . 
  that 's stupid . 
  worst case scenario overhere you would get a 90eur fine ( 45 if you 're 12-16 ) and a night in jail to sober up if you 're to drunk to help yourself . 
  and you 're allowed to drink in private at all times . 
  so homeparties would n't be `` busted '' if there are 15/16 year olds drinking . 
  it only applies to public places and buying alcohol . 
  why not ? 
  i 'm 19 and i know perfecly what my limits are thanks to experimenting since i was 16 , when i still partied close to home . 
  now i would be in a much bigger problem when i get past my limits . 
  not drinking does n't learn you what your limits are . 
  drinking does . 
  i know my limits because i did drink , not because i did n't . 
  [ here ] ( http://prod.cloud.rockstargames.com/ugc/gta5photo/9290/fsc5kuqyq024cakvcf2aqa/0_0.jpg ) . 
  best i could get . 
  you guys really like your \u00e4 . 
  compared to who ? 
  god of war, 
  i theorise that we do n't have a `` who knows when i can do this again '' - mentality . 
  when you do n't have easy acces , it maybe is now or never . 
  but i know that i can walk to the coffeeshop and just smoke some , so i do n't feel that pressure . 
  go to / r/iwanttolearn and use the search function . 
  they had usefull advice for me . 
  on phone so i ca n't give you a link . 
  yeah , problems like that solve themselves . 
  so it would be in the school regulations that you agree with by going to that school ? 
  i agree with you . 
  there is no reason to think someone stops raping after 1 rape . 
  i would n't think you would lie . 
  it 's not like famous people are n't able to commit crimes . 
  i 'm sorry for what happened to you , but you should have reported it . 
  there is no reason to think he stopped molesting people . 
  it was the way he dressed . 
  that 's what i just do n't get . 
  `` i totally understand you 're in pain because you ca n't be in a dessert for 13 months getting ptsd '' . 
  well , i agree with that guy ( in de video ) . 
  it 's not like he smashed her into through bullet proof glass or something . 
  he got in the face , girl gets punched backwards what makes her go to tin glass . 
  unbelievable that the girl did n't get arrested . 
  but now i think about it , it seems more likely that did n't happen because she was under 16 . 
  could n't find an official police responds , besides the statement that the man was arrested and the girl was n't . 
  really ? 
  to me it seems that most people agree with the guy . 
  i wish there where more butterflies . 
  your wish is stupid . 
  maybe because they 're different countries with different people and policies . 
  but doing so will do nothing against crimes . 
  this guy is christian , so it seems very likely he was present when this happened . 
  i do n't know his name . 
  if you do you should report it to the police . 
  he gives me the finger . 
  means he 's tough enough to pull this of . 
  months ago there was a guy who created a good external search engine for reddit , but last time i checked it was offline . 
  but it is possible to improve it . 
  and on what grounds do you base that claim ? 
  that answer is n't right . 
  it 's penis . 
  without a penis we could n't reproduce and would go extinct . 
  i only know attackers . 
  loving current music , but actually attack other genres . 
  not disliking , attacking . 
  and i 'm friends with them . 
  i thought that was implented by this . 
  i 'm really excited by your question .
