  assuming it ai n't multinationals profiting . 
  the actual oil does n't have to go to the us so make a profit . 
  that banner ... 
  it 's beautiful . 
  `` to get some work expierence and make some money '', 
  you see , it 's not that hard . 
  i wanted to start building in a fractal design r4 case , but i ca n't figure out what some of the connected in the case are for . 
  i assume the small ones are connected to the fan controller that has 3 options ( 3 options , so 3 cables ) . 
  i 've no clew about what the thick one does . 
  how/where do i connect those , especially the short one . 
  and how do i know which one is 5/7/12 volt ? 
  just started with fsx again , and as far as i see this would be the best options :, 
  mesh ( 1 ) : fsgenesis world terrain mesh, 
  landscape ( 2 ) : utx europe, 
  textures ( 3 ) : ftx global, 
  weather ( 4 ) : rex essentials +, 
  i choose fsgenesis over fsglobal because the first is around 4gb , where the second is over 40gb . 
  i could n't find any comparisons between fsg , fsg and default so i decided that the addition 36gb was n't worth it . 
  i do n't know if anyone know more about this ? 
  i just started again after a 1 + break with fsx , so maybe my knowledge if failing me . 
  it seems you 're right , thank you . 
  it seems you 're right , thank you . 
  i kept all the other cables out of the picture on purpose . 
  it seems you were right and i need to connect the fans to those cables . 
  however , the ambulance ride cost him 58usd . 
  i 'm a student that makes not so much money . 
  so the government gives me 90e/month `` zorgtoeslag '' , which covers almost my insurance . 
  i pay 110e a month . 
  do n't remember exactly what i get , but i pay a extra fee for dental insurance and 20 session physiotherapy . 
  i 've problems with my left knee , so i see go t the physio for that . 
  since the issue would only be solved temporally i went to the hospital for it . 
  i got a echo and a mri scan and went to see a sport doctor 4 times . 
  what did it cost me ? 
  absolutely nothing , except the monthly fee i payed extra for the physio . 
  also , a couple years ago i had to do a mri for a potential tumor . 
  went to see a specialist , did a scan , turned out i was fine . 
  what did it cost ? 
  10 euro 's parking costs . 
  it is published in the guide `` convict conditioning '' , should be easy to find . 
  nobody really knows what 's going to happen . 
  as far as i know it become a loanstystem ( but how that 's going to work ... ) , and the students that are already doing a study keep the old system . 
  commenting so i remember to open a post in / r/netherlands about insurance companies . 
  that is a problem here , but that has nothing to do with uhc . 
  belgium also has uhc and have shorter waiting lists for bigger operations . 
  at my doctor i have to wait a week max . 
  i do n't know about surgeries . 
  so i can just say my gf had a soa and get one for free ? 
  or did you need proof or a bigger story ? 
  and when do you sleep ? 
  the bartenders here , if they start there shift at 7pm , work until 3am . 
  anyone in the hse/hsse here ? 
  pls, 
  i 'm not sure if you are for real , or refering to the game beyond 2 souls . 
  now i do n't want to go in a coma . 
  okay , i was away for a week . 
  what true story with ronny johnson happend ? 
  was that a protest sign against shell on the podium ? 
  i do n't know what the text was , but the image was the right face of a polarbear and on the left the shell logo . 
  so propably about the oil drills at the north pool . 
  well , i think it 's awesome . 
  i tried to join this profession , but the quest master rejected me . 
  taking pictures was n't really a priority i think . 
  do n't know about the us , but in the netherlands that would count as a citizen arrest . 
  the woman caught the man do it , giving her the right the arrest him . 
  she could also transfer that right to an other person , which would be the frontmen . 
  you must be a witness of the crime , so there is always proof of the crime . 
  you ca n't arrest someone if you did n't witness the crime yourself being done . 
  however , someone who can perform the arrest ( the woman in this situation ) could transfer her right to perform the arrest to someone else ( a security guard for example ) . 
  this is almost only used in the security world . 
  i work as a parttime security guard and this law gives me certain rights . 
  it allows me to escort you from the building or hold you in custondy ( or how you spell it ) until the police arrives . 
  it 's disgusting to see how you missuse such a horrible act . 
  i support a intervention that is n't done by the us alone , so there 's that . 
  what is going on is horrible and tens of millions are the victim . 
  you guys ( the us ) are huge supportes of throwing over your own government with guns if you have to , but when an other does it we ca n't support them . 
  fine if you do n't support the fsa or the other organization ( better to not support the last one ) , but i think that when a population fights for their freedom , we always should support them . 
  it is what i want to happen if we got in a civil war between the government and our citizen over our rights . 
  you said that the us would perform a genocide , they would n't . 
  rwanda was a genocide , armenia was a genocide , in bosnia was a genocide , in the second world war wad a genocide . 
  this would n't . 
  no one means that . 
  i 'm not advocating that any of the 4-6 mayor groups should win . 
  the perfect solution would be going back in time 2 years and let the opposition agree with the elections , while under supervision of the un . 
  as / u/youcefhd mentioned in his ama on / r/syriancivilwar , there is no good side at the moment . 
  he knows families that would get killed by the fsa , and families that would get killed by the saf . 
  i think that we got at a point where the only option is that everyone loses . 
  what i think that should happen is that the un goes in and creates `` conflict free '' zones where people can fled to and that we support the organizations ( red cross , etc. ), 
  and countries ( turkey ) who are helping ( willingly or unwillingly ) those who are fleeing or simple want this to end . 
  there was a split second where they switched to the overview of the podium and the banner went up , but they switched back to the close up view after that . 
  exept that for the receiving organisation your penny also would be a penny , where this still would be a 100.000 usd, 
  it 's a joke . 
  would n't really classify dragonforce as powermetal , more like powerrock or something . 
  i just posted this problem in / r/techsupport , thought that maybe some of you are familiar with this problem . 
  i talked on the irc chat and discovered that one of my usb ports was broken ( could n't find a solution ) . 
  maybe it has something to do with it ( i hope it has ) , but i 'm going to send it in for repairs . 
  i like how we have a `` buy on distance '' law that gives you a 7 days cooldown period . 
  `` damn , did i order that stupid bowl last night ?? 
  welp , no problem . 
  let 's sent it back '' . 
  for stealing 500usd ?
