  and over here amazon only sells ebooks , let alone electronics or household items ... 
  same in dutch . 
  pretty sure around 3 million romans are stil alive . 
  that 's why he said `` for a large part '' . 
  giving the spotify option is okay , since you have to buy the spotify package as separate product . 
  how is that picture taken if they all would be dead ? 
  ja , reddit is social media . 
  learn to read or finish basic education or something . 
  then you see he was talking about a large part of africa . 
  so no , not mozambique . . 
  it is . 
  mass shootings happen almost on a daily basis and this year a 100 people have already died in such a shooting . 
  you just ca n't battle stupidity . 
  the entire world sees how completely mental the u.s. gun policy is . 
  it 's like an emo teen that keeps cutting himself . 
  what never happens ? 
  how should there be an increase if it always has been legal ? 
  in march alone 120 people got injured and 30 people died in mass shootings ( shootings where 4 or more people got shot ) . 
  but sure , keep pretending everything is ok while the rest of the civilised world points at school shootings and mass shootings where you guys do n't give a shit about . 
  get yourself checked . 
  it 's not healthy to think that people find you important enough for that . 
  that 's not what he was saying at all . 
  of course his f1 dreams are over , he got in a seat , was n't able to keep it and is out now . 
  it 's almost impossible to get back in . 
  this is just mindless bitching on bernie . 
  yes , please go against the un map form for no reason . 
  that 's not security , that 's insurance . 
  he was talking about actual security ( identity theft and the like ) . 
  i do n't see any reason for them to actually look inside your stomach . 
  you 're probably months of research away from that . 
  just contact your local gp . 
  this is not true , unless this is the first 5, 
  minutes on the internet for you . 
  we were n't watching a movie , but a 4 second clip from a funny event . 
  not getting any porn on mobile here , just the picture . 
  yeah , he probably posted this to fuck us al. 
  every redditor obviously should check every link they every post on every device in existence !, 
  why would he do that if there is nothing wrong ? 
  that 's a very easy way to dismiss non-positive scores , `` they just did n't understand it '' . 
  not a really useful spoiler alert if you first say who died and after that for which movie the alert was . 
  `` an internet user is someone who uses the internet '', 
  where do you read anything about restrictions on the usage ? 
   no wonder the french did n't even know there was a hostage . 
  whut ? 
  that was n't because rtl nieuws did n't report anything on it . 
  `` nothing happened today , just like the last 1000 days '' is n't really news . 
  how can you possible even make a link like that is beyond me . 
  neither does madagascar , cuba and australia . 
  it says a lot about the sport when someone who was coached for 12 years to drive in the highest motorsport class can do it ? 
  what a load of crap . 
  it does n't say anything about the state of sport , nikki is just a old man who likes to pretend he had it so much more difficult . 
  haha , no . 
  they did the dumbest shit you can possibly do as a blog site . 
  it 's not like they did n't know what they where doing was wrong . 
  just directly go to their site of you want to read their articles . 
  ggvvd . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  iirc teams measure the moment the car goes up until the car goes down , while the fia ( and the times you see on your screen ) from time the car stops till the car starts moving again . 
  they did n't bring a sponsor to redbull , so they should n't be there . 
  there is nothing that they can do to the diggers that would prevented this . 
  how can you possibly make that comparison ? 
  that 's just mental . 
  it has nothing to do with each other . 
  believe me , you did n't have some genius insight that no one has every thought of . 
  it is considered , it was talked about , it is researched . 
  quick , patent it !, 
  you are obviously the first person ever o consider something like that . 
  it 's not like other people would ever consider such a solution . 
  i can understand the first three , but why wwz ? 
  or on time . 
  going 50km/h on mountain roads for a hour is a lot more dangerous then 130km/h on the freeway for 2 . 
  the data seems to be way of for the top european countries , have n't checked other countries yet . 
  except that most roads you guys would drive ai n't that dangerous . 
  highways are one of the safest type of road you could drive on . 
  and how much of that are on the highway , possibly the safest roadtype in existence ? 
  no one here is proposing anything new . 
  it 's not like anyone had some genius insight that would change the safety of the sport . 
  the ideas are talked about and experimented with . 
  some got implanted ( digital sc , more often a sc , no races at dawn , ... ) , some not ( barriers around those trucks ) . 
  they are not trying to take advantage of you . 
  it 's completely normal that there is a student pakket that 's cheap as balls compared to the same package for non-student . 
  you are in one of the best insurance group possible . 
  and do you meet the demands for zorgtoeslag ? 
  i ca n't really imagine a international student getting it . 
  fwiw , you need to have at least a part-time job to be eligible . 
  * be 18 year or older, 
  * have a dutch health insurance, 
  * your income is n't to high, 
  * you have the dutch nationality or have a permit, 
  * your net worth is n't to high, 
  * i 'm an international student * :, 
   are you only in the netherlands to study ? 
  then you ca n't get zorgtoeslag . 
   did you live in the netherlands on the 31st of december 2014 because you study here and are 30 years or older ? 
  then you can get zorgtoeslag , assuming you meet the requirements . 
  so you need to have a part-time job that gives you an monthly income . 
  the second club sport in the country is probably tennis , followed by field hockey ( again , i assume ) . 
  there are around 700.000 tennis players and 200.000 hockey players . 
  a bit unfair to compare it against football . 
  no one thinks that , you are now just pretending that people think that so you have something to say .
