  for what would you be called out ? 
  that 's a weird thing to call someone on . 
  that 's not a weird , rare thing to say at all . 
  thank you !, 
  did n't realise you could scroll down further and click the alien . 
  you were right about the focus . 
  thanks for the fast response and great site !, 
  kan je one uppen . 
  edit :, 
  and in the comment section on the skyrim post ( one of the top posts on the sub ) , there 's someone upvoted for saying that she has to fight her lesbian urges . 
  that sub became total shit when it was decided that satire was allowed and most of the posts became satire . 
  dutch astronaut kuipers said that it 's often more being a space ambassador then being an astronaut . 
  he 's more involved in opening science fairs and given speeches about space . 
  you also work your entire live towards 2 or 3 missions in space . 
  it can be very mentally exhausting to know that everything you do will result in only 2/3 missions . 
  since this is the third post about it and since it 's mentioned multiple times in the watch thread , probably . 
  i just always do a small wave . 
  the problem is more in when i 'll wave . 
  `` if i do it now and he does n't wave back , it would be 5 very awkward seconds . 
  but if i wait longer , he 'll miss it and i 'll look stupid '' . 
  the world is bigger then 1 country where they could run it . 
  dailymotion . 
  that is n't happening . 
  what were their problems ? 
  a lot of problems go away by just waiting 7 to 14 days , so we wo n't waist money on them . 
  and when they felt that they needed to go to a specialist , did they actually said that to the gp ? 
  getting threatment earlier is not the same as better healthcare . 
  it 's not only about wasting time , but also about wasting resource . 
  no , we wo n't help you when you have a fever or have a cold . 
  just stop bitching when you have it . 
  do n't go to the gp when you know what you have and the gp ca n't do anything . 
  in the old sub there were often posts made by foreign students and expats where they asked if they should see a gp/specialist for minor problems . 
  that 's something that seriously is frowned upon . 
  if you read his comment , you will see that you only addressed halve of his statement . 
  there are more countries in the world then the us . 
  for europe , it 's really expensive . 
  or go to germany , switzerland , austria , ... that the system is n't perfect does n't mean you should go to eastern europe . 
  here is a wild thought : let 's see how we can make it more efficient !, 
  or should we just not talk about that at all ? 
  because that 's what you 're suggesting . 
  canaldigitaal is er ook nog . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the gp and how many people go to see a specialist has nothing to do with the deductible . 
  the leiden city town hall does n't have fiver either , yet they have 10 options . 
  that 's why i mentioned it . 
  i actually said that . 
  for the record , you could any housing in leiden and get the same result . 
  i just did n't want to use someones own address . 
  being a government does n't give you a free pass to oppress your population and suppress demonstrations . 
  it 's illegal , but it should n't give you 1 year of jail . 
  weird statement from you , considering your username . 
  point being ? 
  ... what ? 
  amersfoort has fiber . 
  leiden does n't . 
  i said which options you has in amersfoort and in leiden . 
  i used the information from adslwinkel . 
  leiden does n't have fiber in the ground . 
  i know what i wrote . 
  if the most evil thing ever lives basically a short run from your front door , maybe you should consider moving . 
  it 's in hobbit feet . 
  for reference , it 's a reference to an oudejaarsconference from 2012 . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaoxw5dzgjk ) . 
  for me it 's way to big . 
  i either ca n't read anything or have just 1 cover almost fullscreen ( 1440x900 resolution screen ) . 
  there is also a lot of unused space , so i think it could be a lot compacter . 
  i would also put captain america 1 as first movie , since it 's in 1945 instead of post-1990 . 
  but that 's just personal preference . 
  i do like the tier 1-2-3 system you used . 
  i do n't like comic books at all , but i would consider reading those connected with the mcu . 
  obviously means you need to have them on both sides and fire simultaneously . 
  hi , welcome !, 
  we just had a discussion [ here ( link ) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/running/comments/2trbks/does_anyone_lift_heavy_and_run_25_miles_per_week/ ) about combining heavy lifting and running . 
  i also looked in starting a fitness program like sl5x5 , but got bored to dead so i started boxing instead . 
  in my non-professional , based on only myself , humble opinion , i would only start with 1 first . 
  not because your body ca n't take it , but because going from 0 days a week training to 6 days a week can mentally be very hard to keep up with . 
  i would start with one thing and start with the other things 6-8 weeks later . 
  since you already started it in december with working out , this may not apply to you anymore . 
  furthermore , start with the recommended weight . 
  the month you save by not doing so is not worth it . 
  you also can add some other workouts , but again , can you keep it up ? 
  ice cream fitness 5x5 is sl5x5 + additional workouts . 
  you ca n't say that you applied strava and not tell us how it went !, 
  `` no , during workdays i only run at night after dinner '' . 
  it 's just that easy . 
  want ? 
  limburg , hurhurhur . 
  how is this a mod post ? 
  because it 's obvious . 
  the same thing happened last time . 
  are we visiting the same sub ? 
  those post are pretty rare and discouraged . 
  the weekly achievements post if for that . 
  it being the movie ted is , propably not . 
  i agree with this . 
  to me , it seems way to fat and takes way to long to make in the morning . 
  do n't most people just eat a sandwich or cornflakes ? 
  the things they show you here is what i eat for brunch when i have the day of . 
  maybe , just maybe , the exact same thing happened with ted 1 ? 
  if you saw the trailers for ted 1 , you saw the movie .
