  that got my attention . 
  do you have any source on that ? 
  as far i understood about it , 6 ( + ) scientist died in a accident with die glocke . 
  and that it was a nuclear weapon . 
  thanks for those tips , i will look into it . 
  of course it is n't , you are using all your energy in a explosion and use the motion to get launched back . 
  10 push-ups in 20-30 seconds are way better . 
  they do n't do push-ups to make them stronger . 
  yes , in the begin they do . 
  but when standing in the ring your muscles must have a good condition . 
  that 's what you train with high rep push-ups . 
   i should also add that this turned me on because i was imagining that i was her at the time . 
  wait , what ? 
  getting cockroaches poured over you and have them crawling in your private parts turns you on ? 
  that 's why internet was invented ( okay , it was n't ) . 
  when you search good enough , you can learn the basics of a language free . 
  and for some money you could do on line classes . 
  you also could visit [ / r/languagelearning ] ( / r/languagelearning ) . 
  or ( when you know some basics ) , go to the subreddit of the country where they speak the language and find a pen pal . 
  no , do n't . 
  deleting this would n't be necessary by any means . 
  just put a update to the op that they are now removed ( or a other update ) . 
  in the eastern front they did . 
  they 've bought the russians a lot of time . 
  please , name something that people would scary for life when they see a picture of something . 
  i saw things from children that are literally turned into little pieces ( every body part separated ) to animal abuse where you just wish you could kill the animal so his suffer would end . 
  but there was n't a single moment in my life that i had a hard time sleeping . 
  so how could someone be scare them for life ? 
  ( note : i 'm actually asking this , i ca n't come up with something ), 
  no , but in the top corner ( right in windows , left in os x ) there is a red button that let 's you exit the page . 
  and when you find it on ready , other people properly already saw it and commented on what it was . 
  i just got a mental orgasm . 
  that . 
  awesome . 
  damn , why did you have to ruin my day ? 
  saddest fictional moment i have ever seen . 
  first i thought you where sneezing all over her . 
  made me confused why she stayed chill . 
  you foul !, 
  a man ca n't not fap on his one . 
  my grandfather ( dutch ) never really wants to talk about it . 
  but when he was 14 years old and the allies where held up at the rhine , he and his friends went with self-made raft to the north and shipped food to the drm . 
  he has a lot of other stories , but most of them are about the canadians driving with tanks into our city or how he saw friends die . 
  i did n't believe that , but still i did . 
  cause free health care . 
  stfu . 
  this guy paid his taxes . 
  that makes it possible for him to sit home . 
  it works the same as when you get paid while you are sick . 
  or do you guys do n't have that ? 
  never ever ever ever ever listen to your mother when it 's about job advice . 
  my cousin did a shitty master that had nothing to do with what he wanted to do , just because his mother made him . 
  my mother also listened to her mother about it , now she is a cleaning lady at the hospital . 
  her mother thought that the master ( do n't know how you call a course you follow after high-school in english ? ), 
  was to far away and she wanted that my mother stayed in the city . 
  she never regretted anything more in here entire life . 
  do n't mistake me , getting advice is ok . 
  but do n't let your mother decide . 
  and it 's also weird that they have interest in chemotherapy ? 
  and it 's weird that they want to prepare for when the oil is gone ? 
  they power plant is also used to gain isotopes that are used in chemotherapy . 
  and when the oil crisis strike , they ca n't build a alternative in a matter of days . 
  no , but i think that they like to have some them selfs . 
  true , but i think it 's just a mater of time before there is a total trade embargo against iran . 
  so i can understand that iran do n't want to really on other country 's for energy and health care . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bndestem.nl/multimedia/dynamic/02039/bs_15141225_151412_2039299h.jpg ) . 
  that 's why . 
  the nurseries here are huge . 
  and how would you notice ? 
  fly 24/7 over the entire country , looking for drugs ? 
  and what has you point you make now to do with fines for drugs ? 
  really ? 
  do you have a ( recent ) source on that ? 
  never heard about that before . 
   we have something like that happen almost every week in america . 
  i do n't really see the point of this single anecdote or how it supports your argument . 
  you guys have gunfights as big as the northern illinois university shooting every week ? 
  we had the same amount of deaths ( if i remember correctly , even more ) and wounded . 
  and that in a very small mall . 
  do n't mistake me , i agree with you that the us is way more violent than the netherlands . 
  but do n't mistake how big the shooting was . 
  just do it !, 
  i just started . 
  i mean , it are only 700 episodes before you catch up . . 
  i agree . 
  it was also just like `` so , we 've to leave ok bye '' . 
  they did n't work really to this episode . 
  crushed my childhood . 
  never understood why they let those characters had to die . 
  and why ash acted like a dick . 
  `` so , here 's your bike !, 
  hurry up !, 
  of course , and the very end he has his little speech . 
  but there happened so much in just one episode . 
  brother had some kind of problem !, 
  he was n't able to poop anywhere , except our own home ( but still had a lot of trouble here ) . 
  do you notice a difference between pooping at home and somewhere else ? 
  they ai n't static ? 
  in which century do you live ? 
  having a dynamic ip is n't that common .
