  because it 's printed on a map of how europe currently looks . 
  that just makes sense . 
  why would n't you ? 
  the storage room for foods like that is probably somewhere else . 
  i know my kitchen is way to small to use space as storage , so i use the room that 's specifically created for this under the stairs . 
  because more then 40 % of the userbase is us based , so it 's compared to their own situation ? 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  people like comparing things to their own situation . 
  he was . 
  first guy said he liked the movie , he said he did n't . 
  kinda depends . 
  just every other sunday can be cheap after initial costs . 
  it can get really , really expensive . 
  but i would say that 90 % of the divers do it on fairly low costs . 
  diving in countries far away , diving in wrecks on other parts of the world and going into caves in the middle of the jungle is done only by the few . 
  the drysuits i saw sold between 1000 and 2000 usd , 7mm wetsuits between 300 and 600 usd ( including cape , excluding boots and gloves ) . 
  cheapest i could find in a couple minutes is [ 845eur ] ( http://www.duikenzwemshop.nl/droogpakken/339-seac-warmdry-droogpak-van-4-mm-high-density-neopreen-voor-zowel-dames-als-heren.html ) and the most expensive [ 1700eur ] ( http://www.duikenzwemshop.nl/droogpakken/361-droogpak-bare-sb-system-drysuit-men-hd-boots-ademend-en-draagt-als-natpak.html ) . 
  i actually do have a problem with it . 
  in the basic package the ent ( kno arts ) is included . 
  now i 've pain in my left ear ( now over 6 months ) . 
  first i went to my own doctor 3 times . 
  all the 3 times i got a different medicine . 
  did n't work , so i went to a ent doctor . 
  he also gave me medicines , that also did n't work . 
  after 3 visits he decided to sent me an actual jaw pt . 
  up until now it only costed me my eigen risico . 
  but the pt is n't in the package , so suddenly i have to pay a crapload of money !, 
  they could operate my entire face and it would n't cost me anything , but something as cheap as a pt could n't be covered . 
  i think it 's weird that the ent is covered , while the pt is n't . 
  alleen jammer dat de `` most modern skyline of the country '' gestoord lelijk is . 
  yes , why would the police need safety ? 
  children ? 
  they seem at least 16 . 
  finishing a race is not the same as not having bad luck . 
  thanks for letting us know . 
  that 's contradicting to the top comment . 
  do you have a source or something ? 
  edit :, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditoftheday/comments/27iyzu/june_7th_2014_rcruise_partying_hard_on_a_boat/ ), 
  to be fair , the intro is almost the same . 
  and make it unnecessary difficult to watch on a pc . 
  then you can give me your fazer . 
  ca n't promise i 'll take good care of it  . 
   i do n't really think there is a real kind of dutch culture but well ,, 
  thanks , maxima . 
   i think most ` real ' dutch things vanished especially now the hague wants to make zwarte piet ( aka . 
  black piet ) not black anymore because it 's racist d :, 
  no they do n't, 
  with a 12 day old account . 
  you need to be able to support yourself in the country you currently are . 
  schengen does n't protect you for that . 
  except that this is n't a `` little thing '' to program . 
  so it 's 2 actions instead of 1 . 
  over here you have to contact the requirement centre if you 're 190-210 so they can measure you and find out if you can still in a cockpit . 
  it then depends on where your length is ( long legs , longer upper body , long neck , ... ), 
  i 'm talking about the netherlands . 
  i imagine it is n't that different in the usa . 
  seems a bit weird that a bit higher would immediately would be a no-go . 
  you guys did n't think of taking it higher up ? 
  sigh , i miss indonesia ... 
  does n't make the planes bigger . 
  that 's because it 's a bot posting it . 
  -120 in 5 minutes ? 
  must be a record . 
  who was thinking that ? 
  at the start everyone wanted the safety car to go away . 
  posted 8:55 . 
  which time zone are you ? 
  this is not true . 
  the post-race tread is still up . 
  so we 're really gon na post this every single race ? 
  wec has different rules under yellow . 
  there 's a 60km/h max speed . 
  because it 's a freak incident . 
  now we have to go to the post tread , just like every other week . 
  the horror !, 
  and why do you think that ? 
  i see . 
  i understood it the other way around . 
  thanks for answering . 
  i searched a bit around and this was confirmed by ssnhq . 
  i do n't think that 's really the problem . 
  it 's that it are the same 5 pictures every single time . 
  and the last dead in f1 was 20 + years ago . 
  you ca n't take all risks away . 
  hello , 2008 calling . 
  try www.budgetgaming.nl . 
  they collect price data from multiple gameshops . 
  how would they know . 
  it was n't aired and not reported on screen . 
  on which channel is it aired in belgium ? 
  yes , you are . 
  it 's a dumb and expensive idea . 
  do you take yourself seriously , or what ? 
  it 's not remotely believable that the fia can afford that . 
  plus that it is n't their responsibility to operate material that remove cars from the track . 
  and why would you do such an expensive operation if this could be prevented by protocol changes ? 
  yes it is . 
  i think that most people would n't support removing every chicane , creating 100m run off and having the crowd on 400m distance from the track , even though that would be really safe . 
  pumping money in a freak incident is a waste .
