  thanks for explaining . 
  i assumed that compound/polish worked as a filler for the scratches and that you afterwards remove the compound/polish that did n't went into a scratch . 
  russia and china would be to small to see ? 
  it 's site wide policy , not decided on by the mods . 
  yeah , only 20 % ? 
  over here it 's 40 % . 
  21 % sales tax and around 20 % `` environmental '' tax . 
  no worries , they also tax cars . 
  we had a discussion on / r/bmw about this and it came down that for a bmw you pay 80k in the us for , you pay 120k in germany and 160k in the netherlands . 
  and do n't think you get around it by importing a car , then you 'll still have to pay it . 
  because the government likes to get a lot of money and drivers are an easy target . 
  so far so good . 
  expected a lot more people around the vancouver area . 
  did n't you know that any problem that occurs in us politics is also a problem in every other country ? 
  ging even langs me heen . 
  get youtube views . 
  no he is n't . 
  like the sentence before the part you quoted says , he 's wondering if they have a mayor drawback he may not be aware of . 
  but literally translated to english it 's iceland ( ijs = ice , land = land ) . 
  i 've a couple questions which i hope you guys can help me with . 
  first of all , how do you clean your pad on the fly ? 
  i want to start detailing my motorcycle good next weekend , and it 's the first time i 'll use a pad . 
  i 've seen on the video 's that the pads can get really , really gross . 
  how to clean them after you 've done a part so you can use it on an other part ? 
  secondly , 3 questions in one . 
  thoughts on how to clean [ these exhaust pipes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ps8mwby.jpg ) , [ this oxidation \\ ( ? \\ ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ycldh37.jpg?1 ) and [ this ... stuff ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9f0oo9n.jpg?1 ) ? 
  i think that the exhaust pipes should be brushed with a wire brush and polished with finish metal polish , but i do n't know if there is anything i can do about the other 2 problems . 
  lastly , should i use metal polish ( meguiars metal finish polish or even heavy cut polish ) or regular polish ( meguiars ultimate polish ) on the frame ? 
  you can see the frame on the last 2 pictures . 
  even if someone only can answer one question , you would be a great help !, 
  i 've no experience outside normally washing the car . 
  thanks for the steel wool/polish tip , i will do that i think . 
  jup , meant the rust in the ridges of the bold . 
  it feels really rough and very bumpy . 
  there are definitely parts that are deeper , and i ca n't say for sure if some parts are raised above the level they are supposed to be . 
  i also noticed that if you zoom in/go full screen on the picture you see a lot more details . 
  would agreement on the first one , but in europe are only allowed to drive a 125cc when you 're under 24 and have your license less then 2 years ( differs a bit per country ) , so that 's portably why that sub exists . 
  and here i was , thinking that justice was putting a suspect in front of an judge and letting him have a fair trial and be punished as decided by the laws that where voted on by a democratic institution . 
  how stupid of me . 
  as i said , it differs from country . 
  it still comes down to the same ruling . 
  good , even easier to have them be punished with the punishment decided on by the judge !, 
  why the fuck would you play own judge ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/04/28/army-says-no-to-more-tanks-but-congress-insists/ ) . 
  dan zijn we 5e . 
  dat is dubbelop . 
  that 's weird , since it 's a site wide policy . 
  i agree with this . 
  it 's really , really inconsiderate to share a picture like this . 
  do n't try to hide that with saying `` we did get all the blood out , so he wo n't be reminded of it ever time he gets in his car '' . 
  napoleonisten !, 
  that 's funny , because there were 145 shooting incidents at schools in the us since 2000 and there were 280 mass shootings ( shootings with 4 or more wounded ) in 2014 . 
  keep things safe us !, 
  the rest of the civilised world proofs the exact opposite . 
  like not having 145 shootings in schools in 14 years . 
  this has not always been the case . 
  if you watch season 5-12/13 top gear is more serious , which i , personally , liked better . 
  then they made a car show with a funny character , now they make an entertainment show that features cars . 
  edit :, 
  how is that relevant in any way ? 
  you mean kw . 
  34kw and 34hp are very , very different numbers . 
  this is just wrong . 
  university in the us could also be used for uoas . 
  it just works different . 
  no one tries to trick anyone . 
  how can that possibly sound fishy ? 
  sorry , but you 're not making any sense at all . 
  no one is trying to scam anyone . 
  / u/televaag explains the system well . 
  except that hbo 's do n't call themselves `` university '' , they call them self `` university of applied science '' . 
  that 's a different name . 
  why call it `` university of . . '' ? 
  because the u.s.-dutch education system does n't translate 1:1 . 
  you ca n't call it college or something . 
  if you go to study at a school , you need to educate yourself on the diploma you 're going to get . 
  if you are unable to do that , i doubt there is even place for you on the lower mbo levels . 
  yes , it was totally the fault of the rider that the suv cut in front of him . 
  this is n't lane sharing , this is lane splitting . 
  lane sharing is driving with multiple vehicles next to each other in the same lane . 
  like you see sometimes in group riding . 
  they would be if it was legal . 
  i 'm not from the us , and over here people know it 's something that happens . 
  it was only when i got my own license that i learned that there are countries where it 's illegal . 
  almost every single traffic jam , someone will split between you . 
  25-30 is a completely reasonable age to get kids . 
  where are they lying ? 
  i do n't see his point at all . 
  that 's a weird thing to think . 
  since one aims at women and the other one at men . 
  for those wondering , the deleted comment said something about being stuck behind a car . 
  then he responded to / u/siimbachmann about it being dangerous to overtake a car on a road like this when there probably is a double yellow and when it 's so curvy that it needs a sign like this . 
  his deleted his response , but since no one replied to him you do n't see a '' [ deleted ] '' . 
  since that 's is very , very unlikely . 
  there is absolutely zero reason to assume that . 
  and then everything would be cool and you could make a picture like this ? 
  just the idea that that happened is stupid . 
  fun fact : frantokyo ( or how people call it ) will be released for other filmmakers to use . 
  de peugeot reclames . 
  james does n't have to know everyone .
