  looking at the moon and thinking `` someone is walking there ! '', 
  weird direction ? 
  it 's the most horrible movie i 've ever seen . 
  they just put everything under `` welp , science is so advanced it sometimes just * seems * like magic . '', 
  i do n't . 
  you would buy only 1 mortgage , how could they make that 1 good and 1 bad one ? 
  there are people who can do that for you . 
  where did he say anything about the society ? 
  he was the only reason i watched youtube . 
  it 's so funny to see those people not knowing how words work . 
  there is a sub for that . 
  something like / r/lifestats, 
  woohoo , new content !, 
  a x-post is when content of sub a gets posted in sub b , regardless of who the op is . 
  personally i 'm fine with rehosting on imgur , but at least post the direct link in the comments . 
  do you have any long-term friends ? 
  people you are still in contact with ? 
  how did it go ? 
  except she could n't ... 
  letting her be interviewed normally would mean that she would only be interviewed by men . 
  because transporting food to 1 city is the same as transporting an entire army through an entire country . 
  i 've never walked out of a movie . 
  but i did fell asleep during transformers 3 . 
  one moment they could n't get into the city , the next the credits started to roll . 
  what 's ( roughly ) your training schedule ? 
  i 've been looking into expanding my training but i 'm afraid i wo n't get enough rest . 
  flair up !, 
  you guys are always welcome back . 
  in other news , how did you get pacmen like that ? 
  i 've only seen him the other way around . 
  i assume you ca n't just call them and ask for a refurbished one ? 
  you only need 1 person to call 911 , not 50 . 
  with the same logic you also could say there should be a complete stop on alcohol sells . 
  this is n't a reason to make it 21 + , this is a reason to let people experiment for themself . 
  they could get up and leave . 
  you could call 911 , walk across the street with the other and wait there . 
  that 's not the same as unexpected . 
  still seems very funny . 
  thanks for sharing those sources . 
  and greece is just a bunch of sun , a lot of water , and swimming gear . 
  you can anything seem stupid when you put it like that . 
  i admit i wo n't see myself doing it 10 times , but it seems like a awesome experience . 
  yeah , having it on the front page will help !, 
  seems a pretty bad deal . 
  trying to start a company and being at the point of taking loans , but give it all up in a couple hours at most for just a regular job . 
  we should ignore them . 
  thank you . 
  would n't have thought about any of this . 
  i too , commit heavy battery when people bully me for my music . 
  i was literately still playing gt5 !, 
  dammit sony . 
  i have n't played it yet , but is n't that game hugely unbalanced faction wise ? 
  i read somewhere that + / - 40 % belongs to the republic , + / - 30 % to those tech/alien people and + / - 20 % to the democrats ? 
  i believe that nowadays most highways in europe are 130km/h . 
  edit :, 
  [ speedlimits ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e2/european_speed_limits.svg/600px-european_speed_limits.svg.png ) on highways in km/h, 
  i wonder how many people are actually pulled over for driving to fast . 
  i think that the most fines come from speed camera 's . 
  being pulled over for speeding seems to be a us thing ( i could be wrong ) . 
   netherlands ( amsterdam ) paying alcoholics with beer to clean up the streets ,, 
  this is factual wrong . 
  it 's an experiment done by a non-profit organizations that relies on donations where people can voluntary take part of . 
  there are only 10 people in the program at the moment . 
  speed camera 's do n't care how expensive of cheap the car is . 
  going for +2 laps . 
  it obviously should be max chilton . 
  i have sort of the same motivation . 
  i know that something can happen to me that would make me unable to use my body to it 's full potential ( paralyzed , losing limbs , ... ) . 
  i know that i will regret not using it while i was able to , that 's why i run/lift/ski . 
  now i feel dumb . 
  it is n't central park ? 
  and reset my snake high score ? 
  you monster . 
  he never said he wanted to , neither did he say he wants them to come over there . 
  what did you do ? 
  please , tell me how life was for blacks in the 20th century in the us and for muslims post-9 / 11 . 
  i 'm a university student who does a hse ( health , safety , environment ) study . 
  in the facebook group of the study we actually have people trying to spread pro-chemtrail bullshit and how we should discuss it in the study ... 
  but it 's fine now . 
  what if i need color ? 
  or create a situation where there seem to be 2 shooters . 
  seriously ? 
  even when it 's a repost ? 
  there are stations that play justin bieber songs ? 
  what has that to do with the post ? 
  that was before the nsa ordeal and still , it was the president doing an ama . 
  you could for example take horsemeatguide and create that into h0rs3m3atgu!d3 . 
  o = 0 , e = 3 and 1 = ! , still easy to remember . 
  not really . 
  people would just find an other building to jump off . 
  or seeing your great grand child say his first words . 
  or seeing him going to the first day of school . 
  you could go on for ever . 
  and none of us is qualified to say when john would have been happier . 
  i just use the gps on my phone to mark the location . 
  i 'm not poor you rich punk . 
  my employee threats me well and i can meet ends !, 
  that 's how you would n't want more money . 
  tipping is rude in some countries . 
  what about luggage when taking a connected flight ?
