  gon na save this for abu . 
  yes , morse . 
  i did the same thing . 
  what he means is that normally the early access price is 40usd , 22 % less then the game will be when he goes online finished . 
  and others . 
  there completely is . 
  he does have a point , he only brings it bad . 
  when you have to wait for a hour for the police to arrive ( this is common in the center and the south ) , i would agree with gun ownership . 
  however , nyc and places where the school shootings happened ai n't these places . 
  you could say that the picture from the us if you do n't know which city it is ... 
  it 's funny because they took the most dense countries in europe to compare . 
  do n't know why you 're down voted , you 're right . 
  the question was if these are 5 separate stories or 1 story spread out over 5 episodes . 
  exept it would n't as long as the teams listened . 
  let 's forget about the 8 + wars it took to finally liberate my country from the french/spanish oppression , only to have it be taken away by the nazi . 
  i do n't think anyone would do that anymore after silverstone . 
  4th place instead of 3th place is still way better then dnf . 
  then why would you do it now , if it is n't updated yet ? 
  45 would be pointing at your face . 
  look for yourself . 
  it 's confirmed many times over . 
  part of the entire problem is that they wanted you keep the deal on the table and release the jb as first . 
  what other source would you want ? 
  that they publish the contract online just to make you happy ? 
  i would say that the parties involved and those familiar with talks behind the screens in the scene are pretty good sources . 
  may i as what your job history is ? 
  how long did it take you ? 
  but they are the most famous , so it makes a lot of sense to use them as an example . 
  i would hope you could read the responses of the teams and the open letters/the comments of devs that are spread out here yourself . 
  just like they can use radar and communication channels . 
  to bad it makes your very poor . 
  me neither . 
  i 'm talking about the car packages . 
  i just started with iracing , and as far as i see i have to pay to do anything other then the mazda cup or that oval class . 
  that 's stupid . 
  just like not allowing france to say `` le '' , even thought that 's just their language . 
  what 's the beach photo ? 
  then you probably can hear it . 
  why is that a problem ? 
  how do you even now how they are going to make this work out ? 
  and it has everything . 
  chicanes , long straights , narrow and wider parts , s curves , etc. 
  there is a reason there is a hype . 
  because that guy is a cowboy who would save the day . 
  turning a robbery into a hostage situation with multiple death because he tried to save some cash and be a hero would n't be possible . 
  everything always works out like you think it will . 
  dang , europeans are truly casual racist !, 
  we would never hate gypsies . 
  what i do n't get is how they seem to believe there is capitalism , communism and socialism and there is no other idea or mix possible . 
  there seems to be no other possible way to rule then doing things strictly by the book . 
  there is only 1 true way of socialism/capitalism/communism . 
  * psst , css does n't work on mobile *, 
  yes , but you can disable it . 
  only thing that happens then is that you ca n't login into other ziggo hotspots . 
  i said how that could happen in the second sentence . 
  just read my comment a bit better . 
  how it should and probably will happen :, 
  robber comes in , points a gun at the clerk and just demands money . 
  clerks gives money and robber goes away . 
  money is gone , but everyone is save and the trauma would still be very treatable . 
  how it could happen if someone tries to save to `` save the day '' ( tries to be a hero ) :, 
  robber comes in , points a gun at the clerk and just demands money . 
  our self claimed hero comes in and points a gun at the robber , robber panics . 
  he just wanted some money and now he is under threat , things do n't go as planed . 
  robber fires gun in blind panic , shooting the gun , creating a much more dangerous situation . 
  if our hero does n't take him out and traumatizes everyone involved , the robber could shoot the hero and try to get a way . 
  or take people hostage . 
  a situation that could ended in less then a minute with everyone save turned into a situation that could drag one for multiple hours with multiple people dead and those still alive traumatized . 
  just because our hero tried to save some money . 
  i think that the tribute is way better then the actual documentary . 
  it was way to anti-prost/senna-is-god for me . 
  770usd ? 
  that 's how much it costs with inflation . 
  is it possible to only check every x minutes and if there is a notification check like it would normally for y minutes ? 
  or is there maybe an other app for that ? 
  i do n't have my iphone at the moment and am not that familiar with activator . 
  because he knew it was 19 potatoes , but said it were 27 . 
  you could just have said `` it was a while ago that i watched that episode , i missremembered the actual number '' and no one would be bothered that much by it . 
  [ video ] ( http://www.vkmag.com/magazine/ritmische_gymnastiek_chick_shin_soo_ji_gooit_indrukwekkende_first_pitch ) in hq , multiple angles and slowmo ( - ish ) . 
  do you use bandcamp ( since you said ` would use ' ) ? 
  it 's serious awesome . 
  i browse band camp and listen to what the people that bought the same album bought , etc. 
  i like to put a lot of them together . 
  godver tiefus tering kut klote gover de tering ofzoiets . 
  or everyone in the yt comments are just focking dom . 
  `` kanker leijer '' is the worst word in our language . 
  seriously , do n't use it lightly . 
  it 's meaned to insult people on a personal level . 
  it 's very frowned upon . 
  this road is featured in jarhead . 
  it 's a good movie . 
   enter puberty pretty darn fast, 
  that does n't make florida bigger . 
  texas is known for being huge . 
  this is a joke people , light up . 
  / r/progun should be considered cheating . 
  99 % in this subs seems to be against guns . 
  what about battery life ? 
  i ca n't imagine how that would be . 
  that seriously everyone watches the same thing in awn .
