  over 40 % of the criminals that are being evicted often are non-western inmigrant and 41 % is dutch . 
  and that while `` only '' 20 % of our population are non-western immigrants . 
  we have `` kinderrecht '' ( child justice ) for criminals that are under 18 . 
  however , when you are 16/17 the judge can decide that what you did was so horrible , that you get trialed with the `` volwassenrecht '' ( adult justice ) . 
  their names are known , but removed posts with their name or links to a source are removed . 
  3/14 where dutch , the rest where non-western immigrants . 
  most of them already are in the same place . 
  the spam filter is the true anarchist here . 
  way to advanced . 
  just ask the person at the checkout how long ( s ) he has to work , greet the person that you pass in the hallway in the gym , say in the morning when the train arives to the person next to you `` so , here we go again '' . 
  just very small things . 
  and work on it . 
  it 's not like turning an on/off switch on , it 's going to take a long time . 
  why would n't they even allow it ? 
  i ai n't able to write non-cursive . 
  i just tried and came with a mixture of non-cursive and cursive . 
  the rest of the north-western world seems to do it right , even though guns for self protection ai n't allowed . 
  there 's a lot more wrong with the us justice and social control system . 
  jeans create fake-boners . 
  so when you get a boner , it will be dismissed as fake-boner . 
  are you going to reprint some of the prints for christmas ? 
  i really would like to have the full season poster in a3 for christmas , but it is n't on your site anymore and it 's sold out on memento . 
  or being able to reprint them myself somehow ( shipping is a pain in the ass on memento , almost 19eur for a 18eur poster ) ? 
  alright , thanks for responding . 
  yesterday there was a post asking this , you should be able to find it . 
  the regular bottle taste fine , but the big ones taste terrible . 
  most of them just taste dead . 
  when i got a low grade , like the rest of the class because the stof was very hard : `` i do n't care what the others got !, 
  this is about you ! '', 
  when i do n't go to my grandfather that week because i ' b bussy : `` rachels kid went to his grandfather , even though he was bussy ... '', 
  when i got a low grade , like the rest of the class because the stof was very hard : `` i do n't care what the others got !, 
  this is about you ! '', 
  when i do n't go to my grandfather that week because i ' b bussy : `` rachels kid went to his grandfather , even though he was bussy ... '', 
  did it occur to you that , maybe , english is n't my primairy language and that `` stof '' would be , in my own language , a perfectly fitted word for that sentence ? 
  and none of these services are available to me . 
  i 'm from the netherlands . 
  but most of europe does n't have netflix or hulu , i thought only the uk and germany . 
  comes down to that he got anoying , people started mass downvoting him , he went mental , he got more downvoted , created a post stating he would leave . 
  there must be a post on it at / r/subredditdrama , ca n't give you a link right now because i 'm on my phone . 
  or sad , since it probable happens a lot more often and then the cop get away with it . 
  ho , my mistake . 
  pretty sure that quote came from airbus a380 and boeing 747 only referred to it . 
  i 'm shizly , added you . 
  it 's hard . 
  but 1/2gomad you would still get around 60g fat , 60g protein , 100 carbs and 1200kcal ( based on that post before ) . 
  around the 80 's these where disabled/removed because there was fear for terrorisme . 
  thank you for the information , eu it is . 
  so , you 're very dictated . 
  thanks for you info . 
  made my decision , eu it is . 
  going to buy a bigger harddrive in a few days and buying a psn card . 
  was just thinking the same . 
  really likes sales i guess, 
  it 's mentioned in the description it 's a tribute to yahtzee . 
  entire west-europe is doing pretty good . 
  especially the scandinavian countries . 
  and our second-biggest and fourth-biggest party ( the netherlands , the labour party and the socialist party ) are both socialist parties by european definition ( all our parties are socialistic by us standards ) and got 35 % of the votes . 
  i do n't . 
  just blasting in with guns is n't going to change anything if the large majority of the country does n't agree with the invaders or do n't care enough . 
  that would get you a irak 2.0 . 
  i would be really mad when the food serving was 20 % smaller . 
  i go to the restaurant for a nice evening out and want to eat what i want damned . 
  yeah , making your own food . 
  how childish . 
  when you do n't have the time to eat and live healthy , you 're priorities are wrong . 
  over here a decent mcdonald 's meal costs 5eur , what for a family of 4 would make 20eur . 
  you can buy 1kg of chicken for 2.50 , 2 liter milk for 1.50 and for 2.50 eur you have 400g of pea 's . 
  there , now you have a healthy meal for 6.50 eur . 
  less then 1/3 of the price that would cost you to go the mcdonald 's . 
  or support his opponents . 
  i do n't get it . 
  you do n't use guns to stop this kind of massacre , it just does n't happen . 
  and the rest of the world is doing fine without guns . 
  the only thing owning a gun does if givimg the bad guy a reason to get a even bigger gun . 
  ireland also has very different people than japan . 
  the human basics in criminology do n't change with distance . 
  in sweden the police do n't have guns . 
  crime rates are one of the lowest in the world . 
  you need good , pro-action and prevention . 
  repression alone wo n't cut it . 
  do n't you think that a lot of people in the same location with almost no way out and no police force located would make a better target ? 
  ooh wait , that 's what both those locations are . 
  culture does n't change how criminology works on a group . 
  the same theories apply . 
  there is a lot wrong with how the us system of justice/mental health works that drive crime rates up . 
  saying that how things work is a part of you 're culture wo n't drive the rates down , changing the system would . 
  and no software or tpb . 
  an that smartphone of yours ? 
  5eur piracy-tax please . 
  what you 're schedule look like ? 
  what time did you set ? 
  as a student that 's trying to get his bachelor in safety management ( translated term ) , i 've a lot of question for you . 
  currently i do n't have the time to ask then al , so i 'll get back to that . 
  but to start , can you show on of your publications ? 
  what have you researched ? 
  ( little late to the party ) what about if ? 
  did i miss something or is my memory just failing me ? 
  last time i checked we had a police force and tried to make sure people did n't commit crimes, 
  [ insert comment about porn loading as fast as you or something ], 
  i think you can take it to the death sentence .
