  j/k , you would be the lonely asshole . 
  * christmascarol *, 
  because it 's christmas and it still is an easy-to-use name . 
  imo the christmas carol is also the go-to christmas story that learns people about the `` true meaning '' of christmas . 
  something that lines up in a certain way with reddits efforts with secret santa . 
  that 's a good defence . 
  making such a comment at the adress of thoroughbread for something he has no influence on . 
  haynes , no question . 
  search for the haynes guide for your vehicle and buy it . 
  i have it for my gs500 and it is easily the best purchase i made for it . 
  it covers everything from model history to specs ( from how loose the chain needs to be to how tight every bold needs to be ) to service intervals . 
  it has everything you can possibly imagine . 
  checklists for problem solving , pre-ride check tips and of course a complete service manual . 
  does n't matter if you want to change oil or clean the carbs , the manual covers it . 
  i sell car parts for a living . 
  for a dealer , that seems like a pretty normal markup when no discount is provided . 
  even with the highest discount car parts sellers are unable to compete with online prices , since both have different market tactics . 
  your mother did n't got scammed , she did n't bought the best deal . 
  that are different thing . 
  what 's even the point of saying that ? 
  you do n't have 3 bucks to spare ? 
  i know that this exists in the netherlands and i thought that it was also international . 
  but i really ca n't remember/find the site name . 
  what ? 
  your comment makes no sense . 
  ign would be one of the sites rotten tomatoes would get a number from . 
  you 're asking ign to be something it is n't . 
  plus that multiple reviewers making a single article about a game looks really scripted , because it is . 
  if you want multiple people discussing the game , watch video reviews . 
  basic psychologist help is in the basic insurance package . 
  this is help from your gp with a ggz specialist . 
  i do n't know how far this is covered under basic insurance . 
  what 's covered and not completely depends on what problems you have , how sever they are and what help you need . 
  what makes you think op took the picture ? 
  / u/ovalninja posted it 6 months ago in / r/shitty _ car_mods . 
  and in the same section as waterbeds . 
  9gags business model is based on stealing content from reddit . 
  last year there was a huge post about it on / r/theoryofreddit or / r/askreddit with proof and everything . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  does n't matter . 
  do what feels more natural to you . 
  are we talking here about traffic going 30km/h or 130km/h ? 
  i know that in the netherlands lane splitting is allowed , but with a 10km/h difference during traffic jams . 
  it does seem quit pointless to filter when other cars are already doing the speed limit or are close to it . 
  what a low life do you need to be to make a response on a 12 day old comment , realise half a hour later that it was n't exactly how you wanted it , go back to the comment , replace your comment with this new one and post that . 
  you drive 240-360km / h on the highway when 130km/h allowed  ? 
  want ? 
  that he did n't just buy the cat on impulse , got bored and now only feeds it so it wo n't die . 
  no it is n't . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  it has a 7.8 on imdb and 76 % fresh rating . 
  no way it qualifies for what op is asking . 
  that is his point . 
  i 'm 99 % sure it does mean that . 
  i 've friends that emigrated to canada and they decided that one of them would keep his dutch nationality instead of changing it to canadian . 
  if they changed their nationality , their children would n't be able to accept the dutch nationality if they wanted . 
  how did he solve it ? 
  wat is de relevantie ? 
  blowing up buildings definitely induces fear . 
  stond in de [ user agreement ] ( https://www.reddit.com/help/useragreement?v=ac5e74ee-b28c-11e2-8119-12313b0d4e76 ) . 
  they would appear as european costumers in america . 
  you still log in with your european account . 
  the industry almost halved from roughly 1800 to 1000 , the export ( how the netherlands makes money ) was almost non-existent and during 1944 the occupation costed us almost 50 % of our gdp . 
  i would say that it are huge numbers . 
  no , he just used the articles title . 
  looks like foreflight . 
  this is just not true . 
  it has always been a discussion on moscow belonging to europe or an other continent . 
  you say it like / r/europe just decided that , while it is n't even currently being discussed . 
  you pretend that a lot of people of a specific group support your view , while it even is n't discussed in the group . 
  being european does n't make you an expert in geography . 
  you will have a disadvantage compared to one that does speak dutch . 
  disadvantage is not the same as not possible  . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvkshylyi1k ), 
  i have to say that the british never were mentioned in such a way during history lessons in my experience . 
  they never were mentioned at all pre-war . 
  it 's most definitely that the french and spanish occupation that is reached and the approach on this is neutral . 
  i have to say that the british never were mentioned in such a way during history lessons in my experience . 
  they never were mentioned at all pre-war . 
  it 's most definitely that the french and spanish occupation that is reached and the approach on this is neutral . 
  what 's the source on this then ? 
  thank you . 
  want ? 
  we zijn in nederland , niet de uk . 
  i 'm old enough to have finished school . 
  no , i read it . 
  i replied to his comment . 
  brittain does not hold an important place in dutch education . 
  is een bekende fabel, 
  my mistake , i misread it . 
  i thought that he talked about pre - ( world ) war ( 2 ) history lessons now . 
  that the british wars ai n't teached as that important evens in the netherlands . 
  the 16th-19th century focus is mostly on the spanish and france influences . 
  i misread op 's comment . 
  so it 's not true in the highest level of high school education that 's 2 years longer then the lower high school program that most people follow ? 
  would be a sad state of it was n't covered in vwo history . 
  can hardly call that representative for the country . 
  i know . 
  i already told that i misread ops comment . 
  what 's your point ?
