  the sheep picture was difficult to get right , it did n't really occur to me to manually change the metering dot . 
  i 'll look up how to work with that better . 
  how would that count ? 
  and even that comment is from 8 months ago and not that highly upvoted . 
  edit :, 
  while i do like the lyrics function , i would n't call it a basic function of a streaming service . 
  who in his right mind would do that though ? 
  if you really care that much , let a local player that you trust keep the streak going . 
  this is n't even close to the truth . 
  there ai n't portals everywhere . 
  it does n't affect the gameplay for any other user , as opposed to multi-accounts and spoofing . 
  using iitc is also against the tos , why is n't that in your do n't make any difference between forms of cheating ? 
  want 1200 < 1900 , dus dat gat moet al met ander geld worden gedicht . 
  football is n't taught at school . 
  in both elementary school and highschool you get p.e. , but you do n't learn actual sports . 
  rugby and cricket are almost non-existant in the netherlands . 
  never heard about that for a train . 
  ca n't really imagine that either , since most times it takes 30 seconds to start moving again . 
  we do n't have trains that are a mile long and drive only 10 mi/h . 
  you are not allowed buy alcohol or to have alcohol in a public setting . 
  and a pub is a public setting . 
  it 's a pretty common questioned that has been asked before ( though i 've to admit that those are in dutch ) and probably is easy to google . 
  * neergehispanjoled, 
  what is the point of knowing those details of someone as an average joe ? 
  the point of car registration is for the police , government instances related to car-ownership and possibly for insurance companies . 
  link to post : [ click ] ( http://chibird.com/post/155459465019/be-kind-to-yourselves-everyone ), 
  to buy a protection filter or not to ? 
  i 've made a small beginner mistake . 
  i thought that both my 18-55mm and 55-200mm lens were 52 , but it turns out that only my 55-200mm is . 
  i discovered that only after buying a 52mm polarisation filter . 
  since i wanted one mainly for the 18-55mm , i bough one the correct size and now i 've 2 polarisation filters . 
  i ca n't say i 'm really looking forward to buying 2 protection filters ... 
  google adsense is echt heel tactisch . 
  ben er superblij mee . 
  it 's a problem with samsung phones . 
  use game tuner to set games to the ` balanced quality ' , that will solve it . 
  are we reading the same article ? 
  i do n't see him mentioning adds for a message service . 
  he gives businesses creating bots with whom you can interact as an example that creates revenue . 
  linking business and consumer is n't the same as simply showing adds . 
  from a story perspective i saw it as enl wanting to be submissive to a ruler and res taking things much more slowly and wanting to keep humans in charge of humans . 
  but i choose res because a friend of my had told me a couple months earlier that she was res . 
  so now we can play together . 
  do you have a rough estimate about the costs when excluding the tour and the flights ? 
  they 're just as much part of the eu as they were 10 years ago . 
  nothing official has changed after the referendum . 
  spoiler :, 
  as far as i remember the last election , it ended up being a race between the vvd being slightly bigger then the pvda or the pvda being slightly bigger then the vvd . 
  this probably caused a massive wave of voters switching from their original party to either the pvda or vvd . 
  where did you stay on the perhenthian ? 
  i 'm starting to planning a trip to malaysia and i 'm not really able to find affordable accommodation on the perhenthian . 
  en meeste pijn is nou wel over . 
  the problem is that image-post gain much more upvotes , since the content is much easier to consume then a textpost . 
  image posts will always be more upvoted , that 's just reddits nature . 
  dusssss, 
  a lof of the textposts that were posted were pretty low quality and would propably still be posted when linkposts were still possible . 
  i do n't think text-post only would make this sub better , instead i would leave since the amount of content was basically cut in halve and the halve that stayed was n't that good . 
  do you have any other source for that then you and your wife ? 
  it 's the first time i hear about your level making a difference in how much payout you get . 
  why use both the grid and agent stats ? 
  is n't agent stats alone enough ? 
  * cda, 
  dan houd je over de pvdd . 
  en anders zeg je ` born in amstelveen , south of amsterdam . 
  but i was raised in amsterdam '' . 
  iron maiden also is n't the kind of band i would expect on classic rock stations . 
  they 're still one of the biggest bands that have ever existed though and have a huge influence in metal and rock music . 
  arcade fire , kings of leon , imagine dragons , radiohead , linkin park , system of a down , royal blood , foo fighters , alt-j , dropkick murphys , the lumineers en blink-182 . 
  is per dag net zo duur als een graspop , pinkpop , lowlands of rock am ring , maar is een volle dag langer . 
  not a race - or seasonreview , but [ poetry in motion ] ( http://www.skysports.com/watch/video/sports/f1/8282518/poetry-in-motion ) always does it for me . 
  fixed . 
  this is hilariously wrong . 
  i think this is a fad for a couple days . 
  i just scrolled trough the last 5 days of this sub and only see 4 helmet design posts , 1 of them being a link to a post on / r/f1art . 
  it 's not nearly common enough to make a megatread and there already is one in / r/f1art . 
  mention / r/f1art , but do n't remove the posts yet . 
  if they keep coming or are posted as a joke ( lol , look at my shitty drawing !, 
  i 'm so random and bad at paint !, 
  ) , remove them . 
   a life full of regret, 
  over not asking out a bartender ? 
  i 'd say that be a bit hardcore . 
  the only way to really defend is recharging , which takes xm , which takes powecubes . 
  which is exactly the point the other user is talking about . 
  adding mods is only possible when you 're in range of the portal , which is unlikely . 
  i would n't call rebuilding portals and fields you lost defending , it 's attacking . 
  i honestly do n't know there discography well enough to make a big selection . 
  i 'd say play with madness would fit . 
  possibly also hallowed by thy name and fear of the dark . 
  could you give some numbers you 're working with ? 
  which distance are you on , what weights and how are you progressing ? 
  check anders / r/solotravel . 
  f1 fanatic has a [ list ] ( http://www.f1fanatic.co.uk/f1-information/reviews/books/ ) with all the books they have reviewed . 
  that should be a good starting point . 
  was also wondering this . 
  but in the topleft of the subreddit there is a link to the discord channel of this sub . 
  is this in the app or on the pc ? 
  in the app you can remove all the local files under ` settings ' . 
   _ elbee _ pago treanth 9 minutes ago, 
   fri feb 12:34:54 gmt +0100,
