  note that i 've changed from a hd7950 to a gtx760 . 
  i just looked up the current price of a m4 for me , that was 170eur . 
  i did n't realize that 250 ( + ) gb ssd broke the 150eur threshold , so that 's going to give me some new insight . 
  any thoughts on the plextor px-256m5s 256gb ? 
  i would cost me around the 145e and the performances seem really good . 
  south park pulls it off ? 
  i would say that south park failed the most . 
  it was good until s12 , where there where some lesser episodes . 
  it died for me in s13 . 
  one of the biggest reasons for me was that they kept using current events . 
  before s13 that also happened , but now it 's almost solely based on current events , killing the rewatchability . 
  the second reason being modernizing the style of sp to much . 
  and would traumatize dozens of people . 
  alright , i 'm going to look into them . 
  thanks for the tips . 
  '' a skyscraper in a densely populated area '', 
  it 's not like you would n't see it if you were n't really watching for it . 
  to which gym did you go ? 
  it seems to be a problem in most dutch gym i 've seen . 
  or the gym is very expensive and only has a couple of racks ( and tries to make up with 30 forms of grouplessons and loads of cardiomachines ) , or it is a cheap ( er ) gym with only a couple lifefitness racks that are in use all the time every time . 
  i said dozenssss ( note the s ) . 
  any tips where to start ? 
  i 'm dreaming about it for years , but i think that it 's to hard or will be really expensive ( plus that i think i will loose intrest very fast ) . 
  let 's do some math :, 
  bill gates has ( according to forbes ) 67.000.000.000 usd ( let 's call that number bgf ) . 
  the voyagers are ( almost ) 19.000.000.000 miles away , which is 30.577.536.000 km ( let 's call this vd ) . 
  a 1 dollar bill has a width of 155.956 mm ( according to wikipedia ) , which is 0,000155956 km per bill ( let 's call this dbw ) . 
  if bill gates would pay out his fortune in 1 dollar bills at put them after each other into space ( he 's using space glue ) , he would have bgf * dbw = 10.449.052 km ( around 10,5 million kilometer/6 .492.740 mi ) . 
  that 's only 10.449.052 / vd * 100 = 0,03 % !!, 
  now it seems not so much , that 10,449 million km ? 
  that distance would take you 261 times around the earth , or 2,4 times around the sun , or you could go to the moon and back 14 times . 
  however , the distance between us and the voyager could take you 763.007 times the earth , or 7002 times around the sun , or you could go the the moon and back 79.564 times . 
  is n't math fun ? 
  thank you . 
  light sources are a serious problem , i live in one of the most light polluted areas but i 'm going to look around a bit . 
  he only lost the logical part of the brain . 
  kids do n't need to be locked up with that when they have creativity #specialsnowflake . 
  pls, 
  shitting can hurt to , but would n't call 911 for that . 
  in a worst case scenerio calling the doctor would be enough . 
  be there for the child ? 
  i assume she was also on the ride . 
  unlike the ones you pay for now . 
  it 's symbolic . 
  the dutch where a great help in rounding up the jews , so it takes an important part in our monuments . 
  ( note , i 'm from the netherlands , assuming you mean defending ourself against an invasion ) . 
  yes . 
  without skipping a beat . 
  i believe in my country and the people that live in it , even though we have some issues to work out . 
  it 's where i live , where i 'm raised , where everyone i 've ever loved lives . 
  there is no other country i want to be ruled by . 
  our country was constant under threat and it took us already about 8 wars to be free ( + / - 7 to gain the level of independence we had before wwii + the second world war ) . 
  i 've learned how wwii almost killed our country . 
  i heard stories from family and people close to me how it was to have your freedom taken away and be scared every single day . 
  how it is to have you city bombed and see how the horizon is on fire . 
  how it is to see friends be shot , just for being in a field after dark . 
  how it is to live in fear . 
  and how it is to sit in the water tower and cheer when the canadian army marched into the town you live in , knowing you are liberated . 
  never again . 
  if the netherlands ever becomes subject of an invasion , i would be glad to offer my life to stop it . 
  `` no snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible '' . 
  this works both ways . 
  to stop an invasion in your country , you need tens of thousands of snowflakes . 
  i would be only one snowflake , but hopefully i would be one out of tens of thousands . 
  i 'd rather die then just watch how not only my own , but how my countries freedom is taken away . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the threat would end pretty fast if you do n't do more `` innocent '' companies . 
  well , it 's only monday . 
  it 's op falt for saying `` unknown programs '' . 
  he narrowed it down way to much . 
  a of the programs list here are usefull , them being non - / mainstream should be irrelevant for the question . 
  plug for / r/listentothis and / r/listentous . 
  for more specific content you could just use the genre-sub . 
  the only problem i 've is that ltt and ltu are for more obscure music , making me miss out on mainstream music . 
  and use reddit playlister , it 's awesome . 
  i upvoted you ... 
  how is it in the first cm f1 game ( 2010 ? ) ? 
  i know that in the older cod games only the ` true ' fans and good players stayed , wonder if it would be the same with the f1 games . 
  asking as some who played aroud a bit with ksp a couple months ago and is waiting on his new pc to start again , is this now possible without using mods or did you have to use mods ? 
  i remember when it came it out it was the most beautiful thing ever . 
  but it was japan only , so i lost interest in it . 
  you can own guns in most european countries , but the laws are a lot stricter . 
  i was referring to the parts used in ksp . 
  thanks for the info . 
  as 2/3 persons , i do n't know were you talking about . 
  aoii ? 
  a what ? 
  is that are college group or something like that ? 
  well , you should n't need them . 
  there must be more where that came from . 
  ooh god , that sunburn . 
  but , how ? 
  it 's not different than just not having kids . 
  i really hope you never have to expierence a friend close to you having a depression . 
  it 's just a really difficult situation where it 's so hard to stay friends . 
  can confirm . 
  would n't have freedom of speech if the us lost the vietnam and korean war . 
  that 's just not true . 
  it was huge in the complete western world . 
  it changed our views on safety , regulations and dragged us in wars far from home .
