  do n't pretend you 're a saint and that everyone should give everything to the poor . 
  so that it 's stored underground and does n't need parkingspace . 
  yes they do . 
  there ai n't enough poles or fences for [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/krxnq9x.jpg ) many bikes . 
  it was obviously km . 
  you should get checked if you think that this chain ran 29 million miles . 
  or if any motorcycle has that many miles . 
  `` multiple cures for the forms of cancer that makes people suffer the most and is the most common '' is a lot longer then just `` a cure for cancer '' . 
  imperial or us gallon ? 
  if us gallon it would be almost as expensive as the netherlands , but i thought that the difference was bigger . 
  that would be a 20 minute walk before you 're back home . 
  with the car it would only take 5 minutes . 
  i think it 's completely reasonable to safe the 15 minutes . 
  you do know about the economic crisis ? 
  i would say any increase would be considered good over here . 
  ca n't speak for whole europe , but that cheese does exist in the netherlands , belgium and germany and is very widely known and eaten by children . 
  nowadays this is not common at all . 
  this is far beyond what we saw the last 8 years . 
  of 's, 
  and 90 % less cgi characters and characters that did n't have any role in the books . 
  why would you short a youtube url ? 
  them you have to go to the bottom of the comments here , they 're ridicules . 
  it 's an european guideline . 
  agree . 
  the other kingsman roxy was with ( forgot his name ) also seemed like a great , so i do n't see the need to bring him back in some weird way either . 
  are you joking or something ? 
  this is the second week that kingsman is second in the top-box office , behind 50 shades , and has over a 8 on imdb and 75 % on rt. 
  no , it 's the sound of how the `` funny situation '' would be solved in the real world . 
  jup , i meant merlin . 
  why did n't the video end with `` then i took the video evidence to the police and pressed charges for attempted destruction of property '' ? 
  according to wikipedia , he 's talking about the 2001 version . 
  1997-2009 is 34kw . 
  yes , since being restricted for 2 years ( or until you 're 24 ) is the worst thing ever . 
  plus that , adjusted for the how many bikes are registered , motorcycle fatalities are more then twice that common in the us then in the uk . 
  you have the same laws in portugal . 
  everyone in europe has the same laws . 
  the differences are minimal . 
  every eu country has the european drivers license . 
  the license has almost the same requirements everywhere . 
  alright , fair point . 
  but the motorcycle licenses in the uk works for 99 % the same . 
  portugal is the weird one allowing 25 + y.o. 
  on 125cc 's when having a b license  . 
  tell that to south vietnam . 
  dit is geen discriminatie . 
  they had something related with chile every episode . 
  edit :, 
  is a disgusting sub . 
  yes , that 's what he 's sayin . 
  people just do n't like to hear the have fucked up morals . 
  tip : if your best argument is `` but animals also do it !, 
  '' , it 's a shitty thing to do . 
  what has that to do with it ? 
  it 's as a backup for when your phone does n't work for some reason of when you forgot it . 
  people should buy this !, 
  you can not use a hammer when submerged , which is when you 're most likely to need it . 
  he just said that he does n't agree with everything peta does . 
  is it really that hard to read ? 
  where do you see that they do n't think that ? 
  he does n't hate reddit . 
  he does n't give a shit about us . 
  people thinking that he hates reddit are trying to make reddit seem more important then it is . 
  jeremy did n't even comment on the pictures/comments , let alone said that he hated reddit . 
  it seems to be 4 ladders . 
  do you have a link ? 
  it seems absolutely impossible to find anything like that . 
  even though a lot of people ( well , everyone here ) say that there is n't a shortage , there have been years that we had to be careful . 
  domnestic use is n't a problem , but for the farmers there have been shortages and there are experiments going on to combat it . 
  it is by definition theft . 
  taking someone 's else 's property and keeping it is theft . 
  it 's not possible to have an opinion about that . 
  where do you live ? 
  anywhere were people live cops should be a gun on someone when they started a chase that only ended after they crashed . 
  there is no reason to believe that someone who thinks that trying to evade the police is worth going in a car chase with them would n't be a serious criminal who is possibly armed . 
  then at least say how it should be done . 
  no , it 's not . 
  society gets effected when your skull gets crushed between your motorcycle and a car . 
  if you think it only effects you you 're an egoistic piece of shit . 
  it 's dumb that helmets are mandatory almost everywhere , but the u.s. once again decides to be the special kid . 
  you wo n't die as easily in a car . 
  stop changing what people say for your own gains . 
  you sound stupid . 
  yet they do n't have to tell it their family , clean their mess , do their own investigation afterwards , have to deal with passersby who saw a head splashed against a wall and all the other things that come with dying . 
  it is in this case . 
  there is a way . 
  do n't give away your bank code . 
  why would the bank pay for you being stupid ? 
  if you really did n't order anything it 's identity theft and you should file a police report . 
  you 're story is really vague . 
  why would you have an automatic incasso for a product ? 
  just tell the actual story so you can get actual help . 
  you do n't have an automatic incasso . 
  if it was an automatic incasso it 's an constant returning payment and can be booked back . 
  it was either not an automatic incasso ( as the the other commenter suggested , and ideal payment ) or he 's doing something else wrong . 
  they do . 
  otherwise it would be an `` eenmalige machtiging '' , which is something different . 
  would it also remove compound or does compound work differently ? 
  and here i am , paying 27usd for a 3 pack . 
  thanks for making me feel sad . 
  what did your lawyer say ?
