  too often bad music ( shrill singing , background instruments not in tune with the song or to loud/soft , ... ) gets posted or even gets in the monthly top 50 . 
  and then you 've the problem that certain genres gets way overrepresented in the best of charts . 
  now there are talks about addressing this issues , but why would n't that be done before becoming a default ? 
  as he said , other countries do show `` falklands ( ... '' . 
  argentina is the only one that does n't even have the falklands name . 
  it 's either remia or calve . 
  other brands would be the stores house brand or zaanse ( not that popular , tasty but expensive ) . 
  we always recommend www.heimweewinkel.nl to the dutch people abroad . 
  an english site would be www.hollandforyou.com . 
  ca n't comment on if you had fritesaus or mayonnaise . 
  it both seems equal popular . 
  personally i choose fritesaus before mayo . 
  nope , not a change . 
  it 's not that we do n't like them . 
  it 's just `` righhhtt , that country also exists . . '', 
  like that cousin that you always hang out with on family occasions since you kinda get along , but never make plans afterwards . 
  i also highly doubt he did it . 
  you can easily wash your hair without shampoo a couple times and some people advocate not using shampoo more then every other day . 
  since you remove all the fat from your hair , your hair would start making to much fat to compensate for it . 
  the only sad thing about this is that this post got more then 1 upvote . 
  i know what i 'm going to buy next time at the ah . 
  donald duck  mickey mouse . 
  it 's not that good . 
  it completely isolates game journalism to reviewing , which is only a small part of the industry . 
  news around games and development are equal if not larger news stories . 
  except that you do get blinded at day thanks to high beam . 
  you 're blinding me when you do that and i 'm unable to see anything , including you . 
  i 'll take `` rules that no one complies to or is n't enforced '' for 500 dollar , john !, 
  in / r/motorcycle it was theorised that he broke his neck , looking at the angle the camera stands . 
  do you work with other centres who do the same thing in the states ? 
  or are you guys unique in this ? 
  i 'm not familiar with how the guidance dog system works in the us at all . 
  in the netherlands we basically have a national guidance dog non-profit ( kngf , royal dutch guidance dogs funds ) . 
  since last year experiments started with providing dogs to parents with handicapped children and to uniformed personal ( military , police , etc ) suffering from ptst . 
  link to their uniformed personal add : http://youtu.be/8rejrmpuuy0, 
  text says :, 
  `` we not only help people who ca n't see . . we also help people who saw to much . '', 
  / r/creepshots and his clones also got banned in late 2012 , so that 's not completely true . 
  did they actually read the blog ? 
  they got a legal complain . 
  i 'm sure that argument would stand if they got sued , especially if the content is in a very specific location . 
  how many torrent again ? 
  most links are to youtube . 
  you just make it seem that you did n't even look at just assumed it was the case . 
  someone should do a dataisbeutiful about who were top commenters in the anti-posts are compared with this post . 
  and which subs this the users here mostly visit . 
  it is . 
  he only has 43 podium finishes . 
  that 's less then half of the races with ferrari . 
  compensated that with their food choices . 
  let 's talk about mag 's penalty . 
  it was completely justified . 
  he gained a position by doing that and did n't gave it back . 
  and then he switched to italian . 
  went very silent after that, 
  by that argument 20 drivers would have the mental edge over rosberg . 
  had nothing to do with the incident . 
  in italy they always boo some of the drivers . 
  vettel also got boo 'd every time he was in the podium . 
  it seems to be more an anti-wcc-leader-that-isn ` t-ferrari then an anti- [ driver ] chant . 
  kvyat also went straight . 
  as they said that got a legal complainant . 
  they did n't get one for those subs you think are worse . 
  it that really so hard to understand ? 
  it 's that time of the week again ? 
  you 're not the first and certainly not the last doing that . 
  it is n't that reddit is some sort of secret place where the top gear pr team does n't know about . 
  so you did n't watch since 4 years or something ? 
  lets look at the links . 
  the first link is from the open university , second from ny times , third a bbc documentary , for the fourth i would agree , fifth is from pbs , 6th is from the creators yt page , 7th is from the creators yt page , 8th i would agree , 9th is from the creators yt page , 10th is a trailer from a distributor . 
  so out of these 10 , only 2 are actually pirated content . 
  to bad you did n't even bother to see if your statement is remotely true . 
  if you look at the top 10 documentaries posted , you 'll see it 's roughly the same situation . 
  and it still does n't change anything about reddit not receiving a dmca request for the removal of the subs content . 
  a very small part of it is . 
  and the part that is pirated is often on other sites then youtube . 
  but i see you already went from `` only '' to `` mostly '' , so you 're getting there . 
  thank you for your kind words . 
  random ones do n't count . 
  problem solved !, 
  wec 's popularity is exploding . 
  you should definitely ( partly ) watch it . 
  how do you know that ? 
  i 've read a lot about the volkel situation and if even 1/10th of it would be true , it would still be conflicting with each other . 
  there is a lot of fiction an theories out there and little facts . 
  varying from the bombs being transported weekly to the us to soldiers at the bunker ordered to shoot any ( military ) personal getting to close to specific information on in which bunkers they are on which location . 
  it was a joke . 
  `` haastrecht '' means `` almost straight '' and `` helemaalrecht '' mean `` completely straight '' . 
   keep a gas station from being robbed , or you getting your motorcycle stolen at gun point '', 
  totally worth risking your life and those around you over a couple hundred bucks and a insurance call . 
  it 's not like they already would have you license plate from you entering the garage . 
  no robber has the intention to turn a robbery in a murder . 
  give the money and let the police and insurance company handle the aftermath . 
  if you believe you 're de-escalating the situation by pulling your gun , you 're a dangerous person . 
  you only bring yourself and those around you in more danger then you already was . 
  in the wtf post she was posted with the nipples photoshopped out . 
  this is from the comment calling op out . 
  i think you mean / r/gaming4gamers, 
  except that 's exactly what already happened a couple times . 
  reddit pm 's were used for spreading child porn .
