  but thanks for the advice , you really are a helpful person . 
  where did i do that ? 
  it would be really weird thing to say , since the blockade got lifted more then a year ago . 
  so did you go a year of my post history or something just to find something ? 
  edit :, 
  [ here ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007926295/games/ ) , proof that i have the game . 
  you can see that i played for 46 hours , after which i bought the dlc . 
  after that i was unable to play the game . 
  no worries about it , i understand that you would be cautious about pirating with such a small developer . 
  i was unable to go to the hoi3 forum . 
  i could see the frontpage , but not create threads or use the search function . 
  it turned out that somehow chrome was the problem . 
  when i run chrome in private mode i 'm able to use the forum , so i 'll work from that . 
  sadly , the hotfix does n't seem to work . 
  so i 'll keep on looking . 
  thanks for the thought , but sadly it did n't work . 
  do you have a source for the over 100 nummer ? 
  a couple days ago there was a discussion here about it and someone from then said that they used 80 engines/year , which already seemed quite high . 
  if there were 20 races and they used a different engine for testing , qualifying and racing they would still only use 60 engines . 
  which is significantly less . 
  ... ca n't believe i missed that . 
  edit :, 
  awesome !, 
  zie [ hier ] ( https://stop-ttip.org/about-the-eci-campaign/ ) uitleg op hun site . 
  what ? 
  even those parts are flat as fuck . 
  look at this european map with elevations :, 
  we are not only almost completely green , we are completely the same color green . 
  which documentary ? 
  ever thought about that being lost in translation ? 
  even if it is what he said , it 's just silly to start nitpicking like that . 
  er is een noodalarm ! '' . 
  of demonstreren gewoon op z 'n frans . 
  no it was n't . 
  the fp was also filled with photos like this after the race . 
  dutch here . 
  absolutely nothing , not of any importance to us . 
  same goes for the war for independence . 
  we have our own wars and conflicts . 
  no shit . 
  it probably will , since piss is just an acid . 
  how did we get from stealing a couple hundred bucks of goods to rape ? 
  those are completely different crimes . 
  fuck , what a shitty responses . 
  at least pretend you want to tell the synopsis and explain why you think that your movie represents the era well . 
  that 's not what you said . 
  you specifically said `` stop them raping your sister '' . 
  there is absolutely no reason to assume that someone who steals goods will suddenly start raping people . 
  well , that 's what you get when you make it possible to vote for more then 2 parties , 
  how else should we let you guys now that we are better ? 
  argument . 
  want echt dit is per definitie geen spel !!!, 
  brrrr . 
  i do n't see why it would be classified as a motorcycle anyway . 
  it 's simply a trike . 
   reddiquette , zonder de t , en er is niets aan de hand want je bent in principe vrij te up - en downvoten wat je wil , zolang je reddiquette niet schaadt of aan vote-manipulatie doet . 
   downvote an otherwise acceptable post because you do n't personally like it . 
  think before you downvote and take a moment to ensure you 're downvoting someone because they are not contributing to the community dialogue or discussion . 
  if you simply take a moment to stop , think and examine your reasons for downvoting , rather than doing so out of an emotional reaction , you will ensure that your downvotes are given for good reasons . 
  huh ? 
  that seems weird to me . 
  i would n't even really classify that as a trike , but as a car . 
  you sure are interested in peoples dinnerplans around the world, 
  dat is geen alarmering , dat is een vermoede dat er wat is . 
  we do n't know how long traffic is at a stand still , it could have been less then a second . 
  we see that he white car that the motorcyclist hits starts to turn to for right to make way for crossing traffic . 
  owh , you saw what happened before the light turned green ? 
  where 's that video ? 
  since we saw different footage ... 
  the situation we see could occur in seconds . 
  the white car was trying to solve it by clearing the intersection . 
  we see that the white car starts making a right turn . 
  if the motorcyclist waited a couple seconds the intersection crossing would have been clear for him . 
  where ever you live that situation happens . 
  those other cars do n't matter , he did n't hit them . 
  it is about the white car . 
  the car tried to clear the intersection , yet the motorcyclist made the decision to blast pass him . 
  i do n't even see why he would come from / r/all , since f1 is mostly popular in europe . 
  because the entire line could 've be driving at a normal speed and came to a sudden stop . 
  that the red car started crawling forward and the white car wanted to clear the intersection makes me believe that it was a very sudden development . 
  as you see around 20 seconds in , the entire line starts moving again . 
  it seems that there was a sudden disruption at the front . 
  or he was n't able to do that , which would be the case in a sudden stop . 
  we did n't see what happened before . 
  what ? 
  no it is n't . 
  it is only mandatory in like 8 countries , almost all of them being in middle/eastern-europe . 
  how would that have changed anything ? 
  there actually was already a mirage fighterjet onroute to check out the plane before the crash happened . 
  that 's really , really fast . 
  it would only be 5 minutes when they manually locked the door . 
  it would seem like a huge coincidende that the pilots came in a situation that required to lock the door , became unconscious , came in the situation that it 's safe or absolutely necessary to open the door door immediately ( so not on ap still cruising around , while hijackers are trying to break in ) . 
  and that in the span of 5 minutes . 
  i 'm more worried about the 30 second entrance wait when the door is n't manually locked . 
  what ? 
  no they do n't ? 
  discrimination on anything ( medical history , age , smoking habit ) is n't allowed and as far as i just checked it does n't happen . 
  and they ai n't `` paying 150 a month to hear this kind of bullsh * t ? ' . 
  they could pay 80 a month to hear it . 
  additional services do n't change anything about the gp visit .
