  it 's like me telling about once i was in a bar and a priest , jew and a bear walked in . 
  it 's just not true . 
  say that `` a priest , a jew and a bear walking into a bar '' . 
  the first is showing how awesome and diverse my life is , the second is telling a joke . 
  i think he means the car handling . 
  things like `` owh , he went a bit width there so that means x '' . 
  or that 's what i was thinking . 
  not when 9th place in the constructor championship gives a couple million dollar more price money than 10th place . 
  yes . 
  i do n't know about the us , but we 're legally required to carry identification , so i already always carry my id . 
  on a run i carry my id , donor card and medical insurance card and my house key in the backpocked that has a zipper . 
  you will not notice that when running . 
  if you want something like this , buy a dogtag . 
  they 're cheaper and ( imo ) look nice . 
  mormons do . 
  there was a report over it in rtl nieuws a couple months/years back . 
  we should not lower ourself to teeist standards . 
  and how us love to hate on military providing police support , but now they are a godsend . 
  to be fair , it has very low karma . 
  you could write it on a paper and set it on fire . 
  til i do n't know shit about hp . 
  who is that weasley cousin everyone talks about ? 
  i thought he eat her . 
  that would be 1 billion dollar please . 
  repost do n't happen here . 
  it just happens again . 
  admit it . 
  it was a little funny . 
  well , could you ? 
  such a master troll . 
  10 bucks that the guy is from 1992 . 
  people saying they cut when they do n't or because they think it 's cool also can have mental health issues . 
  self harming or pretending to is n't limited to sadness/depression . 
  til for profit = bad music and non-profit = good music . 
  period . 
  i think that most countries have both . 
  i though that we was going to tell a joke ... 
  yes . 
  you do n't to have make 8 spins , collide with 5 other drivers and go frontal with 200km/h in a wall to die . 
  look at le mans 2012 , where a driver died in a accident that did n't seem to bad . 
  and we always will have freak accidents , like massa in 2009 . 
  it 's a wonder that he did n't die that day . 
  no amount of safety features will help you against incidents like that . 
  the last time this was posted was yesterday . 
  it 's literally on the second page . 
  that 's the one . 
  just compare [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzgwssgrui8 ) crash with [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvayzesait0 ) crash a year earlier . 
  the first one was fatal , while in the second one the toyota driver `` only '' had a broken back . 
  it 's more weird to me that they actually bust parties . 
  or that there is a drinking restriction , not a buying restriction . 
  i like this idea . 
  i 'm unable use dwolla and do n't have a cc , so i donated to sho ( the partnership between our charities ) . 
  it 's 10eur/13 ,5 usd . 
  to me it was way to pro-senna/anti-prost . 
  they made a very complex situation look like `` here we have a good guy , and a bad guy '' . 
  the top gear special about senna , which was a preview on this documentary , gave me a much better view about why people loved senna so much than this documentary . 
  a ( in my opinion ) truly good documentary about f1 would be `` grand prix : the killer years '' , about the many death that f1 knows . 
  what about massa vs hamilton , 2008 ? 
  strange , you would think that axe murdering is a very profitable business . 
  i thought that you meant that it was low from germany to go into france through the side ( belgium instead of directly ) . 
  i think that 's what actually happened . 
  i 've never heard of or seen a dutch one . 
  plus that i do n't think that it 's legal to do nudes under 18 . 
  do you have any source or something ? 
  i just do n't get the argument that different countries have different needs when talking about fighting crime . 
  do n't those people have any sense of basic criminology or psychology ? 
  he had the same discussion with other europeans !, 
  he clearly knows were he 's talking abou . 
  most ( or all ) tracks have their own volunteer marshalls . 
  a video that those 2 created in which they show how they kill a homeless man with a hammer . 
  so , suicide ? 
  depends on how much pressure there is being put on you . 
  ca n't say that hamilton was in cruise mode when he said that . 
  it where mostly sutils and alonso 's girlfriends . 
  you wo n't hear me complain when a race is such uneventful . 
  i like them , but that 's it . 
  that does n't explain this at all . 
  they would delay the entire feed 2 seconds , not just the audio . 
  dictionaries do n't invent words , they register the definitions of words . 
  we do n't really have any extra taxes on automatics . 
  learning in a automatic instead of a manual is just giving yourself a handicap that does n't help you in any way . 
  all fully electric cars are automatic , since they do n't have a clutch . 
  and to me most automatics are regular sporcars ( gti versions ) and business cars . 
  and our tax system make electric cars a lot cheaper than petrol cars . 
  no bpm , no `` bijtelling '' , no mrb ... 
  a lot of people are cunts , but we ai n't obsessed with them . 
  some one becomes a celebrity by having people obsessing about them . 
  why does the us have different id forms in every state ? 
  it 's just confusing . 
  except there is . 
  you meant to say it happens the most , right ? 
  in the netherlands we say `` that 's not important '' . 
  it 's funnny because in the / r/askreddit post about dying for your country , almost everybody said they would n't do that . 
  and / r/worldnews says europe is at least as racist . 
  ofcourse . 
  it 's us vs government , we are enemies of eachother . 
  the government is some big evil where we ca n't relate to and ca n't have influence on . 
  because / r/wtf users are mostly 12-14 . 
  racism is cool and i know everything about everything . 
  btw , nice username ...
