  was he connected , or was he just a random citizen that did something that made the police take the actions they took against him . 
  this is true . 
  gives `` lulz '' a whole new meaning . 
  ( not op ) thanks for posting , going to look into it . 
  you mean those in those warzones where it became normal ? 
  i think that the doctors appointment really depents on where you live . 
  i live in a small town ( around 5000 people ) with only 2/3 doctors and a lot of elderly . 
  so , as long as it is n't an emergency , it can take 3-4 days before your appointment . 
  in math . 
  give him a gun so that it will end fast ? 
  why not ? 
  it did in australia . 
  you 're all over this post !, 
  that 's assuming that when woman do n't need a man for reproduction , they would be all over eachother . 
  that second one was hilarious . 
  that 's at least since socket 775 how ram bandwidth works . 
  europe is n't a country , providing the actual country is a lot more usefull . 
  as a guy with woman feet , this makes me sad . 
  then you should n't go in the military . 
  when you are in it , you take the risk of dying and leaving everyone behind . 
  and that 's completely your decision.v, 
  just boot linux from cd !, 
  you mean almost every other country in the west ? 
  seems to work pretty well . 
  that had nothing to do with culture . 
  the basics of criminologie do n't change with that small cultural changels . 
  in radar , there is n't . 
  you should use additional equipment , and i do n't know about the existence or reliability of that . 
  how could n't she if misty keeps reminding her . 
  did that law already passed the senat ? 
  i tought it was n't discussed yet . 
  i agree with you on this . 
  unbelievable that people can support these acts . 
  and i love you to , random citizen !, 
  did i miss a memo ? 
  saw the downvotes . 
  here to say i agree with your point of view . 
  it 's awesome !, 
  i was blown away by it . 
  when a topic is post to srs , subredditdrama and subreddits like that , it will give a warning . 
  yes , current day isra\u00ebl . 
  they can kill submissions and sometimes entire frontpages ( especially on smaller subs ) , that 's why it 's reported . 
  there was a article about the r3 case where they tested all logical option with 0-6 fans . 
  ca n't find it now because i 'm on my phone , if no one finds it i will post it tomorrow . 
  not when on hunger strike . 
  you 're taking away the last thing a prisoner has power on . 
  that 's why the world medical association has considered it a degrading and inhuman treatment . 
  yes, 
  like i said somewhere before , they probably ranted to reveal her around season 4/5 . 
  if i remember correctly that where the seasons where they all went `` and i almost met you 're mother , i saw her enkle , she plays bass , yellow yellow yellow '' . 
  and after those episodes , it is n't really mentioned anymore . 
  they where building up to the reveal , did n't deliver it and now are only referring to the events in a `` and she was playing bass . 
  but i already told you that she played bass '' - way . 
  so what ? 
  and fuck the tank and flamethrower mission . 
  those where already hard on easy . 
  imagine the entire watersystem we have layed out in the country . 
  now we have to lay down that entire system a second time , just so that we flush with dirt water . 
  there is literally no reason to do what op suggested . 
  i looked myself out twice in only a couple months ( luckely i was in my hometown both times ) . 
  since then i made it a habit to only close the car door with the keys visible in my hands . 
  it has worked so far . 
  how is this firstworldanarchy ? 
  i already have to pay piracy taxes , better use the right to download movies/series/music / books . 
  exept that there is higher taxation, 
  because now i have twice the battery life !, 
  yes , is . 
  there is a `` getting into wec '' post in / r/wec that explains it . 
  fia wec only exists since 2012 . 
  i know is n't the same , but it is explaint in that post . 
  it 's the same here in the netherlands . 
  or very nice . 
  what 's your opinion on estonia ? 
  going to war with and infringting the sovereignty of an other nation because they support ( or are owned by the guys who set it up ) an illegal downloading site seems a bit far stretched . 
  you 're giving tpb way to much credit . 
  why should you register ? 
  is the us gov to stupid to do it automatically ? 
  when i turned 16 i got a letter with my military id-number and the message that i was now in service . 
  yes , you 're correct . 
  there is a blue flag waved , but since there are so many cars out in different classes the cars also flash their lights . 
  really like it . 
  we really should have more metal on listentox . 
  in my opinion a neglected genre here . 
  here someone with no netflix at all ( damn you , european market ! ) . 
  are there ways to search the us netflix instant catalog without having netflix ? 
  i would like to try nominating a movie , but do n't know if it 's in the catalog . 
  and for future reference it also would be easy . 
  i tried googling it , but i could n't find anything there . 
  i never buy a console on release . 
  simply to give the company a change to kill the launchbugs and to see how it 's going to work in the real world . 
  i 'm not doing to get a x1 , that 's sure . 
  i already would choose a ps3 over a x360 on any given day . 
  after the ps4 reveal i was kind off disappointed , but i think that they will make up for it on the e3 . 
  the x1 seems just horrible to me for an european . 
  they could better call it a usbox . 
  microsoft is doing something i do n't want . 
  for the last couple of years with the x360 on the e3 it already was `` look at all those features , you ca n't have and do n't want because they have nothing to do with gaming !, 
  '' , now they build a console around that concept . 
  itt : only people saying that you should n't ask in / r/buildapc because there will only people saying that you should build a pc . 
  of all the countries in the world you choose mine to visit and spent your money .
