  there is no reason to believe things has changed . 
  good/bad ? 
  what ? 
  you gave no explanation whatsoever . 
  why is this dump shit upvoted ? 
  it 's simply not true . 
  the sp is far left . 
  that 's not the same as extreme left . 
  that 's the `` shuttle run test '' . 
  edit :, 
  according to the english wiki it 's called, 
   multi-stage fitness test , also known as the bleep test , beep test , pacer test , leger-test or 20-m shuttle run test . 
  it pretty much is . 
  only are reasonable people not that interesting . 
  `` in this video , nothing really happened '' is not that interesting . 
  thinking that c2ws 10 minute videos are `` long '' says more about you then about him . 
  or they did understand that and still thought your comment was stupid . 
  did you conclude that yourself or do you have a source for that ? 
  it goes on for 10 times or something . 
  to be fair , it was just plain rallying . 
  i still thought they set decent times . 
  `` hundreds '' , probably not even close . 
  in one of the specials they show how the entire crew gets lined up to take a dump and you see around 20 people . 
  why they would even need hundreds of staff on location is beyond me . 
  hammond is experienced in offroading , as especially seen in the best roadtrip 2 . 
  it 's eu regulated , that 's why . 
  each country still differs slightly , but the overal idea is the same . 
  did also read the line before that or only the one you could bitch about ? 
  that was something else , since 100 % would be the ( implied ) current world record . 
  i assume you have never skied ? 
  if you have it cold while skiing , you 're skiing wrong . 
  yes , the stig is a professional race car driver . 
  it 's also very likely that the `` real '' stig does n't go to a lot of the specials and they have a local/back up stig do it . 
  you could assume they used a rally driver . 
  the last couple of stigs also were rally drivers , so that explains that it is a really fast time . 
  plus that james is `` captain slow '' of course , so even being close to hammonds time would have been praised . 
  let 's play a game called `` who had the longest pok\u00e9mon playtrough that was overwritten/deleted by a dickhead ? '' . 
  i 'll start with 150 hours . 
  my niece came playing and wanted to be a girl in the game , so she fired up a new game . 
  then she let her little brother play , and the dickhead decided to save the game ... lost 150 hours right there . 
  worst of it was that their parents did n't give a shit , communist bastards raised their children with the idea that they should always share all their stuff . 
  that outweighed fucking up someone else 's stuff . 
  the driving alone is n't that exiting . 
  it 's starting your own company , rent trucks to get by , buying your first truck , getting a decent money flow . 
  they had already done that a couple years ago . 
  the current pictures are from 10-2013 and those are already the replacement of older pictures . 
  i think that that was meant as figure of speech . 
  i take my bicycle to work , it 's only 20 minutes . 
  but when i have to go to school or something afterwards , i take the bike . 
  public transport is often way to slow . 
  even though they believe it , most of them have the `` right '' reaction . 
  it 's not like they support gun stations on every street corner . 
  agree . 
  i wanted to find some recipes for office lunch and was really surprised that reddit does so little in recipe sharing . 
  i do remember some guy compiling a recipe book a couple years ago , but i 'm unable to fin it . 
  not for max 50usd , but for max 100usd :, 
  it 's not that active . 
  it 's a sub that was created after a / r/askreddit question , which tend to die pretty fast . 
  that sub is nothing more then data plastered onto maps . 
  it has nothing to do anymore with actually `` mapporn '' , it 's now a version of / r/dataisbeautiful . 
  i 've never seen an arrow like this and i 've driven a lot of different cars . 
  is n't it just an us car brand thing ? 
  nope , i heard it before and have checked it a million times . 
  i 've never driven a car that had this . 
  a subreddit about old and nice looking maps . 
  as far as i know there is only / r/mapporn , which is just data plastered on maps . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  knew about the network , but did n't think of looking for their map sub . 
   inquisiti, 
   inquisition, 
   spanish inquisition, 
  fyi , reddit inc got a new ceo who seems to take a different direction . 
  that reddit notes thing is also cancelled . 
  neither , it 's not covered in the `` basispakket '' so it has nothing to do with the eigenrisico . 
  your example fully depends on the kind of dentist insurance you have . 
  nothing is covered fully . 
  you pay everything , except pt visits , from your eigenrisico until you hit the 350eur . 
  hotmail is zeker ingestort . 
  a lot of people know what 's going on in the world . 
  do it while you 're in the office with coworkers around you and video security . 
  pause the time , rob a bank , go back to the office , start time . 
  i held my phone upside down to try to make some sense of it first . 
  he would be gone in less then 10 minutes ? 
  the bouncer could n't hold him ? 
  the entire idea that he would be gone is silly . 
  yeah , fuck the justice system we democratically shaped and giving the possible rapist therapy to stop him from reoffending !, 
  better kick him in the face !, 
  some of those people are fucking stupid . 
  i do n't believe that for even a second . 
  the next victim of the rapist wo n't . 
  and it 's not like they could use some of the dozens other pilots instead of their king . 
  then bernie should keep it ? 
  then what 's the point of the weekly threats ? 
  posts like this needs to be discouraged , since they are useless . 
  if he provided any background , it would already be much better . 
  when did he start ? 
  how was his training ? 
  what was it like ? 
  what are his long term goals ? 
  that would be one of the shittiest subs possible .
