  we should n't change anything about the laws we have , except the change of punishment of existing unlawful acts . 
  make those who fight for terrorist organisations we recognise as such lose their passport . 
  but do n't make laws saying that if you are fighting out there for your second country and citizens , you lose your passport . 
  then you just make a very complicated issue black/white . 
  yes . 
  it 's ugly a hell , but very practical . 
  it is n't ? 
  i would assume that a drink that 's distributed by coca cola and is available on the european continent would also be available in the us . 
  it is n't implanted in mobile apps yet . 
  in the past there have been multiple posts that addressed daily users and how it effected them . 
  it was a really interesting read . 
  and people up voting means that they are interested in the question and would like to know about it . 
  people do n't like my opinion ? 
  quick , call it an anti-circlejerk !, 
  seriously , biggest circlejerk is the obsession of one existing . 
  this seems to be right . 
  it 's the face of a serial killer on the lose . 
  there is a second comic . 
  the wolf is liking the chipmunk in a sexual pose , while the chipmunk clearly is forced against her will . 
  edit :, 
  hit next , it 's like 6 pages . 
  it becomes clear that her cry for help is n't heard and that she feels that people try to get very close to her , which comes over to the reader as threatening . 
  for finding a terrorist who just killed multiple civilians in a bombing and still was in the city , you mean ? 
  i agree with this . 
  i race ac , but prefer iracing . 
  it 's just to expensive o justify the costs . 
  and we would have the almost same discussion if they had n't done it . 
  then they would have let a terrorist just walk away . 
  war after war in the name of fighting terrorism with hundreds of deaths . 
  now is there a terrorist attack , and they would just let him walk away . 
  not even knowing if there would be more attacks . 
  the us would immediately lose all the credibility they have on terrorism issues and send the message that people should just start bombing the place . 
  they would n't go after you anyway . 
  so , fake ? 
  because apparently we hate samsung today , lg next week and foxconn the week after . 
  it gets annoying that every week there it 's a competition who hates company x for the longest . 
  note that i did n't downvote anyone , but i can see that that would be the reason . 
  filthy casual . 
  den haag ( the hague ) and s-gravenhage are also the same city . 
  since the hague is a more international city you probably wo n't encounter to many situations where people use s-gravenhage . 
  do you have any actual sources on this ? 
  it is . 
  or she does n't notice it since it is n't like she woke up one day weighting 20lbs heavier . 
  it 's slips in . 
  it 's his sister , not a random girl on the street . 
  it seems completely unnecessary to me to talk with your parents about it and not with your sister directly . 
  edit :, 
  someone replied to me if i was obese myself or my sister was . 
  he deleted the comment before i was able to response . 
  to answer you : neither . 
  i think it 's just wrong to just assume she is delusional based on ops story . 
  it does n't happen overnight , so it 's very plausible she did n't notice herself actually getting fatter . 
  especially if her weight is n't a priority for her and does n't come to her mind in the same way / r/fitness subscribers have . 
  true . 
  we cancelled our activities to improve the economy in uganda . 
  it was unsourced . 
  that would have been the main problem i assume . 
  in your answer the praetorian guard was used as a possible example . 
  the existence and ways of this guard were discussed in this / r/askhistorian post :, 
  why did n't you just put the food on a stick ? 
  and suddenly , i want them to fail . 
  ricciado is part of the team . 
  edit :, 
  as far as i read , they could n't provide proof for the sensor being faulthy , even before race . 
  not because of you . 
  because haas comes over like he will create a front field team , because the us of a is the best goddamn country in the world . 
  i would love to see his vision shattered . 
  i understand it differently . 
  bitching on the king was just something you did n't do . 
  they were n't against the king , but against his policy . 
  and the hertog alva . 
  fuck him too . 
  i see what you want to say , but i think now the case is different . 
  if he said that he would be the best team because they have the best people and spirit , i would agree . 
  now it seems that he says they would win because they 're from the us . 
  i 'm unfamiliar with the us tax system . 
  which cost skyrocket ? 
  is n't anything tax based based on the value it was when you bought the house/ground ? 
  i ca n't imagine only the heating bill making you lose your house . 
  is what a filthy peasant would say . 
  / r/carrotrights, 
  i 've never seen anyone argue that kimi is a bad , lazy driver . 
  so 2 positions at the same employee or different employees ? 
  whoa . 
  how did you get in that situation ? 
  this is obviously work of fiction !, 
  i 'm very disappointed in op . 
  niet ieder station is in amsterdam of utrecht . 
  unnecessary gif alert . 
  what 's that ? 
  i agree . 
  it 's faster to go from my station to utrecht central by car then by train ... 
  why would they even need to donate money or be small ? 
  just keep this website free . 
  how accurate is this ? 
  i would assume not at all . 
  like ? 
  more `` to prevent it being invaded and be used to attack us from the west and our supply routes in the atlantic , we take over '' . 
  since he killed millions in the war , probably not . 
  he wanted a third reich , not an united europe .
