  from the sidebar :, 
   link to the comic 's site if possible and not just the image . 
  but would n't he have to pay the guy 50 bucks for winning the bet ? 
  i used to come there around the start . 
  it was mostly about people spreading false information about food and nutritions that could actually kill people and calling them out . 
  a lot of people ca n't deal with the idea that fat is unhealthy or that it 's their own fault and pretend it 's good for some reason . 
  i remember a video ( could n't find it so fast ) about a woman who believed that it was n't her fault that she was obese , but just genetics . 
  doctors where involved and the doctor proved that she did n't have any disease that could cause her body state , so she did it to her self . 
  and she denied it !, 
  she just did n't believe the medical experts that she could change anything about her problem ( is she already saw it as a problem ) . 
  this is a serious issue in countries with high obesity rates and should be addressed . 
  there are teenagers who try to find comfort in being fat , and they can find it with people like that woman . 
  that 's dangerous and will kill people . 
  that 's why people care . 
  note that i have n't been there recently , so i do n't know how it 's now . 
  no show or no demo team ? 
  there is n't an air show this year , but i did n't hear anything about there not being a team . 
  says the guy who decides to randomly bring up which subreddits a user visits . 
  no , not really . 
  it 's dumb and pointless . 
  and there is kind of a difference between hating people for the choices they make and seeing them as lesser people with less rights for how they are born . 
  you forgot to address the part where i said that being overweight is a lifestyle choice and being black is n't . 
  that distinction is kinda important . 
  no , i do n't know what 's going on . 
  i just used that other guys words . 
  and i was referring to being black as when i said `` being born like that '' . 
  they took out jobs !, 
  you know what he means . 
  no reason for it to be . 
  it is . 
  not every river is used by ocean tankers . 
  because no one took that into consideration until just yet of course \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  it allows boats that are 3 meter deep , which are the boats that use those waters . 
  you 're not going to build something for boats that go 5 meters deep if they are even unable to sail in the area . 
  monarchie . 
  `` 49 comments '', 
  do n't let us hang op !, 
  the `` cannonball '' is how you can land further , since your legs do n't get in the way . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aj15gw-ss5m ) . 
  it 's how long jumps work . 
  because killing a lot of civilians to gain what you want is a recent development . 
  old ( or conventional ) terrorism sets itself with clear motives and goals . 
  it 's know that they want a because of b. 
  terrorist organisations tried to have a maximal effect by threatening with violence , while minimizing the death toll . 
  famous example is the hostage crisis in ottawa by the arf ( armenian revolutionary federation ) in which the hostage takers where in the media for hours , enabling them to tell their story to the world . 
  an other one is the molukse train hijack in the netherlands , which took 2 weeks and enabled them to negotiate for a longer period of time . 
  new terrorism ( or so called [ hyperterrorism ] ( http://www.ctheory.net/articles.aspx?id=305 ) ) does use violence with catastrophic proportions that can lead to thousands of dead . 
  the violence they use is cruel . 
  they don 're care for the live who do n't join the cause , they torture , they execute and want the world to see how cruel they are . 
  examples are 9/11 and the london bombings . 
  where was this ? 
  at what time ? 
  or should we guess which of the 100 arrests this was ? 
  niet iedereen in nederland is < 21 jaar . 
  is there any source for that , or is that just a theory because he never spoke to someone ? 
  probably not , since people knowing that he 's iron man is an important plot device . 
  how would that have done anything in this situation ? 
  it 's about what happened to the guy after he was taken into custody . 
  so , how would body camera 's help in this situation ? 
  since that 's what we are talking about . 
  it 's okay that you changed the subject , but i was n't talking about the rioting . 
  so it 's kinda pointless . 
  no worries , i also could have worded it more friendlier . 
  i just assumed you tried to yell `` rioters ! '', 
  any change you saw . 
  no worries , just join the marines . 
  it 's stated that you should already have 2 phd ( or something ) to even enter the shield academy . 
  it could be an overstatement , but jemma did have 2 phd 's when she entered . 
  to what are you refering to when you say `` fully qualified medical doctor '' ? 
  i 've never seen her do any actual advanced medical work , only minor touch ups . 
  to me it seems that she 's the best combination between field experience and biological/medical knowledge , so it makes sense to go on the mission with her to assist mike . 
   skye showed us and ward that she has the ability to clear out a whole room with her now ( again surprisingly ) controlled quake powers . 
  how did she show that ? 
  she showed that she could blast 2 guys away , which is n't that hard . 
  the scenario with the fight scene was much more complicated with multiple enemies coming from multiple directions , some of them entering the room at a later time . 
  it 's a stretch to just assume that she already has enough control of her powers to accomplish such fine and complicated attacks . 
  according to the [ mcu timeline viewing guide ] ( http://shieldtv.net/marvel-cinematic-timeline-viewing-guide ) , now . 
  it was n't an obvious joke , since there is military tech that uses lasers to shoot down rockets . 
  to remind people that ward still is a complete asshole that did unforgivable things . 
  you do realize that you can report a vehicle as stolen ? 
  that would invalidate the ticket . 
  240p , so we meet again !, 
  [ hq ( ish ) link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnlsf8bkcj4 ) . 
  that it 's a really dumb joke . 
  he killed shield agents with no remorse and is directly responsible for the damage fitz/simmons have suffered from the incident , damage that shape the rest of their life . 
  there is no reason to give him any change . 
  i 'm not saying that he is n't sorry , but what he did is unforgivable . 
  did you miss the last 5 minutes where maria says that she will call the avengers together and where they show the aou preview  ? 
  the next episode is after aou . 
  je bent op het internet for fucks sake . 
  depending on the situation , that 's not really a good idea . 
  i would pick someone who probably is n't with you at the time someone needs to have call an emergency contact . 
  it 's fine to have your spouse as emergency contact for your workplace , but you would n't want her to be the number on your necklace ( for example ) . 
  you need money to volunteer for a local organisation ? 
  or money to use the internet to learn a new language ? 
  or money to start running ? 
  you should call ( or mail if that 's not possible ) the uni and ask them . 
  that 's certainly the best option . 
  your situation probably is n't unique and they know how to proceed . 
  and if it is unique , no one here can help you with 100 % certainty .
