  i also think ` grand prix : the killer years ' is a lot better . 
  it was really emotional . 
  it 's about the 1960s-1990s of f1 and the many lives it took away . 
  to see interviews with widows and old colleagues , the footage of them dying , how horrible it was with the regulations ( there was a guy stuck in a tree for hours and the ambulance could n't find the hospital ) and what it took to change those regulations is just beautiful . 
  it 's on youtube [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vtq9uc062m ) , 1 hour long . 
  after senna , 1994 , no single race driver had died in f1 . 
  race driver . 
  rest in peace :, 
  * paolo ghislimberti , volunteer firefighter , italian gp 2000 , 33 years old , hit by a wheel . 
  * graham beveridge , marshall , austrialian gp 2001 , 52 years old , hit by a wheel . 
  * mark robinson , marshall , canadian gp 2013 , 38 years old , run over by a mobile crane that was recovering a f1 car after the race . 
  we could n't enjoy this sport without people like you . 
  i was n't talking about the woman that is raped , i was talking about the commenter doing nothing . 
  acts like violence and rape should never go unreported . 
  and if you do n't want to go to the police , there are a lot of organisations that support people that are in the same situation as the woman . 
  who wants peanutbutter when you have hagelslag ? 
  terrorist , that 's who . 
  fun fact : in the netherlands you are only allowed to call products '' - butter '' when they contain 80 % fat or more . 
  that 's why we call peanutbutter peanutcheese . 
  we have , just ask . 
  most people want spa when they ask for water , so they get sparkling water . 
  just ask for tap watter . 
  do you live in the us ? 
  just use the same kind of suit that fighterpilots use , no problem . 
  every reason you have to not buy a x1 is a good reason for you . 
  i will still buy the ps4 1 year after launch , because , at the moment , i see more potential in de ps4 cloud services ( forgot how it 's called ) . 
  i really hate the first one . 
  `` hurdur , dutch people are on reddit for / r/trees '' . 
  for the love of god , why would we do that ? 
  when we want to know/share something there is a dutch forum that has everything , from dealers to guides to reviews . 
  well , she was . 
  and you in prison for contract killing . 
  buy a bigger drive , it 's worth it . 
  bought a 750gb drive for 70usd . 
  not having to worry about space is such a relieve . 
  as i see it , the problem is n't the violance . 
  the problem is getting away with it or even be able to get promotion afterwards . 
  it is n't common in europe . 
  like , it does n't happen at all without religious reasons . 
  so you can expect a huge backslash from the european side . 
  i just hate the registers . 
  and fuck you . 
  which comic is that ? 
  you mean as a potagrapher, 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  you being wrong has nothing to do with circlejerking . 
  it is n't about the one guy , it 's about the 16 guys working in perfect sync . 
  it is n't about your laptop being good enough , it 's about the emu being able to run that game . 
  and i 'm proud on it that we have a system that makes sense !, 
  there where 800.000 bikes stolen last year . 
  that 's a lot . 
  because a post where the only commnts involve weapons and torture devices would be intresting . 
  the sentences have become higher and higher for the last years , this needs to stop . 
  if someone gets up from the chair and thinks `` let 's rape someone ! '', 
  you failed as a society . 
  imprisoning is just so we can shakes each others hand and say `` another job well done ! '' . 
  you 're to late , the crime happened . 
  the living prove that just locking people up are the us , scandinavian countries and japan . 
  the first one lives on `` if you ca n't do the time , do n't do the crime '' and has one of the worlds highest crime rate . 
  the scandinavian countries believe in prevention and rehabilitation , with great success . 
  japan lives on honor and respect . 
  the last 2 examples are part of the countries with the least homicides in the world , while the us knows the most homicides in the western world . 
  and did you read the reasoning behind the sentences you provided ? 
  or do you just like to scream that we suck , just following the sensation the media spreads ? 
  second of all , all those examples are pre-2005 . 
  useless . 
  mr. m.p got 16 years ( not for rape alone ) , the tbs ` er that raped his nure got a additional 5 years . 
  hey , look here !, 
  wait , what 's that ? 
  he also will be put under surveillance and has to go in therapy ? 
  good job , the netherlands !, 
  why a good job ? 
  that are things that make him less likely to rape again . 
  1,5 years vs 15 years wo n't do a thing . 
  edit :, 
  i even did n't replied to your `` 10 years for murder '' . 
  do you have a recent example ? 
  for murder i mean , not for `` dieing after being kicked in the head '' . 
  well , we could try it . 
  it 's not like we have much to loose anymore , could be fun . 
  pretty sure that a marathon is 42km . 
  it 's a set distance . 
  you ca n't really run a marathon longer . 
  we 're still closing prisons , but now thanks to budgetcuts . 
  exept that they do share info . 
  you tell me about guy x , then i will tell you about guy y. 
  they kidnapped the kid that would find the next lama and replaced him with one choosen by the chinese gov , or something in this trance . 
  and they do n't do that to help the tibetan people , but the help the chinese who migrated there . 
  so , 50-60 years ago ? 
  you do n't know anything about religions other than christianity and muslim , do you ? 
  well guys , who 's going down next ? 
  i think vettel , his team already said there where some problems on the left rear . 
  one of the dutch commentators said that pirelli said it 's not their fault . 
  just carry a note in your wallet with your most import numbers ( sos , neighbour , relative 1 , friend 1 ) . 
  the redbull x2010 , a prototype for gran turismo 5 . 
  why are children playing a 18 + rated game ? 
  i think that classifies as selfdefence . 
  and with the mrm , you really just mean / r/mensrights ? 
  you do n't have to . 
  just go to a scuba school and learn diving .
