  that 's what he wants so he can jerk off and think `` hurdurdur , i got a lot of people angry today '', 
  well , in the last school shooting ... owh wait , that never happened in a non-terrorist action in the entire history of our nation . 
  naa , you 're the good guy . 
  you ca n't die and situation will end precisely as expected and you being the hero . 
  it 's funny because by saying that someone is `` african-american '' you are basically saying that he is n't fully an american . 
  ah yes . 
  i remember when we had separate lines for black people and whites , different seatings in buses , black and white schools . . ooh wait , we did n't . 
  our constitution forbid us to do things like that . 
  write the most important numbers ( bank emergency line , regular police number , your parents , a friends ' , ... ) down . 
  it 's entirely possible you forget them in the heat of the moment . 
  which episode was that again ? 
  so far all comments have been about this being a joke . 
  i think most people know and think it 's a funny joke . 
  yes , people up vote funny jokes . 
  does n't mean they believe it . 
  driving was relative easy . 
  getting in the cars was the hard part . 
  got it wrong every single time . 
  i died a little inside when we sold them ... 
  flair up !, 
  this is not true . 
  admit it . 
  we all know you guys are going to take back karelian , salla and petsamo from russa . 
  in winter . 
  no one cares . 
  just give it or do n't mention it . 
  she could enter a 40km walking route . 
  even the cut off times of these are around 12 hours ... you know , since you walked 2 mi/h . 
  she did n't run a marathon . 
  she did a 12 hour 40km walk . 
  there are events that do that !, 
  she had no reason to do this event instead of a 40km walking event . 
  would some techno and dance work for you too ? 
  to be fair , that makes sense . 
  why would n't you try to make some money out of your popular blog ? 
  no it 's not . 
  so deep . 
  my other ( and first ) running shoe was the mizuno wave inspire 7 . 
  uk7/eu40 .5 female model . 
  i 'm a male , but my feet are very small . 
  so i went with the female model . 
  they did n't fit anymore . 
  like i was unable to walk in them . 
  they were way to tight in the front and were to short for my feet , so i bought a new pair of shoes yesterday . 
  they are the mizuno wave inspire 10 , uk8/eu42 , female model ( error in title , thought they were the male model ) . 
  going to take them for a test run in a hour or so . 
  i think something along the lines of attempted assault , if he intended to hurt him . 
  otherwise reckless endangerment of even public endangerment . 
  what happens to the other 75 % ? 
  then why do n't they use those ? 
  10 bucks he is n't old enough to buy wine anywhere . 
  would make it harder to find content . 
  and that would be good . 
  and probably have better nutritions . 
  he says that most of the field is american , but is n't that just their nationality ? 
  i imagine that where your ancestors came from is a lot more important than what 's on your passport . 
  thank you !, 
  it finally makes sense . 
  how do people know that this is going on ? 
  say that i was with rus , would i get an emergency call or something ? 
  do you have any proof for this ? 
  this time will be easy . 
  40 % of jews are in 1 location and they have already build a couple walls around them . 
  when i drink from a closed bottle ( like 0.5 ml water bottles ) , i suck out all the air and the bottle starts to collapse . 
  making me stop drinking , getting air back in , and start drinking again . 
  never notice it by someone else . 
  the others got killed . 
  iirc one of the isp 's lawyers showed the judge in one of the first trials how easy it easy to access tpb and this was 1 of the examples . 
  then when would you bother standing up ? 
  when it 's 2 ? 
  and why would you for 60 , but not for 59 ? 
  the isp 's drew a line and that is at 0 site 's blocked . 
  we do n't really have competition . 
  we have cable , which is ziggo or upc ( completely depends on where you love ) , satellite ( not really popular in the netherlands ) , or adsl . 
  only the adsl line has competition , but the only one worth mentioning are kpn , xs4all and tele2 . 
  99 % of the households just has ziggo/upc or kpn . 
  this is because the cable is owned by ziggo/upc ( they built the infrastructure ) and kpn had the main rights to the adsl line until not that long ago . 
  this will probably change with the building of the optic fibre infrastructure , since that is built and maintained by a third party . 
  they became a lot better over the years . 
  and they are partly forced . 
  kpn , one of the big 3 , is also on the mobile market . 
  they thought it would be a good idea to block the voip/internet messaging protocol on their mobile network and ask a fee to unblock it . 
  result : we became the second country in the world with a net neutrality law that forbids isp 's and mobile carriers to charge extra fees for certain protocols or site 's . 
  and do n't forget the new fiber infrastructure . 
  in a city close to me they can choose 13 isp 's on fiber alone , and a total of 16 ( i think ) . 
  since most of them are already with ziggo/kpn and do n't have complains , they do n't see the need to change it . 
  people do care for brain . 
  you could n't go to thepiratebay.org and access the site , thanks to them . 
  they are relevant . 
  we 're having a 700 + comment post about it . 
  it was the same judge in all 6 cases . 
  the more you know . 
  america has way more censorship . 
  just look at a cuba !, 
  please , tell me again about megaupload.com . 
  that 's a bullshit excuse . 
  he almost immediately identified himself . 
  after that people went full mental retard and started begging him for a iama on / r/pcmasterrace and / r/heilgaben ( or something ) and how he was seen as a god . 
  and do n't forget the hl3 jokes . 
  someone did make a working search function for reddit there where complaints and he said that he would make a better one .
