  you would still pay it to the school . 
  you still have to pay 2000 . 
  if you sort a 1000 on booze you spend the 1000 you otherwise would have spent on booze on school . 
  it really does n't change anything . 
  then you commit fraud and get arrested . 
  do n't you understand how the dutch higher education system works or are you talking about something else then stufi ? 
  from where is this ? 
  i 've read the book and this incident is told completely different . 
  this is just plain bullying . 
  i agree that ignorance should be battled , but this is something completely different . 
  i really ca n't say that the quality is so high it justifies having the number of episodes halved . 
  i think their top was around 2010/2011 with 2 seasons/year . 
  the last 2 seasons were very disappointing for me . 
  and i 've never seen anyone proof that it ai n't him . 
  facebook proves it by letting him be a verified user , reddit by repeating it is n't him . 
  / r/alreadyred is also fun . 
  a couple week/months ago there was a mildly successful post here asking for people who were or knew someone on / r/cringe . 
  i 'm unable to find it again , but it perfectly illustrated how hateful the community is . 
  yes it is . 
  last time i checked the sub the top posts where an expensive car ( hurhur , i can afford it ) , a picture of a restaurant that did n't want anyone under 21 and other posts like this . 
  it was n't talking about being childfree , it was about hating people who do have kids . 
  it 's easily one of the more horrible `` serious '' subs . 
  no it isnt . 
  changing back to the old ui does n't change how the messages screen looks . 
  never mind . 
  i misunderstood how it was laid out . 
  i thought it was sorted on age of post instead of the age of the comment . 
  now i 've your attention , did your menu also change from left-bottom corner/right-upper corner also simply from top to bottom on the right side of the screen ? 
  i 'm not sure if i changed something or that an update was pushed . 
  edit ;, 
  yes , i screwed it . 
  putted it in left handed mode . 
  always surprised how little the waddeneilanden changed . 
  the only reason i can possibly think of in a hate scenario them screwing something up . 
  however , the left front was significantly slower , so i doubt that would be the car . 
  it 's really confusing . 
  the waving that the `` beater '' does makes it seem really aggressive , plus this guy walking up to him makes it does n't seem that good . 
  yet there 's nothing to see during the pit stop . 
  they both joined the nazi party in the 30 's . 
  adi called the allies dirty bastards . 
  even though , rudolf was seen as the bigger nazi supporter and was accused of being a member of the ss . 
  the split was only in 1947 . 
  petitie om 3 april officieel om te dopen tot 3 oktober , part 2 . 
  edit :, 
  it 's about registration . 
  if he actually hits someone the cops can see that he already had 10 people complain about him being a dangerous driver . 
  then ask a court hearing with him and all the previous tickets . 
  he should be put in place . 
  stop !, 
  this is the fun police !, 
  you 're under arrest sir . 
  agree . 
  my father lost one of his oldest friends a couple months ago . 
  he was n't sick beforehand , he just never woke up after he went to sleep . 
  turns out he had a blood prop in his brain that snapper . 
  that friend lived on the other side of the world for us , and the idea was that we would visit him next year . 
  then we would have saved the money for it . 
  thanks to stupid bad luck we 'll never be able to see him there . 
  since then i think it 's stupid to not do something you want , because you 're afraid of getting hurt . 
  you can just never wake up again . 
  and no one who simply never woke up again thought `` well , now i 'm going to die '' . 
  it 's the same with traffic . 
  no one who died in a traffic accident thought that morning `` this 's going to be my last trip '' . 
  even before crossing the street those people did n't though `` so this is how i 'm going to die '' . 
   also , how about the pro-isis rallies that have recently being held in places like the hauge ? 
  apparently they were in the streets and on megaphones screaming absurd shit like , `` death to jews '' !, 
  you mean the rally of a couple dozen people that lead to talks between motorcycle gangs and far-right extremist about beating the shit out of their eyes and national outrage ? 
  what has red bull to do with this ? 
  just over 25 % ? 
  she has collected 26.000 usd . 
  here goal is over 86.000 usd . 
  i would say it 's really successful , considering it 's an one man event . 
  you do know that the amount of people living in hunger is shrinking , and shrinking fast ? 
  the un congratulated itself a couple weeks ago for being on track . 
  turns out they 're not completely on track yet , but it 's still really impressive . 
  [ here 's 1 ] ( http://rt.com/news/188296-world-hunger-rates-un/ ), 
   twenty-five developing countries have already met the ambitious goal of halving the absolute number of chronically undernourished people between 1990 and 2015 . 
  but there is not enough time for the rest of the world to achieve the same rates by 2015 , the report states . 
  [ here 's 2 ] ( http://www.wfp.org/stories/state-food-insecurity-world-2014 ), 
   since the benchmark year of 1990 , the proportion of hungry people in developing regions has dropped from 23.4 percent to 13.5 percent , just short of the 11.7 percent target . 
  if current trends continue , it could fall a bit further -- to 12.8 percent -- by next year . 
  but it 's still not quite enough to meet the goal . 
  i had no issues getting the sticker for free at a mercedes dealer ( no , i was n't driving a mercedes ) . 
  you just tell them which car and engine , they look it up and you get a sticker . 
  probably [ his ] ( https://i.imgur.com/blx7ww7.jpg ) daughter . 
  it 's a well known fact that tony supports irish independence . 
  www.iamexpat.nl , www.dutchnews.nl and www.invadingholland.nl are the standard 3 recommended sites for expats . 
  put a needle in an open flame and use it to punch it through . 
  there are plenty of guides online . 
  it is expensive compared to what you get . 
  if the expected price for a loaf of bread is 2 usd , 20 usd for an other loaf is bread is expensive . 
  i was talking about it being expensive or cheap . 
  that 's the only thing i said . 
  that loaf of bread could also be based on the market value , it 's still expensieve . 
  is n't that still how the saying goes . 
  where should they get all those people ? 
  and i think it 's really optimistic to think that they even would be able to pay so many people for the current price of entry fees . 
  the olympic games and soccer world cup also requires thousands of volunteers . 
  where do you see people not getting its satire ? 
  it 's obviously satire , so i ca n't blame you .
