  i miss iama 's like that . 
  since a depression is a mental ilness , it is n't really by choice . 
  like , at all . 
  how do you feel , almost having more upvotes than the mf iama ? 
  i 'm surprised you 're still here after 12 hours . 
  most ama die within a couple hours . 
  you completely miss the function of up/downvoting . 
  it has ( or should have ) nothing to do with a opinion being popular or unpopular , it 's about downvoting posts that have inaccuracies , are flaming/trolling , etc. 
  it 's pretty cloudy in london, 
  high five for actually taking the time to give a list that 's useful . 
  strip club  bowling . 
  that 's the first time about blb iama being fake . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  but even if it was a fake , it was not removed because of that . 
  now i feel like a retard for not even being able to get in a high orbit . 
  i think they only planned on doing 5 seasons , but it got to do more . 
  if i remember correctly it was around s5 that they came with the yellow umbrella and ted almost meeting his future-wife . 
  and nothing from when they let ted almost meet her is relevant now . 
  it only comes back in a `` she 's a bassplayer , but i already told you that '' - way, 
  i tought the manga was horrible . 
  it started of good , but they went waaaayyy over the top with the ending . 
  that 's a lot of information to process , thank you !, 
  did n't expect to get such a detailed response . 
  really enjoying 6h of silverstone on the screen next to me now . 
  dang , how many weeks/months/years was it ago that you cleaned it ? 
  missed it with an hour , it just ended . 
  this is n't a meme . 
  the differene between a regulair picture and a meme is n't that the one has a description box and the other the description on the image . 
  hi fellow dutch guy . 
  i assume you do n't have sport 1 if you talk about the wec quality being better than f1 ? 
  rumors are that the wec will be put on youtube afterward in the near future . 
  do n't know about other ways to rewatch a race . 
  / r/patientgamers and / r/shouldibuythisgame, 
  first driver has the black box , the second driver the neon box . 
  makes it easier to tell them apart . 
  anyone a recommendation for an actual worldnews subreddit for a non-usa ` r ? 
  where at least 3 bombs , 2 went off and 1 was dismentalt . 
  just check any mayor newssource . 
  know the problem , that 's why i did n't quote a source . 
  i used rtlnieuws and nu , but do n't expect you to speak that . 
  everybody with internetacess ? 
  which definition ? 
  every definition i now states that terrorism has to be political/religious motivated . 
  and we do n't know that yet . 
  how does it handle replies to comments ? 
  i tried using it in the past , but i did n't it to work so it 's my first time using r-s . 
  volunteer at your local red cross department or at a runners race . 
  you ca n't help here ( sending money would be the most useless thing to do ) , but can help you 're local community a little . 
  and i know the feel as a european . 
  i 've spear bedrooms and there always a spot of the couch/floor available , but not really useful now ... 
  and why again would the us gov do this ? 
  `` terrorism has 3 components :, 
  * acts or threats of violence ;, 
  * the communication of fear to an audience beyond the immediate victim , and ;, 
  * political , economic , or religious aims by the perpetrator ( s ) '', 
  those 3 components are seen in every definition us gov institutions uses when discussing terrorism . 
  the first 2 components are there , the third on is n't . 
  so it is n't terrorism yet . 
  it will say 102 meter . 
  you need 3 gps satellites to have a connection , combined they show the x and y axis . 
  / r/rapeandnoordkoreanews would be a better name at the moment . 
  being owned by the same company does n't mean anything nowadays . 
  companies got so big that some parts of them can be rivals . 
  i think there are non-profits that provide those . 
  even if those ai n't aimed at the boston bomming , you can still donate . 
  there are people out there that did n't lose their leg at boston , but still need help . 
  good to hear !, 
  i found that on my phone but was unable to post it . 
  would you mint replying to the main post with a little info about donating for the limb and the contact you had with the organisation ? 
  if it gets enough upvotes it maybe gets more attention then down here and is visible for more people . 
  i would do it myself but since you said you had a little contact with them you could create a better comment . 
  like i said in an other comment ,, 
  even if the organization is n't specially focused on this event , you can still donate . 
  there are people out there that did n't lose a limb yesterday , but still need help . 
  we all saw the horror people see when losing a limb , you can help other people that also had to go through this pain . 
  but not worldnews, 
  not happy with the new app . 
  where did the supply missions from s1 and radio go to ? 
  yes , you can run any other app in the background . 
  you could just start small and ask local sponsors to sponsor you . 
  than put on your shirt there logo and something like :, 
  `` i , [ logo ] , [ logo ] , [ logo ] support the `` limbs for life foundation '' , and you ? '', 
  i would love to help in the future with this , but do n't have the knowledge or time . 
  but you could try so setup something small first . 
  i think there are alternative sites for things like this . 
  thank you , just read about it on their blog ( [ link ] ( http://blog.zombiesrungame.com/ ) ) . 
  since i only use the 5k !, 
  version at the moment , do you know of that the supplies i collect ( in s1 or 5k if that 's possible ) still can be used in the base ? 
  it 's a warzone , and people dying in a warzone is normal . 
  that 's why nobody ( exept you ofcourse ) `` cares '' . 
  `` edit 173 12:35 : they just said something that they do n't want on air . 
  do n't write a comment about it . '', 
  now i must know & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  in gta iv , just steal a chopper , go to the highest possible altitude , jump out of the chopper with a parachute and escape the area . 
  so what 's up with the old man ? 
  who is he ? 
  what was going on with him ? 
  why/how/did the police go after him ? 
  i know he was cleared . 
  i was asking what he had to do with all of this .
