  he was way , way behind . 
  i do n't see how that would be relevant . 
  did we read the same article ? 
  it mentions that it 's the same technology audi uses in the wec and that it is n't the f1 division of williams that develops this technology . 
  the concept of kers existed long before f1 started using it and it 's also being developed in other race classes , wec being the most prominent . 
  i 'm also against a budget cap , but i do n't think this can be an argument against it . 
  and now we have 3 subs . 
  someone post that xkcd about having 14 standards , creating a 15th standard to merge those 14 and now having 15 standards . 
  we stack them up . 
  in one place we have 3 , sometimes 4 , people buried . 
  i thought that dtm was easier to follow . 
  they post full races on youtube , including qualify . 
  and it 's broadcasted at `` normal '' times . 
  judges, 
  and they could fight in it court . 
  you asked about who decides what hate speech is , not who banned the flag . 
  isis is on the terrorist organisations lists , making it easy to ban items that support them . 
  tele2 definitely does n't throttle your service when you get out of our bundle , but charges more . 
  or something changed in the last 6 months since i got my bundle . 
  i think that t-mobile is the only provider who throttles your bandwidth . 
  just make yourself 2 years older . 
  then it would have been just your birth year minus 2 . 
  so he did n't even notice someone took his gun until the one that took it from him aimed it ? 
  it 's not a corporation , it 's just a hobby site . 
  `` to put money in your pocket '', 
  it seems very likely that you 're wrong . 
  it 's just a wordpress site . 
  it would surprise me if they even would break even with the hosting costs . 
  yet the far-east and the west were n't involved in the same conflict , right ? 
  so why would it be a single world war instead of multiple mayor , unrelated conflicts ? 
  or that idf cares about reddit . 
  i think that radio 1 or your local station would be a lot more reliable than crisis.nl when 10 million people try to figure out what happened . 
  and here i was , thinking it was a surrender joke . 
  you already were inside , were n't you ? 
  they warn people who are outside at the moment to go inside and turn on the emergency channel . 
  for that purpose they 're lout enough . 
  still agree that they should be louder . 
  they ca n't hear the cars when cycling in the city , causing them to be hit by cars and eventually die . 
  we do n't really have deaf people anymore . 
  and i 've the exact opposite experience . 
  do n't think i 've ever been to a birthday where this does n't happen . 
  since a lot of f1 is millimetre work i doubt that they would have to hide a lot of visuals . 
  sauber created videos with entire sidecuts of their cars . 
  it 's a joke , take it as it is . 
  he was n't born in his current condition . 
  as the article says , only in 69 he had to accept the use of a normal wheelchair , that would 've been 2 years after his first child was conceived . 
  1 year later he got his second child . 
  people that are in wheelchairs because they ca n't walk and ca n't use their hands to perform precision tasks like writing , still can have sex . 
  a price range , for what you 're going to use the car and how much you 're roughly going to drive it would be a good start . 
  they do n't have a reason to do it ? 
  pretty sure the us could crush venezuela , but that does n't make it a smart move . 
  `` when we say we will , we will . 
  we do not talk idly . '', 
  i had to laugh, 
  i 'm just happy to remember who won last race , let alone have memories from when i started watching . 
  i do have some rough memories . 
  i remember frentzen . 
  i knew someone with almost the same name , and since i was n't able to read that good yet i thought it was the same name . 
  was really confusing , since it 's obviously not possible for 2 persons to have the same name . 
  otherwise it would be verstappen racing or schumacher win almost every single race in 2001 ( ? 
  how would a accident happen ? 
  both parties stand still . 
  and in a lot of / r/motorcycle posts the opposite comments are voted to the top . 
  ask the one you 're driving with what he wants you to do . 
  the netherlands was neutral during ww1 . 
  the netherlands was neutral ground . 
  they only attacked france through belgium . 
  would be pretty stupid to attack france trough the netherlands , since you still would need to go through belgium . 
  which asshole comments ? 
  the only comments here are people complaining about those comments or comments saying that people should n't discuss if she 's a woman or a girl . 
  i highly doubt he could send you away , since it 's just 1 booth at the fair . 
  do n't think a guy who is put there by the stand holder could send you away from the fair itself . 
  it 's up now . 
  it just reads as satire or something . 
  it does n't seem that loaded . 
  it asks that if god spoke directly to them and told them there teaching was wrong , they would change their teaching to please god . 
  does n't seem like that strange question . 
  please , only type the title instead of 2 sentences explaining the double meaning . 
  just guessing what the double meaning is is so much fun . 
  to be fair , they probably mean to ask how it looks for you . 
  is it just lesser red , is it greyish , blueish or just an entire other colour . 
   say again , its the laws of probability . 
  the more people you have doing something the more likely you will have someone exceptional . 
  tell to that to england vs germany . 
  or to the netherlands and costa rica . 
  yes . 
  spent 500usd instead of 0 . 
  your advice would make sense if he wanted a ps4 , but it does n't seem like that . 
  anyone can yell about what is wrong . 
  it 's proposing a better idea that makes a good politician ( no , that is n't the only thing needed ) . 
  really ? 
  on the renders they look great . 
  you have a link or something ? 
  this is not the ( biggest ) reason . 
  it 's sky high taxes on fuel . 
  as the other guy pointed out , at least 70 % of our fuel price is taxes . 
  from alsa.org , 16 august :, 
   today , the als association announced it has surpassed $ 10 million in `` ice bucket '' donations . 
  specifically , as of saturday , august 16 , 2014 , the als association has ** received $ 11.4 million in donations compared to $ 1.7 million during the same time period last year ** ( july 29 to august 16 ) . 
  these donations have come from existing donors and 220,255 new donors to the association .
