  the part about this in the book is completely different . 
  would love to try that some day . 
  just go with 2 other guys and drive in 4 hour shifts . 
  gives you 8 hour of rest every 12 hours . 
  thank god that they 're a couple thousand miles away from you then . 
  the first point can easily be solved by moving to friesland , groningen or somewhere around the german border . 
  problem is that you are n't close to the big 4 cities . 
  no , you like to believe that people voted against it with that in mind . 
  that 's something entirely different . 
  by the same logic we could make eigen risico 100.000 euros and take no paycut . 
  for many people 350 euros already is a lot of money . 
  yeah , it 's on very high on my bucket list  . 
  nothing special , just reddit thinking they 're way more important then they 're in reality . 
  he never even commented on the event and it was handled pretty fast by the mods . 
  nothing special , just reddit believing they 're really important . 
  clarkson did n't even comment on the event , ever . 
  an the mods handled it pretty fast . 
  you are if you punch him because your food is n't the way you want it . 
  fuck that noise , stupid kid should n't play on that street . 
  now i 'm dead and the kid will just die next week when he does it again . 
  yes . 
  it was eating . 
  you should n't pet any pet that 's eating , let alone a wild ( ish ) elephant . 
  we zijn op het internet , that 's serious business . 
  paging / u/midnightrambulador . 
  that worked so well for subs like / r/atheism , / r/funny and / r/adviceanimals . 
  this post is just stupid . 
  168h in a week . 
  say that work takes 45 hours ( incl travel time ) and you sleep 56 hours . 
  that leaves you with 68 hours , of which you also need to eat , shower , sleep , shit , etc. 
  reserve 2h/day for that . 
  leaves you with 42 hours . 
  assuming the 4h is correct , it 's already close to 10 % of your time . 
  i workout 3 times in the week and including changing clothes and travel to/from the gym takes me 8 hours . 
  that 's 19 % of my free time . 
  which still does n't seem to much , but remember that this number is highly influenced by not working in the weekend . 
  need those beauty sleep gains bra, 
  really ? 
  the only problem i hear is the obsession from the local media with him . 
  that 's what he 's saying , way too much time . 
  i can understand this for dinner , not for breakfast . 
  it completely discards how the basic income should be paid . 
  all the models that try to address this are just completely wrong , they just assume that the government would get the same amount of money as they get now . 
  while every pro-argument also shows it would take a huge cut from government . 
  plus that the experiment is useless . 
  when you take part , you know it will end after x time . 
  you do act differently when that 's the case . 
  edit :, 
  has it maybe occurred to you that we researched bicycle safety time after time and act accordingly to that research instead of what a random american thinks ? 
  ca n't wait till you die from bicycling like a retard . 
  good news for me : do n't have to wait that long :, 
  vertical axis shows how much cyclist die every billion km , horizontal axis shows percentage of cyclist with helmets . 
  i mean , how dumb do you have to be to have so many cyclist killed when they are safe with their helmets . 
  sounds fun , but that 's just plain false . 
  see here the relation between helmet usage and dead :, 
  vertical axis shows cyclist dead per 1 billion miles , horizontal axis shows percentage of helmet users . 
   but of course if differs from country to country !, 
  true . 
  in the netherlands there would be 10 % more critical injuries . 
  these are thoroughly researched facts . 
  we thoroughly researched to subject of cyclist safety , again and again and again . 
  it already has been a big part of public debate . 
  it 's estimated that 10 % more cyclist would get critically injured when we push helmet laws . 
  so no , they do n't help . 
  unless you want to thin out the population . 
  i already said that over here it would lead to 10 % more critical injured cyclist ( which is something that happens during accidents ) . 
  define `` short '' . 
  are we talking about midgets or something like 170 ? 
  join us at / r/running . 
  we love totally about bowel movements !, 
  watch out people , we have a big guy over here . 
  no , automoderator . 
  it 's almost never thanks to shadowbans . 
  there are only 3 constructors . 
  bmw with 4 teams , audi with 3 and mercedes with 3 . 
  so they would lose 6/20 cars . 
  which is a lot . 
  just bench + squat + dl . 
  a combined weight of 1000lbs on bench , squat and dl . 
  thoughts on [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/25kcfhb.png ) gym layout ? 
  there is a new small gym opening close by and i 'm thinking about switching . 
  main reason for this is long opening times all year round . 
  only thing that seems missing is bars/weights without a bench , but that 's solved by just not using the bench . 
  to get a second look . 
  it has the things that i need and the problem with no free bar is easily solvable . 
  but maybe i 'm missing something obvious . 
  that 's why i 'm asking . 
  i 'll make sure to ask them next sunday . 
  they 're still installing everything and are having an opening `` party '' that sunday . 
  ants need gyms to , jerk !, 
  but seriously , i live in a small town and there already is a bigger , established gym close by . 
  congratulations i guess ? 
  / u/pizzadoos , hoe was de boottocht ? 
  he goes the same speed as the cars in the left lane . 
  speeding ? 
  he was going 110km/h and going roughly the same speed as the left lane . 
  then you can go to the side of the highway . 
  you can force you way through in an emergency . 
  you do n't have to request permission from other drivers . 
  and who is speeding ?
