   i remember the last couple of levels . 
  from halfway through the game i played with the same companion , and it was one of my greatest game experiences ever . 
  i once fell of a building , and he waited there . 
  i was faster than him with grinding down the tunnel , and i waited for him . 
   in the last level , we could n't find each other . 
  it gave me a feeling of panic . 
  i was so emotionally attached to my companion that losing him made me actually feel lonely . 
  and the feeling of sweet relief when i found him was just surreal . 
  to me , journey was one of the greatest game experiences of my life . 
  i never thought that a game would made me so emotionally touched by it . 
  he did n't `` found '' a bug . 
  he searched for a known bug and misused it in his advantage . 
  i believe that greece screwed up to much and needs to get kicked out of the eurozone . 
  they went to far . 
  they are still being irresponsible and do n't respect the european authority that give them their loans . 
  and police forces , who are supposed to fight the outlaw . 
  but they chose to be a soldier . 
  they chose to get a job that could become there dead , let them fight a war they do n't agree with and would get orders . 
  it 's their job to follow orders . 
  they did n't had to go in the army and do thing they do n't agree with . 
  so it has come to this . 
  i 'll be in the bunker . 
  so churchill and the american politicians who supported helping europe in wwii dead would have been a good thing for us ? 
  churchill did n't march into war with india , he simply did n't send food . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
  even if the concept that every politician should be executed after the first dead would be performed , the situation between churchill and india would n't change . 
  he would n't be executed , because he did n't go to war with india . 
  and india would still have a food shortage , because there was no food send . 
  and according to the logic that churchill is responsible for the genocide in india ( which , since this was n't a mass murder of a religious or ethical group what resulted from xenophobia , was n't a genocide ) , the american politicians where just fucked . 
  if they would march into war to liberate europe , they would be executed because they marched into war . 
  and if they had n't do anything , they still would be executed because they did n't do anything to prevent the holocaust , even though they had the ( military ) power to stop it . 
  you see the problem ? 
  war is a terrible thing . 
  but can you even imagine how bad a situation can be , if war is the only effective response ? 
  the leaders of russia , poland , finland , china ... would be executed for defending their own country . 
  usa would be executed for defending other countries ( i 'm still talking about wwii ) . 
  the leaders of the uk would be executed for defending their own ground ( falkland war ) , the dutch would be executed for their rebellion against the spanish ruler . 
  and i could go on and on about this . 
  is war terrible ? 
  yes . 
  is it sometimes the only option ? 
  yes . 
  does that mean that every war is good ? 
  i think the us involvement in the vietnam war was a bad thing . 
  but none can predict what 's going to happen in war . 
  if the us had won the war in a month with almost no casualties , the vietnam war would n't have been a bad war . 
  we ca n't say before hand what 's going to happen . 
  i 'm not trying to defend churchill . 
  i 'm attack the point rakista made in his first comment and as a example i used churchill and wwii . 
  a man made famines is not a genocide per definition , it 's a way to commit a genocide . 
  burning people is n't a genocide on it 's own , but it is a way to perform a genocide . 
  `` rather feed europeans than indians . '', 
  since it was n't the point i was trying to make , i 'm not an expert in what churchill did . 
  it was just an example . 
  and if what i just quoted is true , he was n't committing genocide . 
  he had to make a choice between feeding europeans and indians . 
  it 's not that he thought `` well , what shall i do today ? 
  i know !, 
  i 'm going to let the indians starve to dead ! '' . 
  as what you said was true , then he was thinking `` for the love of god , what shall i do ?!, 
  feed the europeans and let the indians die , or feed the indians and let the europeans die ? '' . 
  and what 's defense ? 
  what if france decided to start a local genocide and kill every christian in the country ? 
  when we march into war to defend the christians in france , we are not defending ourself . 
  we are attacking france . 
  or even more complicated : the football war . 
  according to el salvador , they attacked honduras to defend the el salvadorian people that fled to honduras . 
  so according to el salvador , they had gone to war to not defend them self , but to defend their people . 
  so what would happen now ? 
  and like i said , it was `` according to el salvador '' . 
  in reality , it does n't really make sense . 
  so el salvador attacked honduras , to defend the people that had fled el salvador ? 
  to sum it up : according the el salvador , they where defending there people . 
  but according to honduras , they where defending their ground . 
  and let 's go back to wwii . 
  when the allies entered germany , germany was the side who tried to defend himself against the attacker . 
  there was a turning point in the war . 
  and go forward to the nato mission in libia . 
  are they truly attack or are they just supporting the people ? 
  who are the attacking force and who is the defending force ? 
  the libian people where trying to overthrow their government , so they where attack . 
  but that does n't mean that they where wrong and their leaders should be executed . 
  and the nato deciced the interfere in favor of the people . 
  they are not really attacking , nor are they defending . 
  they are supporting a side . 
  and i could go on and on about wars that ai n't that different . 
  the invasion of anjouan , where rebels where stopped by the government forces , supported by the african union and france.the djiboutian -- eritrean border conflict , where 2 sides claimed they where defending their ground . 
  what about the sudanese conflicts ? 
  the south want their own country and the north agrees to a certain level . 
  but there are clashes being fought about where the borders comes , since most of the oilfields are in the south . 
  what about the syrian uprising ? 
  mexican drug war ? 
  or gulf war ? 
  alien forces where defending an country by attacking the country that attacked their allie . 
  what about the war in congo ? 
  ** tldr : **, 
  war is complicated . 
  there is no universal way to say who are the good and who are the bad . 
  nor there is a way to say who is attack and who is defending . 
  every war is different , and that 's why i disagree pacifism and people that make statements as `` than they should be willing to lay down their life to ensure the country they lead .
