  hahaha , maldonado crashes !!!!!!, 
  for fucks sake , do n't you people ever get bored with this crap ? 
  rb has absolutely no reason to be in f1 other then marketing reasons . 
  of course they 're gon na leave if they ca n't be competitive and they have every right to do so . 
  yes , even less teams would be great . 
  how you can believe that is beyond me . 
  there is no company in the world that thinks like that . 
  it is one of the only 3 top teams . 
  and a team with 4 cars . 
  yes , f1 needs rb . 
  see / u/seattt comment about this . 
  i hope for you that you have a mental disorder . 
  that can explain your behaviour . 
  we lost hrt , then we lost catherham , then we would lose red bull and toro rosso . 
  getting only 1 back is n't enough . 
  you also can just say that you have no idea how rb operates if you make comments like that . 
  what did you think that happened in nascar ? 
  there is nothing going on there . 
  everyone with more then 1 brain cell knew what he meant . 
  edit :, 
  it really is n't . 
  they did n't cheat by a couple percent more emission , they cheated with 4000 % more nox emission . 
  it 's almost like car brands are active in different markets . 
  have you looked into ice cream fitness ? 
  it 's time consuming , but effective . 
  i ( a random dude on the internet ) would recommend focussing on sl for a couple weeks and then add the icf additions . 
  no shit . 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  horner just said that they were talking . 
  i think that a f1 team boss has a better idea who they are talking to then some random internet dipshit . 
  ben net begonnen met peaky blinders , over een britse bende in 1919 , vlak na ww1 . 
  no , his comment is stupid as fuck . 
  horner said that they were talking , why would you say that vw has absolutely no interest in f1 then ? 
  a gp visit cost 10 bucks for consults under 20 minutes and 20 for consults over 20 minutes . 
  go to a gp . 
  i have no clue . 
  the gp can probably tell you more . 
  just make sure that you mention it when making an appointment , so that the gp can make a longer appointment for you . 
  a gp visit is ( in my experience ) 10 minutes , they 'll schedule 20 minutes when you have multiple issues . 
  yes , let me explain . 
  we choose representatives on the basis that they will represent us . 
  by voting for that person , you show that he may speak on your behalf and you have to trust in him that he will fight for the issues he talked about in the way you support . 
  now say that we would need a referendum . 
  this will happen when our representatives no longer act in the way we intended them to rule . 
  ergo , they do n't represent us any more . 
  you ca n't be a represent if those who wanted you to represent them say they do n't want you to represent them . 
  and i believe that that happens when a referendum takes place . 
  they acted in such a manner that we had to set them aside for a moment and have a vote as a country . 
  i believe that would invalidate the power that we gave them , so we should have new elections after the referendum . 
  how sad for you that you do n't realise that there are multiple ways to rule democratic . 
  what a little world you must live in . 
   democratic principle known in history, 
  democratic history ? 
  are you making a joke ? 
  you want to randomly draw tickets with a name on it from a big ton and those people get to make decisions ? 
  like it was done for a period of time around the time of the greece ? 
  it also seems like you want to destroy us . 
  it is near impossible to let unpopular laws and decisions to pass . 
  no more cuts for everyone !, 
  everyone gets a raise !, 
  jeej !, 
   as a result of their true democracy, 
  lol , ok . sure dude . 
  i was n't saying anything related to that , but okay . 
  good for you i guess . 
  you can just reply to me instead of editing your comments . 
  you said that everything is great in switzerland , thanks to direct democracy . 
  which is a disgusting thing to say . 
  you completely nullify the work the swiss worked on for dozens of years by saying it 's just because they 're a direct democracy . 
   unless it 's dangerous, 
  seems to be off the table . 
  edit : guy i replied to said that it 's only a matter of time before redditors start to ask a disney princess on a date . 
  drive between cars that are in the lane next to eachother . 
  this is in many places allowed when the cars are at a standstill or are moving slowly . 
  you knew something would happen , the cyclist did n't . 
  no problem , you 're welcome !, 
  then what were you for the last 27 years ? 
  dussss, 
  actually tell him that not jokingly . 
  you are n't dutch in any way . 
  that makes no sense . 
  1-2 month cycles are the norm . 
  they are the norm from luxembourg ( 560k citizens ) to germany ( 81 million citizens ) . 
  germany has 160 times more citizens then luxembourg , yet the pre-election time is just as long . 
  it absolutely does n't matter . 
  this still in the case . 
  i do n't want you to know for 100 % sure which car i have . 
  when did you see that happen ? 
  i do n't believe for even a second that 's true . 
  waar is de analyse nu dan ? 
  yes , the u.s. is very special . 
  what works in the entire world would not work in the u.s. 
  there is absolutely no reason to believe that . 
  this is not possible . 
  more chance on / r/thenetherlands i guess . 
  wait till you 're 20 . 
  you will miss only 1/1 .5 driving seasons . 
  i went to goedhart motoren festival in bodegraven last week and of the 100 + bikes there , only 5 would be possible to drive with an a1 license . 
  1 of them being an off-roader and 2 being motorscooters .
