  mom , what do n't you want tell me ? 
  i 've been to egypt . 
  can confirm , leaving the hotel is a effective way of suicide . 
  what do you learn at the theory ? 
  in the netherlands it is only a short test , which many people fail the first time . 
  when i took it there was a guy who did it for the 5th time . 
  am i the only one who never has the problem you just described ? 
  we all have that one asshole , but he seems more the exeption then the rule . 
  tyl that in a lot of countries it 's like that . 
  it 's funny because if we truly where incapable of defending ourself we would be speaking france . 
  or spannish . 
  or italian . 
  i do n't have a specific source , but because of privacy laws those records ai n't open to public in most european countries . 
  honest question , why do n't they just make a new currency that is worth 1:100.000.000.000 or something like that so they do n't have to use this big nummers anymore ? 
  20 now . 
  i know i will also have to do that in the next couple of years . 
  was part of my theory exam in the netherlands . 
  the gauge got frozen overnight . 
  we did n't knew until we ran out of fuel . 
  imo a better name . 
  hang in there man . 
  ca n't say i would be able to do the say . 
  wish the best for all of you . 
  you should n't go to / r/girlsinmessyrooms, 
  however , after a while he was released from it . 
  and got thrown from a mountain ... 
  the king himself got killed in the bull when he got overthrown . 
  it is n't . 
  `` terorism '' is n't some organization . 
  it 's word for a way of fighting . 
  if were talking about islamitic terrorist organizations , their goals and way of acting are way more complicate them just `` gettig the us ouf of the middle-east '' . 
  it 's a part of the larger game . 
  we know al-qaida a couple years ago already had plans for what to do in 2020 . 
  this is a long term game , and spreading fear is a way to archieve it . 
  they won at that . 
  without the fear and media attention they would n't be as dangerous as they are now . 
  which organisation has `` sensational '' in its definition of terrorism ? 
  someone should find the wikipedia entry , it 's a good read . 
  mental institutions said that his experiment was a fraud . 
  the researcher told them that in the next couple moths he would sent more testsubjects . 
  they cought a couple 100 , even though he did n't sent a single one . 
  but they can give you the push . 
  just pulling a trigger is a lot easier than smashing someones brains out . 
  i think 1/4th . 
  you have 1a , 1a , 1a ( regular grandparents ) and 1b ( foreign one ) . 
  that makes 1a ( your parent ) and 1/2b ( your other parent ) , which makes you 1/4b and 3/4a . 
  results from the past do n't give guaranties for the future . 
  when was maldonado 's last podium finish ? 
  when was grosjeans last ? 
  and their last 5 ? 
  a lot wrote grosjean of when he was inexperienced in f1 racing , this is n't the case with maldonado . 
  my cat had a seizure one 's . 
  ca n't imagine how it would be to see a human freak out like that, 
  rome , greece , the france empire , the british empire . 
  all very good candidates ... 
  reddit is one of the most pro-gun communities . 
  so yeah ... 
  did he really hurt you ` murica ego that much ? 
  if whiskey was 5 dollar , why would you even think that a other drink with whiskey be as expensive ? 
  and if the roc would as important as f1 and would bring in the same money . 
  those sandwiches are pretty awesome . 
  that 's so funny . 
  i too , do n't explain to a potential costumer why a specific request would n't work . 
  period blood, 
  i also just started using duolingo . 
  it 's good to start with , but i 've problems with the grammar . 
  for that i partly use other sources and learn that myself ( learning german ) . 
  for me it 's almost impossible to get to the 3000 on a day . 
  maintenance intake is around the 2400 cal . 
  `` i do n't consider the us better than any other country , but to say their views on `` hate-speech '' do n't concern me and give me pause would be lying . '', 
  i guess the commenter is a christian/atheistic white male . 
  yeah , some civilians shooting him afterwards would be so much better ... 
  you would be so much faster that you could just take a nap when it 's dark . 
  you only think that ? 
  i would totally wife him . 
  there was a guy would putted old races on stream , but thanks to personal issues he is n't able to do it at the moment . 
  your best option is searching for torrents . 
  fia/sky/bbc are very aggressive in taking down f1 videos from youtube . 
  the logarithm is way more likely . 
  anyone tips where to start ? 
  dtm vs wtcc vs btcc ? 
  ef3 vs gp2 vs gp3 vs rf3 .5 ? 
  wrc vs erc ? 
  i was looking for the video and wanted to share [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/hsw3potya3y?t=2m23s ) piece of radio gold . 
  and the asian and north/south american would be easy . 
  the netherlands . 
  would save me travel . 
  welp , that does n't help me . 
  i was thinking of dtm/wtcc and never head of btcc until a couple days ago . 
  fine !, 
  i will watch the races . 
  ( note : not a fia track grader ), 
  from yahoo answers :, 
   grade 1 track are even tougher , and they restrict even the verges , run-off areas , type of track paint used and the minimum width of a line of paint , etc. 
  for sure , all f1 tracks need a race control centre , marshal posts , pits , paddock area and medical centre , and a helicopter landing space . 
  there is n't a lot of space at the moment to create some of the facilities , run-off areas , etc. 
  we could build it , but it would cost a lot of money . 
  so in theory , yes . 
  is any of those countries a permanent member of the security council ? 
  not possible .
