  you 're correct that you are just in the wrong subreddit . 
  the content of the post is fine , only not meant for / r/truegaming . 
  as the sidebar says , this subreddit is `` a subreddit for gaming discussion '' . 
  that 's a very broad term , but look at the top of this week to see what you could see as a discussion post . 
  why look at the top of this week and not the frontpage ? 
  the frontpage also uses comment count to show the position of the post . 
  for example : `` with all the hooplah about simcity , it really makes me want to play a sim game . 
  what do you think is the best sim game and why ? '', 
  is n't really a good discussion , and has only 10 upvotes . 
  but it 's very easy to talk about it and a lot of people do so . 
  so you have a post with only 10 upvotes , but with 80 comments . 
  back to you post , i think you should just try / r/sleepingdogs or / r/askgames . 
  wic is 5 years old , that 's why you do n't hear about it more often . 
  and you ca n't call yourself an rts fan without playing wic . 
  the soviet assault expansion made the game twice as long and a lot more fun . 
  on steam the complete edition is less than 10 euro 's . 
  i love wic and still play it on a yearly base . 
  does n't sound like often , but remember that it 's 5 years old . 
  for me it 's rare to look back at a game after finishing it . 
  someone else ? 
  thank you !, 
  it 's not about liking the person or not , it 's about how big the influence of said person is on society . 
  i did n't like season 8 ( and 7 ) jd was just an asshole and i could n't care less about the new interns . 
  it was still a fun show , but still ... 
  that 's a good idea . 
  saving actually makes me happy . 
  i keep a pay account and everytime it gets above x i deposit the amount it went over x to my savings account . 
  i 'm a student who 's only necessary expenses are 75 euro/month for insurance and my study . 
  for those expenses i have a 3th account where the insurance company and the uni take there fee from and where the government deposits my benefits . 
  at the moment i save over 50 % of my earnings , so at the moment it is n't necessary to change tactics . 
  but i realize that when my income and expenses become larger i would target savings instead of target spendings . 
  i bought my ram just now , while my new build is still 1-2 months away . 
  the ram i needed already went from 40e -  50e without me noticing , not going to risk spending even more . 
  they do n't . 
  as far i understand this is one of the songs on their yet-to-release album kveikur . 
  it will be released in juni . 
  thanks for your sportsmanship . 
  the joke was just to easy to not make him . 
  i like this . 
  you mean ` adopt a cat ' . 
  friend of my failed 4 times and when he tries the 5th time he had a consulation with a psycholist and got special training at the cbr . 
  last time i checked f1 was a team sport . 
  it only seems that vettel forgot that . 
  you monster . 
  now i can be happy again . 
  did you only watch the 2g1c trailer or the real movie ? 
  many people seem to think the trailer is the real deal . 
  my father had it 7 years ago and they told him it was all about drinking water . 
  then he got one last year , and they told him hydration had nothing to do with it ... 
  so i do n't think anyone really knows . 
  what i do know is that my grandfather got his first kidney stone around 45 years old , and my dad around 40 years old . 
  so now i 'm scared ... 
  i you asked a 100 girls , you maybe could get 1 . 
  it 's all in the big numbers . 
  every day is wwii day on til . 
  i really liked / r/f7u12 ( not anymore ) . 
  came for the comics , stayed for the others . 
  you 're already to late if something goes wrong and you are not live monitoring in the next room . 
  you could hire a babysitter with a agence if your so afraid something bad could happen . 
  fly a gliderplane . 
  you ca n't not love it . 
  you 're not the first person in the world to hire a baby sitter . 
  call a agency that has a good record and just interview the sitter they send . 
  if you leave your baby behind by someone on who you want to install a camera , you 're already making a big mistake . 
  it 's here job to do these kind of pictures , so he knew it would happen some day that he saw them . 
  my biggest fear is people being able to see how many times i looked up theire fb profile and looked at the pictures . 
  * vacation picture at dinner with family : 3x, 
  * vacation picure at the pool in bikini : 30x, 
  yeah ... 
  do n't forget local car blogs and magazines . 
  we know everything . 
  how many planes , their specs , which base , which base is being build , ... 
  do n't know how it works in us but here we have legal `` stores '' where you can go for free , legal advice . 
  i think that would be a more justified option most of the times . 
  do n't forget rape . 
  because you see them for at least 2 minutes in a 2 hour program ... last time i checked the argument people did n't like f1 was `` it 's boring '' , not `` i do n't support the use of gridgirls '' . 
  makes sense . 
  i think the track just hires a modeling agency . 
  i 'm not able to move 2 hour from my hometown , would mean that i 've to emigrate and learn a new language . 
  it 's 100 % longer . 
  i like the image of the whole space way more . 
  pretty good . 
  only have to pay 32 % and gov even pays education . 
  how do you stand towards the ac franchise ? 
  do you want to play from ac1 to end , do you have interest in the story , or is it just a game for fun ? 
  i simple did n't like ac : r and think ac3 was a downer . 
  however , gameplay wise ac3 has more fun things to do ( hunting , more exploring ) . 
  ac3 is better in every way . 
  if it 's going to be you 're first ac game i recommend ac2 . 
  it has less features and is n't that good with after-mq , but it was the ac which i had the most fun with . 
  ( hope i ai n't to late to the party ), 
  i want to run a 10mi in a couple months and zombies , run !, 
  sounds like a good way to spice up my runs , but i do n't know if i could combine it with something like sub-80min 10mi from runners world . 
  anyone with any experience with z , r !, 
  that can help me out ? 
  well , til . 
  and blind guardian could be named `` lotr theme songs '' , is a lot ( if not almost only ) lotr themed songs . 
  thank you , was really useful to me . 
  pretty sure people partied after hitler died . 
  and by using apps like alienblue who do n't support css .
