  to name a few that where put on death row and turned out to be innocent : damon thibodeaux , michael l. mccormick , joe d'ambrosio , robert springsteen , jonathon hoffman and many , many more . 
  i 've no idea what people are spoilering here . 
  could n't they just give the month + year it was released ? 
  get waterboarderd , trying to reveal your sources, 
  on the upside : yearly pay raise !, 
  lee was the one executing the order . 
  could n't indentify myself with the character at all . 
  very disapointed with the ending and that you need to play the dlc and psv version to get important information about the plot . 
  also , very buggy . 
  i had unbeatable enemies that kept glitching and was unable to use the people leaving in my town to create stuff for me . 
  it just has n't enough dept ( is that the correct word ? ) . 
  we almost now nothing about anything that 's going on . 
  and it is n't mysterious , but annoying . 
  do n't spread lies . 
  i 've never thought that this day would come . 
  no , it 's correct . 
  fuck you , amanda !, 
  not racism , culture . 
  that 's what they said 2 years ago . 
  so , according to belgium , it is n't a religion . 
  i read that it does n't make you stronger , only bigger . 
  but what about endurance ? 
  to me it seems you can do the same weight with more reps/use your strenght for a longer amount of time . 
  do you have any input on this ? 
  are you going to review this ? 
  do n't be afraid to switch gyms !, 
  you would n't go to the supermarket that does n't have the products you want . 
  you would n't go to a bar where you would n't feel welcome . 
  why would you go to a gym that does this ? 
  good to see i ai n't the only one using earphones because i love listening to music and not because i do n't want anybody to talk to me !, 
  saw the downvotes , did n't expect otherwise . 
  just saying i agree with you . 
  guns do n't end corruption . 
  guns do n't end rape . 
  guns do n't end people wanting power . 
  i just ca n't get used to it . 
  tried it a couple of weeks , but it just does n't work . 
  it 's a tablet os , not a pc os . 
  english version : [ link 1 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvdbdw5bxnq ), 
  swedish version without stereo-fuckup : [ link 2 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxzplixd8zu ), 
  i really like the swedish version , especially because i know the english lyrics . 
  now i can pretend to speak swedish when i listen to this . . 
  works both ways . 
  i can admit i was wrong , but do n't go on and on about it . 
  / r/deadbedrooms, 
  or something like that , ca n't search for it now . 
  he meant best europe, 
  just bringing democracy . 
  * have you been sentenced for this ? 
  * can you tell more about that terrorism . 
  have you been in contact with terrorist ? 
  from which group ? 
  damn , i miss those old spoilers . 
  why would we speak english ? 
  ooh , so . 
  almost every one speaks basic english . 
  to give you a idea : we start with english classes when we are 10 years old ( and most kids already know some by then ) and that goes on until we 're 16/17 . 
  i 've had english as a class for over 8 years and was able to introduce myself/count to 20/etc when i was 7 . 
  constitution of the kingdom of the netherlands, 
  chapter 1 fundamental rights, 
  article 1 [ equality ], 
  `` all persons in the netherlands shall be treated equally in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination on the grounds of religion , belief , political opinion , race , or sex or on any other grounds whatsoever shall not be permitted . '', 
  i think this is way more important . 
  freedom of speech allows people to denie other there freedom ( see everything with black people in the us pre-80 's ) . 
  we never had issues that big . 
  you do n't want to hire that person because he is black ? 
  here , get this fine . 
  you do n't want to marry gay people ? 
  here , get fired . 
  this does n't mean we do n't have freedom , it means everybody has freedom . 
  seperete store , swimmingpools and busses are unheard of . 
  and sometimes are 1st and 7th ( the freedom of expression ) collide . 
  sometimes in favor of the 1st ( if a government official refuses to marry homo 's he loses his job , it took us years to fight for that ) , sometimes in favor of the 7th . 
  i think that equality  freedom of expression . 
  without the first , you are going to denie people the second . 
  thanks to this believe , we never had a luther king . 
  it was n't necessary . 
  it 's not about being mean , it 's about your opinion denying other people there freedom and rights, 
  and it works pretty great , racism was never a really big issue . 
  unlike in the us . 
  i want to start with the last part , which is partly wrong . 
  our constitution is very big with around 150 articles . 
  it was to modernize him . 
  the concept has never changed ( expect adding more forms of media ) . 
  we removed the military service , so we had to remove it from the constitution . 
  we created an autority that helps you when you have a conflict with the government , and we had to add him to the constitution . 
  new formes of media where created , so we had to add him . 
  that 's wat the rewriting in 1983 was about . 
  nothing important had changed . 
  on the first part . 
  we are not trowing you in jail because you hate black people or something . 
  but when you start promoting that we should separate them , that homo 's ai n't human and should n't get the human rights , etc. 
  you have to face consequences . 
  our view on freedom is just completely different ( warning : history after this point ) . 
  the constitution was written in time after war . 
  the netherlands where a mess at the time with different groups fighting each other . 
  it took us 80 years to liberate us from the spanish crown , after that we fought each other because religion , and after that we got invaded by the france . 
  it took us more than 6 wars and 50 years to regain our freedom . 
  our history is one of war , as a result of discrimination based on religion and belief .
