  that 's not because they 're stupid , but because that they need to know so much that it takes 30 years ( not literally ) before they even learned what is needed to know . 
  wait , you ca n't even buy cigarettes in the us when you 're 16 ? 
  the netherlands . 
  thought that that was at least common in europe , but i 'm just reading about a lot of european countries that changed there 16 + policy to 18 + . 
  journey and dear esther . 
  the first one for the social part in the game . 
  it made me feel totally helpless and lost when i was one my one . 
  but when i played with a unknown buddy , it gave me the idea that everything was going to be fine . 
  when i lost my partner , i felt myself seriously happy when i found him again . 
  and dear esther is story-wise a very good game . 
  i see it more as a experimental game than a game that you play for fun ( does n't mean i did n't had fun ) . 
  i head that she told that . 
  but ca n't find the original source . 
  did you just throw a nokia in a plane ? 
  did you just throw a nokia in a plan !, 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  yeah , that 's what i tried to say . 
  it 's fun , but not like how cod is fun . 
  did you ever served a famous f1 guy that was just an asshole ? 
  any unexpected one ? 
  in the same way the titanic sucked for the passengers . 
  i think it 's more like `` since i already bought nba 2k12 on the ps3 , i also want to be able to download it on sen '' . 
  your example is more `` i 've bought the hardcover , so i also want the paperback '' . 
  is it really so hard to just say in the comments that it 's from 9gag ? 
  i 'm not bothered by posting this 9gag post on f7u12 , and the same the other way around . 
  but at least mention the original source if you did n't made it yourself . 
  i would disagree . 
  if his water source was on the left side of the road and his food source on the right side he had to cross the road for his basic needs . 
  that make that crossing the road was n't a random event . 
  against who ? 
  the seals ? 
  please do consider it . 
  one of my friends had done it a couple years ago . 
  he never had a issue anymore . 
  [ til ] ( http://sheriff.org/faqs/displayfaq.cfm?id=4f892698-5c5d-40f8-b159-c9a0b6ed66f3 ) that there is a difference . 
  `` follow certain rules '', 
  cause when robing a jewellery 's store you will not use machinery , under a circumstance . 
  i agree . 
  russia , china and brazil are not comparable to bahrain . 
  where those first countries are progressing towards a more open government , bahrain is n't changing . 
  human rights and economics are in russia/china/brazil still a problem , but compared to 15 years ago they made a huge leap forward . 
  in bahrain the opposite is happening . 
  there is way more violence against civilians and the difference between poor/rich is n't changed ( maybe even bigger , but i do n't have the numbers now ) . 
  the finish-russian war ended the day hayha revived from his coma ( or he was `` just '' unconscious after his head being blowed up ) . 
  this ca n't be coincidence . 
  you should sent this to bungie . 
  its one of the best things a artist can hear from a gamer . 
  no , why would we ? 
  the parents are responsible to decide what games their kids can play and which one not , with a little help from the ratings . 
  every child is different . 
  i played gta sa when i was only 13 years old , and i ai n't influenced in any way . 
  however , i would n't let my little brother ( currently 13 ) play it . 
  he can be influenced way more easier . 
  every kid is different . 
  and it 's not that something magic happens when you turn 18 that makes you immune against influence . 
  some kids can handle aggression . 
  some kids do n't . 
  i 'm just stunned by nvsocr7 comment to you . 
  he completely lays the eli5 concept off as useless . 
  he just makes fun of ( f ? ), 
  it and gets more then a 100 upvotes in doing so . 
  and in my opinion , the eli15 explanation is useless . 
  i 've had 12 years of biology , but i do n't understand a single word of what he says . 
  in this case , it 's because i 've learned it in a other english and had to look up the translations . 
  people in western countries . 
  they wo n't go to the streets when there governments screw them over . 
  the government can take rights away and invade your privacy , but no one cares . 
  in a best case scenario , some people that actually are directly influenced by the measures the gov 's take go to the streets for a couple hours and some people click the `` like '' button on a anti-xxx page . 
  houdini wanted him to do that . 
  being punched really hard in the stomach was 1 of houdini 's `` acts '' . 
  the student asked he could do it , and houdini gave him permission . 
  houdini stood up to prepare himself and the student punched houdini before he was 100 % ready . 
  you drink mouthwash ? 
  i would say he is sane . 
  he did not committed this murder for a religion , but against one . 
  in his eye 's he was protecting his country . 
  i think that he can be put in the same box as hitler . 
  protecting the country from the evil religion . 
  he ( breivik ) was n't insane . 
  he 's genius . 
  but he lost his `` real '' logic and replaced it with his logic . 
  in his eyes , the muslims are taking over europe . 
  and what does everybody about it ? 
  they are watching how europe is starting to burn . 
  breivik stated that some day , we all will see that he was right . 
  he analyzed the events happening europe . 
  he read about politics . 
  he wrote a 1500 pages long manuscript about his views . 
  it was his meinkampf . 
  also , i do n't think committing murder out off religion means you are ( in ) sane per see . 
  i think that most people agree ( non-american ) agree that bin laden was sane . 
  but being sane does n't mean you ai n't a madmen . 
  when you hear voices in your head that tell you to murder some on you are insane ( for example ) . 
  and that 's not the case . 
  yes , i think the fact that his action were based on religious motives makes him easier to view sane . 
  when you murder someone , you always have a motive . 
  you maybe do n't have a motive why you murdered that person , but you do have a motive why you murdered someone . 
  his reasons are political . 
  and his political view is connected to religion . 
  european is in danger off being overrun by the evil islam .
