  i assume that when you bought your tickets at the same time and with the same airliner your luggage would just be put on the other plane and that when you change airliner of bought the tickets separately you need to pick up your baggage and hand it over to the assistant ? 
  f1 teams also need cocks and truck drivers . 
  except that grosjean and kimi where on the same level last year with grosjean being clearly the better finisher in the second halve . 
  if i remember correctly , steve matchett tells in `` the mechanic 's tale '' about his friendship with the truck driver which drove the truck with his equipment . 
  never , because reselling your online games is a stupid idea . 
  the product you self did n't lose more value than that same game bought new . 
  it has no benefit for the buyer and is worse for the developer . 
  do n't act like consumers are some gods that stand above the needs of creators . 
  a better question would be why the games on steam are so expensive . 
  a lot of times it 's cheaper to buy a game that 's on steam in store and activate it in your account . 
  to be fair . 
  if the plane was scheduled to fly from a to b and back a couple hours later , it would need to fly anyway . 
  planes also need to be somewhere sometimes . 
  it seems that they just do n't want to listen to music . 
  `` it 's popular ? 
  only because it 's really bad and the record companies put a lot of money in it !! '', 
  `` it 's not well known ? 
  only because it 's bad ! '' . 
  it just seems that they go to / r/music ( or wherever this shot was taken ) so that they can feel comfortable complaining about music they know . 
  and when they are introduced to music they do n't know they get scared , because apparently they are n't the music snobs they always thought to be . 
  ugh , hate it when that happens . 
  thanks for posting it . 
  would have missed it otherwise . 
  learning how to play is free . 
  [ justinguitar ] ( http://www.justinguitar.com/en/bc-000-beginnerscourse.php ) has a whole beginners course and much more if you want . 
  he 's seen as a god on / r/guitar . 
  it 's the go-to response if someone asks where to go to start learning guitar . 
  also , rocksmith . 
  on pc you have custom tracks on the internet and you can use the cable in other software . 
  so you could use the cable to actually record you playing . 
  like i said in an other comment :, 
  learning how to play is free . 
  [ justinguitar ] ( http://www.justinguitar.com/en/bc-000-beginnerscourse.php ) has a whole beginners course and much more if you want . 
  he 's seen as a god on / r/guitar . 
  it 's the go-to response if someone asks where to go to start learning guitar . 
  he recommends practicing 4/5 times a week with sessions around 15 minutes . 
  just try it for a week or 2 . 
  if you do n't like it , nothings lost . 
  and it 's rocksmith that made me pickup guitar again after quiting a couple years ago . 
  i do n't really see it as practicing my guitar , i see it as becoming better at the game . 
  and while i do that i become better at the guitar . 
  i love it and use it when i just want to play around a bit . 
  like i said in an other comment :, 
  learning how to play is free . 
  [ justinguitar ] ( http://www.justinguitar.com/en/bc-000-beginnerscourse.php ) has a whole beginners course and much more if you want . 
  he 's seen as a god on / r/guitar . 
  it 's the go-to response if someone asks where to go to start learning guitar . 
  he recommends practicing 4/5 times a week with sessions around 15 minutes . 
  just try it for a week or 2 . 
  if you do n't like it , nothings lost . 
  and it 's rocksmith that made me pickup guitar again after quiting a couple years ago . 
  i do n't really see it as practicing my guitar , i see it as becoming better at the game . 
  and while i do that i become better at the guitar . 
  i love it and use it when i just want to play around a bit . 
  i only needed it playing classical guitar . 
  i can see it making a lot possible . 
  like the other guy said , it 's pretty often used on ultimate guitar . 
  kn\u00e4k\u00ebbro\u00f6d, 
  you 're disgusting . 
  also : we have more places then amsterdam . 
  i would choose the hague/utrecht and sighting in the maasvlakte a dozen times over visiting amsterdam . 
  he just has his imgur in the wrong setting if he ca n't scroll down the album . 
  sending him one . 
  it would only take 3-6 work days , sop i hope it comes on time . 
  i just have a different song for every alarm . 
  2 alarms 4-6 times a week . 
  now we have other fairs . 
  name an article and there is a fair for it . 
  good argumentation . 
  yes . 
  cons :, 
  * the government violates the rights of there citizens . 
  they slaughter free speech . 
  they have a history blocking site from pastebin to wikileaks to youtube . 
  in 2010 they even blocked google docs , google translate , etc. 
  at the time they went from blocing youtube to unblocking to blocking it in a mater of weeks , because a video of the turkish pm that was on yt . 
  they 're 154th on the world press freedom index !, 
  from the 179 on the list , they 're 154 . 
  the bottom 25 . 
  they should n't be allowed in the eu . 
  i think there is no point in having an union at all if we do n't use it to protect human rights , which turkey is violating . 
  and even if they would solve there censorship and corruption problems , we already had a lot of new members in the last year . 
  better integrate them first . 
  and even when we have done that , turkey would get way to much power in the eu . 
  i think we should remodel the current way of governing the eu when turkey wants to enter . 
  we already made a huge mistake with taking hungary , let 's not do something like that again . 
  sir , all the hamsters just died . 
  as someone who is n't a sniper , how would the commander help him with his aim ? 
  at least the last bullet point is bullshit . 
  it 's a potential / r/badhistory post in itself . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties#total_deaths ) wikipedia article there are between 60-85 million death . 
  it seems that about 1/3th who died are military , 1/3th civilians death thanks to military actions/crimes and 1/3th civilian death thanks to war related famine and disease . 
  that totals 2/3th civilians dead , of which 1/3th did n't die `` killed at eyesight '' . 
  so that makes it < 33 % , or 22-30 million when looking at the numbers in the table . 
  at then subtract the people who died by bombings , accidents , etc. . . 
  it 's way , way lower . 
   you walk toward an armed cop with knives in your hand ignoring warnings , you die . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i generally do n't like cops but this guy did nothing wrong . 
  what .
