  it just happened again . 
  i miss him ... i think olav and tom kolonel would make the perfect commentator couple . 
  the monaco race is on 25/5/14 , where the fe monaco race is on 9/5/15 . 
  it 's still possible . 
  those 5 beers they get that day sure does that ... 
  it 's not like you can walk up to a official and say `` ey , i 'm an addict so give me beer '' . 
  it 's for those who failed traditional treatment . 
  we could just sent them away , or keep an eye out on them . 
  the worst idea would be sending them out on there own after failing rehab . 
  we are at least trying to keep an eye out for them and support them when traditional treatments fail . 
  it 's 5 beers in the entire day ... 
  if you are an alcoholic that ca n't take 5 beers in a 12 hour period ( 2 at breakfast , 2 at lunch and 1 after work ) you have more deeper issues . 
  it 's not like they would n't be able to get 5 beers if this program was n't there . 
  and this is n't done by a government agency , but by a non profit . 
  this is n't what is happening . 
  they ai n't walking on the street drinking beers . 
  the government does n't associate with this at all . 
  traditional treatment does n't work for everyone . 
  do you want to force them in the same clinic for the 4th time and just hope this time a miracle will happen ? 
  or give them the choice of 3 days/week work while being paid in 5 beer and some cash , with someone watching over them ? 
  from a discussion about this in / r/netherlands ( translated ) :, 
   i know someone who has been in a clinic 3 times and also quited 3 times . 
  it maybe sound harsh , but for people like this there is n't much hope left on improvement . 
  alcoholism is a horrible disease , not everyone is able to recover from it . 
  in situations like this , this program can provide a possible solution . 
   yes , it 's enabling . 
  you could put someone in a clinic for the 4th time and hope it will work this time , but the facilities have limited space . 
  in cases like this your best bet would be giving that spot to someone who has a bigger change of healing . 
   now those people have supervision , a source of income and a level of independency that they would n't have in the clinic or on the street . 
  they also try to reduce the amount of alcohol . 
  it 's a risky project , but i think it 's good that amsterdam tries to give those people some stability . 
  [ source comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/netherlands/comments/1qz6u2/amsterdam_pays_alcoholics_in_beer_to_clean/cdi0od5 ), 
  that does n't mean anything at all . 
  or they will take up a space of someone that did n't have treatment yet . 
  and what do you want to do ? 
  force them to do it a 3/4/5th time ? 
  we can watch over them and try again later . 
  `` there 's still a change '' is n't good enough . 
  almost every program like this is sponsored . 
  that does n't make it a big issue or anything . 
  the sponsoring could have been approved by an overly eager intern . 
  no one cares about the actual labor . 
  there is n't a shortage or anything . 
  now those people have supervision , a source of income and a level of independency that they would n't have in the clinic or on the street . 
  they also try to reduce the amount of alcohol ( 5 beers/day is n't that much for the people in this program ) . 
  the participants them self are quoted in the article saying that they would n't even be in the program if it was n't for the beer . 
  you think that it 's a replacement of treatment . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's a temporally solution to a problem that is n't solvable at the moment . 
  they are treated , it did n't work . 
  is it really that hard to understand that not every single person in the entire world reacts the same to treatment ? 
  they have supervision . 
  the entire day they just do the job . 
  it 's a volunteer program . 
  go donate a couple million if you like , maybe then they 're able to give them minimum wage . 
  they ai n't anyones employees . 
  they could threat 2 persons or 10 with the same money . 
  very effective . 
  they have more structure , they go buy the beer . 
  it is n't meant to heal them . 
  how cute . 
  you really seem to believe that there is a magical solution that heals everyone from this . 
  it is n't a job . 
  it 's volunteer work with some pay . 
  it 's to give structure . 
  there is n't a company of some sort behind it that let them work . 
  one . 
  cares . 
  they could watch paint dry and achieve the same . 
  the job is n't the goal . 
  the third quote , it says he has more structure . 
  none of those others disprove that they get more structure of it . 
  instead of being in the bar those days , they go to their `` job '' . 
  some one would profit from it if they would replace the normal work force . 
  they do n't . 
  it 's like you going to the park and picking up empty cans . 
  you 're not helping anyone . 
  no cleaner is going home earlier . 
  it just happened again . 
  i 'm sure if my math teacher would let me and the others write a essay about something straight from a kinder garden class `` making friends '' i would do the same . 
  for all he know the molesting uncle threatened to kill her , or do worse things to the kid . 
  you really base justifying someones dead on a 1000 word story ? 
  me doing the same does n't suddenly make it right . 
  til things like domestic abuse does n't exist because `` they are fucking adults '' ... 
  i just do n't get the point . 
  washington was a terrorist , resistance fighters during ww2 were terrorists , etc. 
  i thought the us loved the thought of over throwing a government , with their love for the 2nd amendment . 
  good the see that armchair psychologist are still employed . 
  your comment is exactly the opposite of/not related to what the psychologist is saying , but never mind that . 
  do not , i repeat , do not expect that you suddenly have way more confidence . 
  it depends on person to person how they react . 
  do n't drink to find your limit when drinking for the first time and while being at a classy party . 
  the v8 super car driver . 
  those do n't exist . 
  it just happens pretty often . 
  regular media would never reported this true story thanks to pressure by disney [ smal ] tm [ / small ] . 
  that 's why she went to the internet with it . 
  come on , we all know what he means ... 
  still stupid , but making fun of that is more believable . 
  why ?
