  and your counteradvice is ? 
  no one involved in this situation was at war . 
  he is a murderer . 
  you can join multiple crews , right ? 
  so when i join this crew , i still would be able to join a crew with rl friends ? 
  propably from playing gta . 
  cupido hates him !, 
  it is . 
  it 's law there . 
  and not a long forgotten one , but one that 's actively enforced . 
  i should do that . 
  do n't do it . 
  it 's one of the most dangerous thing you can do as a hobby and it takes years of training . 
  not regulair diving , but real training . 
  you can buy second handed gear for a good price . 
  it mainly depends on where you live . 
  no , but 90s kids could n't read them yet . 
  alright , i joined to crew . 
  however , was n't able to play online yet . 
  just so you know , i 'm from the gmt +1 area . 
  why did you became a tw ? 
  i ca n't see that job being fun ( no offense ) . 
  or kmph, 
  i think around 2 dollars . 
  what 's wcgw ? 
  there was n't . 
  dips on first seat !, 
  i partly disagree . 
  if he became first , then yes . 
  but he really battled his way through . 
  that would be stupid . 
  if rbr can do it , so can others . 
  social circle = / = friends, 
  i heard it was n't that good . 
  til, 
  wait ... how does it work ? 
  over here when you ask for a beer you will get the pils that the bar has a contract with . 
  that 's went completely as expected . 
  i do n't even get how that makes sense . 
  here is a guy , who had reasons to start poaching . 
  killing him wo n't take the reasons he 's doing this away . 
  i those reasons stay in existence he will just be replaced by an other guy . 
  i think it was yuri . 
  exept that there is no evidence at all . 
  hundreds of them die being tortured , raped and murdered dozens of them no one will ever know about . 
  or he wanted to write a short piece but twitter cuts of after 140 characters . 
  at least once a day . 
  yeah , me neither . 
  i 'm not commenting . 
  iirc from / r/europe , it 's less then minimum wage , so there 's that . 
  you 're right !, 
  we did x so russia is allowed to do y. 
  ooh wait , this is n't kindergarden ... 
  i 'm worried about my health , lets ask reddit \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  i see you never did it on a track . 
  on that level it 's more bodywork then training in the car . 
  i did it on accident and you ca n't change it back through a normal way . 
  had to change my gmail name to a fake name and change it back to my real name , then i got the selection screen again . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what 's going on ? 
  that does n't mean there is n't a story created around it . 
  but do n't you masturbate ? 
  for me thats seems like eating a tiny bit of chocalate . 
  how 's that for you . 
  i was 8 and i remember it like it was yesterday ( non-us ) . 
  do the same thing for this week . 
  quality of subs can change very dramaticly . 
  it 's really intresting how they deal with things like discrimination , suicide and death in general . 
  that shit can hit you by surprise . 
  `` by far the most important industry on the planet '', 
  so why where they making to much ? 
  actors has been mentioned many times . 
  and yes . 
  it is . 
  i know i can trust myself with a gun , i do n't know that about you . 
  til no one in the us will go to their neighbours when in need . 
  seriously , what the fuck . 
  i live in the netherlands and always , always open the door . 
  does n't matter if it 's 2am or 5pm . 
  how does the type of knocking relate to what i said ? 
  to help the neighbor or give money to the fundraiser ? 
  you 're paranoid, 
  my own word ai n't confusing me . 
  judging if you are going to open the door on base of the knock is just retarded ( can see why you do it ) . 
  you could n't possible knock in a different way . 
  oh my god , you just almost hurt my feelings . 
  saying i should be on the short bus . 
  you expect not opening the door would stop anyone who wants to enter ? 
  that depends on who you ask . 
  andy weir wrote [ short story ] ( http://www.galactanet.com/oneoff/theegg_mod.html ) . 
  we can not know what will happen to his character . 
  we actually talk about the weather . 
  you do n't have anything to say ? 
  just talk about the weather and you 'll be fine . 
  exept they were n't in a home . 
  it where fisherman fishing . 
  this article/title is uninformative to say the least . 
  we ( the netherlands ) are not throwing heroine packages at addicts for free . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you need to be at least 25 years old , be addicted to heroine for at least 5 years and live in the same municipality for 3 years .
