  well , you got me there . 
  such a good reply . 
  your mother would be proud . 
  i assume it took you at least a couple hours to come up with that ? 
  not really . 
  if you make a lot of miles , you probably drive a lot on the highway . 
  which is were you 're less likely to get in an accident , let alone a fatal one . 
  not really . 
  you 're limiting yourself way to much when you 're only looking at the speed . 
  coalitions in the side and head-on are much , much more dangerous then back-front . 
  the last is basically the only one to happen on the highway . 
  same for the netherlands . 
  still analogue on the cable . 
  look up the source and you know . 
  why do you think that ? 
  did you actually look at the source or does the map just does n't complete with your worldview ? 
  edit :, 
  to be clear , i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but just saying `` this is bullshit '' is n't that convincing . 
  do n't you think you 're a bit overreacting ? 
  it was n't much better at all 5-8 years ago . 
  thanks for your contribution . 
  it really convinced a lot of people . 
  no , people saying that are a joke . 
  it 's always the same shit . 
  when people disagree with them it 's always `` i just have a opinion you guys just anti-circlejerk about ! . 
  fuck , what a whiny little bitch you are . 
  different people up/downvote different thing , who would have thought . 
  then why reply so someone talking about penalties . 
  seriously ? 
  one downvote and already complaining about it ? 
  must be a record . 
  the protein chef on youtube has some great recipes . 
  changing out peanut butter will make things tougher , but it is n't impossible . 
  i do n't have the numbers at hand , but i believe oats are your best bet . 
  only if you start threatening people and punch them in the face . 
  yes , it keeps happening . 
  to me it seems like a / r/fitness only problem . 
  i also see that the older threads do n't have this problem . 
  in terms of total square miles . 
  in terms of % you guys are [ 144th ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_use_statistics_by_country ) . 
  because you read the source and that said `` we hate non-us/eu countries '' ? 
  you 're dumb as fuck . 
  especially if you start talking about race . 
  in the v8 era i was able to hear the engines half a hour drive away from spa , now i ca n't even hear them when they 're a couple corners away . 
  it took away a lot of the real life experience . 
  i really do n't understand why he is n't banned . 
  it seems like there are multiple guys behind the account . 
  edit :, 
  so were the other power users last year , but they got banned . 
  no shit . 
  is het intern ? 
   gemixed & geletterd, 
  fyi , `` zij is langen slank '' is n't an existing phrase . 
  did you made it up as an example or is there some misunderstanding we can clarify ? 
  alright , that makes sense . 
  at first i though that you tried to say `` zij is langer slank '' , which would be a weird typo . 
  did they actually told you that when you contacted them ? 
  that actually surprises me . 
  you could try kontrast in alphen a/d rijn , north of gouda . 
  [ their site ] ( http://www.kontrastverkeersopleidingen.nl/ ) says they also go to gouda , and they do provide instructions in english . 
  i used them i got my car license and my motorcycle license , it 's a great team . 
  i have the exact opposite reaction to the ah . 
  it was a great workplace and i look back on a great time there with friendly management that was always looking out for you . 
  i would recommend it to everyone . 
  i have to admit it was the netherlands . 
  yet i assume it works the same in belgium , with every ah being a completely different story . 
  i had this experience , but a friend ( who worked at a different ah ) had the same experience as you . 
  this has nothing to do with ah corporate , but with local management . 
  sometimes you win the lottery , sometimes it 's horrible . 
  you do n't know until you try . 
  [ here an older one . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1qkkwb/iama_queens_guard_i_stand_outside_buckingham/ ), 
  i know someone who has a small firm that does this . 
  they get on board before they enter the dangerous areas after they exited it . 
  they 're roughly 2 weeks on the ship with 2 heavily armed man . 
  yes , they need to search the entire ship . 
  when you read the dutch news articles you learn that they did that . 
  not sure why people are telling you something else . 
  they found 10 pirates . 
  so at least 10 people . 
  the event from the beginning of the pirates boarding to ship until the marines arresting them all took around 4 hours . 
  the crew was able to hide in the bunker . 
  no , our cups are smaller . 
  yes , the map is horrible . 
  why would they do that ? 
  that makes no sense and would only worsen their case . 
  no more hostages to care about , why even consider paying ransom and not go in guns blazing ? 
  alles en iedereen rent . 
  totale chaos . 
  what would jimmy hendrix do ? 
  could n't you just see which sub is 501th ? 
  the problem is n't really that she 's fired , but the communication around it . 
  there were many ama 's lined up for the next hours/days , but the mods have ( had ) no way anymore to contact the one performing a ama . 
  that they lost their contact point in reddit inc also was n't communicated first . 
  it was figured out when a mod tried to contact her , but was unable to . 
  this still is n't really the problem , but it is the problem that let the bucket overflow . 
   catchy, 
  dus ijsland it is . 
  you can just say that you have no idea how these monarchies actually work . 
  now you just look like a fool .
