  and he did , but last time i checked it went offline . 
  now i ca n't remember the site anymore , so i ca n't check again ... 
  it 's down voting posts like this ( -3 atm ) ... 
  why would they want to stone me ? 
  inside the fence is the property of the mall/office building and outside is n't . 
  that 's the name of a short youtube serie . 
  edit :, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj8il9muyac&amp;hd=1 ) to the series ( 7 episodes , total of 12 minutes ) . 
  this is wrong . 
  ground temperature is different then what you hear on the news . 
  iirc it was part of the intro of sony 's conference at e3 a couple years ago . 
  in the netherlands your parents stop being financial responsible for you and your actions . 
  even so , 21 seems to be a lot more significant then 20 . 
  i also dreamed about them going together . 
  him being a watchdog , her finding food and shelter , etc. 
  i really did n't saw it coming . 
  it 's like after having all trust in your fellow being lost , you finally found someone who you could trust . 
  and then bam . 
  i knew it would die , but this ... 
  i played catch with you , you ungrateful dog !, 
  i do n't think he will . 
  every time you had to choose person a vs person b the person you choose to let live died 1 or 2 episodes later . 
  i picked pete because nick has ammo . 
  that simple . 
  make him die a couple minutes later , getting some answers on what happened . 
  telltale have an other game with a bunny ( or cat ? ), 
  and a dog , where the dog is called sam . 
  i thought someone shot 2 arrows at him at first . 
  he did n't go to a school that did that . 
  he learned about it when doing a project about it . 
  agree . 
  and the first question is very badly worded . 
  i do agree that threatening language should be regulated , but disagree for offensive language ( little more complicated in reality , but on my phone ) . 
  for me there is n't a good option . 
  they could do that . 
  now it has to be within 3 laps after the penalty is given . 
  accidents happen . 
  when did he say that people ai n't allowed ? 
  it 's his choice to not interact with people that sexualize his daughter . 
  you ca n't do that in your own home . 
  this you can . 
  she went to a public place and cutter herself , instead of in her own home . 
  it 's not more then being selfish and seeking attention . 
  you 're not allowed to say that !, 
  even though it 's true ... 
  that were them all i think . 
  there !, 
  what would you do without it ? 
  true , but it never has been this way . 
  it should n't take logitech profiler 2 minutes to start up and it never did . 
  i tried disabling the non-essential start up programs in msconfig and only start up 1 program , but that did n't matter . 
  so his comment is completely relevant . 
  who made that point where ? 
  it 's about not having the television repeating the 5 1st amendments repeatedly for 30 years , almost every night that makes this situation . 
  this has been posted before ( on / r/conspiratard i think ) and someone made a template of it . 
  there were some hilarious results . 
  anyone has a link to the post ? 
  except the blue sega logo , it 's a awesome trophy . 
  i wonder , why did you screencap it ? 
  the line for signatures start here people !, 
  the shaggy dog and the `` going steady '' seems to be rights . 
  i love the / r/imaginary-family . 
  just stumbled upon them . 
  some of them do seem a bit . . weird . 
  i would say that monsters are already pretty imaginary . 
  i know , but since there is n't a `` main '' imaginary sub i could n't really link to one . 
  options . 
  you are if they hit you . 
  they do n't have that many games that would create a clusterfuck of 12 different games on the front page and since none of them get a sequel or a lot of dlc ( b2s will be the exception i think ) the game specific sub tends to die . 
  i will adjust myself a bit , but i wish death upon you and your family if you make me almost hit you . 
  but walking on the side when there is no sidewalk or when the sidewalk is bad maintained is accepted . 
  iirc it existed long before it came to reddit . 
  someone could make a comic , just about that . 
  most of them are going wayyyy to fast . 
  and i do n't see what goes on with the clutch ? 
  not possible . 
  it just happened again . 
  it 's how you call someone who dives a diver , how someone who footballs a footballer and how you some who works in the garden a gardener . 
  non of those terms `` separates '' you from the world , it 's just a way of identifying yourself . 
  you really believe that ? 
  it 's like that in most places . 
  magic . 
  or get scouted by a team . 
  or just have fun and start in a local racing class . 
  do n't know where you 're from , but you could start as a navigator for a local rally team . 
  or get into autocross . 
  the review in the magazine/on the website was much more informative . 
  come on guys , no need to down vote someone for not getting the joke and trying to help the parent commenter ... 
  you 're retarded . 
  he never said that the us sucks , he said it where numbers of 2 different systems that where being compared . 
  so it make sense that the numbers seem off . 
  it 's like saying `` well , i do n't get that the kidnapper got 5 years . 
  they cut of your hand when you steal something . '' . 
  except the one is in canada and the other is in saudi . 
  `` ugh , i ca n't think of something to say . 
  quick , make fun of his typing errors ! '', 
  this is true . 
  the first invasion of the orange was against duke alva , who was appointed the land lord of the netherlands , not against the king of spain . 
  the eighty years ' war article on the dutch wiki is really good in explaining things . 
  it is .
