  the dogs are already let out . 
  does n't sound like a very safe distance then . 
  so work can be done on the car during a 5s penalty ? 
  i assume the 5 seconds go in when no one is working on the car ? 
  no , not really . 
  it 's very hard to unionise jobs like that . 
  people doing jobs like that are usually only in it for a couple years . 
  thanks for mentioning . 
  no one knows about the human right situation in bahrain . 
  note that this does n't tell the whole story . 
  i live in the netherlands and thanks to funding that every student gets ( to some degree , depending on your parents income ) i only pay 500eur per year . 
  you get a lot more for those higher taxes then just education . 
  depends on which day you ask . 
  today nothing happens , tomorrow people want a loan system and next week we 're back at where we are now . 
  no , they did n't . 
  there was a lot of talking , but nothing has happened yet . 
  the government pays a substantial part upfront . 
  thanks to that , you only have to pay 1700 ( -1800 ) a year . 
  that 's called `` college geld '' . 
  the government gives you a loan of 100eur each month ( the `` basisbeurs '' ) . 
  in addition to that you can get a `` aanvullende beurs '' , which you get when your parents make under a x amount of money a year . 
  this can be up to 240eur a month . 
  both of these are loans , that will be turned into a gift if you get your degree within 10 years . 
  so you get this loan , but do n't have to pay it back . 
  it works the same with free public transport . 
  you loan it , and get it gifted when you graduate . 
  in addition to that , you can actually loan up to 295eur ( + what you did n't take from the aanvullende beurs ) at a 0,8 % interest rate . 
  this loan is meant to help you buy food and stuff . 
  you also have `` collegekredietgeld '' , which if meant for your college geld . 
  this is a loan up to 155eur a month . 
  to sum it op , the basis beurs , aanvullende beurs and studenten ov are loans that become a gift after you graduate within 10 years . 
  the lening and collegekredietgeld are not . 
  2014/2015 study natuur - en sterrenkunde on the uva would cost 1.906 eur . 
  the 1700 figure was outdated ( 14/15 will already be 100eur more expensive then 13/14 ) . 
  you should check with the university you want to go or duo to see how it works precisely . 
  as far as i know you get 3 years of stufi for you bachelor and x year for your master . 
  x is how long your master is supposed to be . 
  source : [ university of utrecht ] ( http://www.uu.nl/nl/informatie/studenten/geldzaken/studiefinanciering/pages/hoelanghebjerechtopstudiefinanciering.aspx ), 
  2 dollars still would be cheap . 
  classical internet radio . 
  / r/photocritique, 
  people who want feedback on the pictures they took . 
  as a / r/motorsports lurker , it was horrible to see those people show up in the announcement of the racing team . 
  check the top posts of / r/motorsports and / r/iama . 
  on / r/iama it 's called `` we are game creators '' or something , since there where multiple people doing the iama, 
  for hbo and wo age does n't matter . 
  for mbo you have to be 18 years old to get stufi , but that 's a different system . 
  i agree . 
  would completely state the opposite . 
  it 's the kind of thing that made me love himym in the beginning . 
  agree . 
  when i saw that tracy started dying i just thought it was really clich\u00e9 . 
  we already had a divorce , which you do n't see happen that often in series ending . 
  her dead just seemed really forced and unoriginal . 
  i have to disagree . 
  i see why you would think that , but it makes sense that we love marshals dad more . 
  we 've known him longer then tracy , we saw him battle the dead , we saw marshals grieve . 
  he was a lot longer than tracy a part of the story . 
  and i was able to identify it with my own father eventually dying , where i have n't met someone like tracy in my life . 
  come on , it 's that . 
  he does n't know about tl ; dr. 
  within 24 hours this is already the top post of all time . 
  normally i 'm not a big fan of the e30 , but this looks stunning . 
  would n't even call 3-4 years aged . 
  frank williams in the pitbox . 
  he seems a lot les alive then he did last year . 
  1 leg at the time . 
  ers probably is n't charged when getting in . 
  with how many comments you post here , you 're basically our private english broadcaster . 
  and ricciardo got a 2 points and maldonado a 3 points penalty . 
  or just go to one of the dozens of other leagues . 
  makes me think . 
  how many drivers would we need to get all the races covered ? 
  and how would that be accomplished ? 
  and get instantly poor . 
  the monthly fee is one , but you need to buy a lot of tracks to just compete in one of the championships . 
  you ca n't just start making up penalties . 
  the penalty already needs to exist in the rule book . 
  and you do mean ... ? 
  this was very amusing to me . 
  if i remember correctly you could only us them a couple times . 
  maybe you should n't go into a post that 's about the story of the last episode if you do n't want spoilers ... 
  could n't you selfemploy and work from home ? 
  i completely disagree with this . 
  what for the people who fought against the spanish dictator in the spanish civil ? 
  there are dozens of examples to think of . 
  you ca n't make laws just when they suit your opinion . 
  would we have to take away the passports of the resistance fighters who fought on german ground ? 
  fighting for an other country is n't treason . 
  otherwise we would n't have any turkish , swiss or israeli population left . 
  treason of state is an out fashioned idea . 
  what if we would get a rebellion ? 
  who would be the traitors ? 
  those who fight for the people , or those who fight for the government ? 
  the one is a traitor to the citizens and the other to the nation . 
  in my opinion , this issue is way more complicated that then `` terrorist or freedom fighter '' dilemma . 
  if they fought for terrorist organisations that we classify as so , i would agree . 
  but that 's already punishable . 
  if your are a part of the military and fight for a army that fights ours , i would agree . 
  but that 's already punishable .
