  i hope that he will wake up one more time so you can see him one more time with his eyes open . 
  when i was about 4 year old i was playing outside with my friends , next to a river . 
  but as a good old 4 year old , i felt in the river . 
  there was about 30-40cm ( 11-16inch ) water and underneath that just a big mud pool . 
  i got stuck and could n't get out anymore on my own strength . 
  but a 65 year old man jumped into the water and pulled me out . 
  fuck you for making me sad . 
  no , it wouldn \u00b4 t litterly be historic . 
  maybe for the next 10 years , but not for hundreds of years . 
  thanks for those 2 tips , at first i tried reading the faq but i felt just totally overwhelmed with information . 
  in the netherlands it 's legal to download movies , music and books . 
  so tpb offers more legal downloads then illegal . 
  i was n't shocked , since i thought that vader was a english word that meant `` father '' . 
  than report it , but do n't complain in the comics when 10 others already did that . 
  the government is against this decision of the judge . 
  if ziggo and xs4all lose the higher appeal there will be a law past that makes it impossible to force a isp to block a website . 
  if you can do that , you ai n't depressed but just whining . 
  and they support pipa . 
  and not all there division oppose sopa . 
  do you think prostitution should be legalized ? 
  you hear wong about it . 
  mu was by most frequent users used to upload large files ( raw photos , private video 's , etc ) . 
  and for that you had to pay , after a couple gb . 
  and imagine you are a video editor , and you find a video on mu where you own the copyright off . 
  than you can just mail mu , and within 3 ours ( literally ) the video is offline . 
   it was our duty . 
  made me feel like a total bad-ass . 
  i think you have a misinterpretation on whats going one . 
  i 'll start with sopa : it 's not a law yet . 
  it 's a concept for a law that still needs to be voted on . 
  but for a long time is seemed like most of the congressman would support sopa . 
  and do n't forget that almost every entertainment company supports sopa ( that explains why congressman support sopa ) . 
  but now the tide has turned against sopa . 
  my second point is that megaupload had nothing to do with sopa . 
  2 years ago , the fbi started a investigation against mu . 
  now that investigation is finished and they are charged with :, 
  * conspiracy to commit racketeering, 
  * conspiracy to commit copyright infringement, 
  * conspiracy to commit money laundering, 
  * criminal copyright infringement, 
  in fact , mu did none of those things . 
  in the early days of mu that maybe did the last one , but now they got a great service that protects copyright . 
  you can just mail them , and within a few hours the file will be offline . 
  so this has nothing to do with sopa or mu . 
  side note : i 'm not very good informed about the mu take down ( compared to what there is to know ) . 
  but i think i got it wright . 
  damn , you mum has stupid friends if they do n't even know if her husband is dead or not . 
  cause the hacker said so . 
  til, 
  thanks for the tips . 
  for now i 've enough to read . 
  i 've also bough the book `` european union for dummies '' ( dutch : europese unie voor dummies ) , that received good ratings . 
  i feel the same pain as you bro . 
  bromance ? 
  outside the us , you do n't need a cc to survive . 
  never used a cc in my life . 
  in addition to lift weighting : i would recommend krav maga . 
  from wikipedia :, 
  krav maga is a noncompetitive eclectic self-defense system developed in israel that involves striking techniques , wrestling and grappling . 
  krav maga is known for its focus on real-world situations and extremely efficient , brutal counter-attacks . 
  guys , just stop . 
  a black guy already answered a similair iwtl :, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iwanttolearn/comments/l4447/iwtl_how_to_dance_with_a_girl_in_a_club/c2pp0m0 ), 
  in other words : juggling . 
  megaupload is n't tagt as a criminal organization . 
  that means that download from them is n't illegal . 
  and even if they where a criminal organization , there is n't a law that says you ca n't download files from the a site that 's owned by a a co. 
  if that would be illegal , you could get arrested for just going to the site . 
  when you visit a site , you download the files that are on the server . 
  and you open those files in your webbrowser . 
  because the negotiations where held in secret . 
  only a couple of months ago , the final version of acta was published . 
  no , it 's the last one . 
  what 's wrong with my post ? 
  mu is n't a criminal organization , and when you just visit the site you already download files . 
  yeah , that totally answered my question . 
  res tagged . 
  and that you even didn \u00b4 t told us who she is :(, 
  of course after he invaded everything between russia and poland . 
  after the germans kicked the russians out of eastern poland and had tried to invade finland . 
  yeah , that iwtl guitar/language x questions that pops up every day are far more useful ... 
  that 's very impressive . 
  krav maga was `` invented '' when bruce lee ( the inventor of jkd ) was only 10 years old . 
  i have to say i partly disagree with your last sentence . 
  no , a vaccine won \u00b4 t cause autism . 
  but when the doctor screws up the injection itself you can suffer significant brain damage . 
  the son of a colleague of my had to get a injection for some lame-ass disease and now he 's just retarded . 
  his real age is 12 , but mentally he is only 4/5 years old . 
  i 'm not saying that you now should n't get any vaccine , only that injections can be dangerous . 
  `` 50 % of the money that 's going to the military in 2012 has to go to the education system '', 
  only better formulated . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  the only thing we can do is yell very loudly for a couple of days , and than do n't care anymore ( brandon , anyone ? 
  so we did what everybody did at that time ? 
  if you do n't have internet access , you ca n't fill the documents needed to get a. . . uitkering ( english word , anyone ? 
  money you got from the government when you ca n't work ? ) . 
  and this only one example . 
  you have the same problem with some energy suppliers . 
   but , most importantly , kammler was head of an actual antigravity project known as `` die glocke '' ( or the bell ) . 
  more and more evidence suggests that kammler did not die at the end of the war , and he may have escaped with this device .
