  whoa ... 
  please , only give me the name of the show . 
  not giving a description totally makes sense . 
  i know where shows i do n't know yet are about . 
  seriously , 95 % of the posts are '' [ name ] , and the top child comment `` i love that show too ! '' . 
  how should one find new shows like that ? 
  til there is a part in our brain that decides if we 're going to throw up or not !!, 
  no shit ... 
  hey , a sub i do n't care about !, 
  i do n't see what the problem is . 
  it is n't from a / r/til post . 
  yes . 
  did i win ? 
  no , he was the first to go to space . 
  i have a hard time believing that part . 
  maybe a long shot , but could you help me a minute ? 
  i 'm stuck at ( i think ) the ending . 
  i 've everything on the map ( except the swamp ) , have over 10.000 wood/48 .000 fur/20 .000 meat and completely upgraded the village , but do n't know what to do next . 
  how do i get the jewel ? 
  i read something through google about getting a locked , but do n't know what they mean . 
  and how does the ship fly ? 
  i assume that becomes clear when i talk to the guy in the swamp ? 
  i also have 32 alien alloy and i think i need that to fix the ship . 
  but how ? 
  double checked and i 've builded everything . 
  i also do n't have a '' ! '', 
  anywhere in the interface . 
  i remember their being one by `` cart wood '' , but it 's gone now . 
  except that i 'm kinda stuck , i love the game . 
  would have definitely bought it . 
  we all had to learn it . 
  and the earth is in the middle of the solar system , because people proofed that in the 15th century !, 
  thank you . 
  never thought about the compass . 
  i still had 1 mine left , but i thought i already went there . 
  supporting artists . 
  and then i 'm not talking about madonna whatever celebrity every person on the planet knows , but the smaller bands . 
  you do n't go for a check up every 6 months ? 
  misread that as dentist . 
  there is n't anything like that in the book . 
  that 's just a excuse to pirate . 
  do you have any source at all to believe that only 5 cent of every dollar go to the artist ? 
  and i think you would be lying if you told me that you bought merchandise from every artist you listen to or went to a concerts of every single on of those artists . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2011/11/how-musicians-really-make-money-in-one-long-graph/249267/ ) blog you 're way overreacting and just trying to make up excuses to pirate . 
  i already thought something like that . 
  i 've only read the book ( yet ) and could n't figure out who radagast or the blue wizards were . 
  was n't sure if i just forget them being mentioned or they if they were n't mentioned . 
  did n't you know that protesting is the same as voting ? 
  to be a valid protest more than 50 % of the entire population needs to be in kiev . 
  or start with the smaller group to test if the protocol works . 
  an armoured reconnaissance officer . 
  they had a couple cars with that on top gear and every time it works horrible . 
  you 're unable to reach anything . 
  except that is n't a discussion but stating that you have different opinions . 
  there is n't a single spot on my back that i ca n't reach . 
  checkmate !, 
  this was my first experience with a text based game , so i did n't really know what to expect . 
  i really liked the game , poured more than 6 hours into it . 
  i only missed a story . 
  do n't know if that 's how text based games `` work '' , but i never had the feeling that something was happening . 
  i just did my chorus , explored the world , finished the game . 
  since you study history , what about the liberation of texel ? 
  it seemed that the other allies just forgot about it and the canadians had to come in to help the georgians kick german ass . 
  because staying here would make it so much easier to broadcast radio oranje and co-rule/help the government in exile . 
  would n't gb doing this be more in line with the stereotypes ? 
  so they could do what they did ? 
  they did live in exile . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  like we could have done anything . 
  now we we 're able to keep our fleet under allie control , not collaborate with the germans and support the allies through scotland . 
  it would be a dumb and unnecessary risk to take . 
  we had n't . 
  the pedophile organisation wanted to start one , but were shut down . 
  do n't try to redirect the spotlight , jij belg !, 
  there still will be elections , so what 's the problem ? 
  2 of them even are `` weird facts '' accounts ... 
   fox would convince the rest of the world, 
  thanks for reminding me that there ai n't any news agencies outside the us . 
  and the season events where the only way to make real money and get xp . 
  what would take you 2 hours in normal event would take 10-20 minutes in se . 
  this ai n't erotic pictures . 
  it 's a joke, 
  reddit shuffles vote . 
  there ai n't that many people that have down voted this post . 
  the only number that is correct is the sum of the up/down votes . 
  and even that is n't true with posts that get a lot of up votes . 
  we did n't get the president by requesting him . 
  he came here to promote his campaign . 
  it was n't like he saw a request and decided it was a good idea to do an iama . 
  and now they were n't . 
  and it was n't just posting the photo , it was how / r/topgear users started making sex jokes in a clarkson-way ( `` that are the best tits ... in the wooorld '' ) . 
  her reason to have sex is because she 's hot , his reason is that he just wants to . 
  perfect logic . 
  just let her rot away . 
  she was a danger to others , refused to cooperate , refused/wasn ' t able to id herself , refused the ticked and resisted going to the police station . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  www.iamexpat.nl and the / r/netherlands sidebar have a lot of information ( and a lot of posts are about moving here , just use the search ) . 
  and the sp had the lead last elections . 
  just look what came from that . 
  the pvv is n't doing anything at the moment ( not creating motions , not really engaging in debates , not a lot in the news ) , so i would be surprised if this actually would happen .
