  he owns multiple companies , does television commentaries , gives speeches , is in ads and gets paid for being a professional racing driver . 
  this fine really is n't that harsh . 
  it 's just as informative as the first comment , neither of them provide any sources . 
  people just like the first answer better . 
  it really is awesome . 
  probably every single smartphone in my country ( the netherlands ) has it . 
  i almost exclusively talk with friends in groups . 
  planning a vacation ? 
  just add everyone that goes along in a group . 
  festival ? 
  same thing . 
  there are 1 billion apple products active worldwide . 
  1 billion is a bigger number then 60 million . 
  apple does n't only depend on apple music and can use money they make in other divison , while spotify only has their music streaming . 
  jup , just check their [ ceo 's twittertimeline ] ( https://twitter.com/maxciociola/timelines/736460228074602496 ) and [ page ] ( https://twitter.com/maxciociola ) . 
  sales tax '' . 
  done . 
  in advertising . 
  not in the prices in the store . 
  the way they use playlists is great for me . 
  if i was n't on / r/spotify i probably would n't even notice 90 % of the problems mentioned here , and i would n't find the remaining 10 % nearly as annoying . 
  especially since the competition is n't better or even causes some of the problems . 
  is n't nearly the entire asian population lactose intolerant ? 
  since there are billions of people there , that would explain most of them . 
  yes , it does . 
  or it 's supposed to work . 
  while it has great features , it literally lists every artist i 've ever listened to and there 's no easy way do delete them all . 
  and that 's a bit much . 
  i do n't now the works behind it , i only know it does . 
  and while you can do that , i 've logged more then 1500 artists in last.fm through spotify , so it takes more then just a minute or so . 
  and if i do that , it would still pull all the new artists i only listen to ones . 
  and with discovery weekly and listening to a couple new playlists each week , it would add up fast . 
  i do n't follow any artists , since the function on spotify never worked proper for me and they got put in the same list as my friends . 
  now i removed almost every artist , and it seems to not add any artists automatically . 
  which is fine by me , if the system really works `` if you listened to it once '' . 
  i do n't even recognize most of those names . 
  dus alles was nat . 
  `` no shows tomorrow '' is een term die iedereen toch wel moet kennen . 
  en dat is kut . 
  go big or go home is een beetje m 'n motto . 
  yes please :( . 
  just like the comics !, 
  that 's weird , since you are allowed to take pictures . 
  you just are n't allowed to sell them for profit . 
  [ lego is zelfs goedkoper geworden ] ( https://flowingdata.com/2013/02/07/analysis-of-lego-brick-prices-over-the-years/ ) . 
  nee , hij is geen conducteur . 
  then you take on from the bench , and they ca n't bench . 
  and my gym does n't . 
  sorry mate , do n't have any spare spots . 
  of course it wo n't nullify your 3 months . 
  why would that happen ? 
  even if he has that kind of data , i do n't see how you can do that . 
  it would take 6 days to upload that kind of data on a 1gb/s connection . 
  deze uploaden ze dan ook hun [ youtube kanaal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc8ytcq5-kr3aqauwyuk1sig/videos ) . 
  if you 're a no-show you have to pay for 1 night . 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  it was also the case 2 years ago . 
  as someone who did n't follow pokemon go or the beta closely , you brook my heart . 
  every place outdoors is supposed to hear them . 
  it warns you to go inside , so you wo n't need to hear it when you 're already inside . 
  you 're already doing what you should do . 
  and every month there are a couple air horns that do n't work as intended , so that 's why the test are monthly . 
  they do n't work as intended , which is something different as ` not at all ' . 
  then there is an unintended delay of the signal and the alarm goes to late . 
  punching them in the face would make doctors hate you . 
  dat kan ook met de reddit new comments highlighter addon . 
  de lonen hier zijn wel conform minimum loon . 
  pok\u00e9mon go is uit , heuj !, 
  do we now how much meters a footstep is ? 
  the introduction guide here says `` no footprints , less than 10m ; 1 footprint , 10m to 25m ; 2 footprints , 25m to 50m ; 3 footprints , 50m to 100m '' . 
  however , [ serebii ] ( http://www.serebii.net/pokemongo/capture.shtml ) that 3 footprints means that the pok\u00e9mon is approximately within 1km . 
  100m and 1km is quite the difference . 
  thanks mate !, 
  how is this spam ? 
  as in that everyone is valor or that no one is valor is the city ? 
  the news stops reporting about an event when there is no news about that event ? 
  who would have thought . 
  i agree . 
  say that you are only allowed to trade locally . 
  with who are you able to trade then ? 
  with the people that live in the same geographical area as you and that would have the same pokemon . 
  is nu gokken welke emoji welke is . 
  just call it interval training . 
  if my memory service me right , creatine increases dht levels . 
  this can correlates with hair loss . 
  for most of the population , this is n't a problem . 
  however , if balding at an early age is common in your family , sensitivity to high dht levels is probably a part of the cause for this . 
  pok\u00e9mon spawn points are also based on ingress locations . 
  if you look at the intel map , you 'll see locations that have a lot of activity but no portals . 
  last week the theory was that these locations became spawn points . 
  works in my experience , and i have n't seen an other theory yet or one that debunks this . 
  say for a second that 's it on you , then i do n't see why you have to paid for the unpaid bills of the landlord . 
  if there were additional costs thanks to you not forwarding the post , i can see him wanting you to pay those additional costs . 
  paying the full bill seems a bit much . 
  i do n't mean an actual portal , those became pokestops and gyms . 
  i 'm talking about just clumps of data on the map . 
  it seems to be inline with using ingress data . 
  use the biggest portals as gyms , smaller ones as pokestop and the clumps of data that are to small to be a portal spawn points . 
  how many more people are actually playing it ? 
  those who wanted already were playing trough the apk .
