  someone post that / r/askreddit threat about stories of people who were featured on that sub . 
  it was really depressing to see how low people can be to other human beings for minding their own business and having fun . 
  je punt ? 
  de dienstplicht vereiste heel , heel veel resources . 
  do n't say that the loud , the navy might hear you . 
  just find a training plan online and entire it manually as a workout . 
  it 's about them working when necessary . 
  that 's the same anywhere in the world . 
  ac/dc decides what happens during the concert . 
  the us/finland/gongo would have the same show . 
  i agree with you about the first season . 
  i have to say that i liked the first part of season 1 a lot . 
  just some secret organisation kicking alien/superhuman ass all over the world . 
  problem was it was very episodic . 
  that 's fun for a couple episodes , but the lack of real progress in an overall story will catch up eventually . 
  doh , the walking dead . 
  dat is al een groot percentage om in te leveren . 
  and it 's an ( in ) famous incident . 
  only if you enable that function . 
  adblock is already getting paid 2 years for not blocking certain content . 
  i liked the movie too , but there is no need to start offending people . 
  `` you where incapable of enjoying people '', 
  do you even have eyes to read ? 
  and yes , of course i know what 's going on . 
  but it wo n't matter shit of they have the interview or random-pro-south-korea-propaganda '' that `` gets over the border on a weekly basis . 
  then how should i word it ? 
  `` you being incapable of enjoying it '' is n't exactly the nicest thing to say . 
  they would not refer to it as university , but that 's because we use the word with a different meaning . 
  a hbo is an university of applied science . 
   everyone they rode past cheered as they caught up, 
  sure that happened . 
  they 're used a lot ( exclusively ? ), 
  in the city utrecht . 
  finally figured out where the frisians really came from . 
  love the story !, 
  only think that was a bit unclear to me was the destruction of the city . 
  our city is burning , so how is it concluded that the door opens towards the demon world ? 
  he 's saying that it 's sad that someone had to die before they matured up . 
  it would 've been better if they did that from the start . 
  cash ? 
  dat is raar . 
  because it 's the dumbest idea ever . 
  they would only get in the way of the real military that dedicated their lives to get trained enough to fulfil their function . 
  how anyone can support forcing their citizens to join the military or face jailtime is beyond me . 
  ieder land in de top 10 is wat gedaald . 
  no , just not at all . 
  i thought it was funny . 
  funnier then those 10 comments making fun of a humanitarian and political disaster . 
  and somehow imitating the accent was funny and not racist ... 
  yes , we saw the crew . 
  i do n't remember seeing the robot . 
  all answers always suck in posts like this . 
  no one explains any opinions whatsoever . 
  take the op , he 's making a really , really bold statement . 
  explanation ? 
  of course not !, 
  and most of the posts are also opinions that are not unpopular at all . 
  and what after his time in the military ? 
  or does he plan to stay there until he 's 60 ? 
  we dislike them ? 
  it 's seen as stupid to use it as your only source , did n't think that / r/movies really disliked imdb . 
  alright then , my mistake . 
  i thought the first one was fine , but i disliked the character of michael . 
  his fathers story and character was a lot more interesting . 
  it 's why i only enjoyed halve of the godfather ii movie . 
  probably like [ this ] ( https://www.icheckmovies.com/lists/reddit+top+250/ ) . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  every western country says that about himself . 
  the lapdog part . 
  we are not lapdogs of the us , we are part of international alliances which come with duties . 
  we are free to decide how we employ our military . 
  going to mali , turkey , sudan and somalia has nothing to do with the us and afghanistan was a huge , international operation with dozens of countries . 
  no , he recommended it because it sucks ... 
  it 's not , it 's up to the military . 
  very few 40 + year olds work in the military . 
  those who do work mostly in administrative functions , higher functions or less demanding functions . 
  that 's why he should have an idea for what afterwards . 
  i forgive you . 
  he went slow . 
  those slow letters are even meant for the entry left of him , not for oncoming traffic . 
  it 's km/h . 
  which makes 30mph . 
  a car could stand somewhere for a hour if he wanted , it 's not like he magically would see trough objects . 
  the car should have gone way slower , yes . 
  but you ca n't suddenly see by waiting for some time . 
  it also seems that the car did n't fully drive , but only aligned his car . 
  he did n't even go that fast . 
  the slow letters are not meant for the oncoming traffic at all , but for the blind corner to the left . 
  if the military gives you the option . 
  the first time probably will happen , but i 'm talking about the real long term . 
  what over 12-14 years ? 
  no it would n't . 
  there are cinemas where they do n't sell alcohol ? 
  yes , 125.000 stops world hunger and gives everyone a house . 
  i wish i could say that that 's the dumbest thing i 've ever heard . 
  you can say the same thing about almost every luxury product and event ever . 
  the oscars also cost millions of dollars to host , yet i do n't hear you complain about that . 
  seriously , what 's going on ? 
  why did you pick out this action and not the thousands of other `` moneywasters '' that happen ever second . 
  then why bother commenting on this and not on things that actually cost a lot of money ?
