  she 's moving to groningen , not leiden . 
  he 's just not that good with flags . 
  we would totally give you guys limburg if you guys would have helped us annex those german parts . 
  i never see a commercial for rexona aimed at woman , only promotion for rexona for men . 
  the comments were that the catherham f1 car was slower ten their gp2 car and that the gp2 cars now are within a couple seconds lap time when qualifying . 
  i agree , the differences is way to small . 
  that 's what you mean right ? 
  since one is a race class that costs roughly 10 million usd a year max and the other 100 easily . 
  you do n't want to bulldozer some houses ? 
  meh , i think it 's weird to have 1.5 h between moments . 
  for me it said 9.30 , 11.00 and 12.30 . 
  now it 's 11.30 , i ca n't imagine waiting another hour before falling asleep would benefit me . 
  not really , i do n't care about podcasts . 
  i enjoy stuff likes mays man lab way more . 
  yeah , it 's not like legal systems exists to punish people like him . 
  good idea !, 
  this checks out . 
  i assumed he 's going to rape her later on . 
  he is n't . 
  webber seems okay , the porsche team is looking relieved . 
  do n't know about the ferrari . 
  would be 80e/g vs 20e/g . 
  maybe the dealer found it on the street ( to give it a name ) and decided himself it we cocaine . 
  dnm ? 
  i did n't even know so many christmas song existed . 
  then it would n't be the orginal post . 
  i think he meant that you normally finish college at 23 ( or something ) , but he finished college at 20 . 
  that game released more then 4 years ago . 
  you ca n't expect people to keep things secret for you for 4 years . 
  it 's your responsibility , not ours . 
  and somalia , nigeria , sudan and countries like these in those regions . 
  almost everyone does . 
  i would n't know of any of those words are either british or american . 
  omdat tennis passieloos is . 
  mom - colour - counterclockwise - authorise - center - cheque, 
  make of it what you want . 
   fairly, 
  not . 
  motivation is easy . 
  it 's useless and you ca n't rely on it . 
  it 's discipline that you need . 
  not waiting around until you feel like running . 
  never heard of him . 
  that joke also does n't make any sense . 
  how can you compare the number of twitter followers with the team performance ? 
  i do n't follow it , but drifting is freaking huge in japan . 
  which country are you from ? 
  just a thought , i do n't know if that 's a good idea . 
  i assume most are on spotify and that you could just state which are n't on there . 
  then i could just listen to those that ai n't on spotify now and listen to the playlist later on . 
  huh ? 
  when you want to buy a 14.000 + dollar bike , you 'll demand a test ride . 
  do n't give him the attention , he tries to troll and be funny . 
  just check his history . 
  he tried to say that it does n't seem unrealistic , what a lot of people do suggest . 
  it 's not possible someone posted this on facebook . 
  that 's a bullshit excuse . 
  around 2 years ago some guy on / r/askreddit told that he would create an actual useful search function , and did !, 
  the reddit search function is just way to compact and he was able to solve it by adding a lot more options and information . 
  sadly , it went offline after a couple months . 
  nice weather is also weather !, 
  huh ? 
  this is not the case in alphen a/d rijn . 
  nationaliteit ? 
  huh ? 
  i know what i 'm going to do when i get home . 
  everything . 
  entering the gate , finding my seat , be excited when i 'm able to get the window seat . 
  sit down , prepare me mentally for being in a whole other country in 2-6 hours . 
  the taxi to the runway , talking with the person next to me about the flight to come . 
  the power you feel when we start accelerating , the entire plane shaking and then suddenly , peace . 
  lift off . 
  we start climbing , making a turn to go to the right direction . 
  i see my already small country gets smaller every second . 
  then we stabilise and just freaking fly !, 
  then taking out my laptop or ereader , watching a movie or reading a book . 
  look out the window every couple minutes , every time being dozens of miles further . 
  see how the polder landscape turns into mountains , into sea , into small islands , into desert ... 
  then we start slowly descending . 
  i put my stuff away and concentrate on the landing . 
  feeling the turn , descending faster , levelling out , one last correction and we get closer and closer . 
  see the runway appear you , feel the clap of landing , shake shake shake . 
  feel the forces of braking on you . 
  come to almost a full stop , know that you land in an other country , far away from home . 
  really on vacation . 
  taxi to the gate , stop . 
  take hand luggage out of the rack , walk to the front of the plane , give a `` thank you , good bye '' to the stewardesses , exit the plane . 
  and you 're somewhere else . 
  maybe it 's 6 hours away by car , maybe 60 . 
  i love it . 
  i love flying . 
  i enjoyed every single flight i 've been on . 
  sure , i had long delays . 
  sure , i had crying baby 's and shitty seating . 
  but i do n't care . 
  i 'm flying !, 
  sometimes for less then 50 euro 's . 
  doing something that 120 years ago would be deemed impossible . 
  seriously ? 
  this is more then a small fuck up .
