  and that from this single picture ? 
  upvotes to you sir . 
  i 'm trying to get into `` simple '' amateur rocket , any tips for non-usa folks ? 
  a good kit to use ? 
  book to read ? 
  and what to read when i want to get more into it ? 
  netherlands : i can do hookers and drugs . 
  not sure if sarcastic ? 
  if not , then why does n't the us have one of the lowest crime rates ? 
  contact the police and go to a psychologist ( even if it is only a consultation ) . 
  thanks to your step-dad ( according to your story ) , someone lost his son . 
  that 's one of the worst thing a human being can overcome . 
  it 's not your fault the guy went missing , it 's your step-dads . 
  teenage pregnancy is a relative common thing this day . 
  you do not kill the guy that made your daughter pregnant . 
  especially when your only source is your daughter . 
  but if your did n't / do n't ) go to the police , i will blame you for this case being unsolved ( if it is ) . 
  do it as soon as possible ( and then i 'm not talking about tomorrow but in the next hour ) . 
  to you it maybe seems irrelevant information , but to the police it 's a person with a motive . 
  i just use foxyproxy and added a set of rules for '' *thepiratebay.org / * '' and '' * thepiratebay.se / * '' to go through a proxy from the list on hidemyass . 
  depending on your definition of `` kid '' , almost every kid knows . 
  since i was 12 we used proxies all the time to bypass the schools firewall . 
  normally , yes . 
  it 's a very good way to notice if someone is looking at you . 
  but i does n't really work when they ai n't facing you . 
  no worries , there truly is a subreddit for everything . 
  i could recommend browsing / r/bodylanguage . 
  i 'm not an expert on body language , but there are some very useful info graphics that just give you a very basic understanding of body language . 
  not really . 
  83 % of the posters here would die in the first week . 
  the other 17 % the week after . 
  we think we could survive , but we ca n't . 
  nobody here has enough knowledge to survive in the wild . 
  this . 
  i think that was more shocking that the fraud . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  the planet of the autobots, 
  c. gigabit is with computers ( even when you do n't know the difference between gb and gb you would think it 's something with computers ), 
  d. i can imagine that you do n't know what a `` mole '' is , but nano is very , very small . 
   how is it any different ? 
  we breed them so that we can eat them . 
  we ai n't breeding whales . 
  then why did he only cough at the right answer ? 
  if he/she had only coughed once during any other time then when the right answer was said , i could doubt the decision . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  people were upset . 
  but you do n't feed a troll . 
  it 's not like he cared about it , so you do n't give him attention . 
  there where some people who tried to reason , but he said `` it 's not that i care '' . 
  so instead of wasting time , people just stoped reacting . 
  holy crap !, 
  that 's a lot of cash . 
  which languages/specializations do you speak to be able to pull that of ? 
  i thought we had 112 for that . 
  freedom of speech is something different than just yelling crap and discriminating people . 
  why do n't you answers op question ? 
  instead of doing so , you are trying to be the victim and call us on out love for the nation and free speech . 
  but now sony and other publishers already took the first steps to locking pre-owned games with the online pass . 
  as non-american , i want to thank op for taking action and jim webb for responding to you . 
  us drinking age . 
  seriously , what the fack ? 
  so it 's okay to drive a car at 16 , but oh no if you take a beer when you 're 20 !, 
  i do n't even can grape that concept . 
  so first you learn how to drive a car , and then you learn where your limits are on alcohol ? 
  hire a lawyer . 
  let him/her fix it . 
  no , you 're not . 
  you 're comparing a biological choice to reproduce a better offspring to a financial choice . 
  if the roles where turned and the man would to it for financial choice and the women for the looks , my opinion on this matter does n't change . 
  sorry , my mistake . 
  i misread the op 's post . 
  some retarded kid that wants us all to die because otherwise the machines kill us . 
  not a tradition in the netherlands , and as far as i know not a tradition in belgium and germany either . 
  we just give a nice wedding gift . 
  res -  ui -  inline image viewer -  hidensfw on ( < - not sure about this one ), 
  something like this ? 
  they did . 
  not because of this , but because kpn and t-mobile ( 2 isps ) would get the same judge as in the ziggo and xs4all case . 
  but it got rejected . 
  + there lawyers suck . 
  the judge is clearly incapable to do this kind of cases , and brein is taking advantage of that . 
  example :, 
  judge : `` so you are also uploading when you 're downloading ? '', 
  but the defense lawyer did n't object . 
  even though the lawyer of brein was wrong . 
  ex-user here . 
  worked for me and did n't note anything you just described . 
  i think it would be worth a shot . 
  awesome program . 
  use it to sync my documents and my pictures ( except holiday and wallpaper pictures ) . 
  non-uk here , what 's forum ? 
  thank you both for this . 
  it \u00b4 s how torrents work . 
  but breins lawyer stated that when you download , you also upload . 
  there is not choice . 
  and this is not true . 
  since downloading is legal in the netherlands , this is a very important issue . 
  we pay taxes that allow us to download , but we ain \u00b4 t allowed to upload . 
  so when brein convinces the judge that there is no other way than uploading the content you downloaded , it would make tpb illegal . 
  but note again , we pay taxes that allow us to download .
