  if it 's not working out for you , go see a psychologist . 
  you were talking about suicide , do n't do that . 
  i lost the mentor i had as little kid that way , and it teared me up . 
  i think he even did n't realize how much he meant to me . 
  you do n't have to go 4 times a week to that guy , but just do a intake . 
  use them as a coach if necessary . 
  what 's going on in botswana and mozambique ? 
  they have laws to prohibit discrimination on base of sexual orientation , but you can be imprisoned up to 14 years when you 're gay ? 
  every german below 65 can speak english . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i hope you can get yourself out of this . 
  yesterday i received my drivings license !, 
  took me 6 months , but got it in 1 try . 
  i 'm the first of my friends who pulled that off . 
  a friend of my decided to quit trying after failing 4 times and a other friend failed 1 time before he got it . 
  you ended a mans life . 
  that 's hard on your mind , even when it 's self defense . 
  i do n't think it is ( in the netherlands ) . 
  see was on a site ( a part of the site ) that was 18 + , and she said she was 18 + . 
  then another rule stated that all the posts must be 18 + , and she broke that rule to . 
  i thought i was looking at a 18 + year old , since the rules stated that you had to be 18 + and since they was no reason to think she was a minor ( she did n't look like a 12 year old ) , i think you would have a strong case defending yourself . 
  however , there has been 1 record of somebody who was convicted . 
  he had a program that automatically searched adult site 's for images , and in his collection of 14.000 images where there 33 underage pornographically pictures . 
  but he also had illegal weapons and was in possession of 1700 illegal pills . 
  dealing those pills would give him 8 years imprisoning , but he only got 1.5 years . 
  so i think that he is found guilty of having illegal arms , illegal pills and possessing child pornography , but is only jailed for the arms and the pills . 
  source on that ? 
  sounds like bullshit to me . 
  why would that be their only 2 choices ? 
  he only lied in the second scenario . 
  they could go back in time when voldemort gained power the first time and kill him . 
  so what 's up with district 3 ? 
  or does n't district 3 exist ? 
  that 's not what i meant at all i think ? 
  the first wizarding war started in 1970 . 
  why did n't the aurors from that time go back a couple weeks before the war started and killed him . 
  i think that changing the history for a couple of weeks is worth preventing 12 years of war . 
  i remember the last couple of levels . 
  from halfway through the game i played with the same companion , and it was one of my greatest game experiences ever . 
  i once fell of a building , and he waited there . 
  i was faster than him with grinding down the tunnel , and i waited for him . 
  in the last level , we could n't find each other . 
  it gave me a feeling of panic . 
  i was so emotionally attached to my companion that losing him made me actually feel lonely . 
  and the feeling of sweet relief when i found him was just surreal . 
  to me , journey was one of the greatest game experiences of my life . 
  i never thought that a game would made me so emotionally touched by it . 
  how much they screw me over when i buy the game . 
  no drm of drm that only require a serial code ? 
  i will buy it . 
  always-on drm ? 
  i will pirate it . 
  sometimes i pirate because there is n't a demo available . 
  with far cry 2 for example . 
  it turned out that i did n't like the game , so i did n't bought it . 
  i also did this with world in conflict , but it turned out i did like the game . 
  so i bought the game . 
  and in some cases i pirate to check for bugs . 
  i downloaded gta iv for the pc a couple days after it was released and it was unplayable , so i did n't buy it . 
  and sometimes for the money savings . 
  i do that with fsx addons . 
  i have fsx gold , but i download the graphic and plane addons . 
  those can cost 40/50/60 buck for a single addon , and than i have 3 of them . 
  since i 'm do n't play fsx that often , so i 'm not going to spent 180 bucks on addons that i only use twice a month . 
  that 's because he 's a comedian . 
  theoatmeal already has responded to some commentery on his blog . 
  how come that nascar has such a great distance ? 
  do they have really long races every couple days or something ? 
  they clearly see him as their master . 
  he should take advantage of that . 
  i 'll call in a friend who is a expert in shops . 
  he can tell me more . 
  `` it 's called the barking dog ( aptly titled because it sort of sounds like a barking dog ) . 
  * you can see it here * . 
  i like it because it makes a bang . 
  i like explosions . '', 
  where ? 
  it \u00b4 s not a very exiting race , but it \u00b4 s a beautiful race . 
  it \u00b4 s so different than the other racetracks . 
  it \u00b4 s very small and with very tight corners . 
  you can \u00b4 t make a mistake . 
  there ain \u00b4 t a lot of overtakes , but it requires so much skill to go fast and not hit the sides of the track . 
  a small part from the list of games i 'm looking forward to :, 
  ( note : the release dates can be outdated, 
  * ghost recon : future soldier ( pc : 14/06 ), 
  * sniper elite v2 ( 31/05 ), 
  * the secret world ( 19/06 ), 
  * damage inc. ( 28/08 ), 
  * carrier command : gaea mission ( 27/09 ), 
  * hitman : absolution ( 20/11 ), 
  tba :, 
  * cryzone : sector 23, 
  * end of nations, 
  * fortnite, 
  * the last gardian, 
  * the last of us, 
  * tom clancy 's rainbow 6 : patriots, 
  * xcom, 
  and i still have a huge list of games that are already released but i still want to play ( lotr : war in the north , world in conflict : modern warfare ( wic mod ) , red orchestra 2 , dear esther , birds of steel ... ), 
  like i said somewhere else :,
