  you 're just laying words in my mouth . 
  i did n't say anything about donating being wrong . 
  nor do i believe that the parent commenter wants to change things by complaining online , he was just answering the question . 
  i think you 're overestimating the impact res tagging has . 
  no one thinks that . 
  this map does n't necessarily mean that they voted against the us in the other cases , right ? 
  it says `` voted with the us '' , so withholding and neutral votes still would be in the numbers , but not with the us . 
  edit :, 
  is een tikfout . 
  no , it 's not . 
  we ( dutch ) classify 30 + temps as tropical and rare . 
  no one is blaming the game itself . 
  i 'm interested . 
  even though we belong to the same kingdom , you do n't hear to much about the caribbean . 
  he was just sad he was n't able to kill such a small animal and wanted you to do it for him . 
  his whining was the sound of defeat . 
  we hebben ook geen fox news of cnn . 
  baconreader on android is able to hide the spoilers , i do n't see why alienblue would n't . 
  i disagree . 
  other reddit readers made it possible to hide those spoilers , why would n't alienblue invest some time in it ? 
  what 's your tweak called ? 
  when did i say i prefer baconreader ? 
  and where did i say that baconreader on in ios ? 
  yes , it would be easier , but it is n't the case . 
  i really do n't think that there are 20 different systems being used , it 's just that ab only supports one . 
  and let that be the one that almost no sub uses . 
  thank you, 
  it supports the site . 
  what ? 
  the pink power ranger is seriously hot . 
  your mother knew exactly what to get you . 
  is there a live blog i can follow ? 
  do n't have wifi here and do n't want to kill my data bundle . 
  thanks mate, 
  zegt de fries  . 
  plug to / r/formulae, 
  we 're gon na need that private on / r/counting, 
  the entire mod system is just wrong . 
  even at smaller subs you 'll see mods who have 20 + subs in their portfolio . 
  and the mod who has been mod on the sub the longest has the most power , this literally made subreddits die out ( looking at you , / r/netherlands ) . 
  except that op did specify a governmental body , the us government . 
  so he 's asking , in his example , about the us . 
  yes , it 's on the front page on this sub . 
  the fourth post or something, 
  you would . 
  payment does n't necessarily means a money exchange . 
  you would be paid in housing and food . 
  on public roads ? 
  do you have any source on that whatsoever ? 
  but a dashcam is n't a stationary camera . 
  it 's literally what engelfriets says . 
  the law is meant for cameras on stationary locations , like on buildings . 
  he addresses the stationary issue by saying it should n't be a problem . 
  it already started in the second minute . 
  i agree on you with the gear , but if the tire blows he 'll endanger other road users . 
  i could see what your getting at , but most seem to make jokes about the tire , the shoe-shadow or his shirt . 
  i 've never , ever seen a mod mention this and there is n't anything about it in the sidebar . 
  do you have any proof or something for that ? 
  no , it does not . 
  hence the the hague invasion act . 
  you can also remove after flight . 
  edit : non-mobile link :, 
  did n't you read any comment in this post or something ? 
  not op , but i think that he should be banned longer since it 's his third time doing this . 
  he is a danger to other players and there is no sign that he wo n't do it again . 
  he already was banned for 6 games and for 10 games before , but that did n't change his behaviour . 
  plug to / r/good _ cop_free_donut , the opposite sub, 
  we do n't know . 
  toba questioned about this picture how we know it did n't happen ( stepping out of character ) and then told his/her story . 
  all 5 reviewers also seem to have bought the key with the idea to not forget the key when leaving their bike/atv , 
  know that stormfront has huge interest in the reddit community . 
  they see it as a possible breeding ground . 
  / r/europe sometimes really has issues with them . 
  plus note that anonymity , selection bias and emotional responses can really fuel racism . 
  this is no longer really the case . 
  now the country codes are embed in the number plates . 
  the only situations i 'm familiar with is using it on caravans and cars that are newly imported and still needs new plates . 
  never had your television on or something ? 
  i 'm not from the us either , but gangs like the bloods , cribs and gangcolors are widely known . 
  you must be new . 
  it 's ok , we can always just build a province in the north sea . 
  so he does n't get double karma . 
  every country gets shit on in some way . 
  no , it 's horrible . 
  it keeps refreshing the image . 
  so when it finally refreshes to an acceptable translation , it disappears again in 1/5 second or something . 
  you guys were n't easy . 
  i had multiple small hart attacks the last 2 hours . 
  was a fun game to watch . 
  good game . 
  pretty sure wwii started thanks to a dutch caravan holding hitler up on his vacation in the swiss mountains when he was younger . 
  `` can we get a hold on our son ? 
  it 's an emergency '' . 
  see , not that hard . 
  couple days ago someone posted this link :, 
  it 's about a conference on ultra-distance runners . 
  not only being a really interesting read in general , it also goes in dept about this specific question . 
  do note that it 's aimed towards ultra runners , but it could give you some new insights . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  why would his neckbeard been showing ?
