  seems a bit light . 
  agree . 
  as you see in in the book about killing binladen , one of the seals throws himself at one of the wives who storms at the troops . 
  he would have died had she wearn a vest . 
  he did n't do it because he thought he was invincible , but because he and his teammates al would have did if she got to them . 
  i think most people do it like this . 
  i 've a 2tb ssd for bulk files and a 250gb ssd for my os and games/program files . 
  yeah , i meant hdd . 
  really ? 
  we even have a childs ombudsman , dealing with childrens rights . 
  as i see it , the function is pretty must being the guy that states the obvious , does n't really matter to us and has no power at all . 
  then how should he show the esa ? 
  they 're not a country-owned . 
  agree . 
  it also is a good story . 
  the un also ai n't the world police . 
  i think you ca n't trust an organisation where 5 members have veto rights and the others have not . 
  i did n't know that they provided that kind of service . 
  good for him !, 
  how did you go from helping setting up an email account to 2g1c ? 
  how do you play your console ? 
  the is a law stating that cannabis use wo n't be punished . 
  the same one says that mdma will . 
  you really should . 
  but when you do , remember that the first books where more childish and later ones targeted at the more adult ( / youth ) audience . 
  do you have any source for that claim ? 
  i find it hard to believe that someone figured out that the is left shoplifting because of that . 
  let me guess , you did n't call the cops on her after she stabbed you ? 
  it 's very possible that in other regions of the [ universe ] map also are playable caracters . 
  some people believe we made contact with those , but there is n't any real proof of that . 
  he just seems to have a bit fun . 
  something you share with your friends as a joke . 
  exept that a car crash would n't make you a murderer . 
  unless you cut the brakes or something . 
  then you have a reason . 
  how do you mean efficient ? 
  going to the uni with the car takes me 45 minutes , where with public transport it takes me 1.5-2 hours . 
  but he is right . 
  he actually is using europeans in a right way . 
  then the light goes green ? 
  being 14 was n't a reason to not fight . 
  just say you were 18 . 
  it 's filmed after the book . 
  i 'm ntot familliar with the book , but i gues that he did like the last 2/3th in the book . 
  egypt did it with 80 million people . 
  when you believe in democracy it would n't be so hard . 
  i you can get 40 % to agree with you to take te walk , size does n't matter . 
  they 're part of the problem . 
  burning trees for the ground . 
  would still get friend requests . 
  you 're mother is a horrible person and i hope that you told her . 
  someone please post the story about that guy that wanted to be a butler in space . 
  care to explain how the company reddit does that ? 
  i 'm not talking about the users removing content , but about the admins and other employees . 
  almost the same here . 
  learned to read in 2000 ( we learn that around the age of 6 ) , now in college and 19 . 
  you could buy 10k followers for less than 80 bucks . 
  well , 1100 years is eaay to fantom . 
  if the plane started in the year 900 , it would just be finished . 
  but i get you 're point . 
  a teaspoon of neutrostar would weight the equalivant of 900 pyramids . 
  a part neutron star as big as a grain of sand is as heavy as a boeing 747 ( 170 tons ) . 
  that better ? 
  but you can pick up a grain of sand and feel how light it is . 
  for the boeing it would be harder , but that also makes the difference in weight very clear . 
  in one hand you have something that 's what you could call weightless , and a neutron star of the same size would already be almost unimageable heavy . 
  why ? 
  for the people that where in new york that day and experienced it directly , how did it unfold for you ? 
  what did you do ? 
  i think that maybe , just maybe , it 's so expensive because it is n't . 
  look at the last couple seconds before it explodes . 
  it starts to leaks at the bottom . 
  i got it teached in 3havo in 2009 ( or 07/08 ) . 
  it was n't a big part of it since we , as a country , had more important events in history that shapped our country and it still is very recent . 
  i think it would be a better subject for sociology ( maatschappijleer ) . 
  i thought that until your comment . 
  i agree . 
  the brazil disaster seems only yesterday . 
  that are 3 very effective ways . 
  just take turns with being the dd . 
  i do n't know how the us laws are , but we have laws stating that when a price is unrealistic low the buy does n't go through . 
  for example , if i buy business class to japan for 32,00 usd while economy is 1600,00 usd , it 's logical there was a mistake and my purchase does n't need to be honored . 
  i cite :, 
  `` this diagram illustrates the two lowest states of the hydrogen atom . 
  the vertical lines with the dots indicate the spin moments of the proton and electron . 
  the transition time from on state to the other provides the fundamental clock reference used in all the cover diagrams en decoded pictures '', 
  this is about the two atoms at the lower-right corner . 
  ooh my god !, 
  i 've been watching f1 since i was little , but i never saw that . 
  i always though the red part was a 1 . 
  it just looked like a spacing between the f and the 1 , that was written in the same style as the f and with bits taken out to make it seems fast . 
  i almost never watched that show , but even i remember that episode . 
  now my mind is blown . 
  this is propably my earliest childhood memory . 
  i always seemed odd to me that safari parks as such a important part of the games but were n't in the anime . 
  and that ash suddenly had 50 of those . 
  not the policy that you get your stuff for free , but `` 3 in rij , kassa erbij '' ( 3 in line , open another register ) was a important policy for us when i worked there . 
  the concurrent of out local supermarket handed out flyers for 10 % discount on your groceries . 
  the ah just said that you can also take those discount flyers to them . 
  i do n't think loosing 10-100 bucks is that bad for a grocery store if they 're able to do things like that .
