  what about becoming pirates ? 
  i 've been searching for a while , but could n't find anything . 
  is that just fan theory/non-official or am i so bad at using google/reddit ? 
  you do n't really need a couple hundred to do it . 
  one is enough . 
  9/10 , would be to afraid to approach . 
  jup , in the same boat . 
  i remember , wondering if i should buy a ps3 or x360 . 
  the previews of home looked awesome , was a factor in buying him . 
  innocent till proven guilty . 
  that 's why you 're getting downvoted . 
  probably the spamfilter, 
  no , there is n't . 
  and what if you 're fully colorblind ? 
  and what about the sun ? 
  sometimes i only know i ca n't drive because i can only see that the green light is off . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to say . 
  just a bright led panel is n't going to do it . 
  yeah , i know . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  / r/debatereligion, 
  f1 fan here that tries to follow wrc . 
  you seem to know a lot , so i will just drop my questions here . 
  in f1 you have + / - 11 teams with 2 drivers each . 
  those race the whole season , every race . 
  you just said that leob would only drive 4 wrc races this season , so how does that work ? 
  you just show up when you want ? 
  you do n't drive with a team contract ? 
  and why would you only drive 4 of the races ? 
  is n't that just pointless ? 
  can you tell me something about the driver ? 
  i already know that leob is the m. schumacher of wrc , but who are those other guys ? 
  the biggest rival ? 
  the guy-that-drives-for-10-years-but-never-wins , who crashes all the time ? 
  who is you favorite driver ? 
  it is n't forbidden to own mein kamp . 
  in the netherlands and germany the copyright owners choose to not re-publish it , so it 's forbidden to sell a copy . 
  in germany , it 's also forbidden to resell a copy . 
  and in the netherlands owns the copyright on it , which expires in 2015 . 
  we 'll see what happens after that . 
  but in belgium you could buy it in a store . 
  ca n't speak for the other eu countries . 
  pretty much the same here . 
  also 3 years before i realised it . 
  i just went to the gym , did some cardio and did a circuit ... 
  i think that 's part of the problem . 
  i really ejoyed the anecdotes . 
  now it 's just some stupid question everyone can answere in 1 sentence mask . 
  thank you for responding , it gave me a lot of insight . 
  you do n't even know what anarchism is . 
  please , shute up . 
  that has nothing to do with capitalism . 
  / r/suicidewatch, 
  so what 's going on in the picture ? 
  they are just suicide pacts . 
  we should have noted it earlier ... 
  that 's why we ai n't a monarchie , but a constitutional monarchie . 
  and i think that that 's what protects our democratie . 
  if the parlement decides to screw us over , or the military commites a coupe , the people have a leader to follow . 
  they do n't help us in time of peace ( well , they do ) , but in times of chaos . 
  she is n't really striped from that power . 
  the parlement could choose if they want to do it on their own , or let the queen help . 
  most of the time ( always ) the queen appointed the one in charge , but last time the parlement decided to do it on their own . 
  i always learned that they can refuse to sign . 
  but since that would go against our democracy ( every law is voted on by the parlement amd senate , and the people choose those ) , she/he has to step down . 
  edit :, 
  the prime-minister and the king/queen need to sign the new law . 
  it happend in 2005 that the pm did n't sign a law . 
  ca n't find anything on having to step down . 
  they only cost around 120 million euro 's a year and bring in a lot of money . 
  and like i said somewhere else , a monarchy can protect a democracy . 
  the spanish king showed that in 1981 . 
  if the parlement decides to screw us over , or the military commites a coupe , the people have a leader to follow . 
  they do n't help us in time of peace ( well , they do ) , but in times of chaos . 
  ** yes we do . 
  we saw what happened in spain in 1981 . 
  it 's very easy to lose democracy . 
  with a king you have a leader to follow if the parliament/senate or military sides against you . 
  they can help you when you country is being invaded . 
  for example , queen wilhelmina made sure that most of our navy was available to the british when the germans took control . 
  they royal house costs 120 million euro a year , while bringing in 4-5 billion euro . 
  that 120 million includes everything . 
  every worker , every house , every security measurement etc. 
  whooo . . 
  some people take reddit way to serious . 
  i agree with this guy . 
  you do n't need to have a deep conversation with her when you find here watching porn or something , but this is something completely different . 
  apparently her face was visible on this picture . 
  just say something along the lines of `` hey , you know that when you place half-nudes online the whole world can see them ? '', 
  better : gp the killer years, 
  i had the idea that senna was just a huge propaganda movie . 
  let 's just hope the senate realises that it 's the dumbest idea since a long time . . 
  now i 'm sad that i use alienblue :(, 
  my little brother was just a couple weeks old then and is now almost old enough to drive in the us . 
  have fun feeling old . 
  that was announced months ago . 
  it going to sport 1 and rtl will only broadcast a review in the evening . 
  as a student who started doing this a couple months ago , i confirm this message . 
  the us is a democracy . 
  you want change ?
