  and you will leave after a couple of days/weeks !, 
  seems only good to me . 
  only in the south you ai n't able to do it officialy . 
  but a lot of shops are still selling it to foreigners , risking fines . 
  or just go stand at the front door , drugs will appear within 60 seconds . 
  that 's because cegrocks would be the ` victim ' , and he does n't seem to mind it . 
  in this situation we do n't know how the perspectif of the girl was on this situation . 
  i think that also plays a major role . 
  alright , so you made a special account , just for posting this ? 
  now what , should we laugh or something ? 
  thank you, 
  just to throw it in the group , what about an official ( bi - ) - weekly x playlist post ? 
  i really like playlist posts , but would n't it maybe be better to regulate them a bit ? 
  * ( is `` to throw it in the group '' a good way of using figure of speech , or is n't it translated correctly ? 
  not 100 % related , but i 'm dutch too . 
  and it reminded me of my story . 
  in my hs we had homework classes every week , to comply to the 1040 hour rule ( seriously , fuck this rule ) . 
  one week i would have psychics and the other week i would have chemistry . 
  and accidently i went to the wrong class , so i was written down as absent . 
  even tough i was at school , only in the wrong homework class . 
  the woman who registers absences and punches those who where absent wanted me to show up the next morning at 8 am . 
  i did n't show up . 
  she came to me , started a rent and i had to write down penalty lines ( strafregels ? 
  writing down `` i should n't xx ... '' 100 times ? ) . 
  did n't do it . 
  now i had to write twice as much lines . 
  four times as much . 
  six times as much ... 
  we came to the ten times as much point , and i had a meeting with my mentor , that woman and the dean . 
  it basically went like `` you really should write this '' . 
  `` why not ? '' . 
  `` i 've done nothing wrong '' . 
  `` you 're only giving us and yourself more work ! '' . 
  `` no , you are giving yourself more work , because i 'm not going to do it '' . 
  nothing happened in the end , but she was completely obsessed with absences . 
   when i was in 3rd grade, 
  this discussion also went on here a couple of weeks ago . 
  a lot of people seriously like those simulators . 
  i used to play and play fsx , because it 's something completely different than what i 'm used to . 
  not having to worry about the puzzle , not having to worry about dying , etc. 
  i assume he is n't going to sent all his ashes . 
  celestis provides an `` into-space-and-back '' starting at 995usd with 1g of ashes . 
  their `` earth-orbit '' would start at 4995usd and their `` lunar-orbiting '' and `` into-deepspace '' would cost 12.500 usd for 1g . 
  it would be retarded either way . 
  a normal search , which still would be unacceptable , would have been enough to find a phone . 
  except that wilders does n't do anything . 
  literally . 
  he says `` this sucks !, 
  '' , then someone says `` how should we do it better ? 
  '' , '' ... this sucks ! '' . 
  he offers no solution , he says `` muslims are the problem '' without providing any proof or solution . 
  not building any more mosques and taxing scarfs wo n't do anything . 
  it 's disgusting to see so many people that know nothing about criminology , the circumstances that created this situation and how the situation is for those who live there and just decide to `` muslim = bad '' . 
  feels like i 'm at a kkk meeting . 
  26/5 , never forget . 
  they are joking about the french surrendering . 
  the dutch also surrendered really fast ( after 3 days ) and the police where a huge help in rounding up the jews . 
  plus that everyones religion was registered by the goverment , making it even easier for the nazi 's . 
  so almost twice as much ? 
  and chilton caused a red flag for over 20 minute , but only got a drive-through . 
  i disagree . 
  you also have a car insurence ` just in case ' . 
  we builded extra dikrings , ` just in case ' . 
  we created the 5th nato article , just in case . 
  it takes decades to build a strong army , but a war can break out in days . 
  i also just realize you share my opinion , but am still going to post this comment for those who still want to cut our military funding . 
  even though nobody forces greece to loan te money . 
  the biggest countries ca n't even agree on things like libya . 
  just look at the european battlegroups , on of the biggest non-combat military failures . 
  the same at national sport events . 
  was watching the indy car 500 and it creeped me out . 
  than why do it ? 
  where were they from ? 
  dutch here . 
  same problem . 
  and everybody knows that . 
  / r/notreallyenjoyingit, 
  how would being a gypsy even come up ? 
  `` i see you want to come to our college/work for us . 
  everything looks great !, 
  only one last question , are you a gypsy ? '', 
  and in that book `` no easy day '', 
  the painkillers probably only cost about 50 dollars . 
  and based on what ? 
  i can assure you , i am . 
  as someone who does n't know how to program but tried to pick it up many times , in which language did you program that ? 
  and now i want to know what you came up with . 
  and i only see it now . 
  you 're confusing communism with socialism . 
  it 's not the same . 
  china never really was socialistic and i do n't know about the ussr . 
  proof ? 
  are you a student ? 
  what study/year/location ? 
  since everyone on the internet is a male , does this mean you are a male nurse ? 
  how unfortunate, 
  do you have a bike ? 
  and suddenly i 'm the bad guy . 
  would n't `` i do n't have a bike '' been a better response than ? 
  i do n't really inderstand what a haiku is ?
