  not sure if you could do that with 500 american bucks , but you can with 500 european bucks . 
  yes , but torture and denying human rights is on a whole other level . 
  yes , i work . 
  and i do n't see why that has anything to do with denying human rights ? 
  so how stupid are they ? 
  they think `` if you hear something late at night , some kind of trouble , some kind of fight . 
  just do n't ask me what it was '' and `` they only hit until you cry . 
  after that you do n't ask why . 
  you just do n't argue anymore '' is something happy ? 
  how can you even intrepetent the song to be happy ... 
  that 's how an als fundraiser campained for donations . 
  they took it to the next level by recording people a couple months before they died and airing their message after their dead . 
  note that they got so much critism that the party only lasted a couple weeks and never were on the voting list . 
  yeah , that 's the worst part . 
  not that you fucked up your vision for the rest of your life & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  so how do you prevent your dick from exploding ? 
  so you changed nothing . 
  i 'm here waiting till somebody says something like `` that means i travelt to the future , so i would ask him the lottery numbers '' . 
  that 's why it-stores still exist . 
  for around 50 bucks they will do it for you . 
  turkey and israel where also best buddys , until somebody dies . 
  turkish people go apeshit when you kill one of them . 
  and syria did this multiple times . 
  also , they make a lot of people flee to turkey . 
  that 's awesome ? 
  which distance ? 
  any tips for those who want to start doing triathlons ? 
  and what 's your source on that ? 
  last time i checked crime rates in most of western europe where much lower . 
  just keep him at 1 and move along people . 
  or ban him . 
  i think that 's the better option . 
  alonso - massa , more realistic : kimi, 
  the cops did n't remove body parts from the car ? 
  and what 's a dao ? 
  does anyone know how she 's doing now ? 
  i can only find news till mid-july . 
  thank you !, 
  glad to see she thinks about it as a new opportunity . 
  first time in this threat that i really do n't know something that somebody mentions ... ( 18 ), 
  i 'm so happy now !, 
  people always told me i was weird for hating digital clocks . . 
  that is not the same and , please , do n't let it seem that we support suicide . 
  suicide is illegal here . 
  you need permission for euthanasi and that 's really hard to get . 
  i think that this should be mentioned in the sidebar . 
  the sub could become pretty useful if therebarebgoing to be more submissions . 
  so how do you answer a phone call if you do n't provide your name ? 
  just `` hello ? 
  always . 
  it 's to confirm to the caller that they are speaking with the person they want to speak . 
  i just think it 's polite to do it . 
  the only person i know that i call sometimes and does n't do this is my grandfather . 
  note that i 'm non-us ( dutch ) . 
  so he can move here !, 
  ` utch !, 
  with lions , dykes , soccer , druges and hookers !, 
  it 's just so hard . 
  just went through your submission history and you have never posted this antijoke or any like this . 
  only one about a man that walks in a bar and starts drunk driving . 
  we 're all laughing really hard . 
  does n't mean it is n't disgusting . 
  like , with a dildo ? 
  are you gay ( serious question ) ? 
  it needs to be answered . 
  please , watch your language my fellow gentlemen . 
  there are ( were ) talks about that . 
  we could keep the prisoners that are locked up in guatanamo bay after it would close . 
  this is not true . 
  stop spreading lies . 
  * rape : up to 12 years, 
  * robbery : depends on the situation . 
  * armed robbery : same as robbery , depend on the situation, 
  * murder : up to 30 years or a life sentence, 
  g was sentenced to 18 years of jail . 
  that 's until 2021 . 
  and there is no evidence at all that higher sentences leads to less crime . 
  for example : us and sweden . 
  us has high sentences and a high crime rate , sweden has low sentences and a low crime rate . 
  there are a lot more factors that play with crime rate than the sentence that somebody gets . 
  clearly photoshop . 
  kimi does n't laugh . 
  ... damn ... 
  you just ruined my day . 
  never even thought about that . 
  but why ? 
  why would somebody do that ? 
  i agree . 
  but we have decent wages here . 
  best . 
  comment . 
  ever . 
  he 's talking about actually smoking , not buying . 
  here in the netherlands it 's illigal to buy smokes under the age of 16 , but you are allowed to smoke . 
  but rain does n't kill you ? 
  that guy was just being an asshole ( assuming you asked a polite way ) . 
  i pay 2.40 usd a litre ( + / - 9 usd a gallon ) . 
  it has nothing to do with that . 
  it 's a world wide phenomenon . 
  and because speed limits are different everywhere .
