  if it keeps going like this , it is n't impossible to think that wec and motogp will surpass f1 in viewers it things keep going like this . 
  if not by growing viewership , then by shrinking f1 viewership . 
  it 's like going to a miley cyrus concert or a madonna one . 
  i seriously doubt much of it goes to the teams . 
  most would be circuits costs for running the f1 . 
  no it does n't . 
  the only way that 's possible is if you have a really non-standard definition of europe . 
  thread /, 
  except that they would n't really be hurt by it . 
  ... that 's basically what he said . 
   the reasons behind her actions , however , are noble : it was all part of a university project , in which she wanted to show how facebook activity is not necessarily reflective of real life . 
  move on people . 
  a good sign of what exactly ? 
  thought he misspelled `` italians '' . 
  was very , very confused . 
  thought it was about crimea being orange . 
  do you have any sources whatsoever ? 
  i 've a really hard time believing this . 
  of brood ? 
  ah yes , the most useless seals in existence . 
  just google for other forums with experiences . 
  those seals are meaningless . 
  did he dot every single line or am i missing a function ? 
  as opposed to legal occupation . 
  yes . 
  that 's to bad , since google maps self already has an outline feature . 
  do n't think that walking 20 miles ( hour of 5 ) would use more water then just 12 days sitting around . 
  it says `` recent wars '' right there !, 
  here is some empty filler , since that retarded both keeps deleting short answers . 
  here some more . 
  long enough now ? 
  and now ? 
  and now ? 
  i think this is enough . 
  / r/germanicgirls ? 
  how ? 
  it seems to roughly correlate with how many people where deployed and how strong the enemy was . 
  this proves the exact opposite . 
  he said he is n't an us/eu citizen . 
  especially more then 30 years from now . 
  would make more sense to do 1990-2014-2030 or something . 
  dus 56/4 .5 = 12,5 h per week ? 
  so that does n't change anything . 
  you still pay . 
  thirsty and hungry people always existed and still do . 
  your logic makes no sense . 
  it what you say was the case , they would already never been born . 
  i think it gives an unfair advantage . 
  i like the drs possibility , i hate the 1 second rule . 
  from tax payers money . 
  you did n't just discover that , everyone knows that . 
  it still completely changes the system behind paying for it . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  do n't act like you found some flaw . 
  if i 'm poor by african definition i could go to the best university that out country has to offer and get educated there . 
  since it is being paid by taxes , i do n't have to worry about college debt or not fining a job in my field . 
  and say i can pay a education . 
  why would i if i could almost make the same money in a low effort job ? 
  it saved a couple thousand grand . 
  that are the big advantages over loans . 
  every can go to study . 
  people do n't have to be in doubt about going to study and get loans or go to work and not . 
  it takes away the uncertainty that higher education brings . 
  first i thought that his comment was about the us . 
  i 'm not that familiar with germany . 
  or , you know , enforced the law and did his job . 
  you do n't have laws regulating the use of donation money ? 
  i keep seeing people saying this , but when trying to prove it they only show freek incidents or salaries that do n't matter in the grand scheme . 
  that 's a horrible view . 
  and then he gets out and what ? 
  that 's why he needs help . 
  the other commenter is n't saying he should n't be punished . 
  and , what did you vote ? 
  alright then ... 
  carry on . 
  big country = big cars does n't make much sense to me . 
  a bit bigger i can understand , but this is madness on a whole other scale . 
  and would n't the roads be big thanks to the many big cars ? 
  by making them more blind ? 
  there 's also / r/masteredred or something , where they just talk about how awesome they are . 
  not advice or anything , just `` scientific '' posts about how rp works . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  you do blind people with high beam . 
  they 're beams that are high . 
  they shine in people 's eyes , blinding them . 
  this in addition to them already having bad vision thanks to the low sun . 
  probably automatic by reddit 's anti-spam system . 
  yes , it is a difference . 
  just some headlights is n't a problem , high beams is . 
  i think it would be more useful if it was combined with an easy shopping list app . 
  then you could just put the dates of the products on the shopping list and be almost done . 
  it 's not about the brightness of the lights , it 's about the direction they shine . 
  high beams shine high ( practically in the eyes of the opposite driver ) , while normal beams shine down . 
  since i do n't want to make another posts :, 
  does anyone know how you sort the comments you made on date of when you made the comment , instead of the tread age ? 
  sometimes i comment on older treads and now it 's practically impossible to find those comments . 
  it does work for me . 
  iphone 4s with 7.1.2 and newest ab . 
  how does that matter ? 
  if school costs 2000/year it does n't matter if you get 1000eur or the school gets it .
