  no shit . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  you do n't get the `` edit asterisk '' if you edit in less then 2 minutes . 
  no problem . 
  it 's also what 's called a `` ninja edit '' , since you would n't have noticed it if the commenter did n't mention it . 
  yes they have . 
  they have the choice to quit f1 . 
  they had no problem leaving nascar what things did n't work out . 
  this is n't different . 
  this does n't even accomplish anything . 
  is nu ierland - argentini\u00eb in de kwart finale . 
  edit :, 
  nope , is afgelopen . 
  eindstand was 20-40 . 
  and it 's 10-13 . 
  only takes 1 penaltykick to make it even . 
  and , did you convince your roommate ? 
  that 's what someone who was involved would say !, 
  does anyone have a gif/video of that ? 
  that went more civil then i expected . 
  did they actually do that or did 1 guy say that on twitter ? 
  did they really do that or did 1 guy on twitter say that ? 
  the only mention i 've seen about this is a guy here saying that some guy on twitter said that . 
  there are plenty of window breakers that use a spring release system . 
  those wo n't cost you any effort to use . 
  you can only be a fan of a team if you 're from that country ? 
  got it . 
  no , the point is stupid . 
  of course you can be passionate about a team that is n't from your country . 
  just like how you can also be passionate about a team that is n't from your city . 
  you seem to be right , my mistake . 
  i absolutely do n't care , and i think most do n't . 
  and that has n't anything to do with `` being numb '' about it . 
  it 's sorry that they wanted to die so bad they decided to be a complete asshole about it , but there is n't much i can do about it . 
   during rush hours though, 
  not even that ( for me ) , it 's just horrible for everyone involved . 
  a friend of my was once in the front coup\u00e9 of a train that had a jumper and he just splashed all over the first windows . 
  imagine if you were the machinist or have to clean the human remains from the track or the wheels . 
  when my neighbour killed himself he hanged himself in an upstairs room and left a couple notes downstairs . 
  still a horrible situation of course , but it makes it a lot less gruesome . 
  and now think about the train conductor . 
   the conductor or driver gets the better end of the deal, 
  a deal he was forced into , thanks to a selfish asshole . 
  * hingggggggg , he does n't agree with me !, 
  better call him edgy *, 
  it being 6am in australia , probably . 
  as he said :, 
   the fans , the players , the coaches and the refs deserve a clarification from world rugby, 
  [ wahahahha ] ( https://youtu.be/5x1viyze3ws?t=1m26s ), 
  zag wel dat het bedrijfsslogan * '' ` being the fastest in changing all the time '' * was . 
  he put his girlfriend in danger by passing a car on a completely straight road with no on coming traffic in sight and keeping at least 6 feet between him and the vehicle he 's passing ? 
  for gods sake , give me a break . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  him not legally being allowed to ride a motorcycle had absolutely nothing to do with this accident and would n't change the outcome in any way . 
  it is n't like he confused the brake with the clutch or something . 
  and that yellow line there is completely bonkers . 
  there is no reason for it . 
  that 's a whole new level of retarded reasoning . 
  if his father never met his mother it also would not have happened . 
  so obviously his father was at fault for endangering this girl !, 
  did a ride really happen if you did n't sing `` highway to the danger zone '' ? 
  edit :, 
  do n't let us hanging op !, 
  do you know him ? 
  is that actually true ? 
  last time i heard that it was just some random rumour spread here by someone who did n't understand the terms and conditions . 
  pffff, 
  bent u bekend met het woord van onze saviour [ the pantom edit ] ( http://starwarsfans.wikia.com/wiki/the_phantom_edit ) ? 
  you misread his comment . 
  which ones ? 
  he has jumbo in big ass letters on his cap and overall . 
  that 's basically the dutch walmart . 
  i 'm looking for a specific book on the canadian role in ww1/ww2 . 
  i remember the title as `` maple leaf at war '' and i thought it was mentioned here someday . 
  however , i 'm unable to find a book by that title . 
  any thoughts on which it could be ? 
  and while i 'm at it , any suggestions for a book on the belgium front during ww1 ? 
  the reading list on / r/ah does provide 1 on the second battle of ypres , but not more comprehensive ( or additional ) book . 
  there will be no points awarded . 
  fp is that , a practice . 
  seems like they never can do something right . 
  always people complaining . 
  same goes for gmt +1 and +2 , probably also in other time zones . 
  this is simply not true . 
  it 's also the case in +1 and +2 , maybe also in other time zones and not in all gmt / +1 / +2 countries . 
  any clue on why the dealership uploaded the video ? 
  they have n't done this anymore for years . 
  you have to remember that sainz has 4 years more open wheel experience . 
  then why was n't it much more popular ? 
  you make it sound like the obvious choice . 
  that is n't socialism , you dumb fuck . 
  and of course the employer makes money of your work . 
  that 's how a company can exists . 
  a bit hard to create a product of you have absolutely no money . 
  are they ? 
  last time this was posted it had the caption that they were testing new rural train vehicles . 
  was n't he just pissed at himself ? 
  rosberg made a lot of mistakes that costed him of time . 
  i think that the guy is n't able to perform under extreme pressure like a wdc should , which now costed him second place . 
  alright , awesome .
