i 'm an american living in europe now . 
  just to back up what / u/citizented is saying -- one of the criticisms of george w. bush ( amongst the people that knew him ) was that he had never visited europe prior to being president . 
  this was yet another example of his backwater lack of culture and refinement . 
  it 's expected of people in his social class and educational level to spend time in europe ( especially in their youth , after finishing college ) . 
  if you do n't do that , you 're a bit uncouth . 
  this is a bit like how it was in the roman world as well . 
  aside from hiring greek teachers , a well educated roman was expected to have visited and spent at least some time in greece at some point during their education , as a finishing touch . 
  have you heard of that new band ? 
  the transylvanian village people, 
  in romanian , `` curu '' means ... `` the ass '' . 
  honestly snowden should stay in russia . 
  the women are hotter than in france . 
  they never conquered us fully . 
  masters ? 
  more like annoying bullies !, 
  the us manages to do it with a very persistent propaganda system . 
  and their differences are a lot smaller but still existant . 
  i hope such a thing does n't hit europe anytime soon . 
  fuck brussels . 
  it was romanian and the ottomans stole it and gave it to the russians and romania took it back but the russians stole it back later anyway . 
  it was part of the principality of moldavia . . which is basically ` romanian ' . 
  that , and the national language of the republic of moldova is ... romanian . 
  the russians did `` colonize '' it when they held it and added ukranians and russians to its citizenry , and they imposed russian in schools . 
  but it 's more romanian than russian . 
  just go to chi\u0219in\u0103u and walk around a bit and see . 
  75 % of the population is ethnically romanian and they speak romanian as their native language . 
  `` basarabia e romania '' is the slogan . 
  `` bessarabia ** is ** romania '' russia is taking back crimea because it 's composed of lots of russians . 
  there are more romanians in moldova ( 75 % ) than there are russians in crimea ( 59 % ) . 
  so ... yeah . 
  the obvious one for a romanian citizen . 
  give bessarabia ( the republic of moldova ) back to romania , of course !, 
  it never was supposed to be a separate country until the russians stole it and added it to the ussr . 
  it should rejoin romania . 
  ha ha ha ... yeah , pretty messed up how the obesity rate is so high in the usa . 
  blame the big megacorps as well as the medical establishment and the government . 
  in the 1970s they rewrote the book on nutrition . 
  in the 1980s they demonized fat and promoted a very high carb diet . 
  the results are now pretty clear -- a really fat population obsessed with their addictive carby foods . 
  lol , well , we moved to 1980s new york city . 
  just about as bad . . but at least i got to go to high school at stuyvesant hs in manhattan , so i slowly moved up in the world ... , 
  it really really is . 
  communist rule in romania was particularly brutal and oppressive , especially after the 1960s . 
  it impacted my life personally . 
  my mom and i fled romania on 1980 . 
  our destination ? 
  the usa !, 
  the americans did n't come for us , so we came to them !, 
  except for the fact that he 's about 200lbs overweight , i think that dude looks pretty badass actually . 
  i 'm a dual citizen . 
  us and romanian . 
  i 'm so proud of my country right now . 
  both of them . 
  and go romania . 
  nice to see both my countries getting along to stop those idiot russians . 
  i have two countries . 
  usa : office space, 
  here in romania we still have the old joke when you see an american in romania : `` see !, 
  the americans finally did come ! '', 
  at least i hear it a lot , having lived in the usa most of my life and being a us citizen . . 
  all the eastern block nations , immediately after the war , held out high hopes that the americans would come and keep then safe from russian influence , looting , pillaging , rape , etc. 
  in romania they still joke about it , `` do n't worry the americans will show up any day now . '', 
  or , when an american tourist is spotted , `` see !, 
  the americans finally came ! '' . 
  it was a huge letdown how the americans and the brits gave half of europe to stalin . 
  but probably they did n't have much of a choice unless they wanted to continue the war , except now against russia . 
  yeah i 'd rather europe remain europe and let the usa be the usa . 
  europe does n't need to erode national differences and culture quite yet . 
  the american states had a reason to do it , and they are also now more culturally similar to each other than european countries are to each other . 
  so for the usa , what they have works . 
  let europe be europe . 
  they might as well have included punched cards and rs-232 connectors on the emblem . 
  which will * totally * not be laughed at in 10 years ' time as com ports and parallel ports are totally still a thing today . 
  only certain types of people do . 
  `` cocalari '' , which are your basic run-of-the-mill romanian soccer fan . 
  or people that live in the ` hood and just hang around the parks and drink beer and eat seeds . 
  it 's not considered cool or anything in most circles . . people just do it . 
  i was in turkey a few months ago . 
  the number of sunflower seed shells in any square cm of any public space was truly astonishing . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i love the sunflower seeds . 
  and the communist-era shitty buildings ( as in all the former soviet block countries ) . 
  and the curva on the wall . 
  awesome !, 
  you have to really know where to look . 
  there are plenty of con artists selling you overpriced `` services '' . 
  honestly the free pussy in romania is much better . 
  just be foreign from a decently rich country and women are pretty easy to woo and bed . 
  just be insistent on wanting sex . 
  some of them play coy in the hopes you wo n't think them a slut , so that you respect them . . and thus they hold out on sleeping with you for a while . 
  you need to insist that in your country it 's normal to sleep with someone if you like them and men in your country do n't see women as sluts if they do that . 
  it will take the edge off and make them trust you . 
  also , always go for girls that are students or have finished university . 
  they are more likely to be more fun if you 're foreign and more open minded . 
  but the pay-for-sex scene is abundant and many foreigners come to romania just for that . 
  yes , it is . 
  just click da . 
  romania : the whores / cheap brothels . 
  i 'm a us citizen and a romanian citizen . 
  both countries have idiotic religious assholes living in them , trust me .
