  you 're half jewish , deal with it . 
  unsurprisingly , deserts tend to have a much lower population density . 
  that 's why they 're inhabited by bedouins - nomadic pastoralists . 
  i do n't sound weird , it 's natural to doubt someone 's unverifiable and unlikely claim . 
  on the internet anyone can claim they know everything , and i think you 're one of those people . 
  anyone can copy that information from wikipedia ... are you trolling me ? 
  [ he said the truth . 
  ] ( http://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/3305/france-no-go-zones ), 
  i think the most effective solution would be is conquering iraq , syria and lebanon and then forcing all shiites , alawites and the druze to convert or be beheaded . 
  christians would be forced to pay jizya , so most of them would emigrate , because they would n't want to live under is . 
  and voila - you have a mostly ethnically arab and nearly 100 % sunni state . 
  if you were n't functionally illiterate , you would notice `` vagina '' means sheath in latin . 
  the meaning is only distantly related to the english word vagina . 
  hamas are n't any random extremists . 
  they 're the government of gaza and have support of the local population . 
  google bought duck.com just to prevent them from acquiring it first . 
   you ca n't have a consenting relationship in a situation where one person has authority over the other . 
  yes , you can . 
  you apparently have no idea what the word `` consent '' means . 
  you can have sex with your doctor without the doctor forcing you into it . 
   one concern is that teachers will being grooming students for a sexual relationship when they are much younger than 18 , but wait until their 18th birthday to act . 
  and what 's your problem with that ? 
  once they reach 18 , it 's up to them to decide if they want to continue or not . 
  or you think all 18 year olds are mentally retarded and do n't how what they 're doing ? 
   another concern is that there is a power imbalance . 
  even if a teacher does n't say so , they could be implying `` sleep with me and you 'll get a good grade . '', 
  `` power imbalance '' is a fetish of american puritans . 
  in my country the age of consent is 15 and teachers can have sex with pupils since that age , given that there is no coercion . 
  but of course they risk being fired . 
  why ca n't it be the same in the usa ? 
  i know why , your culture has puritan and radical protestant roots and people like you grew up in it . 
  that 's why libertarianism has no real chance of catching on in the country , because the level of people 's brainwashing is too high . 
  you must be retarded if you do n't understand the fact that you can have a normal , healthy relationship with your doctor . 
  i 'm not from the usa , so it 's up to you to work it out . 
  and laws are irrelevant , pointing out to local laws as to the ultimate authority is just stupid . 
  certainly it 's better than the arab women in niqabs and burqas ... i ca n't help but to look down upon them . 
  and they also have about the same population . 
  it 's one of the densest-inhabited countries in the world , population density is over 500 people/km2 . 
  actually i think it was istanbul . 
  constantinople was conquered by the turks in 1453 and renamed to instanbul . 
  no , they did n't - the celtic conquerors did n't replace the original inhabitants , just as the normans did n't replace the population after 1066 . 
  you look at it and think about what i just said . 
  the celts did n't exterminate them , modern britons are mostly genetically pre-celtic . 
  i 'm not denying that , but around 80 percent of british genes [ come from ice age hunters . 
  ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2005/07/0719_050719_britishgene.html ), 
   new evidence from genetic analysis indicates that the anglo-saxons and celts , to the extent that they can be defined genetically , were both small immigrant minorities . 
  neither group had much more impact on the british isles gene pool than the vikings , the normans or , indeed , immigrants of the past 50 years . 
  in the eastern poland there were n't many polish people though , and they lived mostly in the area around lvov , which is why the poles did n't protest much when soviets took the land from them . 
  you 're right that it 's segregation , but the reason why blacks live in segregated neighborhoods is ghettoization and white flight , not evil real estate agents and banksters . 
  it 's an old map , [ here is a new map . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:imf_advanced_economies_2008.svg ), 
  that was banned decades ago . 
  not all of them , because there are some upper class black neighborhoods , but about 95 % of them indeed are terrible places to live . 
  it 's because the average iq of american blacks is 85 , which is causing high rates of poverty and violence . 
  wrong . 
  it 's not dying at all , the haredi jews who use it are reproducing at a rapid rate , just like in the us . 
  it was n't germany , it was the holy roman empire . 
  there were many nationalities living in hre , not just germans . 
  it 's r\u00e9union , which is a part of france . 
  nevertheless i would n't group either of the islands with africa , they 're pretty far from it . 
  it 's the poorest country in the eu , mexico of europe . 
  i find it sad that they claim people should `` avoid all travel '' to iran , when in reality it 's a safe and touristically attractive country . 
  all because canada are a bunch of american lackeys . 
  it 's not 6 years old , it 's been updated . 
  albania is not in the eu . 
  romania is somewhat richer than bulgaria , though . 
  as are all the other countries you mentioned . 
  what is that special device americans use to drink water at school ? 
  in europe we just call it a water tap . 
  there are just taps at schools , no `` fountains '' . 
  there is n't a special device for drinking water . 
  they 're just water taps with a sink . 
  not really the richest , but not the poorest either . 
  but romania and bulgaria are n't in central europe , they 're a level lower than central european countries . 
   the best way to solve the assyrian 's problems in iraq is to make the rest of iraq look more like iraqi kurdistan . 
  secular , plural and inclusive . 
  kurdistan is maybe secular , but hardly plural or inclusive . 
  pluralism is the last thing they want , it 's always been a recipe for disaster . 
  they 're forced to accept refugees from other parts of iraq , but that does n't mean they want them or that they let them stay in their new state . 
  if an assyrian state was created by a miracle , it would be in their eminent interest to attack all minorities in the territory and drive them out . 
  who is mattyb ? 
  tell a blue-eyed iranian that they 're the descendants of western colonizers ( when in fact iran has never been colonized ) and see how they will react ... 
  both iranians and kurds ( including yazidis ) are part of the same ancient aryan , or indo-european , stock . 
  they 're related to europeans and their genes for blue eyes and light hair come from the same ancient source . 
  what 's your point ? 
  mongolia is modernizing rapidly , it has one of the fastest-growing economies in the world . 
  i can almost hear the screeching ... 
  australia has just 20 million people . 
  there 's more than enough scientific research going on . 
  not if the islamic state was in charge of creating the caliphate . 
  they 'd just exterminate them or drive them out . 
  which is totally wrong , because there are much larger orthodox minorities in western europe , but it 's not stripped . 
  i guess it was easier to throw all former eastenrn bloc countries into one bag . 
  no , you do n't get it . 
  they consider all shias to be heretics who must either convert , leave or die by sword . 
  so that means the whole iran , azerbaijan and half of iraq would have to convert , which would remove the tensions between different kinds of muslims . 
  secondly , arabs hate jews to the death , there 's no chance they would leave a single jew alive if they conquered israel . 
  and finally , they would let christians pay the jizya tax in gold , which would be uncomfortable for many of them so they would leave , but core of the population would stay , but they would be slowly replaced by muslim immigrants . 
  i hope people will prefer keeping their jobs instead of `` sustainable development '' ( a.k.a. 
  destruction of economy ) .
