i would tell him : `` if you put up that sign , we would 've genocided you together with your entire tribe . 
  this is our country now , we suffer you here only because we wish to . '', 
  we are the rulers of our country , and we have the right to decide who we let in . 
  indians could 've tried to stop us too and they did , but they were too weak . '', 
  you should rename your account to / u/jackgroid . 
  multiculturalism is the official ideology of canada . 
  melting pot is a widespread ideal in the us . 
  these are the facts . 
  it does n't matter how high is diversity at the moment , in the usa everyone expects you start speaking english and adopt american values . 
  there is no such pressure in canada . 
  there are even no canadian values , because it 's divided into the anglophone and francophone parts . 
  i do n't know what you 're implying ... i 'm just telling you the facts . 
  yeah , invade the country and then complain about the start of sectarian violence ... no one than an american can possibly be this hypocritical . 
  culture is different from what the government says . 
   jews, 
   white, 
  best joke i 've heard in a long time . 
  the guy is probably an american pro-zionist christian . 
  jesus , that was so sad to watch . 
  this guy is apparently mildly mentally retarded , but not enough not to be affected by the liberal propaganda . 
  the same liberal propaganda that robs white people off their identity , that makes white nationalism a mortal sin and tells whites to be ashamed for being white . 
  because sweden is rich , welcomes asylum seekers from all over the world and provides them with generous welfare . 
  do n't blame the muslims , anyone would do the same thing in their place . 
  blame the swedes for allowing them to immigrate there . 
  it forbids drinking , not weed . 
  that 's why they love it so much . 
  i 'm pretty sure hash is widespread throughout the islamic world . 
  only the most radical strains of islam prohibit all intoxicating substances , most muslims have no problem with drugs other than alcohol . 
  opium is worse than heroin . 
  some pedophiles are homosexual . 
   i hope the bubble expands all over the middle east . 
  in case you 've not noticed , your american allies are actively trying to expand the bubble by bringing them democracy . 
  they just want to get rid of the corruption , oligarchs and cliques . 
  the government is so corrupt and rotten it 's unimaginable in any other european country , maybe except kosovo . 
  for the past 25 years they 've been doing nothing else than stealing , which made ukraine one of the poorest european countries . 
  and that 's why people want to get rid of them . 
  [ louisiana 's angola prison ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6kaqvzj.jpg ) is already chocolate ... he will fit right in . 
  i think it 's good that they do something useful to repay their debt to the society . 
  the map is grossly inaccurate . 
  here are real maps :, 
  the map seems similar at the fert glance , but it is n't . 
  in syria , is controls the area in the south along the euphrates river , but does n't control a lot of areas defended by kurds . 
  and it does n't control deserts . 
  other maps showing only control along the rivers are much more accurate . 
  yeah , it should be painted yellow , like in [ this map ] ( http://multimedia.thenational.ae/interactives/flat-graphics/isil.jpg ) . 
  and as i said , it 's inaccurate because it makes many mistakes besides that . 
  because it 's gon na be in extreme pain soon . 
  you mean most americans . 
   it 's where much of the human race originated, 
  no , it is n't . 
  you should close the bible and start studying real history . 
  it 's still ongoing due to religion . 
  if judaism did n't exist , jews would cease to exist some 2 millennia ago . 
  it 's a unique situation that had never happened before . 
  sure , lots of states have tried to reconquer their lost territory , but they still lived nearby and not in diaspora . 
  palestine has the same history as just about any other area in former roman empire and in the fertile crescent . 
  the survival of the jews due to their religion and their subsequent usurpation of the territory is what makes the situation in palestine unique . 
  humans originated in eastern africa , which is in sub-saharan africa , far from the levant . 
  it has always been a democracy . 
  just not the western , liberal one , where liberals are dictating their terms to the silent majority while hiding behind the so called `` human rights . '', 
  is it a human right for children to be brainwashed about homosexuality and single motherhood since kindergarten ? 
  yep , it takes a long time for neo-marxists to completely brainwash the populace . 
  the long march through the institutions is exactly what it 's called - a slow , hardly noticeable process . 
  the west is neo-marxist . 
  neo-marxists do n't focus on economy , but on culture . 
  they want to subvert the social order by supporting `` unorthodox '' families , among other things , eventually abolishing it completely . 
  so single motherhood and gay parenting are a part of their agenda . 
  south korea almost has n't been affected by this subversive ideology ... yet . 
  they 're there to watch the region , including japan . 
  do n't be an english speaker and read it aloud : nguyen . 
  there . 
  why ca n't you fuckers learn to read ? 
  yes , czech silesia is similarly densely populated because it had big deposits of coal during the industrial revolution . 
  it 's the same story like in northwest england , rhein-ruhr basin and also in ukrainian donbass . 
  do any palestinians even want peace ? 
  they want the whole palestine back , from sea to sea . 
  american education in action, 
  it 's not depressing if you imagine being eaten by a lion . 
  lion is the king of all animals , therefore he was often portrayed in heraldics . 
  same as eagle . 
  just nitpicking : if they 're atheist or not is irrelevant . 
  religion is not important in russia , all that matters is their jewish ethnicity . 
  that maybe even muslims or ethnic tatars are more successful than russians . 
  rinat achmetov is one of the richest people in ukraine . 
  if i was putin , i would be happy to see those subversive jewish oligarchs to pack up and leave for israel . 
  he keeps them on a leash , but one day they can easily break loose and turn against him . 
  putin is in charge , for now , because he managed to tame the oligarchs . 
  that is n't the case in ukraine , where mostly jewish oligarchs de facto control the weak central government . 
  are there ? 
  even if they were , jews in ukraine actually support ukrainian nationalists and go to great lengths to defend them , because they fear putin more . 
  dark skin is a sign of low caste , she 's probably a dalit . 
  to biblical christianity . 
  i did n't know i was being downvoted ... why ? 
  in the catholic church . 
  bedouins lived in the desert and they still live there now . 
  they 're being oppressed by the jewish settlers and israel plans to displace the bedouins in a campaign called `` judaization of the negev . '', 
  i doubt you knew about all of them , hardly anyone knows about e.g. 
  ashkenazi jews suffer from many hereditary genetic illnesses caused by inbreeding . 
  they are genetically very close to each other . 
  and sephardi jews are closer to them than any other ethnic group .
