when the pope is the one welcoming the muslim invaders you know the catholic church is doomed . 
  where is that deus vult crusading spirit ? 
  it 's truly embarrassing how far we have fallen in 900 years . 
  less deep than rotherham , though that was probably easier to hide . 
  to the lefty media elite , it 's definitely a scareword , though they would never admit it . 
  it has just enough ambiguity that they can switch between right wing = bad , and right wing = a factual description , for whatever purpose they need . 
  if you want a real scareword you want `` far-right '' , `` populist '' or , god forbid , `` fascist/racist/bigot / whatever . '', 
   deported but where ? 
  brits have those useless islands in the channel , perhaps they should set up some refugee deportation camps there ? 
  we have loads of useless islands elsewhere as well . 
  what about deporting them to ascension island or maybe we should turn the falklands into a massive refugee camp and then voluntarily hand it over to the argentines . 
  that would be hilarious . 
   australia and canada both have substantial and vocal parts of their population that are very against immigration . 
  free trade ! = free immigration . 
  that 's the whole point . 
   even the ones who advocate hitler seem to be obsessed with free speech . 
  that 's because they 're losing . 
  those on the cultural left who are winning are all `` muh freeze peaches '' . 
  nobody really cares that much about the free speech and civil rights of their opponents , especially when they have the power to suppress and crush them . 
  if / pol / were winning the culture wars they would find some rhetorical convenience to shame and harass their enemies while still proclaiming to support free speech - perhaps `` degenerate speech '' or something . 
  as it is , because the left are winning , we have the arbitrary construct of `` hate speech '' instead . 
   the `` melting pot '' is n't a bunch of cultures living in harmony , it 's a bunch of people fucking until there is only one bland culture left and the lines are too blurred to fight . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  the only way to get rid of ethnic tensions is to blur them together until they ca n't be told apart by each other . 
  this is pretty much why i think that full integration in europe is doomed , muslims are simply too visually and behaviourally distinct from europeans to ever become indistinguishable within a reasonable timeframe . 
   that 's the only way that people from different places that look different from each other will ever get along and getting to that point is ugly , oh , i agree , and this is why what is happening in europe now is so tragic . 
  we spent hundreds of years fighting eachother to achieve some semblance of homogeneity and the moment we do we are overwhelmed by migrants :( also , from the outside , america does n't look like a success of multiculturalism with the races all living happily in harmony side by side . 
  instead it looks like there are a huge amount of tensions and sectarian strife lurking under the surface , only really held in check by stifling public norms against `` racism '' and a huge apparatus of resource transferal from the more successful to the less successful races . 
  if that is success , i would hate to see failure . 
  the melting pot takes time to work though ? 
  so at first the irish and italians etc formed their own multicultural communities , and this caused racial tensions , but over time the melting pot ideology encouraged them to integrate and slowly things got better . 
  with `` multiculturalism '' as an ideology , people are explicitly encouraged * not * to integrate so the problems remain forever or dissapear at a much slower rate . 
  i think comparing the integration of italians and irish into the then predominantly waspy us to the problems europe are currently facing is dumb anyway . 
  the irish et al were way closer culturally and racially to wasps than europe 's current muslims , and also did n't have a religion inimically hostile to the values of their host civilisation . 
  the trouble is , if you attack muslims directly , you are islamophobic and racist , because muslims are brown , and colonialism and the other standard leftist buzzwords . 
  because poles are white you can attack them with relative impunity and build a big anti-immigration movement which you can then turn to the main problems once you are strong enough to shrug off the media slurs of racism , hitlerism etc. 
  at least i hope that 's what farage et al are doing rather than believing their own bullshit , but that is all too likely too tbh . 
  the us only succeeded when they were big on the `` melting pot '' and forcing people to adapt . 
  the moment it turned into multiculturalism integration went to shit . 
   point is , the discourse is not honest . 
  you have a huge migratory and demographic problem on your hands of course the discourse is not honest . 
  it 's politics - nobody is honest . 
  if you are honest you get slammed by the media as a racist and therefore worse than hitler etc. 
  anti-eu campaigns legitimate anti-immigrant attitudes while being relatively shielded from slurs of racism etc. 
  it is a gateway drug to sanity , as it were . 
   personally i think migrants from the rest of the eu are the least of your worries . 
  i agree . 
  however with any luck leaving the eu will enable saner immigration policies to prevail overall . 
   his own ideas are incompatible with the values of a free society but what are `` the values of a free society '' ? 
  if somebody comes up to us , proclaiming some set of values to be the values of a free society , how would we verify that ? 
  if his values are not our values , why should we even care anyway ? 
  `` free society '' or no . 
  the way i see it , `` the values of a free society '' is a meaningless statement . 
  it is an empty vessel into which the speaker projects his own values , and then uses the universalistic phrasing to con us into thinking that they are our values as well . 
  after all , nobody thinks their values will lead to a dystopian and unfree society , do they ? 
  it 's the same trick as when politicians say some terrorist attack or whatever is an attack on `` western values '' . 
  when they say that , they never actually mean `` western values '' , because there is no such thing - western values are not a monolithic block - instead they mean their own values , or that of their party . 
  they shroud their values under a universalistic cloak and then use it as a club against their opposition - if you oppose said politician , you must oppose `` western values '' and so you must be on the side of the terrorists/nazis/whatever who also oppose `` western values . '', 
  it 's all a con . 
  beheading apostates is pretty fun though . 
  not so sure about the beauty . 
   i 've told him which numbers are relevant maybe he has his own ideas about which numbers are relevant , and so might other commenters . 
  who made you the ultimate arbiter of relevance ? 
   either way , it 's impossible to go back to the past nope , it 's pretty easy actually . 
  just have a sane immigration policy . 
  globalisation is irrelevant - you can have free trade without free immigration and arguably this is better . 
  most of these new immigrants end up being a net loss to the state anyway , so it 's not like we will be massively economically outcompeted if we do n't open our borders . 
  anyway , why should we frame this as going back to the past ? 
  maybe we are moving into a bright and glorious future where people realise that demographics matter just as much as economics . 
  japan and israel both have reasonable immigration policies , and i would n't class them as backwards . 
  having children is necessary to continuing your civilization , so there is an enormous upside ; importing muslims is pretty dumb no matter how you squint at it . 
  also , not producing `` terror networks , isis fighters , and millions of sharia sympathisers '' is nowhere near as high a bar as `` eliminating crime altogether . '', 
  europe had no isis fighters and millions of sharia sympathisers 70 years ago . 
  maybe we should look at why . 
  the left wing morons in western europe have also shown very little ability to integrate the migrants these past 50 years . 
  maybe integration is just a hard problem no matter who is in power . 
  at least the right will stop adding to the problem . 
  but why is multiculturalism and diversity the `` enlightened '' thing anyway ? 
  it 's always seemed appallingly dumb to me . 
  but ... but i thought we needed to import millions of unskilled immigrants otherwise our economy will implode and our grannies will die from lack of pensions !, 
   i think , if we 'd allow developing countries to apply protective measures for their industries -- within limits , or course -- it might be possible . 
  if by this you are referring to things like [ import substitution indistrialisation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/import_substitution_industrialization ) , then it was tried and it failed horribly . 
   the only countries where this worked that i can think of were japan and germany following ww2 . 
  also , germany and japan were stable , advanced , and industrialised countries before they got involved in the war . 
  most failed states have never been anywhere near as civilised as germany and japan were . 
  there is literally no precedent for modern civilisation there , so even if we completely occupied them it still probably would n't work . 
  those grenade attacks are nasty . 
  by this logic , smashing windows is great for the economy , because all the money it takes to repair them goes straight back into the german economy , boosting window manufacture etc. 
  you do have to wonder how we went from having an empire and being # 1 in industry to being ruled from brussels and needing china to build anything . 
  where in the last century did it all go so wrong ? 
  thank god . 
  for once , i agree with cameron ... 
  i feel dirty now . 
   they are all clueless weaklings . 
  they 're not . 
  [ they want this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-18519395 ) . 
   i think you miss historical context of that . 
  western europe is more prone to political correctness because of it 's history . 
  minorities love to play guild card . 
  take germany for example .
