  it 's also considered offensive to put down your glass instead of taking a sip after clinking . 
  in some regions , albeit not all , it 's customary to look the person you 're clinking glasses with in the eye when doing it . 
  fair enough , in this picture she does indeed look blonde to me . 
   i have very dark blond hair almost pure black not sure if dark blond could be considered any shade of black . 
  brown maybe . 
   when i was kid my hair was pure blond almost white . 
  but my eyes are still blue . 
  so was mine . 
  it 's medium brown now . 
  eyes were always brown even when my hair was as blond as it gets . 
  i do n't really understand the point you 're trying to make . 
  her hair is clearly brown at the roots , i do n't imagine anyone would call that blonde . 
   is it ? 
  it is . 
  i literally do n't know anyone irl who is n't 100 % pro-eu . 
  that does n't mean that you wo n't find the occasional frustrated individual that hates this or that for whatever reason they can come up with , while completely ignoring reality and disregarding facts in the process . 
  it consulting . 
  it 's true that if the us falls it wo n't mean we 'll be doing good ( that being said , the us clusterfuck of 2008 did n't affect me negatively at all in canada ) , but it 's also true that while a weak cad can be good for certain local industries , it 's really bad for the average joe - we 're importing pretty much everything we use in our daily lives , and the prices are sensible to how strong our currency is . 
  even local producers will jack up their prices to whatever the market dictates . 
  the worst part is that usually once prices go up they rarely go back down , even if the currency strengthens again . 
  realistically though we 're far from what 's happening in russia these days ( although between you and i , i think the situation in alberta is rather bleak ) , it 's just that from a personal and financial point of view , with a canadian dollar weaker than 60 cents us it makes little sense for me to stick around . 
   love my country but if shit hits the fan i 'll be packing up and ensuring safety for my family . 
  and i can relate to your mentality . 
  we obviously do n't have it as bad as the russians have it , but i 've also never before seen non-organic tomatoes at $ 3.99 / pound or bananas $ 1.20 / pound . 
  my threshold 60 cents . 
  if the canadian dollar falls below 60 cents us i 'm out . 
  to be quite frank , i would n't either . 
   i would have assumed that the percentage would be higher in romania than 68 % . 
  i 'm actually quite surprised it 's that high , as personally i do n't know anyone at all who has ever expressed that they 'd want a union with moldova . 
   we should aspire to a controlled migration and multiculturalism on the level of the us or canada . 
  not sure if that would work in europe for several reasons , but i will state the most obvious one : in the us specifically , and in canada to a certain degree , multiculturalism paradoxically works because of nationalism . 
  in schools in the us kids pledge allegiance to the flag every morning , while in canada they stand for ( or sometimes even sing ) the national anthem , which makes kids identify with these countries . 
  also , although canada prides itself with * diversity , not assimilation * , society teaches kids that they are first and foremost canadians , and an overwhelming majority of immigrant children do n't speak their mother tongue when they grow up . 
  i do n't see this type of nationalism working out too well in europe ( unless it would be federalized of course , and that wo n't happen anytime soon ) . 
  teaching kids to be nationalistic would first screw with the union , and secondly i doubt immigrant kids would be regarded as say italians by the local population if they were of asian or middle eastern descent . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but it seems to me that due to the somewhat homogeneous population and centuries of history , people would be less inclined to accept outsiders as one of their own from the first generation . 
   plis look down on evriwone to ze ist \u00e4nt zaust-ist fromm ju . 
   fucking commieblocks canada was never behind the iron curtain , yet a lot of neighbourhoods in [ toronto ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7f/st_james_town1.jpg ) look like they were build by commies . 
  i do n't know why this buttugly architecture style was so popular . 
  how ? 
  i 'm paying $ 60 for 25mbps in toronto . 
  assuming you 're in toronto , are you on beanfield ? 
  is this actually popular in france ? 
  i 've only ever seen azerty in france and belgium , which was difficult enough to use because of the location of the punctuation marks , but this one seems downright painful to use if you 're used to qwerty ... 
  ... and we 'll all be using azerty keyboards i 'm sure . 
  mandarin has close to a billion native speakers already , so unless a large number of chinese will for whatever reason suddenly disappear by 2050 , the article is merely a lame attempt at franco-circlejerking . 
  yes , gib gas price increase pls . 
  living in canada my net worth has shrunk by 25 % this past year . 
  i 'd love to invest my money in stronger and more stable economies , but alas the cost of international assets are prohibitive right now , due to the canadian dollar being roughly on par with the monopoly dollar . 
  maybe i should get into the molotov cocktail export business . 
  i too like swedish chocolate . 
  their watches and army knives are also pretty sweet . 
  the names of the rivers you pointed out are all versions of way older names . 
  by your logic , because they have similar names in hungarian , romanian , and german , the germans might as well have come up with the names , which is not true . 
  they 're all simply variations of the following : timi\u0219 / temes/temesch - comes from the latin * tibiscus * some\u0219 / szamos/somesch or samosch - comes from the latin * samus * mure\u0219 / maros/mieresch - comes from the latin * maris * or * marisus * cri\u0219 / k\u00f6r\u00f6s / kreisch - comes from the latin * crisus * , * crisia * , * grisia * or * gerasus *, 
  and here 's its modern cousin , the digi fonf : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zghko39xzmy, 
   temes - hungarian male first name as far as i know temes ( timi\u0219 ) , in this context , comes from the name of the river that flows through this county , and from its latin name * tibiscus * , dating back to roman times . 
  other than that , some sections of the city look a lot like budapest , others look a lot like vienna , with buildings usually having a couple fewer floors than their austrian/hungarian counterparts . 
   y u no put what they shared , right there in the title ? 
  are you trying to get him arrested ? 
  when i was in seville last year , outside the historical centre the entire city looked incredibly similar to my home town of timisoara , romania . 
  i did not expect that on the other side of the continent . 
  i believe a lot of them would have stayed . 
  i know a lot of doctors from my generation that left only because it was so easy to leave and find a better paying job - the vast majority already had a job lined up for them in germany or france before they even left romania . 
  most of them would not have been motivated enough to leave if they would have had to get visas , apply for work permits , go on endless interviews , etc. 
  i 'm in it and left for canada in 2004 . 
  none of my doctor friends left before 2007 and i believe it 's for the reasons above . 
  not really . 
  germans are held in pretty high regard in romania . 
  the only jokes about germans that come to mind are the * `` an american , a german , and a romanian walk into a bar '' * kind . 
  ahem . 
  been living abroad for over a decade . 
  30 minute layovers are great though ( if all goes as planned ) , no time wasted waiting around in airports . 
  i did buy them from the same company . 
  this is the connection they gave me , and i 've been flying like this for many years without problems , other than my luggage sometimes arriving the following day and one missed connecting flight due to my transatlantic flight being delayed because of a snowstorm . 
  they eventually rerouted me through frankfurt , but i got there some 6 hours late , which i expect will happen this time around as well . 
   i have picked the wrong time to have holidays coming up . 
  same here ... 
  i 'll be flying from toronto to timisoara with a half hour layover in munich ... 
  the extra 20 minutes will probably make me miss my connecting flight . 
  i think the eu should decriminalise weed and give it to people for stress relief . 
  how many jamaicans that have blown themselves up do you know ? 
  exactly . 
  not sure if sarcastic or just another person who does n't know the difference between schengen and the european union . 
  ... and thus the oft-repeated question * `` is poland a central or eastern european country ? 
  '' * was finally answered . 
  there 's also latvia . 
  stop feeding the troll mate . 
  americans have guns , europeans have knives . 
  americans have manhattan , europeans have trollh\u00e4ttan . 
   it 's pushing more and more people to the right . 
  i 've been trying to explain this to people for the past couple of months . 
  censorship almost always backfires and pushes people into the wrong direction . 
  while i think most of us can agree that racism , baseless xenophobia , and personal attacks should n't be part of this sub , pointing out facts such as `` white ethnic swede attacked immigrant children '' is n't racist . 
  the opposite also is n't racist , and you 're not a nazi if you point out shit that migrants do , although your submission will likely be removed and dismissed as * low quality content * , maybe even get you banned . 
  i checked the sister sub a few times over the past year , and while a year ago it was fairly moderate in views , nowadays it 's a cesspool of right-wingers spewing racism without any reservation . 
  the sad part is that a lot of moderate / r/europe subscribers who got banned without a good reason go there and get exposed to that shit and they become more and more right-wing . 
  it would be smart to keep the person who was bitten in quarantine for a while , but having seen a movie or two in my lifetime i know that not only will the authorities not do that , but they will also leave the other guy 's corpse unsupervised overnight . 
  also , what were they thinking when they named the airline ~ ~ anilingus ~ ~ aerlingus ? 
   if you are at the top you get excellent education , but if not then fuck you .
