  greek food is amazing . 
  mexican food is acceptable . 
  taco bell is shit . 
  i would 've used nuke on one of them , but then i remembered they have more nukes than me . 
   are we becoming america ? 
  obviously not , the estonian is still very much alive . 
  what does that have to do with eastern europe ? 
   eastern europe is like our own reality tv show inb4 croatia is in southern europe and eesti is nordic . 
   at least in western romania i literally know more people in timisoara that speak german at least at a conversational level than people who do n't speak it at all . 
  but are n't the numbers for romania usually net salaries , while in france the 50k would be gross ? 
  i do n't know about france , but i have developer friends in germany who make around 50k , which translates into quite a bit less than 3000 $ net a month ( as far as i remember closer to 2500 $ , but i do n't want to be pulling numbers out of my ass ) . 
  it 's surreal - i tried to outsource some work from my company in canada to romania , and have been turned down so far by every developer i approached because they 're too busy . 
  they did n't even care to negotiate a salary or give me a quote , which makes me think that the salaries must be pretty good too . 
  my bad . 
  i was referring to the russian military presence in transnistria . 
  turns out that they passed a law in may terminating the agreement with russia . 
  that 's still not enough to consider `` salajan '' a dialect . 
  the words you enumerated are all considered regionalisms and most if not all of them come from hungarian because of the geographical location of salaj . 
  they 're also all nouns , and while regional verbs may also exist , they 're a lot less common , making it very difficult for someone from salaj to talk to someone else from salaj in a way that someone from bucharest would not understand what they 're talking about . 
  that 's the map of athens , not greece . 
  probably residential areas . 
   is reunification with moldova in the cards it is n't . 
  a lot of moldovans are russophiles and do n't want to unite with romania , the ethnic romanians from moldova can get romanian citizenship anyway , and a lot of romanians are against it also . 
  add the breakaway region of transnistria to the mix , as well as the fact that romania would n't be able to handle the unification financially , and the fact that it would then again be bordering russia , and you 'll see why romanians are less than excited about a reunification . 
  it 's nothing but a nationalist 's wet dream really . 
   perhaps romania has had more romanian nationalism , instead of regional/provincial nationalism . 
  this really depends on the area and it mostly overlaps with the historical regions mentioned above . 
  people from wallachia tend to be more romanian-nationalistic , dreaming of a greater romania ( where romania unites with the republic of moldova ) , while people from transylvania , or better yet the banat region ( western part , bordered by hungary and serbia ) tend to be a lot more regional-nationalistic , dreaming of a decentralization of the state and even regional autonomy . 
  but they all speak the same language anyway . 
   dialect does n't mean that they have to be incomprehensible to each other that may be , but in romania the small differences noted above are not recognized as dialects , thus the map only shows one for the entire country . 
  that 's an interesting point , i have no idea why the language is so homogeneous . 
  the fact that romanians were living in transylvania , wallachia and moldavia , which were not united as one country for the longest time , and that the first romanian language school was only founded in 1818 also makes me wonder how come there are n't way more linguistic differences . 
  another intriguing thing is that if i read a romanian medieval document , apart from the fact that it uses a lot more old words of slavic origin than modern romanian , its content will be completely intelligible to me . 
  i 'm not sure those qualify as dialects . 
  sure , people from the north east have a different accent than the ones from the south west , they might use different words for certain items ( i.e. 
  a watermelon is called * lubenita * in the western part of the country - serbian influence , * harbuz * in the northern parts - ukrainian influence , and * pepene * pretty much everywhere else in romania ) , but probably close to 99 % of the words overlap , there are n't any differences in grammar , etc. 
  as far as i remember from school , there are n't any dialects within romania 's borders . 
  some linguists consider megleno-romanian , aromanian and istro-romanian to be dialects , others consider them to be languages of their own . 
  all of these are spoken in the balkan peninsula , but the number of speakers is very low . 
  i once met some istro-romanian speaking croatians on a flight and it was the weirdest thing - it sounded just like romanian but i could n't understand a word they were saying . 
  edit : missed a word . 
   i do n't think gun laws really matter . 
  really dangerous people are going to get guns illegally i think the gun laws do matter . 
  as you stated , professional criminals will get guns regardless of the law , but a disgruntled neighbour can potentially also become really dangerous if he has access to a gun . 
  i do n't think many angry neighbours would jump through the necessary hoops to illegally get a gun just to teach you a lesson for playing your music too loud when they 're trying to get their beauty sleep . 
   in hungary it was 95 . 
  i found this number to be pretty high to be honest , but it seems to be fairly low compared to bigger countries like france or germany . 
  yes . 
  every year i watch the following movies on christmas eve : - a christmas story - home alone ( 1 or 2 , alternating each year ) - ceausescu 's execution, 
   you 're english is n't good enough ( yet ) to get a half-way decent job in gaming or computers . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i 've worked with some chinese dudes that were making solid 6 figures while barely understanding the requirements they were provided with . 
  while it was very frustrating to work with them , it does n't mean that they were n't doing a decent job once they understood what was asked of them . 
  op 's english is definitely good enough to work in the industry , and if he 's good at what he 's doing , he 'll find a good job , not just a half decent one . 
  no , it 's kebab . 
  he probably has a lot of time on his hands and somebody thought he 'd do a good job at filtering posts . 
   a sizeable chunk of the / r/europe population despises me . 
  i do n't see how that would be an impediment . 
  / u/dclauzel is n't exactly the popularity king either . 
   recovering well by the way i 'm happy to hear that . 
  not surprised . 
  the only thing i 'm surprised about is that you 're not a mod yet , as you do seem to have the fascistic prerequisites . 
  i agree with you - most people here do n't speak english as their first language , so mistakes will definitely be made and most people are okay with that . 
  english is also the most commonly spoken second language in this sub , and that 's why i think it 's annoying to duplicate the content in another language that most people here do not speak . 
   dclauzel 's english is just pretty bad so because somebody 's english is bad it 's acceptable to annoy the entire community , while masking it under the false pretense of multilingualism ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i noticed his grasp of the english language is very limited so you 're probably right , but his selfishness is surreal . 
   reddit has a far too great influence on your life all it does is confirm the stereotypes that people have . 
  to be frank you 're not really helping the cause either . 
   this mod is a fucking idiot !, 
  feel free to go through the archives and see how people politely used to let him know what he 's doing is annoying 6 months ago . 
  everybody 's patience ends eventually . 
   fuck french with their language and shit !, 
  in all honesty i used to like the french language , i read ast\u00e9rix in french , watched french movies in french , and found the french arrogance mildly amusing but definitely not annoying . 
  dclauzel managed to make me cringe every time i see something written in this language ( and it 's even more annoying since i live in canada , where pretty much all instructions are written in the style of dclauzel ) , and is slowly making me want to hitch a ride on the anglo bandwagon of french hate . 
   you know where is this bled ? 
  bled - * town in slovenia * bled - * past tense of to bleed * fellas , i think i figured out why he insists on writing everything in french - the guy ca n't speak any english and probably uses google translate . 
  he knows it , there 's no way he missed the fact that he 's pissing off half the community here . 
  he just does n't seem to give a flying fuck about anybody else 's opinions though . 
   if a lot of people would inform him it is annoying he might back down you 're forgetting one important detail - he 's french , and nationalistic too , therefore he thrives on annoying people . 
   i suggest you go and fuck yourself . 
  mods , mods !, 
  being arrogant ? 
  he 's not the only one , he just takes it to the next level . 
  you do n't see germans writing * yeah let 's rant over the germans one more time . 
  * you do n't see belgians writing * yeah let 's rant over the belgians one more time . 
  * you do n't see finns writing * yeah let 's rant over the finns one more time . 
  * do you see the pattern ? 
   dclauzel is n't pushing some kind of french agenda to overtake / r/europe . 
  are you serious ? 
  if it had been any other user i would 've agreed with you , but i ca n't help but think that most of this crap is intentional when it comes to him . 
  how about your countrymen behave like everyone else here instead , without trying to act like they have three pairs of testicles just because they 're french ? 
  even the title is french . 
  `` megathread '' was apparently not good enough , so an '' * \u00e9 * '' was required , and not only is '' * attentat * '' rarely used in english , but it also means something else , namely * an attempt to commit a crime of violence -- usually used of an unsuccessful attempt at a political crime . 
  * but no , muh french nationalism !, 
  can we please add some normal and balanced people to the mod team soon ? 
  because apparently if you 're obnoxious enough to piss everybody off by trying to stand out and be * special * , you get added to the mod team . 
  he 's on paid leave while the rest of the team does an * internal investigation * . 
   how on earth did you get on the moderation team ? 
  the mod team has become a joke , that 's how . 
  i feel like they 're adding some people just to rustle the jimmies of the community .
