  soviet occupation of romania at 2:26 9 . 
  2:40 ceau\u0219escu takes power 10 . 
  2:43 romania strengthens its ties with the usa and african nations while distancing itself from the soviet union 11 . 
  2:46 ceau\u0219escu visits china and best korea and decides he likes the asian-style personality cult type communism better 12 . 
  therefore he builds useless buildings to show off ( the current parliament building ) while crippling the economy ( starting at 2:52 ) 13 . 
  3:01 is literally [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/wwibctz_xwk?t=168 ) 14 . 
  3:05 us agents support the revolt 15 . 
  3:16 transition period is over , democracy index and hdi going up , the eu decides it 's time for romania to join i 'm sure there are plenty more but i ca n't find any others right now . 
   hungarian names for cities in ardeal  does n't differentiate between banat and ardeal  triggered, 
  plus a shitton of common history . 
  anecdotally , my great grandmother was born into a greek family in dobruja . 
  [ here 's a map of the greek diaspora ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_diaspora#/media/file:50_largest_greek_diaspora.png ) for refrence - it 's insignificant in portugal , and probably considerably lower 100 years ago . 
  you 're wasting time replying to a day old troll account . 
  it 's not necessarily the pronunciation that makes a language difficult , it 's the grammar . 
  in german verbs can ( and will ) be split into two , one half being the second word in a phrase , the other half the last . 
  and do n't even get me started on the articles ( * der/die/das * ) , that occasionally even native speakers mess up in accusative/dative . 
  from what i can tell ( i 'm approximately intermediate in french ) the main difference between french and romanian grammar are the future tenses , but nothing crazy like taking words apart and reshuffling them depending on the tense . 
  pronunciation-wise i think the most difficult for non-germans is the * r * - sound , that even transylvanian saxons that have lived pretty much their entire lives in germany ( see peter maffay ) can not seem to get right . 
  a bit surprised with the results for romania - would 've totally expected german instead of french to be perceived as the second most important foreign language . 
  i guess it depends a lot on the area where the survey was conducted , pretty sure french is considerably more popular in the southern and eastern parts , and german in transylvania and the banat region , where foreign companies from german speaking countries are more commonplace . 
   when you come to the beach in the morning ( if you go in the morning , that 's a whole other issue ) and everything is already full of towels , yet no one is around . 
  that 's infuriating . 
  that was the case of course , i would n't move people 's stuff around if they were out for a swim . 
  i have taken `` reserved '' sunbeds twice . 
  did n't burn the towels , but brought them over to the beach bar . 
  on one occasion the people who `` reserved '' the sunbed showed up three ( !!! ), 
  hours later , and when they asked about the towels i said i did n't see any towels and maybe they should ask the guys at the beach bar if they 've seen anything . 
  they got their towels from the bar and left . 
  second time around a couple of women showed up after about an hour , frantically moving around the place clearly looking for something . 
  i asked them what they 're looking for and they said they 're looking for their hotel towels . 
  told them there were a couple of towels laying on the ground and i took them to the beach bar . 
  they thanked me and were on their way . 
  there are plenty of ways you can deal with this , without destroying property or getting into a fight . 
  the easiest way is taking the towels from several sunbeds and just stack them on one bed . 
  that way when the people who had `` reservations '' finally arrive , you 're not going to be the only one who will have to deal with them . 
  no need to get angry mate , i did n't say it 's bad - i was just pointing out that canada is considerably more political correct than most countries in europe . 
  if you work in retail in canada you 're instructed to never say merry christmas to anyone , not even on christmas eve , because it might offend somebody . 
  i 've never heard that anywhere in europe , and last time i flew to europe for christmas , they were saying `` frohe weihnachten '' over the p.a. 
  in frankfurt airport . 
  you would never ever hear that in canada . 
  i honestly do n't remember any store employee ever saying to me anything but happy holidays during the christmas season in canada in over a decade . 
   it 's not that bad . 
  when 's the last time you heard someone say `` merry christmas '' to you in a public place ? 
  there are two very big differences you do n't seem to take into consideration : 1 . 
  a lot of the murders in the balkans are targeted and mob-related ; 2 . 
  if you do n't go to bad neighbourhoods the chance of being a victim decreases tremendously . 
  there 's a possibility that the average citizen might just be safer over there at the moment . 
  josef fritzl or the other guy ? 
   eating at a restaurant ( 2 course daily menu ) once a day for one person is 4-5 euros i get the feeling they 're ripping me off when i 'm visiting then . 
  a two course meal in my experience is around 10-12 $ in bigger cities . 
  still not a lot , but twice to thrice as much as your estimate . 
  also , 3 camere = 2 bedroom . 
  again , not saying it 's not cheap - just that in my experience it 's not * that * cheap . 
  please do n't feed the troll . 
  you do realize that the bull is killed regardless of the matador living or dying . 
  you do realize that these thugs are probably uneducated imbeciles , not really thinking it through as much as you would . 
  there 's a price to pay , and while in time there might be benefits for paying that price , i do n't think that the positives would outweigh the negatives for romania , a country that by european standards is * still * rather poor . 
  if romania would have the gdp of say austria , then maybe it would be able to economically survive a union with moldova . 
   people in moldova are not any less smart than the people in more western countries . 
  i never said that . 
   theirs is not a society of uneducated barbarians i never said that either . 
   and calling them idiots just because they came to different conclusions i also did n't call them idiots . 
  what i did say is that a union with romania would be very difficult due to cultural differences mainly caused by external influences . 
  i also said that propaganda and indoctrination both work on people , and moldovans happen to have been subjected to soviet propaganda and indoctrination for many decades . 
  similarly i could say that americans have been subjected to american indoctrination and propaganda , otherwise your average redneck joe would n't be so vocal about being # 1 in every single field , when he personally clearly is n't . 
  i 'm not nationalistic , nor do i care about unions ( other than a federal europe ) , but there are certain things that happened in the past that can not be ignored . 
  my goal is n't to offend or diminish , i 'm just stating facts . 
  for instance , moldova was part of the historical region of moldavia , half of which is now part of romania and identifies as romanian . 
  moldavia spoke the same language as wallachia , which was n't russian . 
  it was forcefully annexed by the soviet union , and the soviets have pushed their indoctrination agenda everywhere behind the iron curtain , more so within the union itself . 
  if you believe that the pro-russian stance in a country that historically shared way more things with romania than russia is n't the result of decades of propaganda , you are na\u00efve . 
  it 's just a nationalist 's wet dream , and it 's highly unlikely to happen in our lifetime . 
  a lot of moldovans are russophiles , for generations they 've been indoctrinated that they 're either moldovan or russian ( i.e. 
  definitely not romanian ) , and a lot of people who support the union do n't understand that although the language is basically the same , the culture really is n't . 
  transylvania and the south have been united for a hundred years now , people have been forcefully moved during communist times from one place to another in an attempt to create a more homogeneous culture , yet a visible gap still exists . 
  i can only imagine what would happen if you add yet another culture ( that also happens to be pro-russian while the rest of the country is anti-russian ) to the mix . 
  well i can tell you what could go right - sewage systems , electricity , pavement , industry , transportation , trade , you know , basically what they did last time to a bunch of places that had been under turkish occupation for 200 years prior to their arrival . 
   i think many people thinks like me , thus ultimatelly , the skilled labour from ee will not see uk as the 1st migration destination . 
  i 've been living in canada for over a decade , working as a software architect . 
  i 'm planning on moving back to europe soon and was considering the uk as a potential destination . 
  not anymore baby , not anymore . 
  of course he would , he 's not that big of an idiot . 
  that being said , it 's easy to condemn something you 've been indirectly condoning all along when it happens . 
  was this in germany or the uk ? 
  ( asking because of your flair ), 
  i do n't know what the immigration laws are like in britain , but for most countries once you 're a * resident * you 're not merely a * guest * anymore . 
  sure , you wo n't have the same rights as a citizen , can get deported under certain circumstances ( mostly because it was you fucked something up ) , but you 're still not considered to be just visiting . 
  funny enough , living in canada for over a decade i 've met quite a few brits that have been living here for many years , a lot of them since childhood , yet never bothered to get canadian citizenship . 
  they never bothered , because being residents of the country it would be quite a big problem to send them back if they have n't committed a crime . 
   because if the german guy was white , someone would * probably * be butthurt about it . 
  this way they * made sure * someone would be butthurt about it . 
   post-ww ii , they were treated like shit i 'm an ethnic romanian from the banat region ( with some saxon ancestry but too diluted for it to count ) , went to a german school , and naturally the majority of my friends from school were swabian , and a few were even of austrian ancestry . 
  i can guarantee that at least in the '70s and '80s , when these government exchanges were taking place , they were being treated like everyone else ( like shit , but again , there was no discrimination ) . 
  if anything they were ( and still are ) held in high regard by the general population . 
  the vast majority were really fleeing poverty , not discrimination . 
   everything you said is not true it is true . 
  he also pointed out that there are other reasons too ( the ones you pointed out ) , but the lack of workers is a serious thing , especially if you 're looking for skilled workers . 
  on top of that , the shortage of skilled workers can also be seen at a personal level - if you want to renovate your house , or replace the roof , or pave your driveway , you 're screwed . 
  yes , you might * eventually * find someone to do it , but because of the lack of competition ( the good ones are usually abroad ) you 'll get high prices , shit customer service , and an even shittier workmanship . 
   we civilize our gypsies first you know it , i know it , / u/nidrach probably also knows it - this ai n't happening .
