  it was basically the streisand effect , although i 'm positive that * some mods * will brush it off as `` it would 've been ten times worse without the censorship '' . 
  sure , continue lying to yourself and pretend your agenda pushing has nothing to do with this sub going to shit . 
  ... because discussing sustainability automatically makes you a nazi . 
  the problem is that people on both sides do n't want to listen to a different opinion , immediately dismissing the arguments that they do n't like , instead of trying to understand a different point of view , even if not necessarily fully agreeing with it . 
   i 'd rather be a bigot leftist than a nazi in denial . 
  it 's like saying * i 'd rather not have my right leg instead of my left * . 
  both bigoted leftists and nazis are morons , mate . 
  it 's actually a bit worrisome to go through the comments and see how many europeans do n't actually know the difference between the european union and the schengen area . 
   handing out passports to moldovans if this is the issue , then schengen has absolutely no influence . 
  if a moldovan receives a eu passport , then they can go live and work anywhere in the eu , schengen or not . 
  agreed , but he 's been pulling this kind of crap for about 3 months now . 
  this type of approach usually backfires . 
  a lot of redditors disliked him to begin with because of this dual-language spam posts , but lately it 's really been getting out of hand . 
  hopefully we 'll look at this period a few months from now and go * `` remember when the mods made the mistake of adding frog stalin to the mod team ? 
  what were they thinking ? 
   but is it really that big of a deal ? 
  it is to some . 
  i 'm currently living in canada , but i do plan on returning to europe in the near future , and since i 've been spending roughly 1-2 months travelling through europe every year for the past 7-8 years i can tell you that i will miss the seamless freedom of movement greatly . 
  i believe many others will too , since over the past decade ( the lack of borders certainly helped ) more and more people started travelling extensively , experiencing other cultures , meeting other people , and building the european community that people had been dreaming of . 
  sure , reinstating the borders would just be a moderate inconvenience , but it 's a step back nevertheless . 
  and a dangerous step back while at it , since you never know what 's next in store for the eu . 
   i also think it will bother illegal immigrants more than you think honestly and it sends a message that they are doing something wrong . 
  they know very well that what they 're doing is illegal , but it being * wrong * depends a lot on which side of the barricades you are . 
  to them wanting a better life is n't * wrong * , hell even causing certain harm to others is not * wrong * according to some cultures . 
  it will be more difficult for them to cross on foot instead of packed in a lorry , but it 's not going to stop them . 
  it sure as hell did n't stop them from entering hungary via serbia , where there were border checkpoints - they still crossed the border on foot , before and also after the fence was up . 
  but it will affect you , and it 's likely to affect you more than it will affect illegals ( i really do n't like this term , i do n't believe that a human can be `` illegal '' unless they 've caused harm to somebody else , but that 's a whole different discussion ) . 
  the point is that you will have to stop at border crossings again , possibly have your car searched , possibly have to wait in long lines until other cars get searched , etc. 
  meanwhile , the `` illegals '' will continue to cross borders through the woods and bodies of water , most of them not bothering with the official border crossings . 
  [ here 's what 's happening ] ( https://i.imgur.com/33gxrfr.png ) in a nutshell . 
  we 've seen it happen in the us after 9/11 and still we do n't believe it can happen to us . 
  brother , brother , but not slav . 
  what america does n't know about europe is that the tax is included in the price . 
  europe : $ 36 wine america : $ 2 wine , $ 0.25 tax , $ 34 tip, 
  my guess is that it 's partly due to the fact that they all grew up with the stories of their great grandparents that told them the things were better before joining romania , mixed with a good portion of nostalgia and what-ifs . 
  also keep in mind that the lives of romanians in austria-hungary were not as bad as we 've been taught in our history classes in school . 
  even the peasants owned land and were not serfs , unlike in moldova and wallachia , where malnourishment and starvation were commonplace and culminated with a bunch of revolts followed by many years of communism . 
  what we 're taught in school is filled with a lot of nationalistic propaganda first introduced by our * friends * the commies , which led to the absurd dacopathy we 're experiencing today , and which is by and large unfounded . 
   you 're not true romanian . 
  of course not , you 're banatian not romanian . 
   muntenia ( bucharest and the south ) ... they do n't have an accent hahahahaha !, 
   transylvania & banat - calm , calculated , hard working , honest , westernized that 's how us transylvanians/banatians see ourselves . 
  the rest of the country actually sees us as follows : transylvania - slow ( as in dumb ) and without a sense of humour . 
  banat - arrogant , think they 're better than everyone else , miss austria-hungary greatly , and think they 'd be up to par with at least austria economically and culturally speaking if not for the rest of the country holding them back , while most of them are actually naturalized oltenians , therefore no better than anybody else . 
  no mate , obviously a lot of people are still in denial . 
  from my experience it 's mostly people who ca n't understand that rights are accompanied by responsibilities . 
  to be honest , some romanians still hold the same opinion of romanian immigrants . 
  there are , but as far as i know , unless they 're actively under investigation for a crime or explicitly banned to enter the schengen area , they can cross the border perfectly legally . 
   the driver is romanian goddammit ... 
   what happened to this policy ? 
  the policy will be altered and your comment removed , citizen . 
  seriously , screw this sub , i 'm out . 
  i love european comedies in general , french and serbian in particular , and i actually consider them superior to their american counterparts . 
  french - les visiteurs ( 1 & 2 ) , ast\u00e9rix et ob\u00e9lix ( mission cl\u00e9op\u00e2tre only ) , taxi , most louis de funes movies . 
  hypocritical even . 
  i 'd argue it 's because they 're not tired of this crap yet that there were a lot of newer members who posted here . 
  requests have been repeatedly made over the past year for dclauzel to stop the dual language bullshit as it takes away from the flow of the conversation . 
  mods have been asked to step in and instead of doing what the community asked them to do , promoted the guy to be a mod , a position that he started abusing pretty much immediately . 
  that 's when many people ( myself included ) realised it 's rather pointless to try and change something , because no matter how many valid points you make , nobody will give a flying fuck . 
  also , just because some of the users who posted here are new does n't mean they 're not part of the community . 
  save for the occasional throwaway troll account , these are legit users who whether you like it or not are indeed part of / r/europe . 
  mate , what happened in the video was n't staged . 
  they posted the raw video and let people make up their own mind about the situation . 
  hiding information from people is just as much shifting people 's attitude towards immigrants in a certain direction . 
  i personally do n't have a strong opinion on the migrant situation yet , therefore i 'd like to see both sides of the story . 
  a few days ago i submitted a thread asking people who have interacted with migrants to share their experiences , and since most experiences were positive the thread got downvoted into oblivion . 
  that sucked , and i believe it was due to brigading , but that does n't mean they should censor submissions that do n't match a certain mod 's agenda . 
  this , a thousand times this . 
  instead of turning the whole subreddit into a clusterfuck of agenda-pushing between mods , they should just remove the nationalists ( * j' ecris en francais parce que c'est la meilleure langue honhonhon * ) and people with a proven track record of abuse from the mod team and replace them with people who are actually neutral and want this sub to be good for everyone , not just themselves . 
  he 's the ellen pao of this subreddit . 
  i have never seen anyone but her and our frog to be so hated by a community yet insist that the community is at fault that they 're an unpleasant presence . 
  you 're wasting your time and breath on a throwaway account mate . 
  alright , i can see that you have your mind made up so i 'm going to stop trying to convince you otherwise since there 's no point . 
  since it 's so easy to show off to poor simpletons , you 're more than welcome to visit and show off in your collection of lamborghinis and ferraris , all while blocking a few main roads without getting arrested . 
  because you know , if you have never seen a rich gypsy , they must not exist . 
  they 're not a few mate , there 's tons of them . 
  of course they will not show off in italy , germany or france because authorities might go and ask them where they got the money from . 
  but when they visit romania they go all out . 
  i 'm not gon na go into detail about the gypsy clans that make up the real estate mafia that controls some of the biggest cities in romania , but i can tell you that in the early nineties some friends of mine where in the same class with a guy who was some 3 years older than them and came from a gypsy family that had left for belgium in 1990 . 
  they were renting cars , insure them , crash them , make a deal with the rental company to take care of the repairs and repair them in car service shops that they owned , and cash the entire insurance ( which obviously was substantial ) . 
  it was basically insurance fraud , and they did that well into the late nineties and were absolutely loaded . 
  and these were the * good * guys who only ripped off insurance companies , and did n't traffic people or run begging or prostitution rings . 
  i like the way hochdeutsch sounds ( i especially love how descriptive the words usually are ) , i like flemish ( it 's a lot more pleasant to my ears than netherlands dutch , sorry guys ) , i like spanish and italian , and i like serbian , which i to my ears is the most melodic of the slavic languages . 
  the one language that i really do n't like and sounds like scraping your fingernails across the board is russian . 
  it 's got nothing to do with the anti-russian circlejerk , i just do n't see how anyone could find that language beautiful . 
  another one that could be a beautiful language ( and i 'm sure a lot of you will consider it to be beautiful ) is french . 
  but alas , it is not beautiful to my ears not because of how the language can sound ( it sounds good when people speak it normally in movies or songs ) , but because of how most french people speak it : it 's almost as if they 're in kindergarten and they have to reach the most absurd tones with their voices while speaking it , instead of speaking like adults . 
  i 'm not sure how to explain this ... imagine a german person speaking french without a german accent - that 's how french could be beautiful to my ears . 
  edit : forgot a few words here and there . 
  oh my sweet summer child ... 
  since i 'm thousands of kilometers away , where people hardly talk about europe other than when they post their photos from their one week vacation in paris or london , and where people call the sagrada familia `` that big church in spain '' , the internet is pretty much the only place i can get an idea about what the general european population is saying . 
  this subreddit , good or bad , is generally more balanced than the comments people post on news sites , and this thread is proof to that . 
  thanks dude , i really appreciate this insight into their lives and the fact that you took the time to write it all down . 
  while i still believe that there might be some people that are n't as oppressed as they claim to be , i 'm sure a lot of them have been through hell and back and deserve a chance to a better life . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  yes , if you do n't mind , please go into detail , i 'm sure i 'm not the only one interested in the stories . 
  it 's intriguing that the perilous journey is the reason most of the migrants are able bodied men , as opposed to families . 
  to be honest when seeing all the pictures of men on boats i was a bit skeptical about their motives , but now it makes more sense . 
  i assume once they get some sort of refugee status they would be able to bring their families along ? 
  also , any idea why getting a visa takes so long ?
