  let 's not make excuses for the telecom oligopoly we have in canada . 
   landlords now have to disclose previous tenant 's rent and you can contest if the new rent is higher than the prescribed increase  condo rentals are subject to the same regulations as rental apartments these two are fucking amazing , and i had no idea qc had them . 
  i love dogs , but i think i would prefer these to the non-eforcement of the no pet policy . 
   also canada and oz , to some degree ontario rent control policies are actually some of the best in the world for the tenant . 
  basically if you rent a place you 'll have most of the rights , including a set limit for yearly rent increases , no discrimination whatsoever - yes , this includes kids and pets , something that very many european landlords tend to discriminate against , acceptable rules for minimal ambient/water temperature , etc. 
  meanwhile landlords have fairly limited rights , but that does n't stop them to act like assholes and trying to impose their own rules ( which are not backed by the law ) . 
  as a tenant you can just disregard their rules as they 're not backed by the law and they ca n't really do anything about it . 
  if they say `` no pets '' and you move in with your dog , the only thing you have to worry about is any potential damage caused by the dog . 
  the same does n't apply to quebec though . 
  i visited some friends earlier this year and they own a condo in a building that does n't allow any dogs whatsoever , not even if they only come visit ( they have a concierge who plain and simple wo n't let you in with a dog ) , although they are not renters but owners . 
  this is unheard of in ontario . 
   eu citizens working in britain lose their right to work and are deported i thought they said this brexit rule would not apply to current residents . 
   so they revoked visa free travel for romanian temporarily . 
  i think you 're thinking about czechs . 
  romania never had visa free travel to canada in recent history . 
  eastern 11 . 
  cz , hr , and possibly pl will be triggered , but there 's no escaping . 
  one of us . 
  one of us . 
  most romanians who live in areas where hungarians form a large minority get along with them just fine . 
  i 'm from the banat region ( light green on the map re . 
  hungary ) and the only hungarian i ever hated from the bottom of my heart was my highschool math teacher , and it definitely was n't because she was hungarian . 
  the areas where people do n't like hungarians tend to suffer from confirmation bias . 
  they do n't meet hungarians every day , and when they do they tend to be offstandish because they think hungarians hate them . 
  if the hungarian person they meet is nice , they 'll say that 's just an exception , but if they 're an asshole they 'll go `` see , i told you they 're assholes '' and base their opinion of all hungarians on that interaction . 
  i did n't insinuate they 're mentally ill , i just said the majority of them are intellectually challenged . 
  these challenges can manifest themselves through fear of the unknown , fear of change , hate caused by the aforementioned fears , non acceptance of irrefutable proof , a preference for prayer to actions that might actually solve a problem , and so on . 
  most religious people tend to have at least a few of the above , with a considerably higher prevalence in poorer economies . 
  i also never said that what i 'm not is less good - i have zero issue with other races , homosexuals , women , people that are smarter than me , better looking , poorer , or richer than me . 
  incidentally a lot of religious people have issues with those groups , so following your logic all they 're all bigots themselves . 
   a ridiculous majority of religious people have perfectly normal intelligence people of normal intelligence tend to leave their imaginary friends behind once they reach puberty . 
  indoctrination can however alter one 's perception of reality and make perfectly smart people act stupid . 
  i think it 's better if the dogs shit in the grass in the small green strip that some streets have between the sidewalk and the road instead of in the middle of the sidewalk . 
  i still agree with you on picking up after your pet . 
  nafta is nothing like the eu . 
  ft in nafta stands for free trade , and that 's literally all there is to it . 
  and while i do n't know the inner workings of nafta , i know for sure it does n't even apply to individuals . 
  if you 're ordering something from the states you 'll still pay duty on it if you live in canada , which is not the case when the same happens between two eu countries . 
  but most of the ones that are world heritage sites were built in the middle ages . 
  the newer ones are generally butt-ugly . 
  like [ this ] ( https://www.google.ca/maps/@45.7625804,21.2481258,3a,75y,205.58h,107.43t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s97zvbrqedettckebyxznvg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) for instance , or [ this ] ( https://www.google.ca/maps/@45.752151,21.2508668,3a,75y,249.38h,107.9t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sfvib5oxs1jyenw2bwlwtvq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) , or many others . 
  ... but have you met these people ? 
  it 's not necessarily cause and effect , but a ridiculous majority of religious people are somewhat intellectually challenged . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  while i 'm not religious myself , i can respect and admire churches from an architectural perspective . 
  that is not the case with orthodox churches in romania though , most of them - especially the newer ones - being some of the ugliest buildings you 'll ever see , second only to commie blocks . 
   we do n't do pedophilia over here . 
  but dj boros was just [ arrested ] ( http://stirileprotv.ro/stiri/actualitate/dj-boros-retinut-de-diicot-cluj-pentru-pornografie-infantila-si-sex-cu-minori.html ) for this very reason . 
  in my experience it 's pretty standard in canada . 
  but you can sometimes find hose type showers at the home depot , or online pretty much all the time . 
  just buy one and take it with you wherever you move . 
  that 's what i did . 
  romanians still have a pretty good reputation this side of the pond , arguably even better than the reputation they used to have in western europe before the late '90s . 
  they 're generally regarded as good professionals who integrate well , do n't really stand out , and do n't cause trouble . 
  that 's all due to the visa policy and the fact that the scum ( not just gypsies , but anyone with a criminal record ) is kept out of canada , and pretty much all immigrants and expats have an education . 
  i can see that reputation going to shit real fast similarly to how it did in scandinavia , france , britain , etc. 
  additionally , canadians are generally very chill and trusting people , many of them do n't even lock their doors , delivered packages are often just left in plain sight on porches , so romanian criminals will have a field day . 
  i 'm sorry , i should 've specified i was talking about ontario . 
  ca n't really speak for any other provinces , though i 've been told that some of them tend to be a bit more accepting of the metric system . 
  the big chain grocery stores here have the prices in lbs , with a small footnote that states the price in kilograms . 
  i have yet to see a privately owned corner store that bothers to write down the metric conversion though . 
  ounces are also used in restaurant menus , not just for drinks . 
  when 's the last time you ordered a 300g steak or burger ? 
   i happily accept that ~ ~ bribe ~ ~ fine art donation !, 
  the dna would like a word with you . 
   so does canada . 
  that 's debatable . 
  officially canada uses the metric system . 
  in reality though , due to the geographical proximity to the usa as well as the reticence of older people to get used to the metric system , canada still mostly uses imperial . 
  metric is used for temperature ( outside temperature that is , cooking is done exclusively in fahrenheit ) , distances and speed ( although most of the time distances are expressed in hours of travel time instead of kilometers ) , and liquid volume ( to an extent ) . 
  your average canadian wo n't be able to tell you how many cm tall they are ( although it 's written on their driver 's license ) , nor how many kilograms they weigh , nor how many square meters their house is , and the examples can continue . 
  in day to day life imperial is still king here . 
  so from canada 's point of view , bulgaria and romania are indeed * inching * closer to visa-free travel . 
   at the last census these were the results they also skew the results unfortunately so that the church keeps its power . 
  realistically i think the results would be closer to poland 's . 
  back when i was in high school ( some 16 years ago ) , religion as a school subject was `` optional '' . 
  which meant that it really was n't optional , unless you were n't either orthodox or catholic - then it was optional . 
  so along with two other classmates i declared myself an atheist . 
  the school administration lost its shit because it thought this would make the school look bad . 
  eventually after a lengthy process which involved several meetings with the principal and vice principal , calls to our parents , and subtle threats from some teachers , they finally gave in . 
  to this day the school probably only has three atheists in its records , although there were considerably more of course , but the others either wanted to use the religion grades to improve their overall school results , did n't want to cause a ruckus , or plain and simple did n't care . 
   smokers not respecting smoking bans i went to austria twice this past winter . 
  was a bit surprised to see that smoking is still permitted in most establishments , including some restaurants . 
  i do n't think it 's difficult to respect smoking bans when the bans are relatively relaxed . 
  i 've worked with russians and chinese in both small and big companies across the pond . 
  almost all russians that i 've worked with were brilliant , but that definitely was n't the case with the chinese . 
  maybe one in ten was a good programmer , if that , and they definitely do n't excel at programming as a whole . 
  it 's true , they 're super hard working , but sloppy and disorganized , and in my experience deliver non-optimized code , so as / u/kuikuilla [ pointed out ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/51ep9p/which_country_would_win_in_the_programming/d7bgv26 ) i have my doubts about the accuracy of this chart . 
  why do you think that ? 
  if anything , internet posts have a much bigger chance of reaching a much wider audience . 
  the video is fantastic , thanks for putting so much effort into it !, 
  i found the following messages , some of which are more obvious than others : 1 . 
  gavrilo princip shooting franz ferdinand at 1:05 2 . 
  a french ball running with the romanian army at 1:12 ( berthelot ? ), 
  renault/mercedes/ford on the tank at 1:15 . 
  i 'm sure there 's some message there , but i do n't know what it is ( clearly france/germany/usa , but that 's about it ) . 
  the hungarian-romanian war and the overthrowing of the communist regime of b\u00e9la kun at 1:29 5 . 
  the rise of the iron guard at 1:54 6 . 
  the short-lived national legionary state at 1:57 7 . 
  germany killing belgium and france ( invasion of belgium and france ) at 2:10 8 .
