  what i 'm trying to point at is that while cards and e-payments are convenient , everything becomes extremely inconvenient once the system stops working for one reason or another . 
  i too rarely use cash , but i do n't like the idea of that option being taken away from me . 
   and borrow money from them what money ?!, 
   they would literally have to come with you and pay for your purchases . 
   doubt anyone would care if the doner would cost 10 cents more . 
  10 cents is indeed very little , but you 're missing the point . 
  if a d\u00f6ner would cost 3 % more when paying by card , probably close to everything else would also be 3 % more expensive . 
  * most * businesses are n't stupid - the consumer will get to pay the fee in the end and it will add up . 
   bartering and illegal secondary digitial currency would emerge . 
  that is exactly what will happen . 
  imagine not even being able to sell your old couch without it being taxed or buying somebody 's used guitar and paying the sales tax on it . 
  the little tax freedom we have left will be gone and people are cheering because of the convenience it brings . 
   i 'm pretty sure at least 90 % of people do n't have more than $ 50 on them at any time so they would be fucked either way if their ban account is locked . 
  that 's a bit worrisome to be honest , but imagine not even having those $ 50 for small transactions . 
  or not being able to sell something you own because you ca n't get money deposited into your account since it 's locked . 
  you could n't even buy basics such as food or gas unless you find someone to barter with . 
   also banks could n't jack up fees for the same reason they ca n't do it now . 
  everyone would just switch to banks that do n't have crazy fees . 
  in many places banks can and do . 
  i live in canada and my bank account fees have increased pretty much every other year with pretty much every bank . 
  either way , the fees would be imposed by visa and mastercard , not the banks themselves , and they would apply to all banks in that country . 
   i get what you mean but unless you have lots of cash lying around a locked account is going to screw you over anyway , we get cash from atms from our bank accounts . 
  i 'm not even talking about rent , i mean even buying food , gas , a coffee , or a subway ticket to go talk to someone at the agency or the bank . 
   and it would n't be too hard to enforce maximum transaction fees , for example in the uk all bank owned atms are free and you can use them for free regardless of your bank which is n't the case in other countries . 
  so that 's an example of a fee being effectively controlled . 
  it 's cool that you have that in the uk , but atms would be useless in a cashless society , and if i 'm not mistaken both visa and mastercard can charge the bank whatever they want and the bank wo n't be operating at a loss just because the government does n't allow it to increase the fees . 
  they will likely create new fees to circumvent these regulations , and vendors will most likely shift these fees to the customer or the smaller ones will just go out of business . 
  the solution might be the government creating its own credit card services , but then you 'd still be at the pity of the government , which i guess is the whole point here . 
  either way , i 'm willing to bet ( you can use the remind me bot ) that within 5 years after the first cashless society is established transaction fees will increase dramatically in that country . 
  i 'm not even going to mention the traceability of every transaction ever and everything that entails privacy-wise , but what would happen if because of some fluke in the system the swedish tax agency locks your accounts ? 
  how are you going to buy literally anything until it gets sorted out and your accounts get unlocked ? 
  and what if banks unilaterally decide to increase the transaction fees to whatever percentage they want just because they can . 
  convenience comes at a price , and while i too use cash extremely rarely , a cashless society is something right out of 1984 to me . 
   taxis and kebap booths never even have card terminals which makes sense , since using a credit card is accompanied by a 2-5 % fee . 
  in most ( probably all ) western countries that fee is covered by the seller , but in all the asian countries i have visited it 's usually covered by the buyer . 
  would you be willing to pay say 3 % more for every purchase just for the convenience of using your card ? 
  now what if your country would be a completely cashless society and banks would increase the fee to 15 % just because they can ? 
  so you 're condemning verbal violence while condoning physical violence ? 
  you can go nuts quoting the manager , unlike the people you 're defending i do n't get triggered by words . 
   last time i 've checked verbal abuse is violence too . 
  which part of * i 'm not condoning this type of behaviour from management * did you not understand ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
   that does n't mean you can shit on a slice of bread and give it to a beggar and tell him he should be happy . 
  no , that 's exactly what it means . 
  slavery is completely unacceptable from every standpoint , but beggars , real or metaphorical , have the choice to do something else for a living if the current situation is unsatisfactory to them . 
  from what i understood they did have jobs , it 's just that the management was treating them badly , so a small group of workers took matters into their own hands and resorted to violence , which was shortly followed by the company relocating to poland and shutting down the entire factory in romania . 
  so not only did the vigilantes fuck themselves but also fucked all their coworkers over . 
  and yet some people here think their behaviour was justified ... 
   anything to keep any job is acceptable ? 
  no man , everybody has their limits , but beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  if you 're good at what you 're doing you can quit your job and tell the boss to go fuck themselves , knowing all too well you 'll be employed again within a week or two . 
  people do that all the time and sometimes the former boss comes back begging and promising raises . 
  but if you 're at the bottom of the food chain career-wise , maybe climb up a bit before acting like you own the place . 
  and no , violence is never a good idea , not even if you 're the bee 's knees in the company . 
  so the employees got laid off . 
  i bet they felt like `` they showed the management who 's boss '' while they were filling out their unemployment paperwork . 
  and what happened to the romanian workers ? 
  i 'm assuming the company got downsized for lack of investments and most of them lost their jobs . 
  just to be clear , i 'm not condoning this type of behaviour from management , but violence wo n't solve shit , if anything you 're digging your own hole . 
  i 'm pretty sure posting personal information ( which includes facebook profiles ) is against reddit rules . 
  no matter how much of an asshole this guy is , witchhunts like these are pathetic . 
  this is pretty much how every village fight would start in asterix comics . 
  * grabs ~ ~ popcorn ~ ~ roasted wild boar *, 
   i think it 's because he 's done nothing but pr stunts . 
  yeah , but that shit worked wonders for trudeau . 
  the guy did almost nothing but pull pr stunts and address low hanging fruit like gay rights ( something that the vast majority is okay with anyway , so no risk there ) and his ratings , albeit slightly dropping , are still through the roof . 
  oh and did i mention trying to limit freedom of speech ? 
  i guess the french are more down to earth than canadians and do n't just fall for a pretty face and irl circlejerks . 
  sure , but then all you 'll get is chinese tourists and some americans , leaving most europeans out of the game , which will make them hate tourists even more . 
   when billions of africans or asians starts to be more wealthy , and start to travel i ca n't talk about the africans , but after traveling se-asia for three months this year , i can tell you what will happen if the number of chinese tourists will increase : * you 'll see a huge increase of `` off limits '' attractions - chinese tourists tend to touch everything and take `` souvenirs '' , so in many places where there 's a lot of them , historical landmarks tend to have to be experienced from a distance as opposed to walking right in and immersing oneself in their history . 
  * the places that will not be off limits will have sections that will slowly start to fall apart - point in case the angkor temples in cambodia . 
  cambodia is relatively poor and not unlike most other se-asian countries , its government rampantly corrupt . 
  therefore they do n't seem to particularly care about anything but the money , and allow tourists to do whatever the hell they want , even if that means destroying unesco world heritage sites . 
  * everything will be more crowded and all tours will be rushed . 
  the vast majority of chinese tourists do n't really care much about what they 're visiting . 
  they 're doing it for the experience itself but rather just to take pictures/selfies that they 'll then share with friends and/or to transpose themselves in some of the movies that were shot on location . 
  since i mentioned angkor earlier , one of the guides i 've talked to told me that the only questions chinese tourists tend to have are related to where angelina jolie 's * tomb raider * was shot . 
  while you likely wo n't be on the same tour as them ( most of them only speak chinese ) , their tours will rush and disrupt any other tour that happens to be in their path . 
  and they have many , many tours . 
  * the environment will suffer . 
  i went diving in most places i visited , and in malaysia and thailand it 's a disaster . 
  chinese divers will disrupt the sea life , touch everything , break off coral , etc. 
  while in thailand some of the dive masters would admonish them once back on the boat , it seems that in malaysia anything goes . 
  the only thing that 's protected over there is the sipadan area , which only allows 200 divers per day , and unofficially limits the chinese tourists to a maximum of roughly 10 % of that . 
  hopefully europe wo n't be so hungry for money to let our landmarks go to shit for it , and if there will be a spike in chinese tourists i hope rules will be enforced and hefty fines ( and even jailtime if necessary ) be applied instead of ruining it for everybody . 
  same here . 
  must be a cultural thing . 
  been living in canada for over a decade , and although i 've gotten used to the service and mandatory tipping , i still do n't enjoy the fact that servers interrupt conversations because they have to fish for tips . 
  meanwhile my canadian friends tend to complain about the service they get while visiting europe , which to me is the best service i can get - if i need something i 'll call you , do n't come and interrupt conversations to ask me how the food is when i have n't even had a chance to taste it yet . 
  he is , but he 's the kind of politician that currently appeals to a lot of voters in canada , and to a lot of young voters worldwide - young , charismatic , presentable , very politically correct . 
  this is what most millennials want to see , and trudeau and his party know how to exploit this weakness . 
  he does his best to stay in the spotlight and whenever disaster strikes ( be it a terrorist attack or pretty much anything that gets covered by the news ) he 's the first to express his condolences , he distances himself from trump ( although the us is canada 's biggest trade partner by far ) and keeps close ties with europe , which boosts his popularity amongst voters and makes them forget about the bad economy that has n't significantly recovered since he came to power ( admittedly it 's not his fault the economy is shit , but it is his fault his cabinet did n't really do anything to fix it ) and the housing bubble that 's so bad that most millennials wo n't ever afford to buy their own property if it does n't burst . 
  case in point ontarians elected kathleen wynne as their premier mostly because she 's openly gay ( yes , this was actually part of her campaign ) not because of her political record , and lo and behold she fucked us so bad that pretty much nobody can stand her anymore . 
  did you think we learned anything from that experience ? 
  nope , we voted for pretty boy floyd here because he 's handsome . 
  ninja edit : to be fair harper fucked the country pretty bad before trudeau came to power and the economy is still recovering from his disastrous policies , so reelecting the conservatives would 've been a gamble . 
  the problem is that nobody was willing to give the democrats a chance after jack layton ( in my opinion the only great contemporary canadian politician ) died back in 2011 . 
   the legend of saint eric is one of my favorites yeah but it looks more like prince adam of eternia to me . 
   one of my teachers in middle school was called heidrun . 
  she was a cunt .
