i know of a village called \u0427\u0438\u0431\u0430\u043e\u0432\u0446\u0438 ( chibaovci ) , which literally translates to `` go away sheep '' . 
  i 've seen a sign about it while on the road to sofia . 
  we had german for two years in high school but it was n't taken nearly as seriously as english was . 
  all i remember is how to count to ten . 
  most people were using google translate on their phones to pass the tests . 
  they were compulsory classes . 
  not a chance , the state goes bankrupt tomorrow . 
  my region :( the northwestern region of bulgaria is the poorest region in the european union . 
  it is very common . 
  in a small town like mine most people park their cars on the sidewalk , while pedestrians usually walk on the road . 
  even on the main road there is a car passing only once every 2 minutes on average , so you can just get out of the way when it gets near . 
  in bigger cities you have to use the sidewalk obviously , but there are still a lot of cars parked there , so you have to go around them quite often . 
  bulgaria 's population has decreased by almost 2 million since the 80s , so emigration is certainly a problem . 
  i 've read several in english . 
  mostly science fiction and based on games or movies , like the mass effect books . 
  i also read a page or two from robinson crusoe in serbian once in a while , but i find myself having to google translate words every few sentences . 
  never studied the language , but it 's close enough to bulgarian where most words are either the same or very similar , and i can sometimes guess the meaning of others based on the context . 
  we have a military parade on the 6th of may , but our military is not in a very good shape compared to what it was during the cold war . 
  - romania we have the best relations with them . 
  we are always grouped together in eu matters , because of how similar the situations in our countries are . 
  however , they 've pulled ahead of us lately . 
  people started asking when will we reach the romanians . 
  they 're seem to be tackling corruption better than us . 
  - serbia i think they are the most closest culturally and linguistically , if we exclude macedonia . 
  they seem to be a bit overly nationalistic at times , but we live in the balkans after all . 
  serbian turbo folk music is quite popular here . 
  i enjoy listening to their language , because it sounds funny sometimes , due to the same word having a different meaning . 
  for example i know the serbian word for theater is '' \u043f\u043e\u0437\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0448\u0442\u0435 '' , but in bulgarian '' \u043f\u043e\u0437\u043e\u0440 '' means disgrace/shame , so '' \u043f\u043e\u0437\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0448\u0442\u0435 '' sounds like a place for public shaming . 
  - macedonia people consider them bulgarians , but they insist they are n't , which creates some tensions . 
  their language is the closest to ours , it sound like a dialect of bulgarian . 
  - greece they 're in a lot of debt , yet still a lot richer than us . 
  many people go on vacation there , or to work due to wages being a lot higher . 
  their ancient history is very interesting . 
  - turkey only country we need a border fence with , due to all the migrants passing through them . 
  turks are a significant minority here , there 's even a turkish ethnic party . 
  actually there are two now , since one half was pro-erdogan while the other was n't , so they split into two parties before the last election . 
  thankfully the pro-erdogan party could n't gather enough votes to get into parliament . 
  a lot of people feel uneasy about turkey and dislike it , because of the ottoman occupation in the past . 
  erdogan 's islamist and authoritarian tendencies are n't helping their image either . 
  the nonexistent kind . 
  my town is too small and poor to have trams . 
  well in my town almost everyone is growing some kind of food in their garden . 
  it would be more surprising if you did n't grow anything . 
  we grow tomatoes , cucumbers , apples , cherries , raspberries , lettuce and garlic in our front yard . 
  it 's a small yard though , so it 's just a little bit of everything . 
  also my grandfather has a small vineyard where he grows grapes to make rakia for home consumption , and my grandmother has another garden on the outskirts of town with potatoes . 
  my thermometer shows 30 degrees inside my room and its 7 pm . 
  i shower several times a day to cool off . 
  yes , i want more integration . 
  we 've been trying to join the euro and schengen for a long time . 
  a small town somewhere in switzerland . 
  wow !, 
  i had never heard of that before , but to my surprise i can understand it !, 
  that 's pretty cool actually . 
  seems like the creator knew what he was doing . 
  most likely because the load on the network is much less in that small town , than in prague . 
  there are too many people using the internet in a big city , which results in throttling due to limitations of the network infrastructure . 
  i usually have faster internet at night than during the day , same reason - less people are using it then and i get all that bandwidth for myself . 
   internet is a basic commodity like electricity and water by now . 
  as such the government should be in charge of it . 
  offtopic : wait a minute , you 're from czechia !, 
  is n't electricity privatized there too ? 
  there are 3 big private electricity suppliers in bulgaria , each controlling a different region . 
  in my part of the country , the electricity supplier is \u010cez , that 's a [ czech company ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%8cez_group ) !, 
  i am somewhat on the left , and i support more border control with turkey and reduction of immigration from outside of europe , especially from unstable countries where people have grown up in an environment of perpetual violence . 
  but our left wing is also in favor of that , so i guess there really is n't anything that only the right wing supports here which i like . 
  maybe lustration of people affiliated in any way with the communist regime , but i am not even sure most of the right would support that , seeing how our centre-right prime minister used to be a body guard for todor zhivkov , the communist dictator of bulgaria ... 
  nationalizing internet providers sounds like it will result in much slower speeds . 
  competition forces isps to offer faster internet , so that users pick them over another company . 
  plus it would make it really easy for the government to censure the internet and blacklist websites they do n't like . 
  and let 's not forget about being able to collect literally all of your data and monitor everything you do . 
  i am for self determination . 
  if a group of people that are the historical inhabitants of a place no longer wish their homeland to be part of another country , they should have the right to secede peacefully and become independent . 
  if you try to stop them by force , you 're basically saying that they are prisoners in their own land , and you are their occupiers . 
  i am bulgarian , so i can partly understand some other slavic languages , like russian and serbian . 
  obviously not anywhere near 100 % , but i can usually get the gist of what is being said , depending on the complexity of the sentence . 
  i want more countries to join , do n't want to kick out anyone . 
  we used to put '' \u044a '' at the end of words until 1945 , dunno why that was even a thing . 
  it makes it kinda hard to read old texts , because when we use '' \u044a '' now , it is much more pronounced , the word actually contains that sound , and it puts me off when every word ends with it . 
  sound like a caveman speaking when i read it in my mind . 
  we also had a few extra letters , whose sound was a combination of two others , so i guess they thought that 's unnecessary and got rid of them too . 
  speaking is hardest , because i do n't practice it . 
  people say i sound like i have soap in my mouth . 
  i 've had people think i 'm russian , happens quite often online . 
  they see cyrillic text , and assume it must be russian . 
  same when they hear an eastern european accent . 
  it happens sometimes when there 's a very strong lightning storm . 
  like once or twice a year . 
  and it 's always just my side of the street , houses across still have electricity while i sit in the dark : /, 
  not that often . 
  you can usually see them parked somewhere beside the road outside town , stopping random cars to check documents and stuff . 
  in bulgarian you can say '' \u043b\u0435\u043b\u0435 \u0431\u043e\u0436\u0435 '' or '' \u0431\u043e\u0436\u0435 \u0433\u043e\u0441\u043f\u043e\u0434\u0438 '' , most commonly used when you hear something absurd or ridiculous , or when you 're frustrated . 
  people just say `` omg '' when typing online though . 
  france is good at making movies . 
  lots of french movies are loved here , like asterix , taxi , and anything with louis de funes . 
  we consider them bulgarians , but they refuse to admit it , and both sides get angry . 
  then they provoke us further by distorting history , which is a big deal in the balkans . 
  well killing terrorists is good , but who 's going to pay for all the property damage ? 
  i heard civilians saying the blast broke all windows and caused cracks in their houses . 
  it 's better to use smaller precision guided missiles that wo n't cause so much damage .
