  : ddddd, 
  country is european . 
  turkey , europe . 
  fixed that for you . 
  i guess you have mistaken my flair with some other country 's . 
  yes , i am . 
   i 've heard that the club cracked down on these groups , forcing them to go underground . 
  ok that makes sense then . 
  [ some ] ( https://www.wykop.pl/cdn/c3201142/comment_jrzle06nwhmjads7kcopuu5k73yrnheg.jpg ) [ things ] ( http://www.swastika.cba.pl/teraz_img/legia.jpg?w=240 ) seriously does not match up . 
  does this eve happen in rts s ? 
  ah , i am sorry then . 
  it is a song composed before that . 
  it is basically how we as a country go downhill under the rule of erdogan . 
  [ pentagram ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtvnzrbs0ac ) [ moribund oblivion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yophrq8p3zi ) [ cenotaph ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjf4au3cgxm ) [ murder king ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lv8uz8wltgq ) [ black tooth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgdb-wnn9cq ), 
  by sucking another states up welfare also comfortable enough displacing natives when you do it yourself . 
  gotcha , usual diaspora hypocrite european . 
  says the australian-austrian . 
  : dd what are you doing down there boy ? 
  nah he does not . 
  i highly recommend you to learn which country i am from . 
  you literally argue that pkk and gulen has not commited a single crime . 
   casualties in attacks on police stations , politicians or military do n't count . 
  and yeaaaaah becaause when it is on european soil , you go bananas and want heads when there are incidents just pulling knives to the private securities not even officials . 
  are you a millennial ? 
  google your fucking own country 's history and pkk incidents on your soil and how you labeled them instantly terrorists when they went against you . 
  lol . 
  pathetic , just one word . 
  your lies are so obvious no need to deal with you anymore . 
  you are full of bullshit . 
  you are the one here who blatantly lie and spread misinformation and shamelessly still talking about credibility ? 
  you hypocrites are incredible . 
  seriously . 
  i never read mainstream turkish media . 
  erdogan is not my leader stop spreading bullshit , plus hitler 's approval was way more than erdogan 's so stop trying to equate your nation with mine . 
  i am not talking about kurds , stop equating whole ethnic group with terrorist organisation . 
  gulenists are more islamists and dangerous than tayyip and his goons so it shows your real hypocrisy and disgusting face to support and side with them when they suit your agenda . 
  thank you . 
  learn how to use google search and stop spreading your bullshit lies and propaganda . 
  so why are you comparing them with the russians to begin with then ? 
  it is far stretched comparison holding no logic at all . 
  and they are minority in turkish diaspora as well . 
  look up to the numbers . 
  i have zero sympathy for them , but comparing them to the russian diaspora citizens whom we saw how they acted in ukraine is laughable . 
  yeah you see riots and looting over a statue rather than political rally gathering . 
  this is so dramatic compare to them . 
  he can not . 
  he is obsessed with anti turkish ideas . 
  ahahahaha you learn how to use google search . 
   beside some innocent and unwanted civilian casualties it looks like that 's exactly what is happening . 
  now you are showing your true disgusting face . 
  fucker , the moment pkk acting not how you want , it is labeled as terrorist in germany tho . 
  your kin are hypocrite piece of shits . 
   strangely there was not a single innocent victim on kurdish side in this conflict . 
  why are you not stopping spreading your blatant lies ? 
  why are you still spreading bullshit bro ? 
  :d do you think that you are making us mad by calling us erdogan supporters or insulting erdogan ? 
  you can burn erdogan alive if you want . 
  lol pkk and ypg is worse and more of a threat than isis for turkey . 
  period . 
  are you by any chance cushy diaspora pkk supporter ? 
  dude , please !, 
  i am not gon na shame you by posting the screenshot . 
  i dont . 
  i like indian paneer most . 
  : ddd, 
  you sound very outdated with your erdogan supporter claim . 
  boring and not creative . 
  : dd i am against both of the designated terrorist groups . 
  yet you seem like supporting one of them . 
  very simple fact and not open to interpretation when they try to ally whomever wants to muppet them with a little bit of aid . 
  so much facts when they suit your agenda . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  lol . 
  what simple facts ? 
  simple facts which about kurds are the most secular muslims in me ? 
  are you even for real with your fact checks lol ? 
  :d i dont give a fuck about how many us troops the ypg/pkk killed . 
  i care about how many turkish soldiers and civilians they kill . 
  plus stop using kurds like they are a monolithic ethnic group . 
  what ? 
  lol i do not have any problem whatsoever with kurds . 
  what problem do you have with the realities and turks ? 
  who are you lmfao ? 
  that your false or biased knowledge should be taken seriously ? 
  go to streets , protest fully but without violence before it gets too late . 
  the kurds are the most secular muslims in the middle east and therefore the least likely to turn our investments into them against us . 
  and prevented the genocide attempt by the greek junta . 
  ok , i am sorry to accuse you then . 
  what ? 
  do you guys even read the articles of the threads or not ? 
  learn how to use quotation marks . 
  lol what kind of fucked up logic is this ? 
  i am not accusing anyone i am stating the facts in the recent history . 
  dudes think that they are son of god with pure sinless life . 
  lel perfect revenge mentality , celebrating the deaths of innocents after hundreds of years . 
  would not expect anything else from a neckbeard european anyway . 
  golden while bulgaria tried to ethnic cleanse turks in the 80s . 
   we should retake antioch . 
  nah but you can come to learn cook more than sarmale . 
  usual bullshitter and a liar with a turk obsession .
