  writing this ,  1k youths , many with immigration roots but less than half . 
  knowing germany that means most ( but not all ) of those `` youths with immigrant roots '' were of turkish decent . 
  those people were rioting and destroying stuff . 
  police suspects that there was too much alc involved . 
  while article writes this ,  police said earlier reports that a lot of youths with immigrant roots were involved in the confrontation were not true . 
  some people are truly pathetic . 
  it also means dirty in turkish . 
  ahahhaa sure bud from insults we came to the not so nice comments . 
  because you did not simply like them . 
   ) edit : lol special gentle lying snowflakes downvoting . 
   some users ( i assume turkish ) were pointing this out in that thread while hurling insults at armenia . 
  are you guys capable of posting or commenting something without twisting it or is it your regular habit ? 
  you would not survive as a turk online if you think there were insults on that thread . 
  where will you find a huge ex-soviet hotel in turkey ? 
  christian turk , please !, 
  let me discuss this with albanians . 
  lol :d we see clearly who is triggered , bro . 
  the most unorthodox ( :p ) mosque i have ever seen . 
  ] ( https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-giehql0x9cy/vwd8qsjwkzi/aaaaaaaaa8o/r7nnvgjy7psxhvhpn1rremkvcr42bphsa/s1600/138am20140214d8543.jpg ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugxdorw3q9q, 
  [ antakya , turkey . 
  ] ( https://www.sinefesto.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/can_ezan_hazzan.jpg ) habib-i neccar mosque and catholic church of antakya . 
  there is a synagogue very close by as well . 
  i wrote you when they have deleted when poles beat up turks . 
  lol holy hell its just one sentence above . 
  ahahha you guys are so obvious with your parrot style . 
  poland is a weird country like mine then . 
  they deleted a thread for local crime when polish thugs beat turkish and balkan students for the same reason . 
  ok thought about it . 
  did not change anything . 
  so these particular 110k syrians have safe space back in motherland ? 
  they can stay there then . 
  millions in turkey . 
  yes bro . 
  it says european map in german i guess . 
  : ddd ? 
  why are you denying your own geography maps now bro ? 
   did you guys ever have geography classes ? 
  bro , since you are german and had geography classes . 
  can you translate [ this map ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/ba/5b/a6/ba5ba6abb3b1cda953e0b97390042284.jpg ) from 1847 to me ? 
  : ddd, 
  i know bro , you are lucky that you have xanthi and komotini in greece where people accept you as how you are . 
  :d not most of the europeans are lucky as much as you are . 
  i can say why . 
  check the map on the right of the subreddit . 
  yes it does . 
  you can be gay in greece then . 
  yes . 
  ahahha :d no problem , bro . 
  my pleasure to educate an illiterate . 
  sure , it is natural that the numbers are low when you are the best buddies with saudi arabia . 
  thanks bro for being that one . 
  [ meanwhile zelda ( ! ), 
  is praying for allah after he broke the fast . 
  i guess his nephew sells/provides good weed . 
  his imagination is off the hook . 
  spare me your bullshit . 
  : ) ) i do not comment how it would be better off if narva was russian land . 
  ahahah i really personally do not care about some little estonian . 
  the thread is bout my country . 
  it is natural i would comment here regardless of being a week or month old thread . 
  them being not refugee in europe is definitely not our problem and legally they are not refugee in our land neither . 
  a leader with a spine would not give a fuck about what spoiled brats of europe think regarding to it . 
  luckily you have erdogan . 
  not our problem . 
  lol stick to your meme responses of bestonia now . 
  cuz you could not do it with bigger and strogner armenia and kurdistan being buddy buddies with russia . 
  oh wall of tralalalaaaalalaaaa . 
  as expected . 
  asking for proof while just bitching without any for decades . ? 
  also expected from a double faced nationalist . 
   bunch of illiterate peasant rebels against people who had oppressed them brutally for four hundred years ? 
   the random atrocities committed here and there by retreating greek soldiers during the anatolian campaign ? 
  ahahha bunch of illiterates , random atrocities . 
  : ddd you sound no different than a chauvanist yourself . 
  :d get lost please . 
   talking about that number though , if you read the link you posted a bit more carefully you 'll see that the 2 million muslim deaths that you mentioned happened in 3 wars : balkan wars , world war 1 and turkish independence war ( actually that 's 4 wars considering that there were 2 balkan wars ) and it includes both military and civilian casualties . 
  one could argue that if you did n't want to have high casualties perhaps your country should n't have declared war and joined the great war as an aggressor right ? 
  does not sound so different from `` armenians rebelled . '', 
  first ha ? 
  and i have not specified any war neither narrowed it down to only turks or civilians . 
  how is it inaccurate lol ? 
  tho i will apologise that it sounded like i was directly complaining about you specifically , i was speaking about the mindset here more , so sorry . 
  and i do not down vote people that easily , if i cared about the votes i would not choose the turkish flair here . 
  more tralalala and whataboutism as i see . 
  i am not surprised . 
  you can not stand to see a turkish related stuff here , all you spout is '' genocide reeee !!!, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims and you try to lecture me when i have not rejected that we turks have problem with being unreasonably chauvinist ? 
  edit : waiting for your apologies btw . 
   shameless chauvinistic nationalism . 
  turks are chauvinistic nationalists but honest , you just hide behind being progressive . 
  never seen an apology here for the atrocities you have commited against muslims and turks . 
  you can tralalala as much as you want ; the reality is you have killed , raped , expelled 2 millions of muslims and turks . 
  eat meat , bro . 
  it is good for the brain . 
  the fuck are you on about ? 
  rural estonia is 100 times better than even safe syria for common folks . 
  yes , you are right . 
  he has a statement of basically '' i have buried all kind of nationalism . '', 
  his wife is of arab origins . 
  it makes you hypocrite just like too many westerners here .
