  im aware of the, 
  how many more examples you need that domestic crap will affect you in global scheme ? 
  i see you constantly at immigrant topics . 
  i guess you are the type of guy who likes to rant about problems and then do jack shit when it matters . 
  no problem , bro . 
  sorry to expose your double face . 
  nah i d assume that you are naive . 
  g\u00fclen movement is, 
  yes yes human rights . 
  i assume you are smart enough to figure out that erdogan used this thing for his favor and purging nearly all the opposition ? 
  top kek . 
  speaking about human rights while defending australian migrant detention centres . 
  `` it seemed more likely that officers , gulenist and secularist , joined against a common foe . '', 
  please point me out a single true secularist who sides with gulen . 
  we are aware of what erdogan is doing but seems like you guys are lost with the sweet enemy of my enemy delusion . 
  ah anyway not a new thing that usa is buddy buddies with islamists when it is benefiting them . 
  afaik is not a scientific observation . 
  it is just as debunkable as `` meeting '' , `` seeing '' . 
  holding no credibility at all at discussions . 
   people you have met are not a representative sample . 
   ** afaik ** a non-trivial share of turkish ladies do not speak german at all . 
  that is just pure gold . 
  : ddd, 
  what you meant by `` undefined citizenship '' ? 
  i condemn the act of the bodyguards if it would make you feel better . 
  however those seculars you mock are being jailed and raided in turkey constantly while you spout your bullshit disinformation on reddit . 
  yeah . 
  like the aliens in estonia . 
  would be nice solution for narva and the half of tallinn . 
  does it mean that i give a fuck about it ??? 
  holy fuck man , you spoke about comprehension earlier ayy ?? 
  nice tinfoil you have there still . 
  thinking that any of those interest lobby bs . 
  crossed my mind even tho i openly said i do not give a single fuck about if it was turks . 
  i do not think turkey is great nor we are the greatest . 
  so you know jack shit , cunt . 
  : ) on the other hand i know your assumptions are moronic and need to be challenged . 
  funny guy you are tho . 
  now back at your little csi games , youtube like investigations and google image researches . 
  : ) talking about tinfoils lmfao . 
  and you have came up with this theory based on 3 youtube likes . 
  great complex brain bro , totally not retarded . 
  talking about tinfoils and imaginations ? 
  lmfao 3 or 4 fucking turkish pop song likes , fascination of turkish culture . 
  i was later than your reply . 
  now who is quicker to react ? 
  that is what they are implying . 
  i do not give a crap even if it was a turk tho . 
  just funny they are suddenly csi europe detectives and solved the mistery . 
  yes ? 
  in this particular case . 
  what is your source about turks brainwashing her ? 
  that is gold . 
  simple research shows that the guy she was texting with was convicted kurdish guy for supporting isis . 
  now back at your circlejerk . 
  that is where you are wrong . 
  they own d\u00f6ner now apparently . 
  : ) but jokes aside d\u00f6ner being turkish is enough being european . 
  ask germans . 
  [ best heart attack cause . 
  : ( ( ( yes . 
  you can eat turkish food there safely . 
  makes no sense . 
  you basically say that turkish food is better than turkish food . 
  mad cause d\u00f6ner is older than your nation , big mac ? 
  very much this . 
  it is a clown fiesta of ingredients in a bread with industrialized meat . 
  i bet the turks who like german bastardized d\u00f6ner are the ones who live in \u0130stanbul . 
  \u0130stanbul is overpriced and shit about its food . 
   r/europe despises russians more than any other ethnic group . 
  mate , pls !, 
  nah you are wrong . 
  i said it whom probably more european than you are based on the criterias you listed . 
   its literally wholly in asia , so try 100 %  as european culturally as syria speaking of retardation ? 
  % 95 asian geographically , % 100 european culturally and especially me since you have mentioned antioch . 
  because we are european . 
  of what ? 
  aahahahah get your eyes checked . 
  that is a medical operation and treatment that you can get . 
  unfortunately yet there is not fully functioning whole brain transplant . 
  so you have to live without a one . 
  : dd moron you are everywhere , check your posting frequency and the topics you post at . 
  it is impossible not to come across to you and your dumbshit ideas , as a turk . 
  :d and you are crazy enough to blame every single one who expose your bullshit , as a stalker . 
  lmfao i understand why greeks have a hard time to believe that you are a greek . 
  have not come across such an idiot greek ( or albanian ) in my life before . 
  there is virtually no major difference between samaras and those other players you made excuses . 
  what a pathetic sad human being you are . 
  :d for one more time . 
  you are a laughing stock , no need to stalk you . 
  i can realize its you miles away from your bullshit which you spout obsessively . 
  enjoy your time then , have a nice day . 
  you are welcome . 
  you are free to unsubscribe . 
  yes . 
  yet you were very comfortable typing `` you all '' when it comes to turks , now speaking saving the ones who just spoke just spoke out in greece and the age limits ? 
  lmfao top kek . 
  just like you bankrupted greece ? 
  one thing i have learned in r/europe is that estonians here are the most cocky ones who never accept or even think that they could be wrong . 
  there is this specific one who soon will come here and tell you that you are `` unintelligent . '',
