  there are lots of christian turks in greece ; they are called greeks . 
  christian turk please !, 
  thank god , middle east is closer to europe compare to india . 
  you have a long way to go back . 
  can we have this comment from a swede , french , german or polish , etc. 
  instead of a romanian ? 
  :d thank you . 
  lol yeah come and pray at mosque with me brother , mashallah . 
  find the true path inshallah . 
  he will conclude this to estonians being smart because they are atheists . 
  the guy is obsessed with his beliefs being the absolute truth . 
  lol . 
  it does n't matter for us , for me . 
  big games easy than the other games , unfortunately . 
  everytime is we have the control the games , under the control the games , during the games , we have the some possibility , some big chances , some big okazyon , something like that but , what can i do , sometimes . 
  it is the football , that is the football . 
  something happened everything is something happened . 
  but anyway , now is in the tabele , we have to see the situation , now is second position , and , one point more , i do n't want to see the back , i want to see the front and i hope so tomorrow my team 's ... 
  you ruined the meme . 
  you mad bro ? 
  [ yes ] ( https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/hamlet.jpg?w=748&amp;h=748&amp;crop=1 ) and [ yes ] ( https://www.freeatheistdating.com/files/hell-norway.jpg ) . 
  but turkey is european . 
  do you even trakai , bro ? 
  i am not drawing parallels between two countries . 
  but the reasons and excuses in poland sound like early akp times . 
  they seem like quite in denial with the route , hope they are smarter than us in this matter . 
  yeah totally . 
  well nearly half of the country hates that as well . 
  but that s not the case . 
  who said i was expecting sympathy for the latter ? 
  i am talking about the glorification and the constant hatred towards modern turkey which always always getting sparkled in those threads . 
  let 's get the context right and as you said get rid of the poor taste banter and hatred . 
  i will see you at the new dick measuring thread based on who killed the most turks and made heraldry about it . 
  lately , this sub is not as progressive as you think . 
  do we expect some sympathy or empathy from this sub while they celebrate and glorify the threads which present historical illustrations of turks ' heads on swords ? 
  there are witty trolls out there but you ai n't one of them . 
  that is what you get if you back islamists up , a freaking fanatic policeman doing this . 
  i am sure that i was not ; because it is not as funny as your denial and revisionism . 
   i do n't think the west has anything to do with ayatollah khomeini throwing iran back into the 12th century after it was establishing a moderate and liberal culture . 
  say what , mate ? 
  ever heard of british petroleum ? 
  ayy sorry , forgot the personal space of estonians , dont ask questions if they dont know you , now i should go and dig years old threads to find a simple answer meanwhile people are already discussing alcohol in estonia in this thread . 
  thanks man . 
  what is the best microbrewed craft beer eestis ? 
  no need a conspiracy . 
  we are already european , hence the maps . 
  : ddd, 
   balaklawa wearing man good for you , do not get me wrong i am against all sorts of religious symbols inside the institutions but let me question when this rule will not cover the hools in the stadiums or around the stadiums or in the public transport to the stadiums . 
  he will not open any shit . 
  while calling bluffs to eu with a hope of getting favors in return , he is building his vote base stronger together with his drones and the syrian nationals whom he is handing out citizenship like candies . 
  i can not believe that the whole country is going down because of this sultan wannabe . 
  i am genuinely feeling tired and sad to see we are sinking too fast . 
  but the worst is the feeling that you can not change anything while half of the country is acting like drones . 
  all the things we achieved as a country is being ruined . 
  it is just sad . 
   as a french i 'd rather see algeria , marocco or tunisia join it . 
  they were westernized much more than turkey was . 
  kek . 
  you want some resources as well ? 
  for free of course . 
  do not mind him , he is either lunatic or some sort of troll . 
  he always tries to draw a weird connection between turkey-europe relations and india-pakistan situation . 
  spamming threads and comments whenever he finds a chance with at least 4 or 5 different accounts . 
  do not you know ? 
  it is only whataboutism on reddit when turks or russians mention something . 
  head to the [ muslim towns ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:pol_tarn%c3%b3w_coa.svg ) of your own country , you can learn there . 
  lol shame you could have learnt couple of things but you chose to stay ignorant . 
  what is the relation of the flag and islam ? 
  these pervert guys are making me physically sick . 
  it is unbelievable that my people still let them rule with these laws and terrible economical situation . 
  what a shame !, 
  eheheh  that was good . 
  no , they can not . 
  please shut your mouth if you dont know anything about turkish political spectrum . 
  it is convenient for me to go there . 
  ps : i live close by . 
  thank you very much altough it will be my 4th in riga never heard of those places except terapija . 
  saved the post and will try to go to labietis this time i guess . 
  i visit latvia when i have a chance , in fact i will be there in 3 weeks . 
  will try mazulisi for sure . 
  will try . 
  i will be in riga in 3 weeks . 
   thank you for the tip . 
   mazul\u012b\u0161i pelme\u0146i nope is that a place or a brand of store kind of pelmeni ? 
  ahahahhaha i am not a low lifer stalker like you are . 
  you know god damn very well you did it and shamelessly lie here . 
  pathetic human being . 
  - karums curd snack . 
  - air baltic . 
  - xl pelmeni . 
  becuase agenda pushing is forbidden in this sub . 
  and you can clearly see from the post history that he is trying to do that with bullshit articles and sources . 
  and turkish obsessed people like you throw this whataboutism word whenever you see a turkish flair to debunk the rightful claims . 
  ah whom am i talking to , it is mindalero . 
  sourcing his grandparents to political discussions . 
  nothing . 
  just good to know that we are both southern european . 
  nope . 
  it is also cultural so its european . 
  ahahahah i saw that you are italian .
