  dude probably lives in greece , i mean he is 7/24 here ; makes sense due to not having job plus he is ignorant as rock . 
  typical symptoms of greek economy and education . 
  ahahahahahah : ddddd nice move talat . 
  my boy mindalero thinks that commiting a genocide is a sign of strength . 
  :d you are proving that you are indeed a turk . 
  is your name talat ? 
   you are a proof that education in turkey has n't changed much in the last 500 years . 
  lol it has changed , it is shittier now . 
  you know nothing my boy . 
   if anyone is in denial , it 's some turks here who are desperate to appear more european . 
  identify crisis much ? 
  i have already said the same thing , you are suffering heavy identity crisis . 
  because he is living in ancient greece , still believes that greeks are the super master race of the universe . 
  dude is borderline delusional , ignorant , arrogant but freaking so funny . 
  lol, 
  says the christian turk who is in denial and suffering from uncle tom syndrome ? 
  you are my laughing stock here . 
  : ddd, 
  happy independence day kosovo . 
  insulting , where ? 
  they got down voted for being awfuly boring . 
  here , get one also . 
  lol, 
  your country does not have any power to begin with . 
  sure , go ahead and ask moderators . 
  mad , cuz ca n't afford a rendering rig . 
  you are welcome !, 
  we taught you serbian guys also some good food stuff after centuries . 
  we the most racists for centuries now ? 
  bro , then how/why we looked after and fed your king for decades in \u0130stanbul palaces if we were/are racists ? 
  arabs are discovering the region . 
  enough said . 
  did you two come when you rubbed your dicks to each others ' ? 
  no one says that turkey is fully european , not even us . 
  people are bored of guys like you because you can not get over the fact that turkey posts are allowed here and go crazy every time you see them . 
  lol . 
  why not be germany 's state now then , bro ? 
  the guy is extremely ignorant about history . 
  i mean he even does not know the terms of accession of cyprus to eu but he makes bald claims about it . 
  whenever he finds a chance to shit on ottomans and turkey ; he does , regardeless of how absurd he sounds . 
  lol . 
  are not you a joke when it comes to history topics . 
  thank you very much for your effort and informative post . 
  highly appreciated . 
  thanks , bro . 
   i will take the soil myself no bro . 
  shit ai n't yours . 
  just watching , no touching to rightful turkish lands . 
  still no a\u011fr\u0131 mountain , dude . 
  :d i will send you some soil from it . 
  keep it as souvenir . 
  lmfao you spewed that `` greeks hunted by kemal '' shit before and you got lectured and you still continue to do so ? 
  i have absolutely no problem to have arabic , etc. 
  dna , whatsoever . 
  on the other hand it seems like you have a problem with looking like moroccan . 
  :d you should not tho afterall you are just a christian turk . 
  why defensive bro ? 
  you do n't like cakes ? 
   is a morrocan looking dude ( probably he 's of anatolian descent ) implying a regular greek is more aryan than him ? 
  dude , you are bunch of guys who are more hairy than moroccans , get fucking real lmfao . 
  this guy takes the cake . 
  wooosh , another sexual joke . 
  i am checking the map again ; nope you still have no a\u011fr\u0131 da\u011f\u0131 , nice view from your side tho . 
  : ddd, 
  wooow so original , so witty . 
  still you just look at it from a distance ; let that sink in , boy . 
  nevermind , i was not so serious anyway . 
  check your post history . 
  :d easy , it is getting bigger if your ancestors killed more turks . 
  were not you the one who claimed that mods would delete the dick measuring threads when it comes to remove kebap ? 
  and now here you measure your own dick ? 
  gtfo . 
  i spoke and thought the dumbest shit when i was her age , but this thing is because of pure brain washing . 
  such a bright future we have . 
   i think it 's nature 's fuckup where people get wired incorrectly , it 's definitely not normal and should not be glorified  now whether they can be `` corrected '' i do n't know , but i personally think they are what they are and it can not be changed , as long as they are not disruptive to others ( like trans are , an actual mental illness ) they are free to do and be whatever they like bahahahhaha . 
  surely you are not extreme homophobic like muslims are . 
  just slightly homophobic hahahaha . 
  true that , you have so many of them already . 
  then lithuania is not cute but gorgeous . 
  please turn yourself in then . 
  that 's about time to decide to get to know viru valge better . 
  what hurt your feeling in my answer that you are telling me you should avoid speaking about turkey ? 
  because i asked you a question back ? 
  and for your question based on my guess about what you meant really , i gave very brief answer which concludes that apparently we are the minority at the moment . 
  and i am more than happy that you are having good experiences with the turks in your home country . 
  turkish european ? 
  what is this suppose to mean ? 
  i am not a turk who was born in europe also those turks generally are rather conservative and hypocrites . 
  anyway there are shit loads of people who think like me but obviously it is not enough since my country is free falling . 
  holla back girl . 
  an islamist is obsessed with sex and has twisted views . 
  color me surprised . 
  disgusting savages . 
  this [ shot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zg6thtq.jpg ) is my wallpaper . 
  no he does not . 
  he sincerely believes that all istanbul population is more european than the rest of the country . 
  lol reddit is amazing . 
   better check up your history . 
  lol . 
  nope .
