  their purposes overlap in some areas but for the most part they have different purposes . 
  databases - make sure you have a good design before you start thinking about databases at all . 
  it 's not 98 anymore and there are millions of databases , serving completely different purposes and none of them can provide a perfect solution . 
  not even cloud based databases backed by google or amazon . 
  good . 
  in case you are not familiar with numpy and scipy , i suggest you look into them - all machine learning and ai libraries rely heavily on those two . 
  1 , 2 and 3 - no clue . 
  4 ) depends who you ask - cheaper than most of europe and a single man can easily live on 300-400 euros , including going out once a week . 
  5 ) i 'm from sofia and i studied abroad so i have little to no clue what the uni accommodations are like . 
  i know they have been fixed up a lot compared to what they were in the 90 's . 
  6 ) if you are white , sofia is as safe as it can get . 
  otherwise not at all . 
  plenty of serious incidents . 
  much like any country that was part of the warsaw pact . 
  i had a classmate in school from lebanon and even though she spoke the language better than most locals , she 's told me a few times that her darker skin has caused her more problem than i might think . 
  and she never complains about anything . 
  7 ) sounds about right . 
  8 ) not really . 
  the students now are born in the mid to late 90s , which were indeed horrible times . 
  few children were born so pretty much anyone that wants to study is welcome . 
  my girlfriend 's sister is a first year uni student and she was admitted everywhere she applied . 
  recognition - no clue again . 
  i know the diplomas are well recognised in germany when it comes to medicine - significantly more popular destination among medics . 
  medical council of india - doubt there 's anyone that will be able to answer that one . 
   as of recently i have started seeing so many blacks around here . 
  almost exclusively men . 
  also a lot of indians . 
  yeah , all 20 of them . 
  black guys are in a slightly better position - they make good music . 
  i 'm far from thinking that 's the absolute worst that can happen irl : i 've seen a few not so pleasent scenes involving black guys . 
  anyone who can pass as a gypsy or a middle eastern would be much worse . 
  monthly . 
  not sure about accommodations but 300-400 would be enough for you to find a 25 square flat and cover your bills , food and transport : basic needs . 
  looking at the tesla factories , it 's easy to see where this might be coming from . 
  all the heavy lifting is automated and done by robots who outperform humans and are significantly more reliable . 
  a couple of years ago jeremy clarkson said that `` something hand made in england is another way of saying the doors will fall off '' . 
  i would n't be surprised if in the near future that becomes the case with all man-made products . 
  same goes for precise surgeries where every nanometer is crucial . 
  but i think the big problem is the fact that we all have very different definitions for ai . 
  i can see how the hype around data scientists is moving towards ai . 
  i saw it a few years ago and i decided to invest in that . 
  and it paid off even though a lot of people had no fate in what i had in mind at the time . 
  we can already successfully and very efficiently train computers to filter out environmental noise and get to the important information . 
  with hardware becoming more and more available and everyone throwing cash and resources into ai , i 'm willing to bet that we will be able to train a computer well enough to be able to ask relevant questions and build models and predictions based on the answers we give it by 2019 . 
  which to my mind , as i 've said before , is the ultimate goal and this is when things will explode . 
  for what that offers , at $ 129k , that 's literally giving it away for free . 
  my own company . 
  a lot of development , research , hardware and most of my time . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.victoria.bg/ ) or [ this ] ( http://www.dominos.bg/ ) . 
  pretty sure both are 24/7 . 
  due to some of my somewhat controversial opinions that i 've openly expressed on reddit , i 'm afraid i 'll have to plead the fifth on this one :(, 
  health checks are for the most part a formality - they are only required for your first job and as i recall it it was just a piece of paper saying you 're not epileptic or prone to mass murder , you 're not a vampire or a zombie . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  they probably forgot to tell you but they will almost certainly require you to get a conviction status certificate . 
  again , this is a one time thing and it takes 5 minutes . 
  all you need is a valid id . 
  [ apparently you can do it online now ] ( https://cs.mjs.bg/en ) . 
  when it comes to money - 600 ... that 's pretty much what i spend a month . 
  and on that note , i am living with my girlfriend and while she does some of the shopping , i 'm covering just about everything else ( except transportation , going out , phone bills and so on ) . 
  my internet is probably five times what most people pay and i have a thing for trying new beers so a single beer usually sets me back 5 or 6 levs . 
  so you will probably be just fine . 
  i do n't consider traveling an expense ( over the past two years anything related to going through airport security has been business related so i consider that as work ) . 
  and i do travel abroad at least 3 times a month . 
  so if i add my expenses in a significantly more expensive city , the number is very different . 
  however on my own - i would n't be able to spend over 600 a month in sofia even if i tried . 
  passport , personal id , driving licence - those are considered valid documents here . 
  not entirely sure but i have someone that i call once every 5-6 weeks for general cleaning . 
  takes her 4 hours dead to clean my flat ( 132 square meters ) which adds up to 50 euros / session . 
  wood - bauhaus . 
  leather - no clue . 
  generous ? 
  me of all people ? 
  lol !!!, 
  nope , that 's the price the woman gave me . 
  the one place in bulgaria i 'd love to see demolished . 
  edit : the ufo as well please , thank you !, 
  shopska salad duuuuh we even based our flag on it ( maybe ) . 
  and it would be funny af to read a thousand comments saying `` shopska salad is not bulgarian , it 's from * insert another balkan country here * '' . 
  oh come on , do n't be a party pooper . 
  #justbalkanthings is arguably the greatest hashtag on the planet . 
  just ask our beloved brother emir kusturica . 
  got ta spread some love !!!, 
  [ hard to say . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=crazyman4865&amp;rct=j ), 
  pretty sure i 've seen f1 in jj murphy 's . 
  cheerleaders is also a plausible option . 
  if you organize your time well , it 's pretty much all you need . 
  [ ca n't go wrong with either one of these ] ( https://www.tripadvisor.com/attractions-g294452-activities-sofia_sofia_region.html ) . 
  about hiking vitosha - could n't recommend it more but make sure you are in decent shape - many of the routes will dry you up fast otherwise . 
  but it 's well worth it . 
  one thing no one mentions online is the tv tower up in the mountain at night . 
  nothing to do with the tower itself but the views are worth it too . 
  the cable car that used to go there has been abandoned for many decades and you have to walk around the station ( or through it , just make sure you have a flash light . 
  sounds shady , i know , but there are always hundreds of people there at night , predominantly young people in their twenties having a beer and , of course , enjoying the views . 
  getting there is tricky - you will either have to get a taxi ( and order one coming back ) or rent a car . 
  again , [ worth it ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/1920x1280/26946103.jpg ) . 
  mainly if not only international . 
  which ones - hard to say - my personal stack of music hit the 200gb mental barrier back in 2012 . 
  all time favourite - equally hard to tell but i 'd say led zeppelin or gnr . 
  locals - [ there 's these guys ] ( https://goo.gl/m8mnfh ) .
