  the brain needs a specific pattern in order to know what 's it looking at and it 's built overtime and based on patterns and time series ( again oversimplifying ) . 
  and those patterns can not be `` copied '' and need to be built instead , as far as our understanding of the brain goes . 
  [ here 's some more information if you are interested ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3072839/ ) . 
  think of it this way - due to factors such as saccadic eye movements , your eyes make around 100 movements per second . 
  good thing we have a fairly sophisticated image stabilizers . 
  point is , your eyes will never give your brain the exact same image twice . 
  yet you know a dog when you see one . 
  you know your dog when you see it , even though you see it from a different angle and so on . 
  but assuming we overcome those obstacles one day , / u / _ vvvv _ probably has the right idea - you have an efficient copy of yourself . 
  and you 'll have absolutely no control over it . 
  it was a while ago ( 5 or 6 years ago ) but i donated the toys from my childhood [ here ] ( https://sosbg.org/how-to-help/ ) . 
  mostly books in my case but still . 
  the website is n't multi language but you can send them an email . 
  you can go personally - that 's what i did . 
  i ca n't recall if i had set up an arrangement or not so do n't quote me on this . 
  all i remember is giving them a phone call to check if they accept toys and books but yeah ... 
  it was 2009 or 2010 as far as i remember . 
  in all fairness , we have n't reached the point where we can safely scale down what we know and what we 've achieved to mobile devices . . real artificial intelligence and neural networks still require too much resources ( though a lot of people are working on that part ) . 
  resources that phones and mobile devices can not offer ( yet ) . 
  you still need to figure out what you are trying to achieve . 
  android + ai does n't say a whole lot . 
  do you have a more specific idea ? 
  if not you should probably go for something more general and learn your way from there one day . 
  that said , from those listed here , i 'd pick neural networks and evolutionary computation . 
  lol `` that 's pure machine learning '' was my first thought after i read your first sentence . 
  but i guess you have something larger on your mind . 
  i guess i 'm still thinking what i originally suggested . 
  i think i can offer you a few books that will help immensely too . 
  well that 's up to you mostly . 
  to my mind , there 's a world of difference between machine learning and artificial intelligence . 
  mainly because machine learning relies heavily on algorithms and principles , some of which are centuries old ( bayesian probability being a very common one for instance ) . 
  which is essentially a computation that leaves you with `` this is your best bet '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , those are brilliant and we have achieved a whole lot with those and we still do . 
  they are still the easiest ways to deal with classification of large volumes of data for example . 
  but that is not intelligence in the slightest . 
  they can and are a useful tool in that field but by using those , you ( your software ) is not looking into the semantical meaning of the data you are feeding it with . 
  which , i believe , has noting to do with real intelligence . 
  i believe neural networks and evolutionary computation are significantly closer to what artificial intelligence should be . 
  not in the sense of `` self-awareness '' but more into the sense of being able to predict and analyze the semantics of what you are giving it . 
  being able to ask relevant and meaningful questions and build models and networks based on that would be the ultimate achievement i think, 
  edit :, 
  some useful reads i mentioned :, 
  artificial intelligence : a modern approach by stuart russell and peter norvig, 
  the elements of statistical learning by trevor hastie , robert tibshirani and jerome friedman, 
  pattern recognition and machine learning by christopher bishop, 
  fundamentals of deep learning : designing next-generation artificial intelligence algorithms, 
  introduction to artificial intelligence by philip jackson, 
  on intelligence by jeff hawkins, 
  how to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed by ray kurzweil, 
  really depends what you are trying to do . 
  i admit , over the past 6 or so years , the smallest dataset i 've worked with was around 40gb so my understandings and expectations might have been affected . 
  you have a point - boils down to what you are trying to do . 
  of course you could move the heavy lifting to some larger and more durable silicon blocks in a datacenter somewhere ( actually what i do whenever i have to deal with something significantly bigger ) . 
  but that goes a bit outside the android ecosystem , and as far as i understand , that 's not what op wants . 
  i mean you can run small networks even on a slightly above average laptop these days but even if it 's cuda powered but you are are very limited . 
  not to mention an arm powered smartphone . 
  both svm and deep learning are slow in the training process . 
  you could try a different approach if you need speed like the hierarchical temporal memory/cla . 
  the problem is that they are very complex , very difficult to follow and require even more system resources and everything happening there is based on time series . 
  take that with a grain of salt since you have to figure out a way to encode every piece of information into a vector and so far the encoders provided by the people who developed the algorithm are very few . 
  i think 4 or 5 in total . 
  they might be onto something but only time will tell . 
  interesting read . 
  i 've discussed this many times with the people i 've been working with . 
  `` a robin redbreast in a cage, 
  puts all heaven in a rage . 
  a dove house fill 'd with doves and pigeons, 
  shudders hell thro ' all its regiens . '', 
  being dependent is perhaps the most dangerous thing in life . 
  setting your pet parrot free may be a romantic and noble thing at first glance . 
  but the truth is , the parrot will not have all the necessary instincts to face real work threats - a cat for instance . 
  so the odds may not be in our favour after a few generations . 
  some might argue that the industrial revolution was a similar case and we are still fine . 
  in fact we are far better off now . 
  in fact i 'm one of the people who claim that . 
  but i do admit that a world in which we are completely dependent on intelligent machines might have very detrimental effects for humanity . 
  not in the sense of isaac assimov 's novel which is all in all several hundred pages , showing how 3 , at first glance , perfect rules can go wrong . 
  i can say with hands on my heart that ai is my life 's biggest passion . 
  but i acknowledge there are risks . 
  not in a hal 9000 or terminator fashion . 
  all biological species find it easy to adapt to a comfortable and safe environments . 
  i do fear that we might create a world in which the most advanced specie on this planet will become obsolete . 
  the lack of purpose is what i ultimately fear most . 
  i could be wrong . 
  after all this is more of a philosophical question rather than anything . 
  i hope i do n't sound nagger ( not my intention ) but ... wow . 
  i mean ... sofia is an extremely safe city and all but asking for a buddy on reddit seems like a very brave idea . 
  considering that 70 % of reddit users are people going through a rough stage of puberty , 15 % slacking at work , 14 % total creeps and 1 % who take advantage of large volumes unfiltered data ( yay , one-percenter at last ) . 
  if i were you , i 'd take my phone , stick my earbuds in my years so no one bothers me ( yes , i hate dealing with people ) , download [ here maps ] ( https://maps.here.com ) and the offline version for sofia and taxime in case you really do get lost . 
  other than that , take a bus to the center and you 'll be fine . 
  95 % of the people under 40 can hold a decent conversation in english , not to mention those under 30 , so you will be fine . 
  to my mind , this seems like a more reasonable plan . 
  in addition you have [ this ] ( http://programata.bg/ ) . 
  these guys keep track of most of the interesting stuff that 's happening so ... 
  ok , as much as i disapprove the left , i do admit that there are some positive things in kalfin . 
  but this is a joke . 
  why do people find it so hard to comprehend that the world has changed ? 
  we live in different times and under different rules . 
  so what 's the solution ? 
  tax those who do n't have children double ?
