  be my guest , i still do n't want children . 
  what else ? 
  as someone who has to travel to one of those destinations almost every week , my monthly expenses just dropped by 50 % . 
  that 's epic news for me !, 
  you either have n't been to other european cities or you are completely delusional . 
  as someone who studied in london for almost half a decade and as someone who spends 7 days a month in berlin ( and owns an apartment in the heart of berlin and sofia ) , sofia is on par with berlin , vienna and luxembourg in terms of safety and several billion years ahead of london , paris , madrid , prague , warsaw and another trillion ahead of moscow . 
  getting mildly ripped off by a cab or mocked by a stranger is the absolute worst that can happen to you . 
  there 's crime in literally every city on the planet . 
  again , you 've probably never been to any of the cities i mentioned . 
  and if you have n't seen international news in the past few years , i suggest you do . 
  plenty of documentaries you could watch too . 
  and if my girlfriend is n't scared of waking from the center to our place around midnight , no one should be . 
  and at 185 and 56 kilos , trust me , she can not possibly go unnoticed . 
  watch some international news . 
  i 've got enough personal experience to tell you that safe is one thing that sofia undoubtedly is . 
  nadezhda is just a shady area but every city has those . 
  berlin has lichtenberg ( name is just as ironic ) , which is the exact same thing . 
  i still pick those a million times before peckham , the 18th district of paris ( i do n't remember it 's name ) . 
  i 've been to 3 of those at night and one by day . 
  nadezhda and lichtenberg are child 's play . 
  i 'm not setting foot in any of the others ever again unless i have a vest , gun and a pack of diapers . 
  nothing to do with luck or the outrageously large police force ( not that i mind , do n't get me wrong ) . 
  in that line of thought , there 's a bigger chance of a plane crashing in sofia as opposed to jan mayen cause there are nowhere nearly as many planes flying over the island . 
  is that a danger i should consider as well or is it the type of danger that i can ignore ? 
  because judging by myself , all my friends and family combined , exactly 0 people have had any real incidents in sofia in the 5 years since i returned from uni . 
  which can not be said about my 5 years in london , judging just from myself . 
  a couple of scars to remind me as well . 
  as for people willing to cause you harm : hipster/art/skater / whatever people , a bunch of it nerds , law/science/other tech whackos , bar/shop/restaurant staff and fitness maniacs . 
  all of those have a proven record of being very vicious and dangerous ^ being ^ sarcastic ^ here . 
  talk to people from or living in other countries and they will all tell you the same - sofia is as safe as a city can possibly get . 
  i know a list of people who moved here for that specific reason . 
  no , you are the one that 's insane . 
  * all those are soviet complexes built for the lowest level workers . 
  and yes , they are in the outskirts . 
  yes , there are shady things going on there but that 's why we have an enormous police force . 
  and on that note , i lived in liulin for over a year . 
  at the time i was partying 4 days a week and coming home at 3 . 
  safe and sound , every time . 
  as many others and people still live like that . 
  according to you , we should have all been raped , killed , raped again , cooked and fed to the dogs . 
  last time i checked i was pretty alive if you ask me . 
  do n't feel any zombie symptoms either . 
  what 's more , many of the said hipters and skaters do live there as well . 
  ooohhhhh some of them might smoke weed !!!!, 
  the horror !!!!, 
  they will kill us surely !!!!, 
  * there are regular patrols in every goddamn city , east , west , north and south !!!!, 
  there 's no escaping from that and they are not there because the city is n't safe . 
  there 's probably 3 times more in munich but that does n't make it less safe , does it . 
  * ultras and neo-nazis are completely harmless as long as you are white . 
  i 've been riding my bike every day as long as it was over 12 degrees for the past 5 years and i often go pass the place where they gather in groups to shout `` sieg heil , ein volk , ein reich , ein f\u00fchrer '' and me , along with thousands of others have not been killed or been bothered by them in the slightest . 
  one asked me where i got my shoes once . 
  `` bro , internet ? 
  too complicated , i 'll look around . 
  thanks '' . 
  that was it . 
  * studentski has a special status and it 's still nowhere nearly as bad as other cities . 
  drunk drivers - natural selection will take care of that eventually . 
  if you are one of those people who try to look at the worst in a situation , that 's fine . 
  simple math really - 5 years , 0 accidents . 
  while in london i got cheesed by gangs 8 times , beaten up twice and attacked with a knife once ( minor injuries ) . 
  all in broad daylight . 
  in the span of 12 months . 
  so there 's clearly a gap between your expectations and reality . 
  considering there are cameras even in your goddamn bathroom probably . 
  so carry on complaining how you 'll get sacrificed to the great cthulhu if you show your face out in the street in sofia while you have similar chances of winning the lottery . 
  go on liveleak.com and start typing cities in the search box and watch the videos . 
  a word of advice - avoid russian cities unless you want to watch beheadings or some other nasty shit . 
  the simple truth is that some occasional minor street crimes but that 's what they are - minor . 
  and rare . 
  no place is a safe heaven . 
  there 's crime even in iceland , believe it or not . 
  the cases you mention are incidental at best . 
  but ok , let 's look at them : one of them barely has anything to do with sofia , the second one is a club , located in the area with the special regime we discussed , and the third one proves my point - if you are white , you 're fine . 
  meanwhile [ here 's a video from brussels earlier today ] ( https://twitter.com/atenderdarksoul/status/716320956281696256 ) . 
  consider the news coming from brussels and how a small neighborhood became well known all over the world in the course of 2 hours . 
  told you - look at liveleaks . 
  and it 's not my personal evidence , it 's a fact : the uk has a fairly good publicly available open data . 
  [ strangely enough that includes the police ] ( https://data.police.uk/ ), 
  however just 30 to 40 % of all the records have gps coordinates . 
  anyway i 'll take a blank image file and put a dot , representing 5 crimes with close proximity . 
  [ here 's the result . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/scwgmgm.png ) can you guess the city ? 
  at the same time the emergency lines are completely free here and if i recall correctly ( i am good at remembering numbers ) , 87.7 % of all calls to 112 were health-related ( hospitals , ambulances , etc ) . 
  here 's my proof ( run it yourself if you feel like it , you 'll get similar results ) that sofia is as safe as a large city can get . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right but it is eastern europe so that wo n't change in our lifetime surely . 
  i do n't like it either but nothing we can do about it . 
  time - do n't mention it - took me none - got more hardware than you can imagine - i do similar things for a living . 
  infinitely more complex so this took less than 2 minutes . 
  do n't judge a book by it 's cover - studentski is not a representation in any way . 
  the center is utterly safe too with the exception of 2 or 3 shady streets . 
  i 'm with / u/limefog on this - python has tons of libraries dedicated to ml and ai and very active communities . 
  but keep c/c + + within your reach as well . 
  a lot of people have said it , and that includes me - seems like everyone has a different idea about ai and we lack a universal definition . 
  the other thing is that everyone seems to be too focused on solving their own problems through their work , without bothering to think about a general direction . 
  what you described seems a lot like yet another take on the turing test . 
  the thing with developing theories is that you must work out the math long before you type your first line of code . 
  this is a common mistake and that always bites back very hard . 
  and it 's significantly more work than most people think . 
  if you do go the pythonic way , look at nltk , gensim and scikit-learn .
