mmmmmyes and no . 
  the problem here is the search function . 
  i agree with you though , converting any string into a very large number is an easy task . 
  the problem here is the sheer amount of data that every `` hexagon '' as the author calls it , contains . 
  of course this whole thing could be a randomly generated text with your search criteria inserted somewhere in the middle when you search for a certain text and store the output somewhere ( database , plain text or whatever ) . 
  but since every has contains a lot of unique data , even if you use some very efficient compression ( c-blosc for instance ) , that 's still going to be problematic : if my calculations are correct , on average an evenly distributed 29 characters on a 3200 axes would result on average 3266 bytes . 
  add that 410 times for each volume , 31 volumes , 5 shelves , and ( technically ) 4 walls , thats 's 800 + mb of data for each `` hexagon '' as the author calls it . 
  not impossible , but there 's a lot of heavy lifting there since either way you 'll need to generate the whole thing ( and it 's a costly operation ) . 
  not to mention storage . 
  vsause is a popular channel so it 's probably generated a lot of traffic over the past few days . 
  you can guess how far this would have pushed the size of the data stored on the server ( s ) . 
  i agree , you can convert any string into a large number , and here is a simple example in python ( 2 lines of code really ) :, 
  but far not enough for being able to do the whole task . 
  but here 's where i agree with you : there 's something suspiciously odd here : the search has '' * title search * '' and even more surprisingly '' * with random english words * '' . 
  i looked through a few pages in the second option and all the others appeared completely random but i ca n't think of an efficient way of being able to search through tons of possible combinations and filter out a result that has real , existing words . 
  and this is the exact part that is making me suspicious about the whole thing . 
  there seems to be something fishy ( or maybe it 's a work of genius ) . 
  the author has promised to release the source code at the end of the year so i guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
  that 's what i said . 
  but the fact that it does always return the same result is what 's making me think twice about it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right or not but i 'd be genuinely interested to see the actual code . 
  tupper 's formula could technically be the answer but there 's a lot of computation and a lot of combinations that you 'd have to go through in order to get to such a result . 
  and it would be essentially using tupper 's formula on a 3d matrix . 
  idk , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  well not an expat , just a local . 
  here 's the situation from the point of view of someone who 's been to many places from tanzania to luxembourg and liechtenstein . 
  people around these parts can not seem to comprehend that salaries are relative and purchasing power has noting to do with how much you earn . 
  that said , there are a few sectors that offer pretty similar salaries to what you would get in western europe . 
  some other things that you might need to consider - flat tax vs progressive tax . 
  when you are negotiating your salary here , you will be negotiating your net salary - flat taxes . 
  it might be a bit hard to comprehend if you come from a country with progressive taxes and vice-versa . 
  the same way many people here struggle a lot with the other concept . 
  for those interested , here 's how it works : when someone is working in a country with progressive tax system , 5000 euros a month does not mean that 5000 are coming into your bank account . 
  on average 1800-2000 euros will go as taxes ( might be slightly different each month ) , medical insurance , pension and stuff like that . 
  however when someone here says he/she is making 3000 euros a month ( or levas ) it means 3000 are coming into their bank account , since the tax is flat . 
  meaning it may rise a bit once every few years for those making over 1200 euros a month iirc but it remains unchanged for everyone else . 
  regarding jobs :, 
  it is by far the best option , banking and pharmaceutical companies are also a nice choice . 
  a small catch - it is far more flexible so you wo n't need to know bulgarian ( most if not all companies require english at least ) . 
  the others - not so much . 
  i do have a daily job though it 's not my primary source of income . 
  these days i keep going simply because i like the people and the atmosphere . 
  and yes , i work as a software engineer . 
  however some skills will not get you far . 
  i mean stuff that any 12 year old can learn without much effort such as php , htms , css might get you 1000-1200 euros a month ( which is far more than enough to be able to live an awesome life ) but consider this : seeing someone working as a c , c++ or java developer making over 2000 euros a month in bulgaria is anything but rare these days . 
  occasionally you hear about double or more that . 
  as for marketing - the it has a lot to offer there . 
  relevant example : my neighbor . 
  he is a marketing specialist with no software engineering skills whatsoever . 
  his task is to provide plans for the data scientists ( basically a bunch of coding monkeys ) and they pick it up from there or tell him `` nah , you 're full of shit , this wont work cause of x , y and z '' . 
  how much does he earn ? 
  well i consider this topic to be slightly personal so i 'll say this : between 2000 and 3000 euros a month ( closer to 3000 ) . 
  it might sound a bit low compared to other countries but as i mentioned earlier , it 's all relative . 
  bills , transportation , food and all the basics rarely exceed 300 euros a month without being shy on anything . 
  and i ca n't even remember the last time i cooked at home . 
  no rent - bought a flat in late 2010 , early 2011 . 
  oh yeah , rent - you 'll need an additional 250 euros a month for something like [ this ] ( http://www.imot.bg/pcgi/imot.cgi?act=5&amp;adv=2c142468403220227&amp;slink=1z7duo&amp;f1=2 ) . 
  the bad news :, 
  * this is solely concerning the capital and the other 2 or 3 big cities . 
  the rest is basically a large area of ghost towns and villages . 
  * the capital is very overpopulated and while the growing is certainly contributing a massively to the economy , it has it 's downsides : mainly finding a place to live and the daily life being irritating ( mildly put ) . 
  taking the train in the morning most certainly wo n't be your best experience . 
  * parking ( if you have a car ) is a nightmare . 
  driving - not so much anymore - a lot has improved over the past few years but parking is hell . 
  hence the reason i sold my car a few months ago - it spent most of it 's life in my garage . 
  now i simply rent a car each time i have to leave the city - less hassle and actually cheaper . 
  * people complaining : * sigh * ... 
  while there is a trend indicating that this might disappear within the next decade or two , there is this type of people who are incapable of doing anything but complaining . 
  i do believe that they will get a severe depression if they ca n't find anything new to complain about . 
  on the scale from 0 to british , i 'd give them a full british . 
  which is annoying as hell and i sometimes genuinely wish shooting people like that was legal . 
  * people in the capital : as someone who is originally from sofia , i hate to admit it but it 's true - the people from sofia can be snobby as hell . 
  far not always but when it comes to that ... from 0 to french , i 'd say french as fuck . 
  correction : champs-elysees french ... 
  overall , if you are not hoping to be driving around in a bugatti , owning a yacht and a mansion in bora bora within your lifetime , life here could be surprisingly easy . 
  if you can learn to live with that thought and be able to ignore the impolite staff in the local supermarket , all is fine . 
  in relation to the people i mentioned in my 4-th point - if you tell them that a bugatti a yacht and a mansion is just as hard to achieve in other countries as it is here , do n't be surprised if they do n't believe you . 
  as i said , it largely depends . 
  1500 - 2000 are really junior roles or as i said , some stuff for 12 year olds - php , css and useless crap like that . 
  like outsourcing companies and such . 
  as for plovdiv - supply and demand . 
  yeah , there is a gap between sofia and the rest of the country . 
  pretty big one too but again - demand and supply . 
  young people try to get to the better universities which are almost 100 % in sofia and companies are already sending people to train students . 
  well headhunting would be a more appropriate verb but still ... just to give you an example : oracle , microsoft/nokia , vmware , johnson controls , siemens are just a few companies with huge offices here and are pretty much at walking distance from one another . 
  there are companies with much bigger offices and operations . 
  the salaries for well qualified workers in those companies are in the upper range ( oddly enough , not necessarily the highest salaries ) . 
  speaking of the 2000 + club - it is a big club and you just met one of it 's members . 
  actually pretty close to joining the 4000 club but there is a small catch - i specialize in machine learning and neural networks - both my daily job and my other ( in fact main ) source of income . 
  the demand is increasing but there 's practically no supply . 
  not too long ago my manager sent me a mail saying something along the lines of `` forget the experience bit , find good developers and teach them the rest even if it takes longer '' . 
  and if someone thinks i 'm exaggerating - in 15 months we 've had 3 applicants . 
  i work for a big company with offices in a dozen countries and the situation here is not an exception - it seems like that 's the most common thing . 
  that said , even if i was entirely depending on my daily job , i still would n't be worried . 
  i see that you 've met representatives from the group i mentioned . 
  yeah , sadly there are still those ( but their number has dropped over the past decade ) . 
  they are easy to identify though : if you see someone who expects the state to fix everything for them or having `` become a big ass manager '' as a life goal while being unable to follow simple instructions ... well that 's them . 
  `` your payment could not be completed through paypal at this time as the campaign owner 's account is currently restricted . 
  a paypal account can be restricted for many reasons including a limitation on their paypal account , paypal terms of use violations , etc. 
  we recommend attempting your contribution again at a later time , or contacting the campaign owner directly . '',
