  a few new ones popped up lately but i 'll leave it at that . 
  since i eat almost exclusively salads , i 'll go with shopska salad . 
  inverted nodding and head shaking : nodding means no , while shaking means yes . 
  to make matters worse , with thousands who spent time living abroad and adopted the correct way of doing it , it 's increasingly more difficult to figure out wtf 's going on . 
  both me and my girlfriend studied abroad ( in different countries ) and the question `` is that a yes or a no '' is part of our everyday life for that exact reason . 
  been there , done that . 
  given that i 've barely used a pen for anything other than signing documents in the past 4 years - you are kicking my ass . 
  you 're better than me by a factor of a 100 . 
  i studied abroad so i do n't have any personal experience but from what i 've seen , people coming out of sofia university ate significantly better prepared than those coming out of tu . 
  yup . 
  stores and carriers usually rip you off . 
  you can find the same phones at their regular prices in the online stores though . 
  if that fails too , there 's always amazon . 
  best advice i have is stay away from sunny beach . 
  the only thing that can make sunny beach decent is napalm . 
  lots and lots of napalm . 
  really depends - some companies are very strict , others very liberal . 
  my first job was at a place where being at work at 9:00 sharp was more important than what you actually did ( hence the reason why i quit less than a month after i started ) . 
  my second job was the complete opposite - come in whenever you want and leave whenever you want , as long as you get the job done . 
  meetings were always on time though . 
  now i work for myself so it 's my rules . 
  lunch - again - depends . 
  a lot to do with your coworkers . 
  if you have some common ground , you 'll have a good time . 
  but you might end up in a place filled with people who isolate themselves deliberately so . . 
  work/life balance - far too few people pay attention or take that into consideration at all . 
  there are those who do n't mind staying at work till 1 in the morning and those who will hit the road as soon as the day is over . 
  meals - depends on your work schedule but lunch is usually at around 12:30 , i prefer early dinner but since my girlfriend is not a morning person , she goes to work late , and as you could expect , comes home late . 
  so yeah , dinner is usually at around 10:30 -11 in our house . 
  good luck and welcome . 
  [ wrong and i have a solid reason to advise everyone to stay away from that shithole ] ( https://youtu.be/7a13rgo9umm ), 
  hope that 's / s. 
  otherwise it 's none of my business , i know , but you might want to reconsider some friendships . . 
  friendly advice and all . 
  in all fairness i 've been scammed in just about every country is been to with the exception of germany . 
  the most spectacular one was in vienna where i got charged 80 euros from the center to the airport ( later found out that it 's normally between 25 and 30 euros ) . 
  not to mention that the driver was as old as the sun and driving like a total lunatic while blabbering about crap . 
  how he still had a driving licence is beyond me . 
  well i never judge a book by its cover . 
  it was my first time in vienna after all and i hopped in the first car i saw . 
  has n't happened since and i 've traveled to vienna around 8 times since then . 
  i guess it might as well happen in germany but it probably has something to do with germany being my home for a few days each month and i know my way around . 
  taxime solves that tbh , as long as you keep giving appropriate rating to drivers and constructive feedback . 
  you 'll probably get more information if you ask on / r/unitedkingdom if i have to be honest . 
  i say this because i 'm yet to meet a fellow countryman who does not hate sunny beach with a passion . 
  as to what to see - nessebar is close and the old town is lovely unless you go there in the middle of the summer ( gets overcrowded ) . 
  taxis - download taxime and you 'll be fine . 
  money - depends what you intend to do . 
  for a week of messing about , i 'd say 300 euros ( around 230 gbp if i 'm not mistaking ) would be far more than enough , unless you intend to go to some \u00fcber-expensive private party . 
   but he still can not explain why exactly . 
  [ i 'd like to solve the puzzle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vabncbxwin8 ) . 
  your friend probably enjoys the `` cultural '' phenomenon known as \u043c\u0443\u0442\u0440\u043e-\u0431\u0430\u0440\u043e\u043a . 
  our currency is pegged to the euro so the conversion for locals is more intuitive . 
  is it accepted as a form of payment ? 
  generally no . 
  i mean in large retail stores . 
  small shops or markets might accept it as an alternative but they will probably add some fee . 
  fun fact of the day : in recent years our currency has been somewhat widely accepted in greece as a form of payment in small shops and restaurants under similar terms - a small fee . 
  / r/macedonia triggered . 
  loooooool funniest thing i 've read in a while . 
  taking #justbalkanthings to a whole new level . 
  takes talent to do that . 
  props !, 
  doomed souls by dimitar dimov gets my vote . 
  on that note it would be funny af : king , prime minister and president , all in one cv . 
  electronics , i 'd add [ pcstore ] ( http://pcstore.bg ) for laptops and [ most ] ( http://most.bg/ ) for everything else . 
  taxis - [ green taxi ] ( http://greentaxi.bg/ ) and [ this thing ] ( http://taxime.to/ ) is tits . 
  supermarkets - billa is probably at the top of my list , lidl is surprisingly good considering the dump it usually is in other parts of europe , piccadilly is cool , fantastico is okay-ish generally . 
  isp 's - countless , look at opinions around the area where you live . 
  mobile operators - there 's also max telecom but i have no experience with them . 
  clothes - avoid shopping centers - you 'll pay 3 times what the clothes are worth . 
  if you are capable of finding the right size online , order from abroad . 
  health as in gp 's and stuff ? 
  ask around . 
  emergency services are ok . 
  entertainment - [ programata ] ( http://programata.bg/ ) , [ peika ] ( http://www.peika.bg/ ), 
  administration - old grumpy lady behind a desk telling you to piss off is the best you could hope for , sorry . 
  banks - societe generale , bulbank and raiffeisen are good on my list . 
  jumping in - i know a shop where you could potentially find a ton of cameras and lenses [ located here ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/m7bjzukyuhn ) . 
  clothes in that case - avoid the shopping center and the very central areas of the city . 
  metro - anyone can go but i believe you need to get a membership card or whatever it 's called . 
  edit : typo, 
  according to google the shop is called photo dekov . 
  i 've seen the shop i the past but never been inside tbh . 
  i have less problems understanding croatian tbh . 
  i guess the main reason being that the pronunciation is a bit firmer compared to serbian . 
  bulgarian is also firm so it 's probably more intuitive . 
  of all slavic languages , russian and polish are the ones i do n't understand at all . 
  even czech sounds more related to me . 
   some mates of mine have decided that sunny beach is a good place to go partying and buy anabolic steroids . 
  see guys ? 
  this is precisely why napalm and carborane acid are the things sunny beach needs . 
  i remember the old days when it used to be a quiet and peaceful place where the beach was lovely and it was mostly children and quiet elderly german couples . 
  there are buses from sunny beach to burgas every 20 minutes or so . 
  as for wind surfing and all that - [ this maybe ] ( http://surfschoolbg.com ), 
  no offense i hope . 
  nah , i 'm nowhere near sunny beach thankfully . 
  sunny beach also has a good number of fat russians tourists , wearing adidas shorts and flip flops , taking selfies in front of hotels and ripping loud farts in restaurants . 
  combine that with the drunk ( and occasionally other substances from the periodic table are involved ) brits ... meet my definition of hell . 
  i would n't call it a big thing .
