signed : your average self humiliating liberal romanian that likes to exaggerate everything . 
  note : these problems exist for sure , but you make it sound like it 's impossible to visit the country . 
  actually it 's more like it puts off bad immigrants . 
  there 's also ubisoft romania , responsible for developing the silent hunter series i think . 
  why are muslim genital mutilations in western europe `` allowed '' to continue ? 
  because there 's a bunch of ethnicities who do not care about the laws and the culture of the countries they reside in . 
  the comments in that article . 
  lmao makes me wish all the roma fuck off to britain already . 
  yiff in cyka, 
  we get it brits , everyone is ought to get you . 
   bucharest : arrogant , ignorant and impolite assholes who think they are the center of the universe . 
  which is of course a very ironic attitude from someone who lives in transylvania . 
  overall romania is uneducated and backwards compared to most of europe . 
  the difference lies in the `` banat '' region , which on top of being infested with uneducated tartlets , it has a nice arrogance vibe on it . 
  what about your borders ? 
  it does n't . 
  unfortunately it 's too late for something like this . 
  actually , stuff like disney is at fault , lol . 
  good thing we have the right to label this `` cartoon '' as shit . 
  this is not even offensive , it 's dumb and random . 
  as opposed to taunting them and getting blown up ? 
  you 'll see real fear in the streets then . 
  how about not allowing them to come to europe in the first place?a bit late for that . 
  i would n't . 
  it 's shit . 
  not really , it 's just the truth . 
  i disagree with the way he expressed himself , though . 
  thing is , a lot of these romanians flee the country and want to return when things are miraculously turning to good , without lifting a single finger for their country . 
  not all of them , but a good portion of them . 
  they fail to understand that western european countries became developed because their inhabitants stayed , fought corruption and built them , through hard work . 
  not because they fleed and complained all the time about how bad the country is , about how `` they had enough '' and want to instantly live in a first world country . 
  why do a lot of romanians behave like this ? 
  because they 're insecure , jealous cowards . 
  this usually happens in villages , when the kids are left by the parents to live with commie grandma who ca n't do shit , and around shitty entourages with kids who are in the exact same situation . 
  not untrue in many cases . 
  respect our laws -  respect our culture -  not gon na give them jobs . 
  lol . 
  i guess being unemployed is part of the culture . 
  accurate medieval portrayal . 
  so raceist so sexist . 
  hurrrrr if this garbage were a paper , it would n't be fit to wipe my ass with it . 
  i hope no one who supports this uses any medicine or treats their diabetes . 
  yeah , because the bad experiences with roma are many , and pretty much everyone goes through them . 
  a day that was n't a long time ago either . 
  irony , lol . 
  no , but i want a united europe . 
  banding together to face its threats when needed . 
  my mom had an illegal abortion and almost died from it . 
  your complaining tone , tells me that you 're a swede . 
  all plotted by [ this guy . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ey39fkmqkbm ), 
  no , it was n't a good idea to side with stalin at all . 
  kind of a late reply , but it sounds rough while also sounding quite clear . 
  it also looks nice . 
  i know : romanian , english i want to learn : german . 
  because it sounds badass . 
  they should take a better look at their own government then . 
  how did those `` romanians '' end up in sweden ? 
  oh , right . 
  hopefully . 
  personally i see western europe to be twice as hypocritical by 2030 , than it is now . 
  did n't say they are lazy , did i ? 
  i said they do n't want the jobs due to low salaries , not that they are lazy . 
  learn to read properly . 
  my point was that this farage faggot you like so much is unhappy no matter what happens . 
  it 's the romanians ' fault that salaries are so low , and no one else wants the jobs !, 
  but now romanians are coming if you increase salaries , even though others will be more inclined to work those shitty jobs !, 
  how does this make any sense then ? 
  were n't the evil romanians stealing your jobs with their low pay demand ? 
  why would you still give these jobs to romanians if you increase the minimum wage , assuming the others will look towards these jobs because they have better pay now ? 
  romanians , romanians , romanians . 
  this shithead built his campaign on our back and on our thrashed image . 
  he needs a good beating , the scum . 
  in articles like this , you should n't expect anything that is n't western europe . 
  pls no, 
  i know that feeling . 
  so awkward . 
  [ his next suit ] ( http://www.jokeshop.ro/static/jokeshop/grafica/produse/3450/1_medie_costum-puscarias-sexy,-deluxe.jpg ), 
  greece is fascinating for me . 
  for some, 
  le everyone is sheeple, 
  good, 
  yeah , i know right ? 
  all those american soldiers oppressing you every day . 
  you can basically feel their influence . 
  pretty much all countries from europe do . 
  and those that do n't tend to be `` meh '' . 
  granted , i 'd rather go to canada than the us but that 's another story . 
  oh you mean like most if not all countries on earth ? 
  too many cultures congested into a small area , each thinking it 's vastly superior to the other one . 
  half of europe would n't help the other half against a common enemy . 
  even the ukraine crisis showed this . 
  it 's embarrassing that the us has to keep the order . 
  probably . 
  i hate europeans, 
  that explains it even more, 
  if the cultures are really different , yes . 
  why the hell would i want to do that . 
  see europe ? 
  i told you that our best neighbor is the black sea .
