  i agree , it is perfectly reasonable . 
  conservatives are pissed because if they lose the euro from the city they 're done . 
  their business secretary told this in response to noyer . 
   we want to be part of a single market in financial services . 
  conservatives want the city to continue to do eurozone 's transactions but : * they do n't want the currency of the single market * they do n't want the financial taxation of the single market * they scare their people away from the eu in other words , they want their cake and they want to eat it , too . 
  eu should operate by consensus but we ca n't always have a minority holding us back . 
  that 's why i wrote it is practically impossible . 
  look here . 
  http://www.bundestag.de/htdocs_e/bundestag/members17/bygroup.html are we stupid ? 
  i 'd like to think that we 're not . 
  it 's the system that is wrong . 
  but until we change the system , anything that might go against meritocracy is out of the question . 
  somewhat unrelated , but i was always fascinated by the fact that moldova does n't have access to the black sea , although parts of the country are extremely close . 
  am i the only one that is afraid of what might happen to these people ? 
  i 'm not the only one reading this thread , you know . 
  i was also downvoted . 
  anyway , it is a big worry and the best solution is to be able to choose the candidate you want in the elections . 
  no artificial barriers , imposed by the parties or by national laws . 
  it 's practically impossible to run successfully as an independent . 
  someone posted a list of nations that are not necessarily in europe , and that voted for palestine . 
  someone else took the european nations from that list , in order to extract conclusions about how our continent voted . 
  another one took the eu nations from that list , in order to show how members of the biggest political and economic union of our continent voted . 
  you were not excluded . 
  different people used different subsets of the original data . 
  quit whining , we love you norway , we do n't forget about you !, 
   i actually do believe it might be by a sponsor that is fishing for that yes , that phrasing was strange . 
  he explained it to you above . 
  parties should n't be able to appoint the people they want , without being accountable . 
   they at least can give it a try . 
  and you 'll personally pay the difference if the experiment fails ? 
  because it is certain that it will , tourists just want the sun and the sea . 
  arab spring happened and greece saw a boost because people were afraid to go to arab countries . 
  turkey is right next to greece and there are many similarities in aegean sea areas . 
  it would be suicidal to make greek tourism more expensive . 
  the video is one hour long and the article is 6k + words long . 
  it took you less than 15 minutes to respond . 
  you misrepresent one 's arguments and you conveniently ignore our responsibility as citizens to hold our politicians and companies to account . 
  simply put , we failed . 
  you also ignore history , things like our little colonial expeditions to africa , leading to the current situation . 
  a martian invasion is also a possibility . 
  [ lagarde said `` no one wishes a grexit to europeans '' and faz changed its title . 
  ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2015/05/29/dirty-games-or-error-german-faz-misinterprets-imfs-lagarde-grexit/ ), 
  the only conclusion that i can draw from your reply is that we 're talking past each other . 
   they would have hit it anyway i also want to state for the record that i do not aspire or pretend to be a fortune teller for matters involving any nation . 
  during the last few years i 've probably spend more time than most people looking at all figures , but some people do n't spend much time understanding what i write . 
  pay attention . 
   greece could service its debt just fine until it lost market access countries roll over their debts . 
  belgium is comparable to greece and also had a high debt to gdp ratio . 
  limits are arbitrary and depend on the case . 
  the uk also found out that it had a deficit comparable to greece 's . 
  the difference is that the uk had a floating exchange rate . 
  the pound dropped and the boe followed a qe program early . 
  the result was that the uk ended up having the fastest growing economy in europe . 
  greece did n't have those tools . 
  they could not devalue their currency -- and despite the drachma nonsense in the press it would be a no-no because their older debt would be denominated in euros . 
  they could not print their way out of the crisis -- germany vetoed eurobonds and qe from the start . 
  we now see the results . 
  germany was forced to give in a bit but it 's too little , too late . 
  lpt : you just get up 15 minutes earlier , go to your stop 15 minutes earlier , rush hour problem solved . 
  i do the same with u-bahn . 
  many people think about doing this but they do n't in the end . 
  greece could service its debt just fine until it lost market access when a new government revised its deficit figures upwards in 2009 . 
  instead of dealing with the problem directly , the eu embarked on a fiscal journey of iconic consecutive clusterfucks at the insistence of members who did n't want eurobonds . 
  nearly six years later we did n't solve the problem , we overspend , we almost wrecked a nation and we practically have eurobonds in everything but the name , but only after everything has failed . 
  talk about foresight . 
  the debt to gdp ratio in 2009 stood at about 113 % , which is big but manageable . 
  it stands now at about 175 % , after 5 years of painful cuts . 
  what does that tell us ? 
  imf already admitted that they got it wrong with their fiscal multipliers . 
  the cuts were much deeper and the economy did not grow as expected . 
  also [ these ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2tyk52/nobel_winner_joseph_stiglitz_germanys_the_problem/co3jlf0 ) . 
   in 2003 , france and germany had both overspent , and their budget deficits had exceeded the 3 % of gdp limit to which they were legally bound . 
   the commission - then led by the former italian prime minister romano prodi - had the power to fine them . 
   but the finance ministers of what was then the 15 eurozone member countries gathered in brussels and voted the commission down . 
   they voted to let france and germany off . 
  +  the precise figure was actually 3.07 % , according to eurostat ( ameco ) . 
  this deficit is still lower than the equivalent revised deficits of other member states that were assessed on the basis of 1997 statistics , and which formed the first wave of member states that created the euro area in 1999 . 
  the ameco website shows that many other member states entered the euro area with state deficits that were higher than 3.1 % of gdp . 
  but there is little public reference to this fact , even though many of these now manifest similar problems to greece . 
   a healthy person can walk 6 km in an hour . 
  it 's fine if you do n't deal with clients and do n't have to dress a certain way , but it 's a no-no if you wear a suit . 
  you ca n't walk for two hours in a suit on a daily basis , especially when the weather is unpredictable . 
  it is true that young professionals are priced out but it depends on what you do for a living . 
  besides , you can live in one of the satellite towns and commute to work . 
  a friend took two buses to get to his workplace , which was 6 km away . 
  in the end it was 45 minutes during rush hour or a 30 minute train ride and living in a 30 % cheaper , 200 % bigger flat away from the centre . 
   island monkeys remove that flag if you want to use that kind of language . 
  amen . 
  the greek text on the one they posted on twitter looks different . 
  the one op posted might be an earlier version . 
   tl ; dr : varoufakis flipped off germany ** he did n't and b\u00f6hmermann 's involvement should n't matter in any case . 
  ** [ german professor of english linguistics to the rescue . 
  ] ( https://medium.com/@astefanowitsch/the-finger-of-a-finance-minister-baa4ae57f05b )  here is the quote in context ( beginning at [ 39:49 in the video he linked to ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meuwxnifjj8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=39m49s ) ) :   * now , let me speak from a greek perspective . 
  what we have done , what the greek state has done , what the successive three different governments have done since the debt crisis ... the debt exploded in early 2010 , was a crime against humanity . 
  so i do n't defend the fact that we stayed in the euro , following the prescriptions that were coming to us by brussels and frankfurt and so on . 
  my proposal was that greece should simply announce that it is defaulting -- just like argentina did -- within the euro in january 2010 , and stick the finger to germany and say well , you can now solve this problem by yourself . 
  *  ** what the german ( and also the international ) press has failed to notice ( or at least failed to report ) is that varoufakis mentions `` prescriptions from frankfurt '' right before the crucial scene , and it is these prescriptions that he is metaphorically giving the finger to . 
  the german city frankfurt is the seat of the european central bank , which varoufakis goes on to criticize at length , so he is using `` frankfurt '' metonymically to mean `` the ecb '' , and when he says `` stick the finger to germany '' , what he means is quite clearly `` stick the finger in the direction of frankfurt , germany '' . 
  ** [ festival organisers explain . 
  ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2015/03/give-germany-finger-150318054035307.html )  in answering a question from the public , varoufakis did not point the middle finger at germany or the germans but was talking about a hypothetical situation referring to january 2010 when greece owed not one euro to german taxpayers .
