  coming from this person , it is news to them . 
  intervention , gentlemen . 
  there is no way to know exact numbers , they wo n't disclose them . 
  however , if you have patience and use the date tool in google , the levels of exposure reported by the financial press are smaller as time goes by . 
  it would n't surprise me if they sold what they could before the loan and the haircut . 
  to be fair , german banks have a bad track record in being transparent about what is going on with their financials . 
   were surprised by strong non-eu shipments rising 13 % ( partially , due to the weak euro ! ) . 
  i would say that the weak eur was instrumental in this . 
  also look at our bond rates . 
  they practically beg us to keep their money . 
  germans appreciate greek spirit , greeks appreciate german industry . 
  let 's fall in love and produce a technospiritual \u00fcber-species to annoy the french . 
  in general it 's a bit more complicated , but in this specific case , for this specific period , it is that simple . 
  there was n't a sudden surge in demand for highly specialized machines during the summer . 
  i would also take higher demand from our neighbourhood , over a a weaker euro and less exports to europe , any day . 
  a small spike like this is temporary . 
  many people do n't get it . 
  these analysts should check what eur did against usd before engaging in a nationalistic circlejerk . 
  who should we thank for our happiness in a summer of discontent ? 
  spain , the next victim . 
  the numbers from the institute leave little room for discussion . 
  it 's on the rise , whether you like the local and the tone of the article or not . 
  well done . 
  guests should learn to behave like guests , and respect the locals and their monuments . 
  so your problem is not with the veracity of the `` quirky '' articles , but with their existence in the first place , because they do n't seem to paint a rosy picture of sweden . 
  socialism : where everyone should be equally incompetent . 
  semi-sarcastic , if you need explanations . 
   the one paying the bribe is not corrupt . 
  the one accepting it is . 
  wtf ?? 
  yes , i do recall yugoslavia being in better terms with nato countries . 
  / facepalm, 
  in reality , nobody cared about kosovo . 
  it 's a nato power game to ensure that russia will never have a strong ally like yugoslavia , inside europe . 
  private ownership does n't exclude a place from the obligations of a state to provide for the general well-being of its citizens . 
  there is no freedom without limits . 
  there are limits to what you can do inside your house . 
  you ca n't give drugs to your children and beat them to death , claiming that this is your house and your children , therefore you can do whatever you want . 
  there are limits to what you can say . 
  there is no absolute freedom of expression . 
  hate speech is excluded . 
  there are reasons for doing these things in modern civil societies , despite their shortcomings . 
  there is no way to control the by-products of smoking in bars and restaurants . 
  regarding what you perceive as private establishments , i responded to your other comment below . 
  the establishment has a private individual as an owner , but is open to the public . 
  would you say that defecating is allowed in the kitchen of a restaurant because it 's a private establishment ? 
  bars and restaurants are not houses . 
  the only way to function legally as 100 % smoking establishments is to register as such . 
  it is a completely false analogy . 
  a ) if an establishment wants to serve smokers , it should register as such . 
  there are smoking clubs that do so . 
  b ) employees doing other dangerous jobs can protect themselves . 
  in the case of coal miners there is protective clothing , masks , and monitoring of dust levels . 
  employees in bars ca n't protect themselves like that . 
  til that some people ca n't read . 
  completely false analogy . 
  a ) these are not dedicated smoking establishments . 
  smoking is not part of their duties , while being underground is . 
  b ) there is a huge difference between tolerating 5 cigarettes per hour and tolerating 500 cigarettes per hour . 
  unless if you still insist that it is the fault of the employees for not being robots that are immune from cancer . 
  this is discrimination against competent candidates for a work position , using smoking as an excuse . 
  no , they do n't . 
  it is the job of the government to ensure that employees and clients find themselves in a healthy environment . 
  imagine an employee working for 8 hours in a place where hundreds of people smoke . 
  i do n't see any point at all . 
  it 's like saying that hitler was only one person in the beginning . 
  terrorist cells and hate groups work underground , one has to start somewhere . 
  particularly in this incident , where if uat2d cared enough to read the whole article , would see that there is something very fishy about it . 
  you are free to do whatever you want inside your house . 
  you are not free to harm other people . 
  a nation is not a necessarily a state . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation jews form a nation . 
  it 's practically the same , jews form a nation . 
  this is very different . 
  there are national sporting events everywhere . 
  investigations about criminal networks , possibly involved in murders , are not `` witch hunts '' . 
  a few days ago they arrested 43 pedophiles , uncovering the network starting from one person . 
  we are 7 billion in the world . 
  43 is nothing . 
  this must be a ridiculous `` witch hunt '' too , right ? 
  `` only 43 pedophiles ! '', 
  it seems that the case could be far bigger than you think . 
  it was burried for a number of years . 
  why , if only two officers were the problem ? 
  it is news and the parliament cares enough to open an investigation , because germans care deeply about the continued activity of such groups . 
  this is completely different , it is about recent connections and groups that exist now . 
  if you read the article , you will see that a parliamentary commission opens an investigation after the summer break . 
  why ? 
  for example , we should n't downvote a submission simply because we disagree with the statements made by a person referenced in an article . 
  these are two presentations in the organised crime , corruption and money laundering committee of the european parliament . 
  subsidies fraud : http://imgur.com/a/xvcl6 money laundering through online gambling : http://imgur.com/a/d0zd1 very interesting , very disturbing . 
  source : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/committees/en/crim/events.html?id=hearings, 
  a book containing goethe 's faust . 
  we need cultural relevance and this makes a good reference point for me . 
  there 's too much dogma in what i read here and there . 
  we want some facts . 
  not some imaginary regulations , not half-baked arguments . 
  yes , some sectors can use reforms , but reforms for all are far from opt-outs for some . 
  yes , you pay more than others for the eu budget , but you get more back due to the advantages of eu membership . 
  really , i want to read some numbers .
