   marriage counsellor gary mcfarlane , 51 , who was sacked for saying he might object to offering sex therapy to homosexuals , and registrar lillian ladele , who was disciplined when she refused to conduct same-sex civil partnership ceremonies , also lost their legal action . 
  the decision explains the joining of applications . 
   3 - the applicants complained that domestic law failed adequately to protect their right to manifest their religion . 
  ms eweida and ms chaplin complain specifically about restrictions placed by their employers on their wearing of a cross visibly around their necks . 
  ms ladele and mr mcfarlane complained specifically about sanctions taken against them by their employers as a result of their concerns about performing services which they considered to condone homosexual union . 
  ms eweida , ms chaplin and mr mcfarlane invoked article 9 of the convention , taken alone and in conjunction with article 14 , while ms ladele complained only under article 14 taken in conjunction with article 9 . 
   4 - on 12 april 2011 the application of ms chaplin was joined to that of ms eweida and the application of mr mcfarlane was joined to that of ms ladele . 
  all four applications were communicated to the government . 
  the court also decided to rule on the admissibility and merits of the applications at the same time ( article 29 \u00a7 1 ) . 
  at the date of adoption of the present judgment , it further decided to join all four applications . 
  you are wrong , greece has a history with left-wing terrorism . 
   monarchy and democracy are not mutually exclusive . 
  they are . 
  your monarch has a say in many matters , including who gets to be your prime minister in some instances . 
  you do n't enjoy all the features of a democracy , not matter how much you want to sugarcoat it . 
  read about your constitutional problems in great detail . 
  telegraph , express , mirror , star , and countless others you will see in a newsstand . 
  magazines , too . 
  really , you ca n't compare how much blindly anti-eu their media are , there 's no contest . 
  i 'm rooting for / r/thirdreich . 
  blame brussels ' bossiness . 
  some people keep downvoting content that does not present opinions in any way . 
  how old are they , 12 and ca n't read statistics ? 
  much more , national and regional newspapers . 
  even the telegraph , which is considered a serious newspaper , is practically against everything regarding the eu . 
  they are not , because democracy means that all citizens have an equal say in the decisions that affect their lives . 
  monarchs have privileges that were not given to them by the citizens . 
   under a new deal , greek shipowners will pay taxes on vessels registered abroad interesting development , it was about time for that . 
  shipowners should help more , patriotism is about helping your country in times of need . 
  of course , i wrote that we have our own shitty newspapers too . 
  the problem with the uk is that they 're much more in quantity and they are much more influential . 
  this is where a true leader shows the way forward and does n't give in . 
  murdoch and the rest can suck it , they have their own special interests . 
  the future of the people of the uk is more important . 
  if you 've already been to central europe , try anywhere in southeast europe . 
  it 's cheap and there is a large variety of scenery and choices . 
  you might grab great bargains until may , if you book early . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  we have our own shitty newspapers but the uk newspapers break any record . 
  they are not mutually exclusive . 
  it 's the exact same thing . 
  the interest of your country is to remain in the eu . 
  the interest of your citizens is to vote for competent politicians that wo n't lie about this important issue . 
  there are countries in the eu , whether part of the eurozone or not , that enforced the right policies and the crisis did not affect them . 
  you are too dependent on the financial sector , and everything associated with it . 
  work your factories , work your land . 
  do n't fight imaginary enemies , this is our neighbourhood , we are in this together . 
  there is a difference between criticism and slander . 
  stories like the one with the porsche owners , which we 've seen here that it was n't true , left a lasting impression on people that get their news from media outlets with poor journalistic practices . 
  i think that now you should take advantage of the situation and turn the media 's attention to the good things that you are able to do . 
  turn the anger into something productive . 
  msasti wrote about a geographic pole , i was keeping up with the theme . 
  and do n't talk to me about fierce opposition , mein herz brennt . 
  well , we have two poles . 
  if the majority of them supports euthanasia , then the north pole supports euthanasia , too . 
  the charter is part of the treaty . 
  the infamous opt out is very specific about the field of application . 
  however , in practice , the laws of the uk are shaped by eu directives . 
  there 's also the echr , the un , and other international organizations that shape uk legislation . 
  eu is a much larger bloc and helps in drafting international treaties and agreements . 
  the end result is that the uk , one way or another , conforms to eu standards , no matter how your local politicians try to sell their supposedly brave stance in front of the enemy . 
  my suggestion is this . 
  stop relying so much to the financial sector and work those closed factories . 
  then you 'll see that the eu is not the one to blame . 
   there 's no animosity between portuguese and spanish or french and english or germans and poles there is , we just hold our breath until we turn purple and pass out . 
  people in balkans are more active , we ca n't move with our beer bellies . 
  your quote is correct , your interpretation is not . 
  it has very specific uses , and in practice a limited field of application . 
  to tell you the truth , it was something that the eu gave you to bring back home , in order to sell it to the electorate . 
  it 's petty national politics . 
  i think that you should consult a map . 
  you ca n't compare romania and greece . 
  they have thousands of islands and the immigrants come via turkey , which is a muslim country and it is convenient for them . 
  as for the reason , there are wars and attacks in their countries . 
  you can learn a lot about european politics by judging the reactions to such statements . 
  i mean that they did n't fall from the sky intact . 
  there were many conflicts . 
  let 's not forget how our own nations came to be , right ? 
  this is an opt out on everything , as you wrote in your previous comment . 
  this interpretation is wrong . 
  good article . 
   in many instances , the false calculations are deliberate . 
  werner rothengatter , a researcher at the karlsruhe institute of technology , has studied major public works projects around the world . 
  he says there 's a similar pattern in democratic societies , where politicians have a tendency to deceive the public about the actual costs of these projects . 
  this is the reason why we should keep our big mouth shut when we blame others and conveniently forget our own failures . 
   the uk got an opt out on everything with the lisbon treaty this is not accurate . 
   if you do n't make a deal with us that is acceptable to everyone , we may very well leave this would be very , very stupid and you wo n't do it . 
  look , the claim that you would trade with the rest of the world if you leave the eu , because the eu somehow holds you back , is a fallacy . 
  nobody prevents you to do that right now . 
  germany trades with the rest of the world and we have the euro , which is going through a huge crisis . 
  you have your own currency , you applied quantitative easing , you say that you did everything in your power , but one thought never crossed your mind : your government is incompetent . 
  it 's not the eu that you should blame . 
  it 's your own politicians . 
  oh , you !, 
  eu ca n't let * any * member thinking that it can pick and choose its own rules . 
  it will be the end of the union . 
  very good summary . 
  i hear you , r\u00f6sler gets on my nerves . 
  it was an awful choice . 
  we care .
