  ** his idea was that greece should have defaulted to its private creditors rather than take on a huge loan from its european partners ( including of course germany ) . 
  **  in the recent outcry , varoufakis 's gesture ( or a figure of speech ) and its meaning were thus torn out of the context by german media and manipulated in the most brutal propaganda manner : his figure of speech from two years ago was related to a totally different situation . 
  he does n't speak german and i do n't know what his exact words to spiegel were . 
  in any case i believe that his statement was about the video played in the show because he accepted the authenticity of the conference footage yesterday . 
  let 's play the devil 's advocate for a moment . 
  even if he wanted to lie today , he 's not that stupid to forget that he was caught on camera yesterday accepting the existence of footage from the conference . 
  i think he 's just pissed off and could n't explain what he meant very well . 
   also he said in the tv show if you watch the whole segment , he also says what / u/e1821e wrote . 
  `` that was footage from that conference '' . 
  so he does accept the authenticity of the footage and of course he does n't question his words . 
  the only logical conclusion is that the `` doctored '' part refers to the undeniably out of context edited video they played on the show , which includes the footage in question , not that he claims the use of special effects to give the impression of sticking the middle finger . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnpcqqphq9k#t=3m17s also read this . 
  it 's there to give a sense of scale . 
  it 's like saying they lost roughly a year 's output during the last few years . 
   in this case , the way it was formulated might have been a bias on your teacher 's side , not of the competition itself . 
  you tried to explain everything . 
  you are a much stronger person than me . 
  a redditor listed the european countries , another one listed the eu countries . 
  you can list the northern european countries , or the south american countries . 
  the point is to examine the voting behaviour of different groups . 
  i do n't see any problem with that . 
   i have been asked to write an essay for a competition which involves ** possible new european union laws being passed which could not be compatible with national identity . 
  ** who runs the competition ? 
  [ bnp ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_national_party ) :-) ok , that was a joke . 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  eu makes it a point to preserve national and cultural identities . 
  give us an example of an eu `` law '' that would be incompatible with your national identity . 
   ad hominem corporations are not people and zerohedge is not a person . 
  ironheel 's point is that they repeatedly fail to predict eu 's doomsday . 
  greek gdp will inevitably grow , they 're at their lowest point now . 
  2013 will be the last year of recession . 
  they will probably achieve a primary surplus next year , the signs are very good . 
  nobody knows the rate of growth . 
  however , when they 're growing , they 'll be much more competitive than others having to go through similar programs . 
  it 's the end for greece 's austerity . 
  tl ; dr stereotypes about the ulterior motives of rich eu countries , inaccuracies and myths about the doings of poor eu countries , america good . 
  in reality , the architects of the euro knew that a crisis would happen . 
  at the time , for political reasons , european leaders could not accept ecb becoming a federal bank . 
  it is now a federal bank , silently . 
  if you ask me , i would postpone the introduction of the euro for 10 years . 
  this would allow everyone to catch up with the more industrialized north . 
  but now that we have it , it would be suicidal for all to allow anyone to exit . 
  haha , indeed !, 
  who downvotes scientific research ? 
  whether is is politically correct or not , migration from asia and africa plays an important role in malaria 's revival . 
  the same happens in other countries too . 
   which makes it a more attractive place to live and do business . 
  for all eu citizens , because they have the freedom of movement . 
  eu-funded projects exist everywhere , germany included . 
   that 's a bit simplistic that 's what happens in practice . 
  not only that , investors pay us to take their money , while we provide guarantees for the loans of other countries . 
  the balance in the end is positive for us . 
   i 'm convinced it will pay off in the long run that too . 
  us has a seat , eu does n't . 
  25 out of 27 members of the eu are n't represented at all . 
  all us states are . 
   actually not . 
  the metro lines stays in athens . 
  actually yes , because french construction companies got paid hundreds of millions for it , and german companies like siemens continue to provide the trains . 
  also , when you go to athens you are no longer required to wait for buses or pay expensive taxi rides . 
  so it 's a win-win situation for all of us . 
   in anyway that 600 million and things that with it can be bought are missing now from here . 
  actually no , because the deficits of the south are the surpluses of the north . 
  the surpluses of the north have the result of finland and other countries borrowing cheaper on the markets . 
  i was in the minority when i discussed this with other germans some time ago , but now many of them understand this aspect of the crisis . 
  juncker is right , many people are so ignorant and selfish that they wo n't admit the obvious . 
  we should cut spending elsewhere . 
  better health equals better productivity . 
  i agree 100 % , despite most of my country having a different opinion . 
  centralize eu policy decisions , the old political games belong to another era . 
  united nations is for * nations * . 
  there are many different political entities as members ( monarchies , federations , confederations , etc ) . 
  many of them are multinational . 
  eu is already a confederation of some sort . 
  it has a legal personality . 
  they would probably work out a deal with the rest of the member states . 
  i would buy . self domains in a snap . 
  sad story . 
  the british want to suppress or destroy anything they ca n't rule . 
  given that we could n't have random paintings in every one of them , we could devote the remaining 6 banknotes to one theme . 
  literature , painting , music , technology , society , politics . 
  each banknote could have multiple represenations , e.g. 
  french revolution and demolition of the berlin wall , scandinavian folklore and british literature etc. 
  can we all learn how to use the downvote button ? 
  you do n't downvote turkey here , you bury serious news about the fucked up situation in turkey . 
  [ you refer to greece each time you say the word euro . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#etymology ) :p i understand the historical significance of venus of willendorf , but she is hideous . 
  i like the portrait of europa they chose . 
  i could go with mona lisa . 
  i want some [ d\u00fcrer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adam_and_eve_ ( d % c3 % bcrer \\ ) ) and some [ titian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dana%c3%ab_ ( titian_series \\ ) ) next time . 
  breathtaking . 
  they 're on my list of 5 million places to go before i die . 
  i do n't like the slaughtering of whales though , although i understand where they come from on this . 
  i agree . 
  eurostat has a wealth of information but the interface has to be more user friendly for the average citizen . 
  it 's not as bad as it was in the past , but still has a long way to go . 
  but the title is different in the thread you linked . 
   serbian fisherman honored as `` superman of the danube '' for saving 25 lives the link shows an associated press story . 
  i looked around and found it .
