  i 've been to many places in south europe and they * do n't * go around with scarves . 
  they 're barely dressed during their prolonged summers . 
   never go barefoot . 
  always wear socks and slippers ( even during the summer on the coast ) . 
  the opposite . 
  they make fun of us . 
  germans and scandinavians are the worst offenders when it comes to socks during the summer . 
   avoid having two or more windows open in the same room , especially if they are on different walls . 
  the cross breeze is one of the more nefarious forms of propuh . 
  if you live in a windy area this makes sense , no matter the geographic location . 
  but that 's their religion , that 's their doctrine . 
  it 's not anyone else 's matter to decide . 
  it 's not an evangelist 's matter to decide how orthodox christians will function in their churches . 
  different people have different dogmas . 
  people disagreeing are free to establish their own religions and their own churches . 
  non-believers are free to establish their own organizations , and gather in their own places to talk about morality and other issues . 
  asking people with specific beliefs to alter their world-view because someone disagrees with them , is moronic . 
  pay special attention to what i wrote . 
   did n't pay anything special greece , portugal , and the uk are imf members . 
  they all contribute to imf 's funding . 
  they 're like the shareholders of a bank . 
  this bank provides loans around the world . 
  greece paid for greece 's and portugal 's imf loan , portugal paid for portugal 's and greece 's imf loan , uk paid for greece 's and portugal 's imf loan . 
  but the uk did not pay anything extra for these loans , because uk was and is an imf member , as numerous other countries . 
  they are all obliged to provide funding to the imf , and they have access to imf funding and services . 
  the uk was not asked to do anything special in these cases . 
  uk 's imf share was used for the aforementioned loans , as well as for other loans around the world . 
  uk provided funding to ireland , in the form of a bilateral loan . 
  this has nothing to do with imf , ecb , eu , or any other country . 
  it 's a matter for the uk and ireland alone . 
  ecb is eu 's central bank . 
  it did not appeal to imf or anyone else for monetary assistance . 
  a central bank is different than a commercial bank . 
  ecb is part of the `` troika '' that provides liquidity to greece , portugal , ireland , and other eu countries . 
  one of the few good things in cameron 's pursuit is that the people in the uk will actually learn about the eu and its institutions . 
  they are ignorant right now . 
  you did n't pay anything special for greece or portugal . 
  you provided a bilateral loan to ireland . 
   `` there is a major problem in measuring people 's beliefs and excluding them . 
  this could easily turn into a form of control . 
  who is to decide whether a priest has the right belief ? '' asks union chairman per bucholdt andreasen . 
  they ask for a priest following a specific doctrine , you moron !, 
  they 're not buddhists or animists . 
  would this person hire a porn star for his religious needs , or a witch for his surgical operation ? 
  what is wrong with him ? 
  so , germans are pro-equality and french want friends with benefits ? 
   some experts argue that the standards for academic sourcing and footnoting were looser in the 1970s and 80s than they are today . 
  what a pathetic excuse . 
  also , guttenberg had to cancel his lecture . 
  http://thedartmouth.com/2013/01/22/news/guttenberg  disgraced former german minister of defense karl-theodor zu guttenberg canceled his scheduled lecture in haldemann after a flurry of criticism from students and faculty over the weekend . 
  guttenberg , who was invited to speak at an event hosted by the international business council , cited personal reasons in a written statement to the student group . 
   mr r\u00f6sler , vice-chancellor and economy minister in ms merkel 's government , agreed to make way for ** rainer br\u00fcderle ** , the fdp 's veteran parliamentary leader . 
  mr r\u00f6sler is blamed for having failed to restore the party 's fortunes . 
   mr merkel , chancellor , expressed her disappointment at the narrow defeat of her ruling christian democratic union in the critical state election , seen as a dry run for the national poll due in september . 
   a centre-left coalition of the opposition social democratic party and the environmentalist greens took control of the state parliament in hanover with a majority of just one seat , after a cliffhanger vote . 
   ms merkel 's cdu came top of the poll with 36 per cent , but lost six percentage points compared with the last state election , mostly because of tactical voting by supporters who backed the liberal fdp , the junior partner in her centre-right coalition . 
  between them the cdu and fdp won 68 seats , against 69 for the combined forces of the spd and greens . 
   the outcome underlined the weakness of the fdp , although the party won a surprising 9.9 per cent . 
  pollsters calculated that almost 80 per cent of those votes came from cdu supporters seeking to guarantee that the liberals got more than the minimum 5 per cent needed to win parliamentary seats in a german election . 
  we had 3 posts about it in / r/europe . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=algeria&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all you are welcome to post a fourth , or another submission for any topic you want . 
  your username might be offensive for some people , and might bring back dark memories for some others . 
  i realize that it 's satirical , but it 's probably for the best to reconsider . 
  judging by some serious comments in your history , you are definitely able to understand that . 
  i 'm not trying to lecture you here , it 's just my point of view . 
  what else remains to be done about it ? 
  throw them out ? 
  i agree about stricter border controls , but you ca n't deport millions of people . 
  it would cause a disaster of epic proportions . 
  missed the other submission ? 
  write to your mep ? 
  you 're right . 
   but i thought multiculturalism is bad , that every muslim wants what those pieces of shit did multiculturalism is a set of failed policies , it is n't about supposedly hateful muslims . 
  read this , malik makes a good case . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with some of his arguments , but i want people like \u017di\u017eek to be enforcers of policies for a while . 
  typing from his comfortable academic chair is convenient . 
  youtube account terminated , content removed . 
   finally , the commission allowed itself unilaterally to determine which parts of some of the documents were `` relevant '' for the ecas request for access . 
  let a german help . 
  ( crowds shivering . ), 
  a ) offline sources do exist . 
  b ) the french wanted to have their own cake and eat it too . 
  however , as juncker was closer to them , we made them an offer they could n't refuse . 
  check and mate . 
  `` i could n't understand the ikea manual . '', 
  too soon ? 
  the losers ' cases were destined to fail , given the anti-discrimination laws . 
  what did you expect , to write about people against gays losing a case ? 
  this would be like writing about london being the capital of the uk . 
  also , titles are as short as they can be . 
  the case about the small cross is much more important and i believe that courts will use the outcome again in the future . 
  my politically incorrect opinion is that this referendum is designed to fail in this climate . 
  cameron might not get re-elected , snp could wait a year and do this under better terms , with labour in the government . 
  at last , some sense . 
  sometimes political correctness goes to the extremes . 
  if she was able to do her job and did n't try to impose her beliefs to anyone else , i do n't see how a small cross was an insult to any other person . 
  what 's next , prosecuting teens wearing lady gaga t-shirts , for bad taste in music ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  it 's there . 
   they rejected the cases of nurse shirley chaplin , 57 , who was switched to a desk job after she also refused to remove a crucifix which she wore with her uniform .
