but at the same time we expect a lot from our government . 
  weird , huh . 
  a few upvotes here and there ... the market has n't crashed yet it seems, 
  we need * european news * . 
  not bbc . 
  not the guardian . 
  european . 
  news . 
  on an english-speaking website like reddit ? 
  yeah , fat chance . 
  short term , yes . 
  long term , no . 
  i would n't be surprised if german came to gain influence in the eu - and to be frank i would be very glad to see more diversity happen . 
  r/france has \u00e9driseurs . 
  come now before they 're all sold !, 
  well , used to . 
  and he 's quite disliked anyway , are you arguing he 's not ? 
   any politician in place see his popularity get obliterated . 
  so you agree with me ... 
  i 'd say you 're the minority here . 
  valls is overall extremely disliked in france . 
  this simply means the ps is over as it is , now that it 's any news though . 
  macron will rebuild a center-left coalition , taking the place of the old party and working with the centrist socialist mps . 
  the harder left , led by hamon and closer to m\u00e9lenchon , may or may not form a distinct political group by themselves , depending on the weather and things like that . 
  interesting times . 
  i can share french newspapers if you wish so . 
  not too sure you 'll be able to read them though . 
  this , my friend , is proof that language shapes politics . 
  it 's just become too big for its own good . 
  to difficult to create coherent macroeconomic policies with such different economies . 
  this is necessary imo, 
  to make it simple , there is free movement of goods but taxation is still a national matter . 
  thus justifying different websites for different member countries . 
  this is one of the key elements of eu integration fyi , but as it is an essential element of sovereignty to be able to levy taxes it 's a rather sensitive subject . 
  i can safely say that the day taxes are dealt with at the european level , the eu will truely have become a federal union . 
  time to strike england and get their continental possessions back in french hands it seems . 
  nor in europe ? ... 
  actually the proportion of black population in france is probably the highest in europe i think, 
  there still is n't in 2017, 
  me wan na see stream , me wan na see map of current game . 
  send plox, 
  +1 as for the underground , you have to keep in mind that it 's one of the oldest in the world and as such it was n't designed with disabled people in mind . 
  that 's no excuse , and i struggle as well when i have heavy luggage . 
  they 've been working on it for years now but given how overcrowded it is all the time the renovations will take time . 
  you should take the bus , they 're way more friendly in that regard . 
  i do n't get how that 's a `` worst '' , actually . 
  like , it 's as relevant as saying that we 're the best at playing conker , but somehow r/europe loves these kinds of maps . 
  i have no explanation regarding your accent , as i find it easier to speak french than english with a qu\u00e9becois ... 
  i know the accent sounds funny to some but that 's going a bit far , is n't it ? 
  i would definitely say that we 're the best at not speaking english ... 
  it 's less pro-russia than it is anti-atlanticism . 
  they 're polling at less than 1 % . 
  also i do n't see what 's that alien in asselineau 's proposals , although they do n't seem very credible . 
  ` tis a [ meme ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=invest+in+eastern+poland&amp;rlz=1c1chbd_frfr708fr708&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjotlox7ursahxd7hokhuxmbn0q_auiccgb&amp;biw=1600&amp;bih=832 ) friendo, 
  time to invest, 
  spicy, 
  this was actually the exact opposite , he was saying how much the romanians work . 
  yeah with 25 candidates ... 
  not at all . 
  the debate will last 3h and started at 9 . 
  we made the pinkie deal , that makes it last longer than the 10 commandments fam, 
  there were some calls to give it back after the election :d, 
  climb up a bit the comments, 
  leave france alone :'(, 
  indeed . 
  i remember an excellent technical article titled `` why arabs lose wars '' on the structural weaknesses of the saudi army linked to its specific socio-cultural environment . 
  our three weapons of choice are surprise , fear and ... wait , it 's not that ... 
  france has no allies in there ? 
  who started the war anyway ? 
  there is no stream and we have little info here . 
  have you seen the map ? 
  and she 's got truces with the coalition . . sure there is the war against andalucia but nothing god-emperor u/floyddit ca n't handle, 
  all-time . 
  both collapsed a few years ago already . 
  there is n't much `` fuck '' to wish to them anymore imo, 
  what makes you a refugee is a direct and certain threat to your life . 
  if you go through a country that protects you from that without stopping because there are better opportunities next door , you are nitpicking and that should n't be allowed . 
  what makes you a refugee is a direct and certain threat to your life . 
  if you go through a country that protects you from that without stopping because there are better opportunities next door , you are nitpicking and that should n't be allowed . 
  that and poor charisma and otherwise amateurish first months . 
  it caused protests from the left but otherwise did n't cause an uproar . 
  that 's no `` the french '' , it 's revolutionaries trade unions and far-left activists . 
  i actually think we 're doing quite well ... which ones are the crazies according to you ? 
  a fort , as shown on the map . 
  france inherited burgundy ... hoooohhh ... that 's so good ... 
  and the sun technically does n't set over it !, 
  amazing !!, 
  yeah , but same with the others posted here i guess . 
  a bit of circlejerking does n't hurt from time to time . 
  it 's an issue to me as well , the fact that while the people are moving to the right , the politics are stubbornly staying where they are . 
  as long as there wo n't be concessions made to the fn 's voterbase ( on immigration , or rural development ) the anger will keep rising and no one quite knows where that could lead . 
  it is concessions of this type that will weaken the fn , that or excellent economic growth that we likely wo n't see for structural reasons . 
  i find it quite good actually . 
  referential and a bit original . 
  yeah , i 've seen that . 
  i wanted to open space for discussion under each comment but i guess i expected too much . 
  if he does that the eu entry will be out of the way for the foreseeable future ; though it is n't as if it was already fucked in the first place ... 
  you mean a chance ? 
  the second turn is limited to only two people , those how have had the highest vote number during first turn . 
  as of right now that would be marine le pen and emmanuel macron .
