  there is no boost for you from a single underexposed `` incident '' when you 're already polling at 25 % . 
  this is no bending over . 
  there was no legal basis to cancel the meeting and besides , you seem to forget how much turkey cried when france recognized the armenian genocide . 
  i for one agree with the decision . 
  there was no point in forbidding a reunion of 80 people in a room , planned , with the authorizations , simply to `` side with the dutch '' . 
  we are in a political and economic union together , for christ 's sake . 
  the dutch know we 're on the same `` side '' . 
  i do n't know about dutch law , but under french law it 's not possible to prevent an event from taking place unless it 's unauthorized in the first place and/or would cause trouble to the public order . 
  there was no legal ground here to prevent this reunion and to be honest it would n't have been appropriate , european solidarity or not . 
  there is no need to translate it from english . 
  in french it 's `` tax heaven '' as well , so no inferiority complex required . 
  your language is beautiful the way it is , 
  i did n't read the article , but the headline justified an upvote by itself . 
  i have no idea . 
  this is still a project , you know . 
  i would think so , yes . 
  mandatory language tests before hiring , i guess . 
  they will argue that speaking french is necessary to understand safety instructions , thus making it valid under eu discrimination law . 
  i am usually very pro- `` moli\u00e8re clauses '' , as they are called , but this one just feels like basic discrimination to me . 
  hopefully the courts will bring it down . 
  this is already the case for orthodox priests , but let 's wait for more info . 
  are n't they still ? 
  i would n't say last few . 
  the frondeurs were a minority . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  if you 're not ready to back your party 's primary pick , it 's better to simply not have primaries at all . 
  i have no idea , they are explained in the eu status if you wan na check them . 
  in bulgarian as well normally . 
  all in good time , when the bulgarian economy will be closer to european standards . 
  simple . 
  there has been a merger of administrative regions . 
  old : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:france_fond_de_carte_27_r%c3%a9gions.png new : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:france_base_map_18_regions.png, 
  it 's elections time . 
  no space for eu , as contradictory as it may seem . 
  better , thanks . 
  that 's . 
  not . 
  possible . 
  like , it 's forbidden . 
  seriously . . 
  why are they using the old regions map ? 
  you have to keep in mind that the 5th republic is quite young - it was founded in 1958 - so `` worst term in history '' means something quite different from what it would mean in the us , where the government form has n't changed in 200 years and a few . 
  i would n't say his term was the worst , but it definitively was the most hated and the most riddled with blunders in the history of the 5th republic . 
  dude wtf ? 
  are you going this far assuming the translation is shit ? 
  i say there is no mistake , i 've read the whole thing twice and aside from a formulation that 's a bit foreign there is no mistake in this document , unless we 're not looking at the same one . 
  i am not , the translation is excellent . 
  i 've quickly read the whole thing and found no obvious mistake . 
  it 's a make-believe , retroactively calling the course of events a logical succession that went in a logical direction when i could call the recent trend of illiberal democracies as progress , liberal democracies being simply a parenthesis , a kind of dark ages . 
  progress is such an ideologically charged word , it has no meaning that could `` affect my life '' . 
  the french translation is flawless . 
  i thought this was common knowledge . 
  she 's not the french donald trump , and that 's because 25 % unemployment for the young people here . 
  they do n't want the investigation to stop , they want to show the lr party that he 's their candidate and that they would refuse any alternative to him . 
  he 's the dream candidate for the more traditional branch of the lr , someone they did n't really expect to get the candidacy . 
  to see him facing charges is a huge letdown and they still would prefer a charged president from their side to a president they loathe . 
  do n't be so bitter , just enjoy the cool picture . 
  progress is such an overrated word . 
  i 'd hold my breath . 
  we 've seen so many surprises during this campaign . 
  he announced a few minutes ago on national tv that he would n't resign and that he 'd convince his friends that his candidacy was the best for the party . 
  this follows a rally today in paris that was more successful than expected and globally went well despite the rain . 
  the ` trend ' right now is to be liberal though . 
  i know . 
  i am against the terrible leader trup has proved himself to be and is was doomed to become from the very beginnning , but i just ca n't upvote this spam on r/europe when we have so many other meaningful matters to discuss that might more directly relate to us . 
  sad , really . 
  tbh i 'm getting tired of these polls with no context day after day . 
  this is basically just watching football results now . 
  guys , just follow the news when something significant happen , or are you just happy to see that macron is performing well ? 
  crime against humanity is a legal construction from the nuremberg trials . 
  i played cookie clicker back in the days ... 
  some people love to to follow the evolution of numbers day after day . 
  loto , sports , polls , you name it . ', 
  this is quite true i think . 
  that 's the point of the graph , showing how difficult it may be to cooperate between different armies . 
  do n't know if you 're sarcastic or not , that 's a genuine issue, 
  it is comforting to think that people you disagree with are just frustrated mediocre people , is n't it ? 
  though i shzre your sentiment regarding trump 's and bannon 's political standing , i would refrain from claiming the high ground if i were you . 
  may i add that you ca n't have a religious ceremony of marriage in france if you have n't been married before the mayor before . 
  i do n't see any, 
  i though [ malta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmes353uc-y ) was the place where they worship potato, 
  it has to begin somewhere though ... 
  this should be a eu-wide regulation . 
  usually people tend to be more sure about what 's already happened than about what 's going to happen ... 
  they are quite accurate , but the uncertainty is still very high , and most people are n't sure who they will vote for . 
  it 's my opinion that his presidency will be judged as `` a presidency for nothing '' . 
  nothing worth the flare he took , nothing to gawk at , just a passable manager without charisma who happened to be elected by accident and dealt with issues as they came to him . 
  nothing glorious , really . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  the president can choose whoever he wants as prime minister , as long as the prime minister does n't face a motion of no confidence , in which case he would be forced to resign . 
  so that means to fn prime minister . 
  damn , now i 'm not sure . 
  i 'll sleep on it and answer tomorrow . 
  come on . 
  just go a step further and you 'll be holding the fact that he 's intelligent against him . 
  he has been a brilliant investment banker , everyone 's at least agreeing on that . 
  now to check his record as a minister of finances , something that 's much more subject to arguing . 
   imo this 1 state = 1 language mentality should just disappear . 
  this . 
  support is different from lack of candidacy .
