he was also arrested and imprisoned by the republicans as well . 
  and was re-elected after that . 
  one of the most interesting figures of the spanish civil war that often goes forgotten . 
  plus , spain and catalonia are far away of being yugoslavia . 
  both geopolitically , historically or ethnically speaking . 
  `` famous '' people bragging about who fucked with who/what . 
  holy shit men, 
   you ended up giving the same pointless points evey spaniard , and only a spaniard , as no one in europe thinks like you would give . 
  i know you are probably a bit mad because all this nonsensense thread , but you just did there the same thing op has been doing in his posts . 
  just sayin ', 
  you 've nailed it . 
  it seems there 's someone trying to blame all of this on the nurse . 
  i 'm not buying half of what 's being reported lately ( and if i were a relative i would sue the health advisor of madrid for implied that she lied about the fever among other things ) . 
  that being said , i refuse to think that any qualified doctor ruled out ebola so quickly in an exposed patient because fever was low . 
  twice . 
  it does not make sense . 
  the latest reports said that she did n't inform to the doctors who treated her ( in the first time ) about being exposed to the virus . 
  ( google translate )  he has also admitted he does not told her doctor , who attended him at the health center who had been in contact with infected . 
  then when he began to feel worse , he called 061 and an ambulance came for her to move her to the hospital of alcorc\u00f3n . 
  `` the nurses who treated me were normal clothes , without protection . '', 
  once entered , he asked the doctor about the outcome : `` i did not mean and i already suspected , '' he noted . 
  i was talking about changing the constitution . 
  i 'm not a jurist , but that should be a state issue . 
  what is stupid is having a constitutional thing that says that regional governments ca n't ask people the hell they want . 
   it is impossible for a catalan politician to propose a change on the constitution . 
  the legal processes to change it do not provide this option . 
  yes they can propose it , through a `` regional assembly '' , like any other autonomy in spain . 
  then is up to the ~ ~ congress ~ ~ government accept it or refuse it . 
  in the same way that any member of the congress can propose one . 
   meanwhile , juan carlos killed his own older brother with a rifle , nothing to see here keep moving . 
  but seriously , he was his younger brother not the older , he did n't need to pull a game of thrones to make him the heir . 
  it did have a coat of arms , almost identical as the actual one . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_the_second_spanish_republic i guess it 's a matter of tastes . 
  if you ask me , the prettiest one was the [ cross of burgundy . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cross_of_burgundy ), 
  that 's because the republican flag is a very ugly one . 
  seriously , you ca n't be a serious country with purple in your flag . 
  ( joke ) ( not much ) i 'll keep the anthem , tho . 
  el himno de riego is badass . 
  and i was just telling my opinion because i do n't have a fucking crystal ball to see the future . 
   a new generation has the right to choose again . 
  you see , that 's the main problem i also see with the catalan cause . 
  how often do we have referendums ? 
  let 's say 40 years ? 
  what happens if republicans win , and then 40 years later people choose monarchy ? 
  do we hop onto a constitutional monarchy again ? 
  and again , and ... 
  it 's not a very pragmatic solution ... 
  personally , do n't think so . 
  it 's the time to make a referendum about the monarchy . 
  if it 's tomorrow , the better . 
  that , and a very good pr could make things cool down . 
  i do n't think they are going to push it . 
  as long as letizia does n't have any more children , the next head of the state would be leonor without change anything . 
  he is considered a way lot better than his father . 
  has lots of degrees , masters and whynot about politics and international relations in very good private colleges ( that of course everyone of us paid for ) . 
  plus a clean military record . 
  monarchy 's reputation in spain is very low right now . 
  let 's see how this going . 
  well , maybe because about 1/4 of extremadura 's workforce are government workers . 
  which is also quite unsustainable , if you ask me . 
  do n't know about the exact situation of the catalan education system ( education is lead by regional governments , who distribute the money assigned by the state as they want ) , but if follows the spanish trend she probably faced frozen salaries , even some kind of pay cuts in form of hours/week or pluses . 
  but let me tell you , if she managed to get a job on public education , she is very lucky . 
  it 's very hard to get a spot into , and the wages are pretty decent to live . 
  about the father , it 's imposible to know . 
  maybe he sold all the properties before the real state crisis and ended with a fairly amount of money . 
  or maybe he did n't . 
  those years were crazy . 
  anyway , it 's the lower classes who are really struggling and suffering the worst of the crisis . 
  people like your friend and her family are the ones who realized that they were n't millionaries and could n't continue living in that way ( like most of spaniards ) . 
  change your way of life and your mentality is depressing . 
  and depressing is the current mood of the country . 
  i would like to think this means , due to the economic dificulties , justice is finally acting like it should , and is catching all the criminals who previously get away with it . 
  hence the raise on the corruption cases . 
  one can dream . 
  there is n't . 
  it 's just this guy , who apparently went crazy on a rage rampage . 
  sort of . 
  sometimes , and specially at certain hours you can only hear people speaking spanish on the tube . 
  it 's getting pretty massive on london lately . 
  ps : i already know we talk louder than anyone , but that 's not what i mean, 
  there is nothing official yet . 
  the official sources just said that the assumption of a terrorist attack has been ruled out , and they are working on the rescue of the injuries and deaths , before looking for the causes of the accident . 
  right now there are some reports from the local media stating that the train entered at 150 kmph in a zone limited at 80 kmph . 
  but again , it 's too soon to make any conclusion . 
  plan e , grants for everyone , even ones involved on the less productive sector , give a lot of budget for infrastructures that was n't being used ... 
  damn , he even wanted to give 400 euros to everyone once he won his second election . 
  at least that time he puts the break on the wallet . 
  i 'm assuming you live in the north , too . 
  i 'm not a socialist , but the guy manage to win 2 consecutive elections . 
  that 's something remarkable . 
  i mean , he was a good speaker , and he knows how to get to the people . 
  that was my point . 
  politics , after all . 
  for example , encourage him to spend a shit fuck ton of euros on meaningless things , that 's one from the top of my head . 
  he had the worst government assessors i 've ever seen . 
  seriously , those guys were dumb as hell . 
  zapatero had charm and leadership , but that 's all . 
  that being said , he would n't be able to stop the bubble even if he were the best economist in the world . 
  that was unstopable , and comes from far behind him .
