   only those from galicia disagree . 
  yeah man , i mean , what happen with you and the rest of spaniards against grey sky , cold wind and full year rain ? 
  there are some jokes about jordi pujol and hidden accounts in switzerland flying around here . 
  the way they pronounce the strong `` r '' shows that they are english speakers . 
  it 's very distinctive . 
  they also have some sort of latin american vibe on their spanish , so i would say that they are indeed americans . 
  at very least , they are anglophones . 
  * no no no this does n't go here . 
  this form goes on the other window , the one with a 2km queue and needs the signature of the count duke of olivares . 
  do n't know if it has an english translation though . 
  just slightly related with the music topic ... talking about european integration , there 's a galician folk group who in my opinion nailed it . 
  it 's a traditional english song , with galician lyrics and instruments , sung by a portuguese woman with the help and vibe of a flamenco ( andalucia ) singer . 
  [ luar na lubre - romeiro ao lonxe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgao6fxtmli ) to top that , lyrics are about an ancient celtic tale . 
  food is a lot better in everywhere but madrid . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't want to defend that horrendous law , but are you seriously comparing bullfighting with the holocaust ? 
  oh , so now the phoneme / \u03b8 / is a lisp ? 
  i sink it 's you who should visit a speech serapist . 
   \\  beaches  \\  flamenco  \\  madrid, 
   do multiple jobs per person count in these stats ? 
  i guess so . 
  job creation is merely a number about new jobs being available , so ... 
  the key factor here is how the unemployment evolves . 
  it 's not that easy for one single person to work on 2 jobs , especially if one is full time , let alone 3 . 
   ive read articles that stated that the spanish job market makes you you go through many contracts in just a single year well i do n't know anyone who has to sign a contract every week . 
  and certainly not doctors ; doctors from the nhs have a very stable contract ( usually lifetime ) and are reasonably well paid . 
  nurses are another history . 
  could you be mistaken it with greece ? 
  i remember an article about doctors there that were facing this kind of contracts . 
  3 to 6 months when you sign is the norm , if you are unlucky you could end signing 3 or 4 contracts per year . 
  i sincerely think that minijobs situation in germany is far worse than this . 
   firing somebody in spain ** is ** incredibly costly to the point that was, 
  both police forces , guardia civil and polic\u00eda , carry guns . 
  unloaded , though . 
  as far as i know , they have to give a lot of explanations and fill a lot of paperwork if they even load a clip . 
  * say , we can go where we want to , a place where they will never find ... * join the grexity dance !, 
  if we want to . 
  we can leave your friends behind . 
  [ hello boys . 
   a good way to figure out if a action is immoral is to ask the question , if everyone behaved like this what would the world look like ? 
  i 've no idea . 
  mind you if i ask this question to someone on that little british rock south of spain ? 
  oysters clams and cockles, 
  huh , really ? 
  i always thought you had to send a notification to the goverment 's delegation with a couple of days beforehand . 
  you did n't need permission * per se * , but you had to notify . 
  i 've never organized anything , but that 's what people said . 
  probably , yes . 
  i 'm also a frugal person . 
  i do n't need much to be happy , or confident for that matter . 
  and i know the samplings for my opinion are very limited , so you might be dead right on your points . 
  but btw , before the crisis , modern spain historically had unemployment rates several points above the european media , and the country still managed to grow . 
  the only moment when those numbers were really decent ? 
  the housing boom . 
  we are not going to see those numbers in a looong time . 
  but the situations are n't the same . 
  spain took a hit with the crisis , but not to the level of greece . 
  now things are getting better , more and more of my friends who were unemployed are getting jobs , and even salaries are slowly growing . 
  there 's not much sympathy towards syriza 's last decisions , especially after the conditions we had to endure the last years . 
  podemos will make a mistake if they start to make campaing with that kind of speech . 
  obviously i do n't have an universal truth , i 'm just talking about me and my inner circle impresions . 
  you seem to be very confident about the politicians who caused the real state bubble on the first time . 
  as someone said up here , spain is not / r/europe . 
  people are fed up of the traditional ruler class ( mostly pp-psoe ) , not the european institutions . 
  it 's all about internal disaffection . 
  and i sincerely think people in my country are smart enough to not buy the whole `` the big bad institutions and the fat cats in northern europe stifling a small heroic southern country '' . 
  i do n't even see podemos address this kind of speech . 
  a little bit broken ( like my english ) , but perfectly understandable !, 
   they will pact and agree with whoever it takes to get some power that 's politics 101 man . 
  it comes with a political price though . 
  i 'm sure you remember what happened with the psc , maragall and carod rovira years ago . 
   in spain if you ever think of a right coalition and a left coalition you will always find c 's in the right . 
  not in andaluc\u00eda at least . 
  granted , if you believe that andalusian psoe is `` leftist '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , c 's reeks at pp and i do n't like them either , but i think you have a very strong bias towards them because of their views about catalan nationalism being a catalan ( in origin ) party . 
  i mean , at least they have a somewhat leftist opinions on some very important social policies . 
  that 's the most german-ish explanation of a joke i 've ever read in my life . 
  i 'd say feijoo 's galician is pretty decent . 
  at least if you compare it with touri\u00f1o 's and his `` sunta de galicia '' thing . 
   on a regional level , only knowledge one of the languages of the region should be required . 
  you have the right to be attended by a public official in the language you want , so in the regions with 2 official languages , they have to be able of perfectly communicating in both of them . 
  [ this one ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/cqhkdcaa5ac ), 
   the world accused the spaniards of cowardice . 
  i remember this phrase boiling my blood at the time . 
  the `` world '' , i.e. 
  some establishments of the former american government could say whatever they wanted . 
  polls at the beginning of iraq 's war showed that 90 % of spaniards did n't even wanted to enter a conflict on which we did n't have a single fuck to give . 
  aznar carried on despite the major public opposition . 
  so zapatero 's decision only followed its normal course in a democracy . 
  he also did this promise way way before the attacks . 
  i think you meant a couple of years ago . 
  and it 's not like the uk is n't happy to play that silly game of media distraction too . 
  swedish camo looks stylish as fuck . 
  it is racism , since some basque nationalist believe that basque is actually a race . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sabino_arana#racial_views it seems that op thinks you only can be a true basque if you are a nationalist . 
  that 's how biased some of those guys are . 
   because if he means closed ala franco then of course we should retaliate . 
  that 's totally going to happen . 
  aight boys , time to rebuild the armadas , dig up nelson and blas de lezo and set sail to the caribbean .
