  no sir . 
  i chose this username because he was directly responsible for the genocide of 10,000,000 + of our european brothers and sisters yet nobody ever talks about him . 
  https://twitter.com/britainelects sunderland in particular just btfo the pound . 
  british pound down 3 % turnout and remain voters much lower than expected . 
  brexit is coming ? 
  e : down 6.1 % @ 3:44 am . . markets have all but called it . 
  https://www.google.ca/finance?q=gbpusd&amp;ei=agxsv6iucmwtjahcu6vabq https://www.dailyfx.com/gbp-usd, 
  you clearly have n't been following the news lately or the scottish referendum . 
  all of their nuclear weapons ( which need to be replaced soon ) are stored at hmnb clyde which scottish parliament ( all parties ) wants closed and the vast majority of scottish people agree . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hmnb_clyde will they build another $ 100b underground naval/storage centre in wales ? 
  absolutely not . 
  northern ireland ? 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's possible but even the majority of englishmen want to go nuclear free and only the conservatives support replacing them . 
  not sure why i waste my time explaining this to what i assume is an american . 
  neither will the uk shortly if scotland gets their way or goes independent . 
  terrible argument in my opinion . 
  they keep moving towards a unified army . 
  do n't forget the usa invaded the csa because they broke free . 
  well the pound is holding steady and ftse is up 1.25 % . 
  either the bankers think there is a 0 % chance of brexit ( what a conspiracy ) or they believe nothing will change . 
  my guess is they know the uk will get a deal similar to what was signed with canada ( ceta ) two years ago ie . 
  no free movement and 97 % of tariffs removed . 
  did n't they take in more than one million refugees ? 
  why would n't they expect that it will take longer this year ? 
   definietely wasnt a terrorist attack . 
  he called 9/11 three times to make sure the far-left would n't spin it into something it was n't . 
  apparently that was n't even enough . 
  what 's decadent about going to work at the wtc or hopping on a tube to go to work ? 
  are people that fly or stand in flight lines decadent in their eyes too ? 
  seems they attack people they know ca n't defend themselves . 
  6,000,000 of one and a few hundred of the other . 
  odds say . . 
  the chain was about ` freedom of trade ' regardless i 'm sure the brits will be fine with having 97 % of tarrifs removed . 
  they 'll probably get 99 % as they have far more to bargain with than the canadians had . 
  remain politicizing this will be the reason brexit wins in a few hours . 
  let 's be honest that promise is n't worth the paper it is n't even written on . 
  hopefully her majesty would dissolve parliament if this happened . 
  canada signed a trade deal two years ago with the eu that removes 97 % of tariffs and does n't require freedom of movement . 
  no the pound and ftse are up . 
  it 's all quite odd either the bankers think there is a 0 % chance of brexit ( what a conspiracy ) or they think nothing substantial will change if the brexit vote happens . 
  everyone will be better off come friday . 
  thank-you . 
  one issue is the 250m sent every week and the other is losing control of the 350m a week . 
  sometimes i wonder if leave is running the remain campaign . 
  if they play hard ball and we start losing export jobs there will be even more french people in the street . 
  with afd on the rise and other social issues germany and italy wo n't tolerate this posturing either . 
  i do n't know what he is thinking ` project fear ' is n't working . 
  you honestly think the usa/can/aus / nz will allow the eu to punish the brits ? 
  the minute brexit starts they 'll be using all of their collective soft power to ensure the brits get a fair shake . 
  the uk will get a similar 97 % - tarriffs-removed no-free-movement deal that was signed with canada in 2014 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comprehensive_economic_and_trade_agreement, 
  they 'll work with all of them . 
  regardless uk already imports/exports tons of stuff with china , eu , canada , africa , india , etc. 
  as it stands . 
  phucket me too, 
  this wo n't be the last eu referendum . 
  we 'll see many more in the future no matter what happens later today . 
  to be fair they do spent # 350 million a week . 
  my brother voted leave largely because of how remain harped on about this ` lie ' . 
  the main point ukip made was that the uk loses control of # 350 million a week which could be directed to programs as they see fit . 
  they 've also made it very clear that the total payment is # 250 million a week after rebates . 
  this , politicizing jo cox 's death and not reaching out to antisocial people will be the reasons brexit starts in a few hours . 
  it 's just an agreement in principle to strengthen frontex a cheap ploy before the referendum nothing more . 
  people saying ridiculous things like that to falsely butter up the eu would push people to vote leave if it had any effect at all . 
  sometimes i wonder if leave has subverts running the remain camp . 
  quite the conspiracy . 
  you truly think the markets are assuming brexit has a 0 % chance ? 
   so , it is just discounting the fact that leave never managed to sustain any kind of lead https://i.imgur.com/i1xv44d.png they held the lead in almost all polls for more than a week until joe cox was killed . 
  everyone will be better off come friday . 
   fico declared in january that he would `` never make a voluntary decision that would lead to the formation of a unified muslim community in slovakia . '' quite the statement for sure . 
  you 've probably added more support to leave than anyone else on reddit . 
  people are self sabotaging this remain campaign and i 'm starting to wonder if they do it on purpose . 
  you use ppp which is all but useless in this case . 
  polls are split and the ftse had a decent rise today . 
  either the banksters know nothing significant will change if brexit wins or they think the government wo n't follow through . 
  there are more refugees right now than there were after wwii . 
  wto rules if anything benefit the uk . 
  if junker plays hard ball and we start losing export jobs there will be even more french people in the street . 
  with afd on the rise and other social issues germany and italy wo n't tolerate this posturing either . 
  i do n't know what he is thinking ` project fear ' is n't working . 
  usa/can/aus / nz wo n't allow the eu to punish the uk and the council knows this . 
  the anglosphere will be using all of their collective soft power to ensure the brits get a fair shake if brexit happens , and since the last thing we need is more strife and referendums i hope if it does happen they go in peace and are treated with good faith . 
  i work for a political party and our private polling company has 80/20 towards leave for undecided which is causing a stress crisis here . 
  take this with a grain of salt because ftse is up so apparently the other private polls are saying the opposite . 
  yeah i work for the ps party and i 'm about as left as it gets . 
  try another ad hominem . 
  how does that remind me bot work again ? 
  you trust the five unelected eu presidents to protect your rights but not the electorate ? 
  i think that is outright nutty . 
  how did you come to that position ? 
  this is n't about their conservative party if brexit happens next election ( perhaps immediately if cameron decides to resign ) brits can throw them out and never elect them again . 
  cameron is only two steps away now : http://www.haaretz.com/world-news/europe/1.726245  british prime minister david cameron said monday night that israel needs britain to remain in the european union to help it fight bds . 
  brexit is n't left or right it 's just that their labour party whipped their members while the conservatives did not . 
  here in southern france almost all euroskeptics in my experience are left with the odd fn member . 
  that 's just as ridiculous as saying the democrats did the worst american shooting in history because the shooter happened to be a member of the democratic party . 
  oh come on ` the right ' did n't murder this woman . 
  how distasteful . 
  i do n't want to be called a neo-nazi or anything but those numbers and the source are very controversial . 
  trade using wto minimums would by most accounts harm the eu more than the uk . 
  ignoring the wto minimums would result in crippling sanctions from all member countries ( ie .
