my understanding was only the 70k vatican city signatures got removed . 
  op of the bot did 30k of those 70k and posted webms to prove it . 
   i would hate to see 48 % of the uk punished because 52 % did n't agree . 
  does this thought process extend to elections as well or only when your party/position loses ? 
  we have n't seen this much mass discontent with democracy since the weimar days it 's scary stuff . 
  it 's fair because 8,000,000 jews died in the holocaust so they deserve $ 9m each . 
  where do you find these dozens of articles you post ? 
  do you have a brexit feed ? 
  thank-you for answering . 
  well he has arguably set race relations back nearly half a century . 
  i know quebec/canada has a special visa program for scientists , ngos , professional organizations , etc. 
  via their nafta trade deal . 
  once you 've been vetted and in the program the border essentially disappears provided you refrain from commercial activities . 
  i imagine it would work similarly . 
  it 's not like junkhead really has a choice and he knows it, 
  vs. your nonstop anti-uk propaganda ? 
  does brussels still cover those expensive bavarian sausages ? 
  good . 
  they should pay all 7,000,000 victims $ 7m each . 
  there was a bot that had 12k downloads and thousands of replies made and posted on a ` politically incorrect ' prank imageboard i 'm not allowed to mention . 
  the op of the bot did some 30k signatures just for vatican city . 
  it made international news google will deliver proof . 
  the eu sure wo n't let us down this time , they 've changed . 
  trust in the junkman . 
  it wo n't even be that bad and by the looks of it you will prosper . 
  i presume we will be kicking ourselves because we did n't get out in time . 
  eu is toast without france and if deutsche bank fails as is predicted or another greece tier bailout happens it 's all over . 
  our unions are terrified brexit will affect our exports and put even more people into protesting on the streets . 
  police are almost overstretched as it is military will have to help soon . 
  there is more fear in continental europe than on the isles right now . 
  stalin purged more than 5,000 jewish officers from the soviet military and politburo which by most accounts was at least 3/4 of the entire group . 
  he demoted countless others as well . 
  you 're right it was n't limited exclusively to jews but it was still largely motivated by antisemitic beliefs this was confirmed during glasnost . 
  there was also mass pogroms under stalin glasnost showed that he blamed judaism for trotsky/lenin/yagoda / etc. 
  he was murdered by stalin 's antisemitic leadership pogrom aka ` the great purge ' . 
  i chose this username because he killed at least 10,000,000 of our european brothers and sisters in the 1930 's and yet nobody ever mentions him . 
  why do n't they go the canada route ? 
  visa free travel and 98 % tariffs removed . 
  mass deportations are the only solution . 
  it 's not a happy thought but it is what it is . 
  euro businesses are crashing the uk will be fine . 
  db is about to fail and either that or the next greece tier bailout will dissolve the union permanently . 
  once france leaves the eu is toast . 
  i do not like the crime is falling rhetoric . 
  i hear it here every week but they only count studies that look at the last 30 or 40 years . 
  violent crime and sexual crime in particular are multiple times more common in france now than the decade after occupation . 
  it leaves open mass deportation for people who do n't meet criteria yet to be determined . 
  the bill serves no real functional purpose and will be replaced whenever they figure out the final deal . 
  do you search for these or do you have a feed ? 
  you must have posted at least two dozen of these types of articles . 
  thank you for answering . 
  so essentially they can ignore this vote but they 'll almost surely have to deal with another one in a few years . 
  i bet the far-right in europe want nothing more than for this referendum to be ignored . 
  it would supply propaganda for decades and could just be the match that starts the blaze . 
  most of my friends are also very rich and very well connected, 
  i 'm convinced nationalistic socialism is the only solution to the evils of capitalism and communism . 
  i 'm ready for the next wave and you should be too . 
  they were printed in swedish, 
  98 % are done by people with brown eyes . 
  you honestly think romania and portgual are remotely comparable to the uk or france ? 
  they 're tiny , poor and completely irrelevant whereas we 're some of the greatest soft/hard powers the world has ever known . 
  my british friends say they hope they wo n't have to fight to the death for independence but they 're prepared to do so if democracy does n't work . 
  surely 17,000,000 wo n't take to the streets but a few million will . 
  are you prepared to fight in the streets for the eu ? 
  is anyone ? 
  also ex colonial countries obviously have more people living abroad, 
  well the nsdap did bring in revolutionary animal rights and environmental laws, 
  i 've been waiting for this all my adult life . 
  britain sure is n't romania, 
  what do you think ? 
  let 's be honest poor portugal has no world influence and the uk is ours and germanys largest export market . 
  the brits have almost all of the influence hell their stock exchange is higher than it was before the vote . 
  we will operate on their terms because if france loses tons of export jobs there will be even more people on the street and they 're already running on the limit without using military . 
  not really . 
  reasonable people do n't think democracy is best two out of three . 
  britain is n't portugal . 
  our government ca n't afford to lose tons of export jobs we 're halfway to anarchy as it stands right now . 
  is this the uss liberty attack ? 
  it was mentioned again in our assembly a few days ago, 
  i 've tried this for months and never got anything but an autoreply . 
  you were a good ally against the english centuries ago but otherwise we do n't really think of you at all . 
  i do n't want to be rude but you 're all but irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  now they 've moved the goalposts to ftse 250 . 
  apparently we do n't look at the full , 350 or the 150 anymore because they 're irrelevant . 
  if 3,000,000 come in 2,000,000 find low paying entry jobs and 1,000,000 sit around on welfare both claims are true . 
  i 've never understood the argument around here that both situations ( they take our jobs , they collect benefits ) ca n't coexist . 
  you 're either being purposefully disingenuous or you buy up whatever twitter throws at you without question . 
  `` we send # 350m to the eu every week . 
  let 's fund our nhs instead . '', 
  it was about control . 
  democracy . 
  accountability . 
  sovereignty . 
  far fewer assumed # 350m would be sent to the nhs than voters who bought the wwiii financial doom lies from the remain side . 
  even the pollsters that underestimated support for leave last thursday are now showing a clear majority support for leave . 
  stealth during flight does not exist . 
  if anyone does n't believe me ask someone in atc who has had a f22 fly into their airport . 
  even botswana now has passive radar which essentially is a system that detects a lack/disturbance in the background rather than pinging objects . 
  it has n't and probably ca n't ever be defeated without taking out the installation . 
  stealth is a myth all current technology can achieve is a very small rcs that ca n't be picked up by cold war era aa .
