  it was signed in 2014 just not ratified because canada would n't ratify until all europeans ratified and there are visa issues preventing that . 
  i do n't know how youth manage i never would have been able to pay my way through young adult life without basic jobs being available . 
  now it seems farm workers make less than i did 20 years ago before inflation . 
  i could spend all day reporting twitter posts and boost it by another 50 % . 
  less than 28 % of children born in germany are born to turkish families . 
  you 're not wrong, 
  democracy is n't best two out of three, 
  if the uk is divisible so is scotland . 
  here 's a map from last time : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_independence_referendum,_2014, 
  the world has already made it clear they wo n't tolerate anything but a soft hand and a swift deal . 
  sturgeons argument for indyref 2.0 was that the uk voted out of the eu but a section , scotland , did not vote with a majority leave so they should be able to remain . 
  she pulled a parizeau by accident and effectively also said that if scotland voted out of the uk any section that did not vote to leave by a majority would be able to stay in the uk . 
  if the uk is divisible so is scotland . 
  it 's really as simple as this . 
  now that sturgeon made that official party policy after the leave eu vote won there 's zero doubt or controversy . 
  it 's the same reason there wo n't ever be another quebec referendum . 
  e : just to be clear this has never been official government policy in canada but it 's an unspoken truth everyone even parizeau accepted after he realized what he had done . 
  the bottom 1/3rd of scotland has uk 's nuclear weapons , almost all scottish natural resources and has very , very low support for leaving the uk . 
  you 're naive if you do n't foresee these areas making immediate local ( heavily internationally supported ) moves for independence from scotland and reassociation with the uk . 
  while many doubted this would happen after v1 ( uk promised to act in good faith , referendum of a generation , etc ) this outcome was sealed with the rejection of the leave win by snp as by doing so they 've endorsed and legitimized divisibility based on referendum vote outcomes among different areas . 
  this is almost exactly meech lake all over again . 
  how sturgeon could be so clueless and ill advised is beyond me especially when her legal team already told the party they had zero hope of remaining in the eu without leaving and reentering as a sovereign nation . 
  this will be seen as one of the biggest political blunders in uk modern history just as it was in canada . 
  17,000,000 voted leave . 
  democracy is n't best two out of three, 
   show me any proof https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_independence_referendum,_2014 80 % of area of scotland voted to remain in the uk . 
  let 's assume there 's a similar result next time but 51 % vote to leave the uk . 
  in her own words `` why should those ridings be dragged out of the uk against their will ? '', 
  if she was a student of history she would have known what she just caused . 
  she ruined chances of full scottish independence by giving demands for status quo legitimacy to any area that rejects an independence referendum . 
  scotland is n't in a federation her theory extends even past the riding level , right down to the street or even household in theory . 
  quebec pulled the exact same stunt sturgeon did and then they found out that natives that control 30 % of their land and all of their natural resources did n't want to leave canada . 
  if canada is divisible so is quebec . 
  if the uk is divisible so is scotland . 
  you did n't even read my post . 
  i was talking about indyref 2.0, 
  ~ 10 % decline on friday and ~ 5 % again today so yeah bad is an understatement . 
  german and our exchanges dropped 3x more than the brits and spanish is down 4x more than the brits since brexit . 
  seems everyone is betting the eu is going to fall apart or worse . 
  terms were agreed upon and signed by all parties , it 's not ratified because the eu has n't ratified 51 of the 55 agreements it signed . 
  it 's a failed organization that ca n't do anything but add red tape and delays . 
  born in ukrainian capital my father is french diplomat my mother is chinese-quebecois . 
  i live in paris and work during winters in montreal . 
  i consider myself french . 
  you should n't waste your precious life away going through comment . 
  next time just ask . 
  are you suggesting most french are not honest ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  still much better off than we are . . did you see euro exchanges today ? 
  if the uk is divisible so is scotland , any ridings that reject independence will stay in the uk . 
  she ca n't have it both ways this is how the quebec referendum was neutered permanently she backed herself into this by rejecting the national vote . 
  why would someone in france want to share a country with romanians , bulgarians , croatians , etc ? 
  yugoslavia could n't even work it ended in genocide . 
  euro is doomed and so is the eu just look at our stock exchanges vs the british one . 
  they already won . 
  democracy is n't best two out of three . 
  it 'll be like the canada ( ceta ) deal that was signed two years ago . 
  98 % tariffs removed and no free movement . 
   another referendum democracy is n't best two out of three . 
  this, 
  i liked the old anthem more personally : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u06jlgpmtqs, 
  why ask for sources if you did n't even google ? 
  people are so childish on this website it 's pathetic http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/canadas-largest-pension-funds-eye-post-brexit-bargains/article30609165/, 
  honestly probably one of the euros that watched our exchanges drop ~ 10 % and are about to watch it happen again today . 
  many of my friends are very mad uk seems to get off for free ftse recovered almost fully in afterhours trading and will probably close higher today than it did on thursday . 
  it seems the world is betting the eu will collapse . 
  another half a trillion will be lost from european exchanges today if something does n't change mid day . 
  scary times you can understand our anger . 
  you 're willing to fight for the eu in the streets ? 
  17,000,000 wo n't rise against you but a few million surely will . 
  this was n't a best two out of three vote . 
  both sides made that clear from the beginning . 
  china , america and the commonwealth made it clear they 're going to bend the eu over a table if they do n't give the uk a soft hand . 
  we do n't have a choice german , spain and our exchanges dropped by more than 8 % and are set to drop 10 % once markets open . 
  ftse almost fully recovered in afterhours trading and will probably close at a higher rate than it did on thursday . 
  everyone seems to be betting on eu falling apart or worse . 
  they 'll get buried the same way quebec did after the last referendum . 
  `` if canada is divisible so is quebec . '', 
  if the uk is divisible so is scotland . 
  if scotland can vote to leave the uk then individual ridings that reject the referendum have a right to stay in the uk . 
  meh canadian pension plans just announced plans to invest hundreds of billions in brexit bargains . 
  100 bureaucrats are not even really a drop in the bucket . 
  world has made it more than clear they wo n't tolerate anything but a soft hand to the uk . 
  there was a 500 + post thread with a bot . 
  github says 12,400 downloads so far . 
  could it have been the some 30,000,000 who could n't vote ? 
  i mean surely every single teenager knows what the eu is so they would n't google it once it started trending on twitter . . you 've been crying throughout this whole thread . 
  you 're losing handouts and will need to stand on your own two feet . 
  stop pouting and start preparing . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  the dumpiest places in the uk are better than the best eastern europe has to offer . 
  lots of people in here mad that they are going to lose the handouts . 
  just shows the uk was right all along . 
  goods are cheaper in rural areas . 
  using ppp is ridiculous and you know this . 
  it 's rather brilliant as it 's already destroyed the careers of two labour politicians . 
  if the uk is an iphone 6 lithuania would be a nokia flip phone from 2004 . 
  not comparable whatsoever in my opinion . 
  probably be mad that the politicization of her death helped lead to leave winning . 
  wrong party .
