  it 's enough to prevent the ruskies from dicking around in our airspace . 
  too much . 
  yeah , grab the phone , it 's for you . 
  yeah it 's 2012 . 
  they say they want their memes back . 
  i also heard they smell like garlic and smoke cigarettes , like , * constantly * . 
  yeah allegedly really good movies can get standing ovations when the credits roll . 
  i 'm afraid people are playing down the anti-american feelings in the eu . 
  certain people , given the opportunity , may take it upon themselves to violently make fun of your american son , especially if they remember the presidency of george bush . 
  if you think your son can deal with these possibilities , then he may be suited to brave and survive in the desolate wasteland that is , the european union . 
  and to tip everyone . 
  and to shoot up the school . 
  and to clap in the movie theater . 
  and to be obsessed with his car . 
  but only able to drive automatic . 
  try more subtly . 
  when you come out guns blazing it immediately rings troll warning bells . 
  just say something like `` finally , some measures for combating the aids epidemic . '', 
  i see what you did there . 
  sweet notes regardless . 
  we finally won something !, 
  i honestly hope they get what they wish for . 
  note my flag . 
  yeah the baltic sea is freaking sweet in this . 
  if only ... 
  lithuanians are ... hiv resistant . 
  the hell ? 
   apparently they 're being forced to live like , shudder , eastern europeans . 
  this amuses me . 
  maybe they should take some cues from us . 
  trying to make best of a bad situation , working hard , practicing financial responsibility ( banks and credit cards are seen as somewhat evil or last resort here ) . 
   the policy of deliberately killing a nationality or ethnic group . 
  maybe not directly . 
  the siberian exiles heavily targeted the local intellectuals - business owners , land owners , writes , thinkers , political activists . 
  anyone or anything that could carry on the countries identity . 
  in return we got countless waves of russian migrants . 
  the intent was simple enough , just replace `` killing '' with `` destroying '' in that quote up there . 
  i 'm sorry for jacking the thread with my ramblings , but hopefully this will give readers here an insight on why this whole thing is a big deal for the baltic states . 
   the russians living in latvia are the result of a sustained and thankfully failed campaign to erase latvia , one of the worst kinds of crimes . 
  latvians are justified in trying to reverse that , and frankly they are being very fair about it all , as far as i can see . 
  very very well put . 
  i 'll add the exiling of 40,000 lithuanians to siberia , - a quarter of who were under 15 years old - onto the table . 
  i 'm not familiar if they pulled the same crap in latvia or estonia . 
  she can maintain any nationality she wants . 
  if she lives and operates within latvia , maybe it 's time to pick up some latvian instead of calling for a referendum to have russian made into a second state language . 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm kinda skewed towards my own situation . 
  i suppose if there 's been peaceful co-existence between two populations , there 's nothing wrong with having two state languages . 
  i hope you 're aware of the bloody history between russia and the baltics - in my case lithuania . 
  genocide is not something you can co-exist on . 
  if you spend your life in country x , maybe you should learn the native language ? 
  controversial opinion i know . 
  just an opinion . 
  do n't kill me . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's way worse in africa , so what happened in the baltics is completely meaningless . 
  all is forgiven . 
  look , if i lived in russia , i 'd learn russian . 
  if i wanted to speak lithuanian day to day , i 'd go back to lithuania . 
  good . 
   also , larger panel\u00e1k developments were n't planned only as a residential areas , there were also shops , some services , perhaps cinema or theater . 
  it 's true that these non-residential buildings are terrible , more terrible than any panel\u00e1k you ever saw . 
  but it 's there . 
  in the new development projects , there is nothing . 
  houses and parking lots , nothing else . 
  yeah , it 's so sad here . 
  i live in one of those places , there is nothing but a shop here . 
  my kids are going to grow up in a parking lot . 
   but because of the very fact of old soviet buildings disappearing due to their bad building quality . 
  you know the new buildings in some of the developments are n't better . 
  gypsum and styrofoam walls through which you can hear your neighbors breathe and cheap badly trained labor has made for some crappy buildings in vilnius . 
  i 'd rather live in a soviet panel house . 
  the college of siauliai university . 
  well it 's no mit but you 'll probably do fine there . 
   is it easy to travel outside of lithuania ? 
  i was looking at studying law in a european country and it is so hard to get into the eu if you do n't study there first . 
  i have no idea . 
  especially with a student visa . 
  as far as quick google searches , you can apply for a schengen area visa that will let you travel trough most of europe for 90 days . 
  what college are you going to attend ? 
  and yes if the courses are in english you 're probably off to a good start . 
  nah it 's good . 
  keep asking if you have questions . 
  as i said most 20-somethings have a rudimentary understanding of english and if you play your cards right - who knows . 
  your problem is that siauliai is a bit rural . 
  imagine getting stuck in the middle of the us south knowing no english , just spanish . 
  you can live decently for $ 5000 for 9 months with rent included . 
  we still use the litas , our economy is too crap to do otherwise . 
  honestly you may wan na consider india as i think you 'll find lithuania just immensely boring . 
  hey , lithuanian here , though i live in the capital , vilnius 1 . 
  english is taught as a second language at the moment , however a lot of people sail through high school with only a rudimentary understanding of it . 
  butt of many jokes in vilnius . 
  it might not be very friendly to a foreigner . 
  but i 've never been and i might be completely wrong . 
  it 's sort of like the deep american south . 
  i ca n't answer this one atm , i 'll give this one some google fu . 
  honestly i ca n't see you make more than pennies . 
  think $ 350 a month for a 40hr/week retail job . 
  if you 're lucky . 
  compared to europe yes .
