2012 called , they want their epic meme back , noteventrying . 
  hopefully one day they will tear kaunas down and build a proper gas station . 
  no , i 'm being quite literal . 
  in the soviet era , gay people did n't exist . 
  nobody knew any . 
  they were just these mythical things that died from aids in america or something . 
  gay men were just mentally ill deviants/perverts , at best . 
  gay women were just confused and needed a proper man . 
  yes i 'm sure someone will chime in with actual historical examples of commie homos , but that 's my anecdotal experience . 
  our current constitution was ratified in 1992 , a time when only denmark had `` registered partnerships '' whatever that is . 
  and as mentioned earlier it just defines marriage as a willing relationship between a man and a woman . 
  anyway yeah it 's sad and annoying , but i want to point out that there 's little ill will in the matter . 
  it 's a cultural problem . 
  if you ask someone on the street if gay people should get married , they 'll probably tell you `` no '' . 
  if you ask them why , they 'll stutter and struggle . 
  some do n't even manage to grasp the concept of being gay . 
  the country is n't that religious . 
  especially the younger population . 
  if anything , this issue just reflects the immaturity of our country , as a true western nation , and one of a slew of cultural and political problems that we managed to inherit from the soviet union . 
   to actully * go out of your way * to do this is such a petty , nasty thing to do . 
  even if i was homophobic , i would n't care * that * much . 
  it 's like ... get a life already . 
  calm yourself . 
  a lot of these cases ( lithuania for example ) just have marriage defined as a bond between a man and a woman , in the constitution . 
  there 's no `` fuck gay people '' article defined . 
  homos getting married was n't a thing 20 years ago . 
  a non issue . 
  it 's just inertia . 
  we still manage to carry a lot of soviet thinking as baggage . 
  especially in the older generation , which are the most active voters . 
  touching the matter now would be political suicide , over a relative non-issue . 
  it will take a good 20 or 30 years for all the older people to die out and to westernise properly . 
  by then , this will be an actual non-issue . 
  hopefully . 
  this is funny now . 
  i 've had two replies to this post and they both mysteriously disappeared . 
  here 's a reply i wrote for one of them :  if there are american soldiers in your country , you ca n't invade without killing americans . 
  oh i doubt these americans , heroic though they may be , will throw themselves at the columns of t80 's and bmp 's flooding in from belarus , the kaliningrad oblast , and russia itself in case of latvia and estonia . 
  we do have american pilots and support staff placed here to maintain fighter jet ( all 8 of them . 
  not that more is needed ) patrols over our airspace . 
  the russians are n't dumb , they 'll act accordingly . 
  they have n't spilled much blood in the crimea , for the record . 
  but suppose russia rolls in overnight , will nato step in to clean up the mess ? 
  are the americans , french , germans willing to start wwiii for the baltics ? 
  or will it be more like a sternly worded letter . 
  yeah we 'll see how the league of nations responds when russia calls their bluff . 
  dear us . 
  please send more troops . 
  love , the baltic states . 
  i never realised this , but `` kal\u0117d\u0173 senelis '' really does translate into `` christmas grandfather '' . 
  now i 'm imagining a frail elderly man bringing everyone ~ ~ pensions ~ ~ gifts . 
  try europa universalis iv it 's better in the accessibility aspect . 
  also it 's not the 90 's anymore . 
  freaking , go on youtube . 
  have some asshole explain the game to you like you 're some sort of idiot . 
  screw that , go play hearts of iron 3 or europa universalis iii instead . 
  oh wow a russian chimes in about the dangers of separatism . 
  color me surprised . 
  so , do you still have red flags hanging in your room ? 
  i mean the baltics know what 's up . 
  we still love iceland for being so cool , as an example - first to recognize lithuanian independence . 
  ] ( http://sajanas.lt/resources/zirga-galva.jpg ) which is `` horse head '' in coarsely translated english . 
  when i was a little shit and on a class tour in latvia i 'd constantly say \u017dirga galva to passing by latvians like i was so smart . 
  thanks for filling in the gaps , i have no clue what any of those things are called in english . 
   and if that does n't help , there 's always something like `` juodos avys '' ( literally `` black sheep '' - it 's a special lithuanian language specialized spell checking dictionary/addon for office ) most formal communication that i do in lithuanian goes through a round in microsoft office for this reason . 
  god bless . 
   k\u0105 girdi , t\u0105 ir ra\u0161ai ir atvirk\u0161\u010diai  what you hear is what you write and vice versa . 
  -- are you drunk by chance ? 
  in no way shape or form is lithuanian `` what you hear is what you write '' . 
  all that crap with ?? 
  and ?? . 
  then there 's the fun buisness of ?? . 
  it 's all fun and games until you need to whip out a table of rules in order to write out an otherwise simple word correctly . 
  as far as pitch accents go , i have never encountered them in in real life . 
  i dunno , maybe i 'm retarded , but lithuanian has been problematic for my whole life . 
  i realise that our language is unique and then there 's the whole patriotism deal . 
  but none of that matters because i hate it . 
  even if i 'm demonstrably wrong . 
   i am also attracted by the sound of lithuanian . 
  it may sound nice but it 's madness to write . 
  screw lithuanian . 
  i hope it goes extinct due to globalization . 
  well , i 'm from lithuania , so i want latvia and estonia . 
  we would then form the baltic state, 
  i need to start including sarcasm tags in my comments . 
  the joke was about burning down bnp headquarters . 
  they 're racists so it 's okay . 
  leave it to a swedish person to miss sarcasm , what a surprise . 
  so to clarify , the whole micro and macro evolution thing is an argument used by creationist hacks to debunk evolution by arguing that species do n't differentiate , just sort of change traits . 
  it 's just more of their usual intellectual fraud . 
  mrsa would be just more proof for their micro-evolution lies . 
  i was doing a thing , bro . 
  that 's micro evolution , not macro evolution . 
  do you even science bro ? 
  hey hey hey . 
  we 've got the smallest % of russians here . 
  how about estonia ? 
  finally get rid of that pesky upstart and his nordic-wannabe crap . 
  give yourself a bit more credit man . 
  dutch f16 's spent quite a bit of time patrolling lithuanian airspace .
