diner a cons ? 
  hmm, 
  er yes i just picked one placest random of the many, 
  colcannon is mana from the gods, 
  someone loves us yay !, 
  we 're not all sunburned lads on tour !, 
  yeah i know we 're shit but french and spanish is a bit easier for us, 
  shut down all the coal mines and generally fucked over entire communities, 
  go home dad, 
  why a troll ? 
  someone out there does for sure . 
  but that person is getting swamped by all the bullshit on both sides . 
  ... we 're cool ? 
  awight !, 
  not at all . 
  nordic folks however ... you folks are legit cool ( in both sense of the world ) . 
  nothing will make you feel insecure as being 5ft 8 '' and being in iceland or denmark, 
  theyre like those vile sausages in batter on a stick right ? 
  nothing screams irish to me like one of those haha !, 
  the cotswolds ?? 
  huh, 
  colin pitchfork sounds just like a matt berry character, 
  / r/casualuk is so fucking matey matey though i feel left out . 
  maybe its just me, 
  / r/uk is just such an embarrassing echo chamber . 
  and this is from someone who generally agrees with what is being said in there . 
  lithuanatics ? 
  lithuaniacs ? 
  ill give up, 
  purple tin warrior located !, 
  when i went to oktoberfest someone told me that they brew the beer for it with no preservatives - as it will get drunk so quickly - is that true ? 
  it may have just been a placebo effect but i swear the paulaner i had there was the best tasting beer ive ever drunk, 
  birra moretti or peroni - thank you italy !, 
  just googled it ... wtf ? 
  here she is on 99 % invisible podcast !, 
  fuck me-you win . 
  what the fuck is that . 
  lovely space downstairs though right ? 
  not quite the same but we have [ this phenomenon here in london ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/jan/31/inside-london-billionaires-row-derelict-mansions-hampstead ) . 
  loads of rich arabs/russians/whatever buying up huge properties and letting them go derelict . 
  could be used to house homeless etc but theyre barred from going in . 
  3 english oppression ? 
  how can one country produce father ted and mrs browns boys . 
  then i remember that we shat out the steaming fudge dragon that is miranda, 
  i have to say all the german folks making jokes about ( the lack of ) german humour is making me laugh out loud - funny bunch of fuckers you lot, 
  fucking brilliant ... hat tipped, 
  stalin and hitler wiped out millions, 
  until he causes the deaths of tens of millions then yeah ... its a fucking insult ( as much as i loathe trump ), 
  go to wales . 
  say thatcher was the best thing to ever happen to them - go on dare you, 
  my sister moved to hamburg last year ... turns out german is reeeeeallly hard ;-), 
  france for me has some fucking ace techno/electro to add to your list - * miss kittin * vitalic * laurent garnier * sebastian * cassius, 
  yeah something doesnt add up here !, 
  who loves ya baby !, 
  ( please dont leave us ), 
  so you 're south europe 's britain eh ? 
  no one likes us either ... 
  just dont mention how good your beef is though right ? 
  see also : chile, 
  nice try buddy, 
  :-( its not over yet bebe shh, 
  le pen getting in would represent the tragic continuation of the right of the right - see brexit , trump etc, 
  or `` la la i cant hear yooooo '', 
  i too am drunk . 
  happy days !, 
  no i mean that you were being funny !, 
  i think i may have worded it confusingly, 
  oh god it 's so depressing . 
  maybe we can start recruiting foreign players like we do with rugby and cricket, 
  bet her crotch smelled delightful, 
  you 're a lesser spotted funny german !, 
  rekt, 
  i do n't like your tone mister, 
  love your basements too eh, 
  well you know you had that wee hiccup last century . 
  you 're all right with us now just please stop beating us at football, 
  we 're europes retarded yet somehow arrogant cousin, 
  tartiflette some sort of decent sausage ... fucking hell so good, 
  what in the fuck is that first thing ? 
  scotland want a word son, 
  is eu-bro-peans on purpose . 
  i like it, 
  oh god this is depressing all we need now is for le pen to win the french election, 
  you 're our hat , keeping the cold out ;-), 
  aw fuck i knew i would n't be able to frame this correctly sorry let me have one more run so those areas u mention - healthcare , gun control etc - the laws as they exist are basically `` republican '' laws - ie guns for all and free healthcare for the few . 
  i know that democrats ( generally ) oppose this but this is how the law stands which is different to us in europe - republicans having blocked as much as possible during obamas reign does that make sense ? 
  to our/my values it seems buckaneering , cold , heartless etc which is totally not how i perceive us folks i have met r befriended . 
  again sorryfor any offence i like you i really do !, 
  first of all thanks for this you 're a good gadgie . 
  fill me in ( i 'm hoping ) means something different over there !, 
  so $ 30 for 2 matches sounds unbelievable value . 
  i would love to go to croke park but again i 'm aware of the history and have no idea if i 'd be unwelcome or not - it 's the 100 yr centennial and all that . 
  i 'm not a bleeding heart liberal but it 's still a shock when you get to your late 20s and learn what a shit your predecessors have been anyways this sounds fucking ace - i love the fact that there 's no transfers , it 's amateur etc !, 
  cheers pal - if u ever need any info or owt about london hit me up !, 
  ( or a pint if that 's not too weird ), 
  as a ryanair flight is about as cheap as my train to work these days i 'm sorely tempted !, 
  i literally know zero rules and also i 'm a sheepish english dude will i get shit ? 
  i know that 's pathetic sounding reckon i could see some hurling and gaa on the same weekend ? 
  i just love seeing sports i do n't know tbh !, 
  most pointless bot,
