  :-) it 's actually 4x20 +10 which many ( non-french ) europeans will agree is a ridiculous way of calling a number . 
  your belgian/walloon neighbors went for nonante and they deserve some congratulations for that . 
  oh , yes they can . 
  mcv is useful for this but no magic solution . 
  there are a lot of bad measures that can be taken before the safeguards-for the eu/threats-for romania would be under discussion . 
  because many of the high , middle and low ranking members of the party either have problems with the justice system , or the anti-corruption drive seriously endangers their corrupt sources of income ( like getting a bribe from public contracts ) . 
  indeed , they will definitely attack it/try to weaken it . 
  they wo n't probably manage to destroy it but they can substantially weaken it/make it inoffensive . 
  eu support and attention on this will be very important . 
  in all those southern counties , many voters ( 5-10 % ) are paid for and are driven to vote by the social democrats ( psd ) activists . 
  this is illegal but is clearly done . 
  there are now 9 voters in north korea . 
  the opinion piece was written by denis macshane , a british former labour party politician who was convicted of false accounting by falsifying parliamentary expense claims and was most likely ordered/paid for by the psd . 
  the article makes it more sensational that it is . 
  part of the eu aid to ukraine ( and to many other countries ) comes in the form of budget support , meaning that you transfer some money to their budget , for example to help them raise salaries for judges and thus ( somehow ) reduce the likelihood of corruption , or , in the case of ukraine , you help them cover the huge deficit caused by the war in their east and the loss of crimea . 
  obviously that in those cases the eu money gets mixed with ukrainian money and you ca n't follow where exactly your money went . 
  that does n't mean that there are n't a lot of debates about the value of using this sort of support as oppose to project based ones or other . 
  but this is a technical discussion , which this article barely touches . 
  it obviously also does n't mean that we should be more careful about how we spend eu money and have credible and efficient control mechanisms . 
  the union of transylvania with romania was supported by a clear majority of the people of transylvania , the second vienna award was a decision imposed by the totalitarian powers of that time , during wwii . 
  the two decisions do n't have the same legitimacy . 
  i see , but where are you heading in this way , with nationalists trying to outdo other nationalists ? 
  hungarian diplomats participated at similar events in the past 20 years , our diplomats participate in your national day celebrations . 
  they also participate at the national holiday celebrations of ukraine , though we lost romanian populated land to them . 
  that is the normal , european , diplomatic thing to do . 
  thank you very much !, 
  disappointing though to see that hungary 's government decided to ban the presence of hungarian diplomats at the receptions organized by romania today . 
  `` a pilot at lufthansa earns on average 180,000 euros ( $ 190,000 ) a year before tax , though a captain on the highest pay level can earn as much as 22,000 euros a month before tax . '', 
  yet they strike for a pay increase of 3.7 percent while the company wants to offer only 2.5 percent . 
  what a joke . 
  really makes me lose respect for lufthansa pilots . 
  they also strike so often that i do n't see how the brand image is not affected . 
  happy independence day latvia !, 
  that 's how we 're going to get them in the eu . 
  attracting them with maps !, 
  crappy people who did this . 
  i know about renzi 's precarious position but i 'm not sure picking on other countries or the european institutions , as he does on an almost weekly basis , is that useful . 
  this does n't excuse the crappy answer of the hungarians of course . 
  most european countries could develop nuclear weapons if they wanted to . 
  i am no fan of erdogan , very much to the contrary , but only in the last month i 've seen by chance three gatherings/protests of kurds in brussels , each of them with tens of flags carrying the portrait of abdullah \u00d6calan . 
  now i know things are not simple nor black and white even if pkk is considered a terrorist organization by the eu , but the fact remains that it is listed as a terrorist organization and proper action should be taken . 
  i am not that convinced that belgium does that , given that it was incapable to properly deal with much more dangerous ( for itself and its neighbors ) terrorist organizations . 
  again , i am not saying this in support of erdogan or against the kurds , i have no dog in that fight . 
  all i say is that i see a lot of activity by kurds in brussels ( somehow understandable given what is happening in se turkey ) and \u00d6calan 's face being freely displayed around the city . 
  thus i am not surprised that an increasingly nationalistic erdogan is annoyed by that . 
  quite depressing to see this sort of rhetoric , from both sides . 
  i mean really , did these two countries just start having diplomatic relations ? 
  act like fucking adults ( = responsible politicians ) and stop throwing words at each other . 
  you might not believe it but sometimes it happens . 
  :-) seriously now , i know you guys always complain about the quality of their roads but believe me , it can be much worse than belgium . 
  that 's a road and it looks good . 
  in belgium , where i live , they would have needed some 3 weeks to repair it . 
  in romania , some 3 months . 
  while the castle in the bargau/borgo/tihuta pass has no connection to vlad the impaler neither does the bran castle . 
  there is absolutely no proof that vlad the impaler ever staid at bran castle , a castle which was not situated in the state he ruled and which he never controlled . 
  there is also no proof that bram stoker used any other element connected to vlad the impaler than his nickname , dracula . 
  more info here http://io9.gizmodo.com/no-bram-stoker-did-not-model-dracula-on-vlad-the-impal-1648969679 at the same time , in the novel dracula , the castle of the count is clearly situated in the bargau/borgo/tihuta pass and not in the rucar-bran pass , where the bran castle is situated . 
  in romanian we call them john hunyadi , the father : ioan or iancu de hunedoara ( hunedoara being the romanian equivalent of hunyad ) matthias corvinus , the son : matia or matei corvin, 
  i agree :-), 
  i present you the [ moldavian autonomous soviet socialist republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moldavian_autonomous_soviet_socialist_republic ) , created by stalin outside ( ! ), 
  the territory of moldavia , on the territory of the ukrainian soviet socialist republic , obviously with the aim to bolster its claim to bessarabia ( eastern moldavia ) , which was part of romania at that time . 
  that is an impressive list , congrats . 
  some small correction and addition . 
   the second balkan war ... northern dobruja to romania romania gained northern dobruja at the end of the 1877-1878 war with the ottomans . 
  romanians also fought in that war , on the side of the russians . 
  for example prince carol i of romania commanded the combined ( romanian-russian ) armed forces to the [ conquest of plevna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_plevna ) . 
  in romania , the war is know as the [ war of independence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_war_of_independence ) at the end of the second balkan war ( 1912 ) we gained [ southern dobruja ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southern_dobruja ) , which we ceded back to bulgaria in 1940 . 
   they joined nato too , probably some years before this since the requirements are n't as difficult . 
  correct , the year is 2004 . 
  also smaller forces of ( romanian ) moldavians and wallachians . 
  [ alexander the good ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_i_of_moldavia ) , ruler of moldavia and a vassal of w\u0142adys\u0142aw ii jagie\u0142\u0142o , commanded the moldavian expeditionary corps . 
  and no , we do n't put billboards about it and do n't claim it as a ` romanian victory ' . 
  not claiming that they directly inspire each other on this but , since the discussion went that way , [ here is an example ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/erdogan-meets-abbas-with-military-dress-show.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=76853&amp;newscatid=510 ) with erdogan flanked by actors dressed in the military costumes of 16 states founded throughout history by turkic people , because it seems that for him turk and turkic are the same thing . 
   blamed for many things today can you please elaborate on this ? 
  what is he/they blamed for ? 
  i am asking because from outside of poland , one would think that being the only eu country to not go into recession during the economic crisis was quite an achievement . 
  now i know that reality was more complicated than that and i read that they ( po ) were at times arrogant but i still do n't understand/know how come they lost so much support and are so hated , so i would appreciate if you could elaborate on that . 
  thank you . 
  close to that , i saw the malbork castle and they had a similar '' toilet '' there . 
  those teutons were serious about disposing of their shit . 
   not sure how solid this theory is though , i imagine not very . 
  there is no shred of evidence for this ` theory ' , just the imagination of some people . 
  their main promoter , napoleon savescu , is a doctor ... in medicine . 
  their ideas/theories are clearly rejected and dismissed by the historian community but unfortunately they are quite active on the internet and manage to convince poorly educated people looking for even grander origins/history . 
  the wild 1990s https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mineriad, 
  the information about these turbines possible delivery to crimea existed long before the turbines were delivered to russia . 
  the issue was clear , siemens chose to proceed because money . 
  there was no duping , siemens knew where these turbines would be installed , they just do n't care about that , they care about the money . 
  or see this bit from this recently published report of a polish think-tank `` the three seas concept , promoted by poland , is met in the remaining visegrad countries with distance and a lack of understanding . 
  warsaw stresses that the main aim of the initiative is better cooperation in the development of infrastructure , transport and digitalization , as they are not at a satisfactory level in the region . 
  however , in the other visegrad countries and also in other eu states the project is perceived as politically motivated , aiming to create a counterbalance to western europe , especially germany . 
  this view is reinforced by donald trump 's appearance at the heads of states summit in poland in july . 
  developing such regional forms of cooperation , even if only loose and not institutionalized , is considered to be harmful for european unity . 
  the czech republic and slovakia , in particular , assess it negatively . 
  furthermore , the unpredictability of the american president 's actions and comments raise fears that one can expect a similar situation to when donald rumsfeld , the former us secretary of defense , said that there is an `` old '' and a `` new '' europe . 
  in slovakia and in the czech republic , as well as in pro-eu expert circles in poland , there are worries that this division into new and old europe will make a comeback . '', 
  thanks for the links , i knew about the first two projects , but not about the atlantic council & pwc report . 
  if it would be only that , then maybe fine ( as you guys already have the v4 for coordination ) , but i 'm afraid there might be a larger game being played . 
  see these bits from a politico story linked below . 
  i think the `` former senior official from another three seas member state '' being quoted is representative for the kind of skepticism/worries the current polish leadership creates in some parts of our the region ( though i 'm not sure about the `` are welcoming of refugees '' part ) .
