  i do n't get it . 
  not really , there might be some of those but the biggest part of it is actually owned by foreigners and foreign companies . 
  i partially agree but i doubt that basescu will become a ` moldovan politician ' . 
  in any case , he would n't be able to run at the next presidential elections in the country . 
  he is now a marginal politicians in romania and will probably become and even more marginal voice in moldova as well . 
  he had long ago planned to become citizen of moldova . 
  he was also offered citizenship months before the elections . 
  he did n't get citizenship in order to vote . 
  his one vote is in any case negligible . 
  it is indeed stupid . 
  i heard from many sources that romanians are indeed more integrated in italy than they used to be 10 years ago . 
  then , what does terrorism have to do with the romanians living in italy ? 
  if there are fears about terrorism does that mean fewer romanians would commit crimes ? 
  as if the italian police would just chose targets according to who the population fears . 
  thanks . 
  indeed , being frozen or not should matter though i am not sure about the whole economic picture ( what are the losses etc. . as winter time on the black sea is also crappy/stormy/rarely it can be partially frozen close to shore - and i imagine this too leads to losses ) . 
  on population , afaik , now there are around 40 mil people in kiev-controlled ukraine and i think around 38 in poland . 
  i agree with what you say but i do n't understand why you think having ports at the black sea is better than having them at the baltic . 
  just curious , as the black sea area is poorer than the baltic one . 
  indeed , i was referring only to the income tax , the one mentioned in the comment i was referring to . 
  good for business . 
  in romania it 's 0 ( zero ) . 
  that 's the thing , the pro-european parties have been in power since 2009 . 
  even under normal conditions , they would have lost support over these years . 
  the fact that they did n't manage to push enough reforms , significantly raise the standard of living and more , many of them just captured parts of the state and got involved in corrupt practices , made the population move their support to the other parties , most of them pro-russian . 
  as the governing alliance was called alliance for european integration , in people 's minds the corruption got attached to the european integration/eu itself . 
  i am simplifying a lot but the thinking goes `` if european integration means that politicians can rob us , than better to go with russia . '', 
  the impact of russian media , which is still very influential and since the start of the ukraine crisis has started to depict the eu ( and the west generally ) in even more negative and distorted ways , also helped to reduce eu 's attraction . 
  reading opinion polls done in moldova makes for some depressing reading . 
  people trust putin more than obama or merkel ( support for putin is somewhere around 80 % , support for their own moldovan president around 2 % ) , they trust russian tv more than moldovan , romanian or ` european ' tv , more of them want to join the eurasian economic union than the eu , more of them regret the collapse of the ussr than not and more of them would be in favour of the re-establishment of the ussr than not . 
  that 's what an old population ( many young and middle age people are working outside the country ) , poverty ( moldova is the poorest country in europe , poorer than albania !, 
  ) , lack of education and proper information , lack of a clear national identity , corrupt ` pro-european ' politicians and a lot of negative russian propaganda gets you . 
  it 's quite sad to see people vote against their own interests and not even realizing it . 
  the ones that realize what 's happening will be even more motivated to leave the country , thus reinforcing moldova 's predicament . 
  the first are some good reasons but some of this is not correct . 
   forced russification of the population : in the 90s you 'd only have access to russian tv channel and maybe 1 romanian one and shitty state moldovan one which noone watches . 
  same with music and magazines . 
  moldova is less russified now than it was in 1990 . 
  moldovan channels are the most watched tv channels ; russian channels are watched as well , romanian ones much less so . 
  it is true that the moldovan 's view on the world is influenced much more by russian tv channels ( media in general ) than by romanian ones . 
  hello to you too !, 
  when i wrote my comment , the only other comments written by dutch people were quite ignorant , thus my comment . 
  because it 's silly . 
  the eu has many association agreements signed with other countries , and had accession treaties signed with others . 
  the difference between the two is very clear for anybody curious to have a look at them . 
  the dutch government participated at these negotiations and signed the agreement in its current form . 
  both chambers of the dutch parliament had also agreed to the signature and ratification of the agreement in its current form and the agreement is being provisionally implemented for months now . 
  you ca n't expert all the other 27 governments of eu countries and ukraine to change their positions because a minority of the dutch electorate , not having much idea about the agreement , decided to give a protest vote in a non-binding referendum . 
  but before any interpretative clauses are added to the agreement , the netherlands has to agree on a position . 
  we are not there yet , the dutch parties are still squabbling on this . 
  because it 's obviously not an accession treaty . 
  you prime-minister did n't manage to get support in your parliament for what he wants . 
  i wonder if the dutch commenting here know that this is not an accession treaty to the eu , that ukraine is not even considered a ` potential candidate country ' by the eu so obviously it has not negotiated accession to the eu and that the treaty would not have allowed the ukrainians freedom of work in the eu . 
  you are entitled to your opinion but not to your facts . 
  oh , that 's very nice of you !, 
  noted !, 
  haha , i am confident they will . 
  and thanks !, 
  greetings from across the pond !, 
  well , i never wrote anything against ttip ( or ceta or tpp for that matter ) so no hypocrisy from my part . 
  but yes , i agree that many people here are against ttip . 
  i put it largely on their ( younger ) age and ideological preferences . 
  it also looks like spam to me , i would n't read too much into it . 
  i have n't but i would be curious to try it . 
  so send your maple syrup , but if possible at lower prices . 
   maple syrup maple syrup is great . 
  sure , it 's very sweet but so good . 
  i think ttip will be very good news if we 'll manage to arrive at a good compromise . 
  i am not pro-ceta and anti-ttip , i am pro-both . 
  obviously , i has to be a good agreement for us in order to get my full support , and the negotiations are far from being finished . 
  trading with our partners largely helps our economies so if we can trade in better conditions , i 'm all for it . 
  good news !, 
  most of our jokes are about ourselves ( i.e. 
  about people from different regions of romania ) . 
  even the jokes about hungarians are rather about the hungarians of romania ( transylvania ) , less about the ones from hungary . 
  so i have some doubts about the value of the map for romania . 
   burma or myanmar i understand . 
  some of the issues are found in other languages . 
  about your examples . 
  burma/myanmar - it 's a bit complicated http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/magazine/7013943.stm https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/nov/19/burma-myanmar-obama-name-visit ukraine it should definitely be ukraine , without the ` the ' . 
  chinese cities we also used to have the peking/beijing issue in romanian ( and probably in many other languages ) but we seem to have settled for the more modern names ( i.e. 
  peking is antiquated . 
  yes , that 's because the name entered into english from french , where it 's roumanie . 
  the ` u ' is still there in some languages in order to make the differentiation between romanians and romans ( the ancient ones and the current inhabitants of rome ) . 
  we prefer the versions with ` o ' . 
  :-) indeed , in english the name is quite striking . 
  in romanian he is known as vlad \u021aepe\u0219 ( vlad the impaler ) but the romanian name \u021aepe\u0219 has a ( slightly ) less threatening ring than the english ` the impaler ' . 
  the fact that he was the iiird ( vlad ) is a dynastic detail , it is not really used beyond dictionaries , encyclopedias and the like . 
  fyi , since we talk about cool names , his father was vlad dracul i.e. 
  vlad the dragon nowadays ` drac ' means ` devil ' but back then it was also used for ` dragon ' . 
  in english , ` rumania ' got changed to ` romania ' more than 50 years ago and i still sometimes see it written ` rumania ' , so really , like other people here say , give it a lot more time . 
  i think polish is the reason . 
  :-) other languages are less fond of all those extra consonants . 
  that would be lovely , but unfortunately , romania also has the highest pre-obesity ( overweight ) rate in the eu . 
  so i would n't call us all thin neither . 
  well , the russians are not exactly known for the efficiency of their engines or care for the environment . 
  take any sort of news about how the eu institutions will change their working languages with a lot of salt . 
  truth is , in many teams in the european institutions , the working language depends on what the boss prefers ( and what is practical ) . 
  for the wast majority of them is english , but there are also teams ( i.e. 
  units , divisions ) ( with generally french , italian or spanish bosses ) , who chose to conduct business in french .
