  and , by the way , you 're the man , fran\u00e7ois ! '', 
  '' ... adding that ukraine was also not doing what it needed to do to ensure peace . '', 
  yes , they forgot to tell putin to please annex more of their country . 
  `` i am convinced that the economic sanctions are totally ineffective '' if i am convinced , it must be so , reality will bend to my perceptions . 
  `` i do not want ( u.s. president donald ) trump to talk with russia at our expense . 
  it would be damaging for europe if trump went above our heads , which is not inconceivable . '', 
  yes , let 's now do a contest who kisses putin 's ass faster and with more passion . 
  what a sad tool . 
  video of young orban : `` my name is viktor orban ... i am a soros scholarship student . '', 
  during the 1980s , by exporting pretty much everything that could be exported , which visibly decreased the quality of life of romanians , communist dictator ceausescu managed to pay all the country 's external debt so in 1990 , romania had virtually no foreign debt . 
  some debt has been taken since then but the starting point was the lowest of any other european nation , as far as i know . 
  those *, 
  autonomy does n't refer only at the procedure of nominating the ruler . 
  the romanian principalities had different laws than the ( rest of the ) ottoman empire , the ottomans could have have colonized turks in other parts of the empire but they could n't do that in the two romanian principalities . 
  they also could n't build mosque and so forth . 
   the principality of moldova from 1711 to 1821 ( bessarabia was taken in 1811 btw . 
  was under phanariot rule . 
  yes , sure , but i do n't think that contradicts my statement . 
  the two romanian principalities , one of which was moldavia , were not fully included in the ottoman state administration , they were not eyalets/pashaliks and thus had a degree of autonomy . 
  it was less autonomy than before 1711 but it was more than most parts of the ottoman empire had . 
  you were right , thanks for flagging it . 
   the eastern region of romania , in moldova i was referring to the eastern region of romania , called moldova , not to the independent republic of moldova . 
  i made it clearer now . 
  there is no alarm . 
  dodon is an idiot and we all understand that . 
  i would like to provide some background for the less historically informed . 
  in 1812 the principality of moldavia ( moldova in romanian ) was split in two , with russia taking the eastern half and naming it bessarabia . 
  at that time the principality of moldavia was under ottoman surezainty , with a degree of autonomy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bessarabia this russian grab was a gesture of pure imperialist expansion as the wast majority of the population was romanian speaking ; there was no russian minority to defend , but russia later moved in/colonized many russians , ukrainians as well as other people , now mostly russian speaking . 
  the eastern half of moldavia ( bessarabia ) was n't at any time in its history the political or economic core of moldavia ; that one lay on its western half , in what is the eastern romanian region of moldova . 
  all the ancient capitals ( baia , suceava , iasi ) of the principality of moldavia are in romania , almost all the tombs of its former rulers are in romania . 
  most of its most famous monasteries are in romania . 
  almost all of the most famous writers coming from the region are from its western part , which is in romania , where they were free to think , write and publish in romanian . 
  from many points of view , the eastern half of moldavia was its backwater . 
  when russia took bessarabia ( 1812 ) , the moldovan state continued to exist in its western half and in 1859 united with wallachia to form the modern romanian state . 
  in 1918 , at the end of world war i , bessarabia joined romania , until 1940 , when as a result of the hitler-stalin/molotov -- ribbentrop pact , the soviet union occupied bessarabia again . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact this soviet occupation was the main reason romania entered the war in 1941 on the side of nazi germany , to recuperate this lost region . 
  romania lost the war so the soviet union took bessarabia back in 1944 and kept it until it collapsed in 1991 ; then bessarabia ( moldavian soviet socialist republic ) became independent under the name republic of moldova . 
  all moldovans from the western half of the old principality , its political and economic core , identify as romanians , with moldovan being a regional identity . 
  as a result of all the period spent in various russian states ( which add to 154 years of the last 205 years - between 1812-2017 ) and of the active policy of russia to create and promote a separate , ethnic and national moldovan identity , many moldovans from bessarabia/republic of moldova have not joined/do not share the romanian national identity . 
  most of the intellectual elite ( teachers , academics , artists etc. ), 
  identifies as romanian . 
  at the same time , a visible part of the population of the republic of moldova ( 15-20 % ) supports the union of their country with romania . 
  there is no separate moldovan language . 
  standard moldovan is the same as standard romanian . 
  there are some differences in the spoken language , with some moldovans from the republic of moldova sometimes using russian or regional words ( many also used in romanian moldova ) . 
  now we see that mr putin tries to use history to push for some weird form of moldovan nationalism , one that indirectly makes a claim for all the old territories of the principality of moldova . 
  this is beyond ridiculous . 
  nobody rejects the fact that moldavia had a bigger territory but it is certainly not the current rump republic of moldova who can make a claim at that territory ; nobody should make a claim at any territory . 
  like i said , the moldovan state in 1859 decided to unite with wallachia and form another state , romania . 
  so from a legal point of view , the successor state of the principality of moldavia is romania ; through various multilateral and bilateral treaties , romania has renounced all claims to the former territories of moldavia which are not in romania ( the republic of moldova , northern bukovina , the hertza region , southern bessarabia/budjak ) . 
  the less fortunate half of moldavia ( roughly today 's republic of moldova ) was at that time ( 1859 ) a russian province with no international legal personality . 
  moreover , there are much more moldovans ( more than 4 million ) , who identify ethnically/nationally as romanians , living in the eastern region of romania , called moldova , than moldovans who live in the republic of moldova ( a bit more than 2 million ) . 
  very sad . 
  i really enjoyed watching his show and had the privilege to listen to one of his lectures when i was a student . 
  do n't mind me asking , but how do you know they are romanian ? 
  there are no state legal personality issues regarding ancient macedonia that i know off . 
  in their case it 's more about historical heritage i.e. 
  the attempt of the ( some ) macedonians to claim the heritage of the ancient ( greek ) macedonians . 
  the current republic of moldova can of course claim the heritage of the old principality of moldova given that it was it 's eastern half but it can not claim exclusive heritage given that all the capitals were in the western half ( in what is now romania ) and certainly can not claim to be a succession from a legal point of view . 
  very small olives . 
   they are dancing not walking . 
  that must make it so much warmer . 
  :-) kiddin ' aside , while we do n't have the dance thing , we do have the same tradition that involves a priest throwing a cross in the water and guys jumping to get it back . 
  i agree with your main point but here is a comment about moldova . 
  moldova/moldavia did invade poland but this should n't be ascribed to the current republic of moldova . 
  the current republic of moldova is not the legal successor of the principality of moldavia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moldavia in 1859 , the principality of moldavia united with wallachia to form the modern romanian state , thus the legal successor of that principality is romania . 
  at that time , what is now the republic of moldova was an oblast in the russian empire . 
  the russians had annexed the eastern half of the principality of moldavia in 1812 but the western half had retained its legal personality . 
  to which of the invasions of polish territory by moldova are you referring to ? 
  because there were several , some long before russia got near us . 
  latvia , you 've been a soviet republic , moldova has also been a soviet republic . 
  why do n't you show your fellow mates ? 
  ( if you would have added it to romania i would have forgiven you :-p ), 
   accepted her by `` accepted her '' i meant that there would n't be people protesting in the streets against her . 
  i 'm sure many romanians do n't like that they have a german & protestant as a president or that they had ethnic hungarians ( reformed or catholic ) as ministers , but that does n't mean that they would feel so strong about it that they would go to streets against it . 
  protesting against somebody 's ethnicity or religion is dumb and even nationalists know that . 
  they certainly did n't go into the streets when ms shhaideh herself was a minister or when the palestinian muslim raed arafat was minister of health . 
  professionally , there was n't much criticism of her . 
  she was a bureaucrat for many years and apparently a hard working one . 
  from a political cultural point of view , having a female and muslim as a pm would have been a step forward , no doubt about that . 
  the issue is her husband . 
  i think romanians would have accepted her but the moment you start bringing ( through her husband ) stuff like assad and hezbollah into the picture , most romanians would say ` forget about it , we do n't need to get into that shit ' . 
  now it appears that one of the brothers of her husband is even banned from entering in the eu . 
  normally , these things would have been known if she was a visible public figure , but she was n't , or it would have appeared earlier if the social democrats/their leader dragnea would have announced their choice for pm before the elections but of course , if he would have done that , he would n't have chosen her . 
   guardian , independent , nytimes , you say something somehow valid and then completely disqualify yourself by calling the guardian or the new york times `` left leaning rags '' . 
  in times of great security tensions , most of them related to the muslim world , it was completely normal for the media to emphasize these positive aspects of this nomination ( the fact that it was a woman , and somebody from an ethnic and religious minority ) . 
  `` website hotnews cited unnamed sources as saying that the security services had `` strongly cautioned '' against shhaideh 's nomination because of the closeness to the assad regime of her husband and his two brothers . '', 
  indeed , very surprising number , much higher than in most opinion polls . 
   the decimation of our intellectual elites to the brutality of ceausescu 's last years just to add that it was n't just the elites who got to suffer . 
  between 1949 -- 1962 thousands of romanian peasants were shot because they opposed land collectivization ; and some 80,000 were jailed , many dying there , in prisons and work camps . 
  here are two maps of the romanian ` gulag ' system . 
  too many peoples ' lives were destroyed there . 
  not an inconvenient opinion , at least not to me . 
  complex historical phenomena need to be understood in all their complexity . 
  there were no doubt some positive consequences for some people and/or for some regions , at some point . 
  that does n't change my opinion that the communist regimes were a disaster and that people would have been better off under a democratic regime . 
   lada for 10 years !, 
  how backwards , we were buying our dacias after waiting ** only ** 7 years !,
