  there is a european project to repopulate some places with european bison , a species that was near extinction . 
  several groups were also released in a couple of places in romania and i hope they will have a better fate than this ones . 
  actually , there were/are more kinds of germans . 
  see here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans_of_romania besides the ones you and ` uazaa ' already mentioned , also roma/gypsies ( surprised you did n't mention them ) , bulgarians ( in banat ) and czechs ( also mostly in banat ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarians_in_romania https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechs_of_romania, 
  afaik the poles of romania lived/live mostly in bukovina ( suceava county ) . 
  it was the same in romania : ` ceau\u0219escu is good , it 's his wife and bureaucrats which are lying and stealing ' !, 
  the first part is correct , all romanian citizens belong to the nation , the second less . 
  most germans and hungarians , but not all , moved to what is now romania in the middle ages ( xi-xiii centuries ) , some hundreds of years before austro-hungarian ( 1867 ) rule . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans_of_romania the serbs and the roma/gypsies arrived in the romanian lands starting from the xiii-xiv centuries . 
  having the biggest port in the black sea helps a lot . 
  constanta is also a big city by romanian standards , in the second tier ( with cluj , timisoara and iasi ) after bucharest . 
  just to clarify , the table and the map do not show gdp growth rates but the percentage of national gdp these counties ( and bucharest ) contribute to . 
  thus , counties in blue have a share of more than 4 % of the national gdp and so forth . 
  your name suits you . 
  iasi is a big city ( by romanian standards ) so clearly some of the grown comes from people moving to iasi for job opportunities . 
  it 's a university city so many of the students are likely to remain there get a job after they graduated instead of returning to their small towns or villages of origin . 
  then , as you mention , it is the most populous county of romania so there are enough young people to make babies . 
  then , not to be ignored , iasi county also has about 2 % gypsy/roma population , which tend to have a higher birthrate than the ethnic romanians . 
  i think he refers to the muted dutch response to russia 's denials of being involved , against all evidence , not to the actual downing of the airplane . 
  downing a civilian airline by mistake does n't absolve you of responsibility . 
  just bad behavior from both sides . 
  what humiliating security checks ? 
  you are just suppose to put your metal items through a scan machine and pass a metal detector ` door ' , exactly like you would do at an airport . 
  what is humiliating about that ? 
  yes , he used to be the president of the commission and now he is no longer . 
  not as big of a deal as the title of the article makes it . 
  very sensible intention and good to see you 're not following the kaczynski/orban crowd . 
  now if your president would also make less of those hmmm ... ` original ' statements it would be even better . 
   why do so many slavic countries like romania in order for your opinions to be credible , it would be good to know some basic things about what you are talking about ; such as the fact that romania is not a slavic country . 
  besides that , in case you have n't noticed , this is about transnistria , a breakaway region of the republic of moldova , which illegally broke away with russian military help , not about poland or romania not getting over the past . 
  oh yeah , how all eastern europeans are the same . 
  while romania , the second biggest country in the region after poland , has its most pro-eu government ever . 
  anything on bulgaria ? 
  how about the slovak president or the czech prime-minister , are they some mindless nationalists ? 
  and are really the baltics all gravitating around germany ? 
  i do n't remember them being particularly open to taking those refugees . 
  and like other people here said , do you guys see what 's happening in france ( le pen ) , germany ( afd ) , netherlands ( wilders ) , sweden ( swedish democrats ) , austria ( presidential elections much ? ), 
  and so forth ? 
  and is southern europe all the same ? 
  the problems are many and the picture is a very complex one . 
  no need to use broad brushes and put whole regions in the same basket . 
  this is exactly what happened during the euro crisis , many were very easily throwing stereotypes at the other : ` greeks are lazy ' , ` germans are cold-hearted nazis ' and so forth . 
  let 's stop doing that and get the right picture . 
  a bit annoying honestly . 
  here i am trying to use my french and there comes the answer in english . 
  thank you very much , if i wanted to speak in english i would have done it from the start . 
  this is in brussels , in flanders i do n't dare to speak in french . 
  dohh , how else would you be able to quickly change direction to get your home-packed office lunch that your forgot on your kitchen table ? 
   most words with z are from the dacian language no , they 're not . 
  there are quite many details here https://www.amazon.com/darkness-dawn-russian-criminal-state/dp/0300105916, 
  confirmed stupidity . 
  not playing any fool . 
  by mixing i referred to the inclusion of majority armenian nk into azerbaijan ( `` mixed different populations in the same republics ( armenian nk being put in azerbaijan '' ) . 
   possibly . 
  but not to the extent where leaders being emotional should be among your first guesses with regards to important decisions . 
  i tend to disagree ; it clearly varies much from case to case . 
  putin is obviously a rational actor , but i think emotions ( i.e. 
  frustration with the turnaround in ukraine caused by the maidan ) also played a key role in his decision to send troops to crimea . 
  us strategies of extending influence tend to be more ethical than russia 's . 
  this does n't exclude what we might call ` unethical behavior ' from the us . 
  what i was referring to more specifically were the ways through which the us and russia gained allies in europe in the last two decades . 
  in this area and time russia tends to use a much higher degree of coercion than the us . 
  i did long time ago . 
  i also worked on those countries for many years . 
  here is a relevant part from the page you make reference to . '', 
  in 1921 , armenia and georgia were also taken over by the bolsheviks who , in order to attract public support , promised they would allot karabakh to armenia , along with two other disputable areas with ethnically mixed population -- nakhchivan and zangezur ( syunik ) ( both last de facto belonged to armenia ) . 
  however , moscow also had far-reaching plans concerning turkey -- hoping that it would , with a little help from russia , develop along communist lines . 
  needing to appease turkey , bolsheviks not only have transferred karabakh to azerbaijan , but also have transferred it area nachichevan , per 1919 -- 1920 a part of republic armenia . 
  from the areas declared disputable , only the small area zangezur ( a strip separating nakhichevan from azerbaijan proper ) has been left for armenia . 
  this final decision to transfer karabakh was made rather abruptly and arbitrarily . 
  on july 4 , 1921 , the caucasian bureau of the russian communist party central committee decided during a plenary session that karabakh be joined with armenia ; however , on the next day , july 5 , 1921 , stalin intervened and thus it was decided that karabakh be set in soviet azerbaijan - this decision was taken without deliberation or vote . 
  [ 71 ] [ 72 ] as a result , the nagorno-karabakh autonomous oblast ( nkao ) was established within the azerbaijan ssr in 1923 . 
  most of the decisions on the transfer of the territories , and the establishment of new autonomous entities , were made under pressure from joseph stalin , who is still blamed by both azerbaijanis and armenians for arbitrary decisions made against their national interests . '', 
  russia knew very well that ukraine will not become a nato member anytime soon . 
  indeed , by taking crimea and the donbas , they completely cancelled any possibility of that happening . 
  in an autocratic state , the emotions of the leader are more easily transmissible downwards , as there are much less checks and balances than in a democracy . 
  i see you tend to believe emotions do n't play a role in politics/decision making . 
  i think you are very wrong . 
  as before , i do n't have major disagreements about the last part . 
  i only hope you realize that you compare us behaviour in the 3rd world during the cold war ( a time of competition with the ussr ) with us behavior in europe post cold war . 
  these are different times , with different conditions and constraints . 
  in any case , i have n't claimed that throughout its history the us supported only democratic regimes/forces ; we all know that 's not the case . 
  the nk conflict never got to a phase in which a resolution could have been easily grabbed ( for russia to block ) . 
  even looking back , at the cause of this conflict , it 's pretty clear who designed the borders there and mixed different populations in the same republics ( armenian nk being put in azerbaijan ) , in order to control them better . 
  what is also clear is that current russia is one of the main beneficiaries of this conflict , for the reasons i outlined above . 
  russia is both a security provider for armenia and a lead mediator , while at the same time being the main weapons supplier for azerbaijan . 
  so armenians get their main military ally ( russia ) to be the main weapons supplier to their worst enemy ( azerbaijan ) - a great deal they got there !, 
  it is also obviously clear that the nk conflict benefits russia 's geopolitical goals . 
  because of this conflict russia gets to have bases in armenia and gets to control armenia as the armenians count on russia to come to their aid in case of war . 
  because of this conflict , the azerbaijanis also need to behave nicely with russia , so that it does n't intervene directly in the conflict , on armenia 's side . 
  russia 's interest in the continuation of the conflict are obvious , so we should n't be surprised that the minsk negotiations do n't go anywhere . 
  was ukraine to become a nato member ? 
  no , it was not . 
  we know very clearly that there was very little interest from nato on this and much opposition . 
  you think that in the autocratic regime russia is , putin 's emotions do n't matter ? 
  they do . 
  saying that there were objective reasons why russia started the war in ukraine does n't say much really ; what are the objective reasons ? 
  it just sounds like a weak attempt to justify their land grab . 
  russia could have easily continued to have the same trade regime it had with ukraine .
