  given that barnier probably chose his own team , i expect that most of them would also speak french . 
  that does n't mean that they will speak in french to the brits . 
  of course not . 
  this is about the language that they use to talk inside the eu team . 
  the vast ( meaning 95 % + ) of the documents produced by the institutions are ( firstly ) in english and that 's not going to change substantially , with or without the brits around the table . 
  the eu bubble in brussels is mostly english speaking and that 's not going to change either . 
  i doubt it . 
  the horse can graze around the school and if it rains , well , they are used to that . 
  their f-18s are already here ... protecting us . 
  damn canadians , they 're nice even when they invade . 
  canadian cf-18 jets deploy to romania http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/caandian-cf-18-jets-deploy-to-romania/article18334275/ air task force and canadian cf-18 aircraft headed to romania for bilateral military training http://news.gc.ca/web/article-en.do?nid=1036239, 
  blood . 
  we just drink blood . 
  but maple syrup welcomed . 
  :-) but really now , i do n't think there was hate , rather some annoyance with people reproaching us that we look for our interests . 
  and you know , it 's hard to hate canadians . 
  cheers from across the pond !, 
  yes , maybe , but that was n't the point and neither romania nor bulgaria asked that . 
  canada only said it is open to negotiate the lifting of the visas after romania threatened some months ago that it would block ceta . 
  they did n't do it out of their own initiative and they would n't have lifted them if it was n't was this threat/block . 
  there was no piss match . 
  the romanian authorities 's job is to fight for the right of the romanian citizens and this is what they 've done . 
  they reached a diplomatic compromise to solve a problem . 
  it eliminates one of the stumbling blocks in the signing of a trade agreement between canada and a 450 + million strong market . 
  so yes , it matters . 
  that was the compromise . 
  romanians wanted it to be sooner ( e.g. 
  1 january 2017 ) , canadians wanted it later . 
  that is just a bad argument . 
  criminals are the last people to be hold back by visas . 
  we are talking here about a trade deal . 
  there are many legitimate trade and business interests that romania has in and in relation to canada . 
  if together with your eu peers you 're going to sign a trade agreement with a third party , it 's very legitimate to ask to be treated in the same way as your peers . 
  and speaking about criminality , yes , there are romanian and bulgarian criminals in europe , like there are from many other countries . 
  i wish there were fewer , as i also wish that the dutch ports would not be the main entry gates for hard drugs into europe . 
  half of the cocaine taken in europe comes in through rotterdam and no , that 's not just because rotterdam is a big port ; the vast majority of ecstasy taken in europe also comes from labs mostly in the south of the netherlands . 
  sure , though not stated , that was implied in my answer . 
  of course not , but the romanian state could have done a better job over the last decades ( hell , more than 100 years ) in order to have a better country i.e. 
  with less people willing to emigrate . 
  there are long term factors that make romania be on that visa lists , not only the last 5-6 years . 
  you do n't think romania has business people ? 
  this is a trade deal , trade is done mainly by business people . 
  you are drawing exactly the wrong conclusion here . 
  this is happening exactly because member states have asked that the ceta agreement is considered a mixed agreement and not one only under eu competency . 
  this raised the need to have agreements from all the eu member states and their parliaments ( with a high number of them in the case of belgium ) . 
  and btw , lovely list you have there.e.g . 
  belgium -40 % of its population , the uk which soon wo n't be a member anymore and not a party to these agreements . 
  the other answer you receives explained why you wo n't be able to get as good a deal as ceta/ttip if you negotiate from a national position . 
  trade agreements are done between markets . 
  if you are a small market you get a lousy deal . 
  there is a reason why the eu negotiates as a whole . 
  yes , i said the same thing some comments above . 
  i do n't know the exact figure and ca n't find it quickly now but i see that the romanian overstays rate in us is between 2 and 3 % and double the rate for russians . 
  the romanian president has just declared that romania is ready to lift its reservations for the signing of the agreement if it manages to reach a reasonable agreement with canada for the lifting of the canadian visas in 2017 , and not in 2018 ( i understand 2018 was the last proposal from canada ) . 
   think things work like back home , where it 's not really important to follow the rules too much . 
  i get your point and i do n't want to have a long discussion on this , including because i had it the last time this subject was prominent here . 
  i am certainly not the only one saying that the visa refusal rate is a rather unobjective and fairly arbitrary standard , because it is based on decisions made by consular officers rather than the actual behavior of applicants . 
  people ( applicants ) are judged for what they might do , not for what they 've done . 
  we are talking about officers that have to watch out and identify '' possible immigrants '' from poorer countries and that can not be a purely objective judgement . 
  even your message shows that biases and stereotypes are easily part of the equation ( `` think things work like back home , where it 's not really important to follow the rules too much '' ) . 
  i am not challenging canada 's right to decide on its own immigration/visa policy , i am just saying that visa policy is not clean cut science , no matter how many numbers we want to put on it . 
  like i said above , i regret that we got to this point , and i hope both that the ceta agreement will be signed and implemented and that romanians will soon be able to travel visa-free to canada . 
  we threatened we would do this , sure . 
  i just wonder if we would have taken the decision to actually do this if we would have been the only ones staying between the other 28 and the signature of the agreement . 
  i was n't referring to the government . 
  look at the first comment from alecs_stan . 
  i have seen many other similar ones on this topic . 
  i understand the government taking the position that it took . 
  we could speculate whether they would have taken this position in the absence of the opposition from wallonia . 
   canada 's fault that too many romanians get rejected well , as i mentioned in another comment , one can have a whole discussion about this point . 
  of course there is no plan against romania , but the decision to reject a visa application is taken by canadians , not by romanians . 
  i think it 's not realistic to assume that this is a totally scientific/objective process . 
  the romanian authorities can also not appreciate much the fact that some of your regions aggressively advertise emigration to canada for romanian doctors and engineers while somebody with the '' wrong '' ( or no ) diploma can not visit canada because e.g. 
  they already have a cousin living there so are more likely to be refused a visa . 
  ok , thanks . 
  i know that in the case of the us visas it 's also about overstaying . 
  i was referring to both cases . 
  there are many good reasons for signing treaties but the moment one decides to veto something also necessitates wisdom , especially when dealing with allies . 
  the visa reciprocity is an agreement between eu member states , one in which canada has n't participated . 
  the eu has pressed canada on this and romania and canada have made some steps forward on this with the issue now being mainly one of timing ( e.g. 
  when the visas would be lifted ) . 
  the problem should be treated with wisdom , not by worsening the relations we and the rest of the eu have with canada , which would happen if the eu would impose visas on canadians . 
  from what i know it 's both , visa refusals and visa overstaying . 
  of course , we can talk about the objectivity of the system in case of the refusals but that is another ( connected ) discussion . 
  all i 'm saying is that we should n't just jump and blame other europeans that they have n't supported us enough . 
  we can also ask ourselves if it 's fair to ask from the other eu national leaders to worsen the lives of their citizens ( by having visas imposed on them ) because we and our leaders have n't been capable to develop a better country , one in which people would want to come , not to leave . 
  the eu in this case means the eu member states . 
  do you expect germany or france to impose visas on the us and canada , and thus get us and canadian visas imposed on them because romanians need visas ? 
  the losses would be in the billions and the transatlantic connection would be weakened , to the loss of all of us . 
  if you are looking for culprits , one can also blame the romanians themselves , that after 20 years of living in a free society , are still overstaying/being refused their us/canadian visas in too high numbers . 
  if romanians would n't run away from romania in such high numbers , those visas would have been lifted years ago , without the need of the eu to intervene . 
  yes , i 'm afraid it is like that . 
  though the romanian government is in favour of free trade and wants to continue to have very good relations with canada , i am also asking myself how can we sign a free trade agreement if our business people ca n't even travel freely to canada as their counterparts from the other eu member states ? 
  i think it 's really regrettable that we got to this point and i hope that the situation can be solved soon . 
  no , he did not . 
  he is widely respected for his role played as president of the european council . 
  exactly . 
  there was info that 2-4 of them used the route , not the majority of them . 
  and salaries and taxes to romania ( ns ), 
  that is sad .
