  they have . 
  anyway , i think we clarified it . 
  rom has some personality but i always liked poiana and africana better . 
  not true , they had met several times since the annexation of crimea , both in multilateral and bilateral settings . 
  see message of nato secretary general http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/news_129818.htm, 
  ok , got it , thanks . 
  of course , if they break the law , they should be prosecuted ( or whatever measure spanish law provides for that ) . 
  if you worked legally and paid your social contributions in spain , including for unemployment , i do n't see why you could n't ask for unemployment the moment you are left unemployed , whether you are a romanian , a spanish or an iraqi . 
  or it is that romanian workers should only pay the social contributions/taxes in spain , but not benefit from them when needed ? 
  exactly , it 's much less likely to have conflicts with a country which is hundreds of thousands of km away . 
  people 's views are also determined by how rich/developed/successful a country is . 
  bulgaria is not seen as a rich/developed/successful country . 
  in some aspects ( corruption , organized crime , their love of russia ) they are seen as doing worse than us ( in the case of russia , worse means they like it much more than us ) , thus the result . 
  yes , it should be better but you know the reasons and i think you also know that hungarians views on romanians are not any better . 
  if i were to guess , over 75 % positive . 
  i would be difficult not to like the italians . 
  besides all the things other people like the italians for , you also have in romania this feeling of kinship , the fact that we are related , that we have the same ancestors ( which is of course a bit naive/romantic but has also a clear historical/cultural/linguistic base ) . 
  i mean , our language and the name of our people and of our country comes from the romans/the roman empire , thus from rome . 
  how could we hate rome ? 
  and luxembourg . 
  that and also not experiencing the sort of massacres our bulgarian neighbors experienced in 1876 helps as well . 
  no reason for that . 
  attitudes would be very ( 70 % + ) positive . 
  honestly , you are bit far away so people do n't think about you that much . 
  but if you were to ask romanians what they think about australians you 'll get very positive views . 
  a big part of the reason in my view . 
  at the fall of the soviet union romanians knew ( because they were educated in that way ) that moldovans from the former soviet republic are romanians just like all of us romanians . 
  we have more moldovans in romania ( where it 's a regional identity ) than in the republic of moldova so why should those newly independent moldovans be different from our moldovans , which identify 100 % with the romanian nation ? 
  they thought . 
  so lots of love and desire for union form the romanian side . 
  and then came the shock , of discovering that many moldovans did n't identify as romanians and some were also quite anti-romanian , others confuse and so forth . 
  i mean sure , there are a lot of moldovans that identify as romanians , including most o their ` intellectuals ' ( professors etc. . ) but when you look at the whole society ... 
  so most of the negative feeling in my view comes from this rejection . 
  many romanians ( happily not the majority ) felt rejected by their brothers/their own and that 's not an easy thing to swallow . 
  to add to that , israel and romania have very good relations . 
  romania was the only communist country that did n't break diplomatic relations with israel after the 1967 six-day war and these kind of things matter ; moreover , many israelis have romanian jewish ancestry , the romanian community being at that time the largest jewish community in europe to survive wwii , after the one in russia . 
  the israeli airforce has been training in romania ( we have more airspace than they do , and mountains ) , the israelis have some good investments in romania and there are also good trade relations . 
  so their institutions would have really no interest to attack romania 's anti-corruption chief and also risk damaging those bilateral relations . 
  their embassy in bucharest announced today that no israeli institutions are involved in this case . 
  these look to be just israeli citizens , yes , former mossad employees but private citizens , who broke the law and will have to face the justice system now . 
  it might be that or maybe some of the romanians under investigation thought to contract some `` external services '' . 
  tough luck for them . 
   still , annexation is a strong word . 
  are you serious ? 
  having the troops of one state invade the territory of another , followed by a sham referendum and the administrative inclusion of that territory into the territory of the invading country is not annexation ? 
   romanian-romanian writing romanian once is enough . 
  dictionaries are not only those that translate words , they can also offer definitions , etymologies , phonetics , pronunciations , and other information . 
  honestly , i prefer the old look and clearly the tabbed menubar over those side-hover-buttons . 
  regarding the logo my suggestion would be not to make it too eu-land . 
  i live in brussels , i 'm happy we have the eu but let 's not push those stars more than it 's needed ( i know the flag is not just the eu one , but also council of europe etc. . ) . 
  i followed their advice and added the website to the whitelist of my adblockplus and it does n't work , i just get again the damn quote . 
  stolen by politicians + criminals , though the two categories tend to partially overlap , especially in moldova . 
  that is total nonsense . 
  indeed , those are all legitimate questions . 
  i live in brussels , yesterday i was several hundred meters from the bombing site , and i have serious questions/doubts about the capabilities and professionalism of the belgian authorities . 
   homogenous romania does n't have a homogenous society , ethnically or religiously , which is fine . 
  there are problems of integration , especially regarding parts of the roma community , but though difficult , i think they are easier to solve on the long term than the integration problems some western european countries are facing with some of their minorities . 
  no , still the moldovans are the poorest . 
   reasonably adapt ? 
  they are the poorest country in europe no , sheriff does n't pay taxes in moldova . 
  text in english bulgaria has outplayed romania in any aspect long ago : pm sofia . 
  `` bulgaria has outplayed romania in any aspect long ago , '' bulgaria prime minister boyko borisov said in an interview with nova tv , asked to comment on when bulgaria would catch up with neighbouring romania . 
  asked about when and how bulgaria outplayed romania in terms of fight against corruption , prime minister borisov said : `` their ministers are stealing and eventually got caught and imprisoned , while their president is looking for asylum in moldova . 
  i do not see any bulgarians escaping to romania . '' borisov agreed to the statement that there were no convicted politicians in bulgaria probably because there were not any corrupted people among them . 
  `` i find the prevention most important . 
  i know that i do my best not to let them steal and they know that whoever i catch will leave immediately , '' the bulgarian prime minister commented further . 
  according to borisov , the negative ec report was due to the fact that the country was government by former prime minister plamen oresharski for a year and a half . 
  `` we enjoy brussels ' full support , of all our colleagues there , for everything we have done in the past month , and everyone came to say `` our boyko is back '' , '' boyko borisov commented further . 
  he added that romanian companied came to do business in bulgaria because it was better to work here and the country was more stable and predictable . 
  source : http://www.focus-fen.net/news/2016/03/21/401115/bulgaria-has-outplayed-romania-in-any-aspect-long-ago-pm.html, 
  indeed , he does n't seem to want to die . 
  hope that this `` weakness '' will also make him cooperative in what concerns the inquiry . 
  i live in brussels so after two anti-terrorist interventions this week , i 'm happy hearing the good news . 
  i also hope the belgians will improve and catch more of these fuckers before they hit . 
  i agree and i wish that to be the case but i think russia is in a different situation , has in good part a different political culture/tradition and has and will have less incentives to cooperate with its european neighbors . 
  not being fatalistic or anti-russian here , i would really like them to turn into a more democratic , friendlier and easier-to-deal-with neighbor but historic experience and the current realities do n't give me great hope . 
  do you think that russia has any chance in turning into post-wwii de-nazified western germany ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  russia is very likely to remain more or less the same , with or without putin . 
  exactly . 
  `` the fundamental rights agency ( fra ) , an eu office in vienna , said in a report on wednesday ( 16 march ) that the problem is at its worst in bulgaria , hungary , italy , latvia , poland , romania and slovakia . '', 
  i 'm sure italians would not be happy being put there with us easterners . 
  they are not , the name is also found in neighboring romania , and both countries have quite a diversity of surnames so probably smth like 3 % of the population would be called rusu ( the russian ) . 
  we need an albanian here ( who wants to talk about it ) . 
  nothing major in most cases . 
  he would have needed to pay some small bribes . 
  you can visit transnistria from moldova . 
  btw , moldavia is the name for the whole historical region , divided between romania , the republic of moldova and ukraine . 
  i saw rosa 's logo after i wrote my message . 
  comment still holds , both organisations could do better . 
  honestly polish space agency , you can do better . 
  can you offer any reference to this n-s highway that the eu wants romania to built and romania does n't want to ? 
  because i 've never heard about it . 
  please do n't be ridiculous and provincial . 
  no government hates having highways . 
  but between wanting and actually having the money to build them there is some distance . 
  resources are limited and choices need to be made . 
  among others , romania 's highways are necessary in order to export goods to the west , to central and western europe , where are our main export markets . 
  you are already close to the western border of romania so companies from your area have a much easier life in what concerns exports and transport costs . 
  highways need to be built to get to your part of the country , including from bucharest , which guess what , is by far the largest city of romania , as well as its cultural , industrial , and financial centre .
