  the west of romania is already linked by highway to hungary ( timisoara-nadlac ) , which is much more than the people in the east of the country ( moldavia ) can say . 
  work is continuing on this in order to finalize the 4th pan-european corridor https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan-european_corridor_iv including by linking bucharest with banat and the western border . 
   school ship this one is also a school ship . 
  it would be more interesting to see each ship separately . 
  it would give a better idea of how big the navy is . 
  the way it is now we can see clearly how many types of ship each navy has . 
  just saying . 
  thanks for posting . 
  they know/mention dracula if i get to say that i 'm from transylvania . 
  beautiful women - you do n't get that from strangers and we 're not the only ones there . 
  our neighbors have beautiful women as well . 
  thanks for your comment . 
  i know , i 've been living in western europe for the past years . 
  you go to a party and meet people who very cheerfully ask you where you are from . 
  you can see it in their eyes that they would be happy to tell you something nice or funny if you would just tell them that you are from italy , or spain , or france or other western or southern european country . 
  but you tell them that you are from romania . 
  immediately , you can see how that spark in their eyes and that smile disappear , how they find themselves in a difficult and slightly embarrassing situation because they do n't have anything to say about romania ( or at least not something nice ) so they just utter an `` ah , ok ... '' before moving onward . 
  obviously , it 's not always like that but it happened to me more than once . 
   here are already monopoly tendencies in the us cable industry and you think less government intervention is gon na fix the mess there ? 
  no , in such situations they need a stronger market regulator/enforcer , not to allow monopolies . 
  i was just saying that the principles that allowed romania to develop a good internet infrastructure are not exactly the ones closest to mr. sanders heart . 
  that was just part of the story , being part of the motivation for some of the users . 
  companies fighting for clients , thus keeping prices low and investing in infrastructure was another . 
  i 'm pretty sure americans are more likely to have heard of romanian than of bucharest . 
  bucharest is ... sunnier . 
  in great part true , though i also had the pleasure of using dial-up internet in romania and that was n't new communications infrastructure but just the old phone lines . 
  i know , i skip reading them too but this time , he started it . 
  i do n't live in romania anymore so maybe another romanian might answer . 
  i do n't think there are companies in romania offering you 10 mbps download speed , at least not in cities . 
  my parents live in a village , have about 40mb for download and for that and cable tv pay some 7 euros . 
  two comments here . 
  - yes , he wants to say that the us should improve its internet speed/infrastructure but the way he says it , `` look , even those poor romanians have faster internet than us '' , is crappy and demeaning , especially when you think from what ideological camp that comes . 
  - romania 's fast internet is a result of private initiative and free market competition , not of government intervention . 
  i 'm not sure mr. sanders understands that . 
  - this is 1 year and a bit old but i 'm sure there are newer stats `` bucharest offers an average broadband speed of 81.18 mbps , according to the hyperoptic rankings , which includes in total 33 european capitals . 
  the number includes both company traffic and household usage . 
  paris , with an average speed of 78.15 mbps , comes in second , followed by vilnius ( lithuania ) with 60.14 mbps , stockholm ( sweden ) with 58.37 mbps and berne ( switzerland ) with 51.19 mbps . '', 
  http://www.business-review.eu/featured/bucharest-blazes-ahead-of-all-other-european-capitals-with-its-broadband-speed-74183 - easier if you happen to speak some other romance language ( french , italian etc. . ) . 
  you can also get along with english if you live in a big city . 
  well , he is not wrong . 
  many of the latinate words in romanian are loans from french . 
  `` it was estimated that about 38 % of words in romanian are of french and/or italian origin ( in many cases both languages ) ; and adding this to romanian 's native stock , about 75 % -- 85 % of romanian words can be traced to latin . '', 
  yes , seriously . 
  it happened in an international context , not in romania , but i guess it can happen in romania as well . 
  and i know it from the person that excluded the ` moldovan speaker ' so there was no doubt about the reason . 
  the issue was not that the person was from moldova but that , by writing both language names , he claimed that moldovan and romanian are different languages , which obviously they are not . 
  most probably the ` moldovan speaker ' had no idea why his cv was not selected . 
  i 'm not defending that decision , i 'm just telling that if somebody chooses to put moldovan in his/her cv , he/she should be careful what message that sends , to whom and in what context . 
  in the same way , i am sure that some employers in moldova would not hire people that put romanian language in their cv instead of moldovan . 
  so besides the jokes about it , i would say to not ignore the political and practical effect of using a name over the other . 
   it was decided in the jai meeting by the commission my , my , really people , get your knowledge on eu institutions up to speed . 
  the jai meeting is a meeting of the eu council , where it 's the eu member states which are represented and which decide . 
  the article you linked to refers to a non-legislative resolution ( i.e. 
  non-binding ) of the european parliament which supported the proposal of the european commission . 
  the decision to go forward on this redistribution was taken in the eu council , by the 28 member states , a majority voting in favour , and 4 against . 
  `` which is what action ? '', 
  i outlined it above . 
  make it clear to them that they either cooperate in the investigation or get additional sanctions . 
  nobody talks about invading them , do n't create straw arguments . 
  `` are you comparing a nuclear , world power , with a tinpot little place ? '', 
  yes , a nuclear , world power whose economy is in recession for the second year and which needs to trade and cooperate with the west . 
  the idea is to decide that we wo n't accept their shit . 
  the libyans also did n't cooperate , until they did . 
  just some ideas : - put political pressure and sanctions if necessary ( and it seems to be necessary ) on russia to fully cooperate with the international investigation , in order to determine who was involved and who is responsible . 
  - finalize investigation . 
  - if , as it appears to be the case , the russian army was involved , convince/press russia to acknowledge that and pay compensation to the families of the people killed . 
  it 's not the first case when a country kills innocent civilians . 
  look at the process regarding the lockerbie bombing . 
  negligence as in : `` ah , that plane with hundreds of civilians we just shot down ? 
  oh well , that was just negligence . 
  really , a minor thing . '', 
  careful there . 
  i know of people who were excluded from job selection processes because they had both romanian and moldovan written in their cvs . 
  sure , i know all that . 
  but genetics does n't matter here , language and culture does . 
  here is an upvote . 
  not easy to be so stranded from one 's relatives . 
  you make some fair points , but just naming them for their nationality ( bulgarian , romanian but also a lot of others : serbian , slovak etc. . ) also hides the problem which is the poor integration of the roma . 
  in order to actually proceed to solve this difficult social challenge , one also need to properly identify the problem , to understand that one exists . 
  if the crimes committed by the romas in western europe are just hidden under the names bulgarian , romanian etc. . , people get that there is a problem with bulgarians and romanians committing crimes or the main issue here is to address the social and cultural factors leading the romas to a life at the margin of societies , too often involving crime ( most of it minor , thefts etc ) . 
  so yes , one should n't stigmatize them , but one should n't also hide the problem under too much political correctness because hiding it will certainly not help in solving it . 
  about time . 
  that is the implementation part of the trade agreement . 
  sure , the agreements get implemented through laws . 
  and both the agreement and the laws that would need to be implemented will be debated in the national parliaments after the agreement has been reached . 
  about people you never directly elected . 
  do you elect the diplomats from your country which negotiate in the name of your country ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the representatives of your country have at some point decided that they want your country to enter the eu , and in the eu the trade policy is an exclusive competence of the union , which means that `` the commission negotiates agreements on behalf of the eu within wto rules and works closely with national governments and the european parliament '' . 
  that means that the people you elected at the national level have the responsibility to defend the interests of your country in the council of the european union , `` where national government ministers meet , decide on negotiating mandates , international agreements and various trade policy measures . 
  the european commission is under an obligation to consult the member states regularly . 
  thus the member states can have an active say in trade policy issues in the preparatory phases of policy-making . '', 
  other people you elected are those in the european parliament . 
  `` the treaty of lisbon , which entered into force in december 2009 , provides for a closer involvement of the european parliament in the conduct of trade policy . 
  among other things , the european parliament 's consent is required for the ratification of free trade agreements and for trade-related legislative measures . '', 
  as you can see , a number of the people you elected are involved in this process . 
  the european commissioner for trade has been nominated by the democratically elected government of one of the eu member states . 
  for example , the current european commissioner for trade is cecilia malmstr\u00f6m , who was nominated for that job by the swedish government , which was elected by the swedish people . 
  her presence in the commission has also been approved by the european parliament . 
  do you want your mp or mep , `` the people you elected '' , to lead the negotiations in your name ?
