  the nomadic gypsies were ` always ' a small minority among the gypsy population in the romanian principalities and later some of them were killed during the holocaust and the rest were settled by the communists who did n't allow nomadic people as they would have been more difficult to control . 
  this image of the nomadic gypsy is mostly a romantic-era one , promoted by literature and movies . 
  the reality is somehow different . 
  so the gypsies from romania that moved to western europe , including the uk , were settled in romania , though mostly living in poverty . 
  it is widely accepted that their proportion is above the officially recorded one of 3.3 % ( they were 2.5 % in the 2002 census so clearly more of them are now more relaxed to declare their true ethnic identity ) . 
  i personally think 10 % is too high of an estimate and that the ` real ' one would be around 4-5 % . 
  10 % would mean they would be almost twice as many as the hungarians and that 's just not credible . 
  the hungarians clearly dominate large areas in transylvania ( 2 counties with over 70 % of the population and above 30 % in some other 2-3 counties ) but the gypsies are rather small minorities in most places , with only a handful ( 5-6 ) of villages where they are a majority . 
  2002 map ( municipality level ) https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/romi_%28tigani%29_romania_2002.png 2011 map ( county level ) https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/rromi_2011_jud.png in the census declaration you can only state one ethnic group ( romania , hungarian , roma , ukrainian etc. ) . 
  there are many other romanians with mixed ethnic background ( romanian-hungarian being the most common ) and they also have to chose only one to declare . 
  thus , a `` part gypsy '' can chose to declare himself gypsy , romanian or whatever ethnic group he/she wants . 
  how about my other questions ? 
  according to the 2011 census , the share of the roma/gypsy in the population of romania is 3.3 % . 
  it 's true , the figure is probably higher , probably around 5 % , still some distance from your 10 % . 
  so you say that romania 's entry in the eu in 2007 made the uk leave the eu . 
  - i would ask , why was the uk the main promoter of romania 's entry in the eu and generally , the main promoter of eu enlargement ? 
  from that perspective , this is very much uk 's doing . 
  - the presence of other communities ( poles , lithuanians , bulgarians , slovaks etc. ), 
  did n't matter at all ? 
  there are much more poles in the uk than romanians and all i see in these last weeks are xenophobic attacks mainly against poles . 
  - the biggest share of migrants the uk accepts each year does n't even come from the eu . 
  the fact that you have some very serious problems with the integration of parts of the pakistani , bangladeshi and other non-european communities did n't play any role in people 's attitudes towards migration ? 
  i do n't know of any gypsy involved in terrorist plots , jihadist-inspired or not , but i have seen interviews with people saying that they voted for leave because they want to stop the muslim immigration ( which is not under eu 's control ) . 
  - the fact that you have some of the most vile and xenophobic tabloid media in europe and that they attacked the eu for the last 20 + years did n't matter ? 
  the fact that even the biggest chunk of your `` quality '' media ( telegraph etc. . ) was against eu membership and was spreading lies about the eu does n't matter ? 
  - the fact that the three most visible political leaders ( cameron , corbyn and farage ) were all at best skeptical about the eu , if not overly opposed to it , did n't play any role ? 
  there were n't that many to begin with . 
  most of them moved either to central and western ukraine as idps or to russia . 
  poland and some other neighboring countries , including my own , have accommodated some refugees . 
  `` as he left his car in a parking lot , he motioned toward two romanian women sitting on the sidewalk next to bags of recyclables , surreptitiously begging for change . '', 
  really ? 
  they just knew the women were romanian just by looking at them ? 
  it 's of course true that many roma from romania have moved to western europe where they do this sort of activities ( also begging etc. ), 
  but can we please stop using the term romanians for any gypsy-looking person ? 
  those women could have been from bulgaria , or serbia , or slovakia or a number of other countries . 
  i am a big supporter of the integration of the roma but i also become quite tired to hear my nation becoming synonymous with the begging , socially non-integrated roma . 
  calling all roma romanians is just a sign of ignorance . 
  and no , the fact that the words roma and romanian resemble is not an excuse . 
  people that mix up slovakia and slovenia are also ignorant . 
  the majority of romas are not romanians and the vast majority of romanians are not roma . 
  you mister , have no idea what you are talking about . 
  so was it `` fair '' , or legal for that matter , for those regions to be occupied ? 
  how about the baltic states , bessarabia , northern bukovina and the hertza region , which were also occupied by the soviets as a result of the molotov-ribbentrop pact ? 
  you could have cut on the drama . 
  the capital bucharest has a gdp per capita above the eu average , is richer than the other cities and offers much more opportunities to people that the other cities , crime is low and so is alcoholism . 
  there 've been scandals about some public hospitals but there are also private options . 
  her statement is smth like this : ' i have friends , let 's call them like that , of ten years , who were close to helping me do my luggage and leave ' . 
  so she is doubtful of being friends with them . 
  i think the title of the link here goes too far calling them close friends . 
  they were probably acquaintances , people she interacted with , over the last 10 years . 
  very well known in romania . 
  a bit less stereotypes ( `` brits are simply distant and cold as fuck '' . 
  really ? 
  is that your level of understanding of integration ? ), 
  and some correct information would be welcomed . 
  the gypsies were not burned in ovens in romania . 
  they were shot , deprived of food and medicine while being marched hundreds of km but not burned in ovens . 
  and you describe the despicable genocidal behavior of one of our previous regimes as a policy to integrate them ? 
  would be nice to get them all in the photo . 
  it 's ok , i live here . 
  the closest a terrorist detonated bomb got to me was 600 m. 
  in charge of what things ? 
  they 've been banging us for years to increase our military spending . 
  we do n't really . 
  it was just a temporary thing . 
  the fact that your great prime minister decided yesterday to deliver us a big `` fuck off '' in public ( coz why express your disagreements diplomatically , behind closed doors , as allies should do ? ), 
  while our president was visiting your country would not help for the creation of it either . 
  do n't be silly . 
  thank you for the exchange . 
  thank you . 
  i 've read it . 
  i know and respect ognyan minchev but i think he over-reads this proposal . 
  from the piece i also got a sense that the bulgarian refusal has a lot to do with bulgarian-turkish relations and less with romania , russia or nato . 
  the proposal came from romania , not from turkey , and its main aspect is the involvement of our other , non-black sea allies , principally the us . 
  the proposal would not have given turkey a stronger role in the black sea than it already has . 
  why would it ? 
  and why does he think that romania would want that ? 
  romania has also been frustrated in the past with turkey 's refusal to allow an `` internationalization '' of the black sea . 
  at the same time , it 's clear that a change of the montreux convention is not likely , not in this international climate , so the proposal was to have that system of ship rotations , which would respect the convention , and also involve in exercises the other pro-western countries , ukraine and georgia . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's a huge loss or a huge deal , but the issue seems to have been handled badly and instead of reinforcing our cooperation , it 's possible to weaken it . 
  and it went even worse ** bulgaria opposes nato fleet countering russia - pm ** http://www.novinite.com/articles/174949/bulgaria+opposes+nato+fleet+countering+russia+-+pm honestly , dear neighbors , it looks bad , both for us , for not ensuring your support in advance/behind close doors , and for you , for coming out publicly so divided and unnecessarily dismissive of the proposal ( thinking of borisov here ) . 
  our leaders and administrations should be better than that . 
  good one . 
  yes , because having a nuclear power , and one of the permanent members of the un security council , throw to the bin the most basic rules of international law and of the post-wwii security order in europe , the ones they are supposed to respect and guard , is no threat to european security whatsoever . 
  after crimea 's annexation my country suddenly borders russia again , they moved in crimea tons of long range weapons and last week their president threatened us with being in the cross-hairs of their missiles , but apparently there is `` no threat to anyone '' . 
  our current nuclear plant works on canadian technology , theirs on russian . 
  bulgaria is also seen in romania as being too close to russia and there would be some very very serious apprehension in romania about working with russian companies on kozloduy or any other major energy projects . 
  then , both countries lack the money for such an additional major project . 
  about time . 
  this has been postponed for too long . 
  romania imports less than 5 % of its gas needs from russia , not 25 % as the article claims ; those are several years old figures . 
  was the dutch referendum about ukraine 's accession to the eu ? 
  no , it was not . 
  and your government , parliament and king had approved it . 
  so please stop playing the victim here . 
  indeed , there are many similarities with berlusconi . 
  mazare was/is a bit more of a buffoon , younger , and did n't get to be as influential on the national political stage ( as berlusconi was ) . 
  but of course , there are many others , stealing left and right , without all the buffoonery . 
  the title is not ok , the roads are not useless , they will be used after romania will join schengen . 
  he is not as well known as the current mayor ( the one in jail ) .
