  this is important as it affects the health and quality of life of people . 
  the fact that many people do n't know it does n't make it less important or less in need of addressing . 
  i would show this map to all the **** who claim that communism is a good system , but it was just not implemented well . 
  that 's why there 's the orange dot on bucharest , those `` innovations '' are produced in the capital . 
   average consumer in eastern europe cares so little you assume that the average consumer in eastern europe knows how the nutella `` western europe edition '' tastes like , which he does n't . 
  like the vast majority of consumers in western europe , the vast majority of consumers in cee use the products that are delivered and available in their countries . 
  would german consumers take to the streets if their nutella had 10 % more sugar than the american nutella ? 
  i doubt it . 
  one of the main achievements of the eu is the single market . 
  there is nothing illegitimate in asking to have similar quality products from the same companies operating in a single market . 
  it 's not that german tax payers would need to cover the costs . 
   if the eastern europeans want `` flexible solidarity '' ah , stereotypes and generalizations , have n't seen them since the greeks were lazy and the germans , nazis . 
  a slovak minister is not `` the eastern europeans '' and even the slovak government does n't use that term . 
  come down your high horse . 
   i can not understand a word of romanian , unlike italian . 
  needs a bit of focus . 
  a couple of examples in catalan/romanian bellow . 
  indeed , you are right , italian and romanian are pronounced very similar , have very similar sounds . 
  french a bit less so . 
  btw , great french over there :-p, 
  yes , that speech was made on 21 december 1989 and he was shot on 25 december . 
  worse still , i actually made it to the gate last year but it was night already so i did n't see anything . 
  and now it 's gone . 
  what ? 
  more like europe according to a romanian construction worker . 
  there are more elaborate maps on this topic . 
  thank you for including the romanians . 
  it was our independence war as well . 
  from what i 've seen , many bulgarians would only know about the russians , so i am happy that you mentioned the other nations as well . 
  no idea , just weird . 
   to hang him as soon as possible . 
  i guess that 's russia 's answer to neighbors who are n't accommodating . 
  the biggest country in the world , as big as a continent , is surrounded with bases , that 's a good one . 
  it 's not about threat measurement , they do n't fear romania will invade them ; that would be beyond madness and quite frankly impossible to do . 
  they use the nato/us missile shield as a subject that can bring them to the big negotiations table ( with only them and the americans ) and as a way to threaten us and smaller nato allies and to draw attention to their nuclear weapons . 
  with this they also move the debate from their invasion in ukraine to what the us/nato is doing across the alliance . 
  this is about posturing and intimidation , not about some actual threat assessment . 
  they know very well that the interceptors in romania do n't have any actual payload and ca n't even reach russia 's territory . 
  they pose no risk to russia 's considerable nuclear arsenal . 
  at the same time , romania is the eu and nato member that is closest to both crimea and the donbas and it probably annoys them that we are actually doing something to defend ourselves . 
  it would be otan in romanian as well , but we use the english-language abbreviation ( nato ) . 
  it is . 
  i was a teenager when it came out and i still remember watching it in a cinema which was next to the road his chariot was suppose to pass in the movie , going to his castle . 
  thank you neighbors !, 
  you are right , the eu deserves praise for the prompt way they reacted and we are thankful for that . 
   because honestly this all just reads as another `` please be nice '' , and brow frowning when they are n't . 
  it reads like that because it 's basically what it is . 
  realistically , the commission can only apply this sort of political pressure and probably maintain the cooperation and verification mechanism for longer , but as one can see , romania 's social democrats do n't give much of a damn about that . 
  the european commission does n't have a lot of tools to deal with this sort of situations . 
  we 've seen it also with hungary and poland in the last years . 
  it does n't have the tools/power to do much more and the eu member states are opposed to giving it more power . 
  ok , stop it now . 
  there is one published today marine le pen 25 % fran\u00e7ois fillon 22 % emmanuel macron 21 % beno\u00eet hamon 15 % http://www.lefigaro.fr/elections/presidentielles/2017/01/29/35003-20170129artfig00201-presidentielle-fillon-et-macron-au-coude-a-coude-le-pen-en-tete.php, 
  [ they are . 
  ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/6/5525/11934293913_ac8895c199_b.jpg ), 
  it is according to 2015 spanish statistics . 
  are you referring to the fact that reddit shows there are 2 comments but we can only see yours ? 
  i do n't know what 's the reason . 
  i also do n't see it . 
  the most widely accepted theory is that siebenb\u00fcrgen refers to the seven principal fortified towns of the transylvanian saxons . 
  the name first appeared in a document from 1296 . 
  an alternate medieval latin version , septem castra ( `` seven fortresses '' ) was also used in documents . 
  unfortunately they did with the area around it , though i think some of that was built before communism . 
  in any case , idiots . 
  beautiful . 
   that reduction came from emigration , not from economic development . 
  i would say from both . 
  in the 1990s there was actually an increase in the share of the people living and working in agriculture in the countryside as big communist-era factories closed , many workers were fired and returned to their villages of origin . 
  later , as the economy started to pick up after 2000 , many people from the countryside found jobs in the new factories popping up . 
  in my region , factories are busing in workers from the neighboring county as there are no workers available locally . 
  i do agree with you that a big share of those former farmers now work as farmers , builders and many other jobs across the eu . 
  sometimes one is lucky and gets a better government '' than it deserves '' . 
  not the case of today 's turkey , unfortunately . 
  '' \u0160uto orizari in romania is the largest roma settlement in the world . 
  [ the skopje municipality has a population of 30,000 to 40,000 ] . '', 
  i hope the author realizes that he 's talking about two different countries . 
  the place mentioned is in macedonia/fyrom , not in romania . 
  no , the problem is that russia invaded the territory of its neighbor . 
  '' `` reality '' of yours , where the sanctions are not a total fail . '', 
  maybe you have an unrealistic idea about what sanctions are meant for and what they can achieve . 
  the sanctions goal is primarily to send a signal , to send a political signal to russia that we do not accept such a serious breach of international law , that we do not accept countries invading their neighbors and annexing their territories and that we do not accept the destruction of the european security order . 
  the sanctions show that we are serious about those issues , about security on our common continent , and that we are ready to prove that by taking some pain ourselves . 
  with that , we also signal to our citizens and to the world that we are ready to defend the rules which govern the way this world works , that `` might is not right '' . 
  we signal these things also to the many other autocrats of this world who feel emboldened by putin 's brazen behavior and with that we make other such aggressions less likely . 
  the sanctions also show clearly to russia that further escalation in ukraine will be followed by even more painful sanctions . 
  they constrain russia 's options , both through the threat of possible new sanctions and by reducing the funds they have available , including those to the army . 
  they buy time for ukraine , to get its house in order and strengthen its defenses . 
  the idea that the eu has lost tons of money and the us did n't is one of the main elements of the russian discourse about sanctions , meant to divide the two halves of the trans-atlantic alliance . 
  i see that even without being a russian shill , you still easily propagate it further . 
  it is obvious that the eu would suffer more from russia sanctions and russian counter-sanctions as it trades more with russia than the us does but it is absolutely false that the us is not losing money ; just look for example at the big arctic projects exxon mobil had to freeze or at all the business american banks are losing . 
  at the same time , the russian aggression took place on the european continent , not on the american one . 
  the eu should be much more interested in maintaining security in europe than the us . 
  also , the eu member states which were the most affected by the russian counter-sanctions ( the baltic states and poland ) are also the biggest supporters of the sanctions . 
  yes , having a credible deterrent such as stronger armies matters but we should n't abandon all our other tools ( such as sanctions ) due to misunderstandings regarding their utility . 
  russia cares very much about these sanctions , both among the elites and the population . 
  there are enough reports and opinion polls to show that . 
  do n't take kremlin 's statements and bluster as proofs of what and how much they care about something . 
  sanctions are a long-term tool ; they brought iran to the negotiations table , they can help to keep russia there too and motivate it to be less destructive/more constructive . 
  but for that to succeed we need firmness , consistency and clarity of purpose and not weak-willed politicians announcing every month how they will lift sanctions and kiss putin 's behind . 
  `` fillon said a gesture from russia would be needed before sanctions could be lifted '' a gesture as in putin saying : `` i will take these two tanks , which were never in ukraine , back to russia .
