  that would not really be possible , as there is a separation between the legislative and the executive . 
  they do however have a say in setting the position of the union , of controlling and changing that position during the process , and finally , of approving or not the final product . 
  `` the ethnically homogeneous nations of eastern europe have refused to take any refugees at all '' what a load of bollocks . 
  most eastern european nations are not homogeneous and they all accepted refugees during the last years . 
  one of the main problems is that these migrants + refugees want to go to germany and sweden and not to eastern europe . 
  `` hungary , their standard-bearer on this issue , has built fences along its borders to keep refugees from even passing through . '', 
  i really hate this sort of uninformed opinion . 
  being a refugee does n't give you some sort of carte blanche to do n't give a fuck about the laws of the countries you are in or going to . 
  refugees , as everybody else , are supposed to respect the laws of the countries they go to . 
  they are allowed to ask for political asylum at the regular border crossings of those states , including hungary . 
  hungary did n't close its regular border crossings . 
  no , international law does n't allow you to illegally cross a border . 
  there is no legitimate reason for these people to illegally cross the serbia-hungary border wherever they want . 
  they do that because they want to get to germany , which means they avoid to be registered in the countries on the way to there , which is really breaking both the eu and the international law in this area . 
  keeping the negations non-public helps insulate the government from interest-group pressure . 
  the final product of any negotiations is ultimately a compromise . 
  having the details out in the open exposes the negotiators to the pressures from the most radical parts of their constituency , who are not willing to compromise . 
  this also makes the negotiators/governments much more populistic . 
  as every of their actions and positions are scrutinized by their public , it makes them care more about the pressure from the vocal interest groups than the general interest and the interest of reaching an agreement . 
  that 's why agreements are negotiated with a certain level of confidentiality . 
  have a look how thousands of other agreements ( be it trade , peace , or any other sort ) have been negotiated and you will see they are not done in public . 
  there have also been negotiations that failed because information from the negotiations got out in the public which forced one of the parties to abandon them . 
  it does n't mean the negotiations are secret ( in the case of the ttip ) . 
  like i said , there is also always a mandate which sets the limits of the negotiations and there is communication with the members of parliament . 
  they will have enough time to review it . 
  if you want to read more about the european parliament 's role in what concerns trade agreements , you can for example have a look at the link below . 
  sorry , but it is just not true that other interests ( workers ' unions , environmental organisations etc. ), 
  are not represented . 
  the commission has organised a number of consultations and has received a lot of feed-back from such organisations . 
  have a look here http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1234 there is a stakeholders event/consultation on ttip even later this month . 
  see the details and ways to register here http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/events/index.cfm?id=1453 http://www.europarl.europa.eu/us/resource/static/files/eplo-briefs-policy/european-parliament-and-international-trade.pdf `` parliament 's new powers after the lisbon treaty the introduction of the lisbon treaty provided all branches of eu government with specific powers in the adoption of international agreements . 
  while parliament is not directly involved in the negotiations , which are conducted by the european commission ( the eu executive ) , it has the following rights : to be regularly informed about the negotiations ; to issue resolutions , to state its position and recommendations during any stage of the negotiations ; to provide or decline its consent to the final text of the agreement . 
  this latter right , in particular , means that the parliament now has the ultimate power of veto on trade agreements . 
  taking the point even further , it has been suggested that the parliament 's right to be informed , when considered alongside the power of consent , should give the parliament the right to assert influence on , and potentially even propose modifications to , the text of an agreement . 
  overall , these new powers allow the parliament to exercise parliamentary oversight over the european union 's external policies . 
  with some arguing that that these changes have helped fill the democratic deficit , which so far affected international trade policy . 
  pnr , swift and acta since the entry into force of the lisbon treaty , the parliament has been involved in the conclusion of a number of international agreements , including with the united states . 
  in 2010 , parliament decided to postpone its consent for renewal on the passengers name record agreements ( pnr ) with the u.s. and australia . 
  later the same year , it requested pnr agreements with the us , canada , and australia should be renegotiated to ensure and adequate level of protection for passengers ' personal data . 
  once improved safeguards on data protection and fundamental rights had been included in the agreement , parliament finally gave its consent to the pnr with the u.s. in 2012 . 
  also in early 2010 , the parliament rejected the swift agreement ( on banking data transfers to the usa via the swift network - also known as the terrorist finance tracking program tftp ) after concluding that its provisions did not adequately provide a balance between security and civil liberties . 
  in july 2010 , the ep gave consent after its requested data protection standards were improved in the agreement . 
  another more recent example was in 2012 , when the parliament rejected the anticounterfeiting trade agreement ( acta ) which aimed at preventing copyright infringement in both digital and real objects . 
  once again , the agreement was rejected out of concern for civil liberties . 
  this time , the proposed agreement was shelved . '', 
  ... `` parliament on ttip the negotiations with the u.s. are on-going and it is still far from clear what the final content of the agreement will be . 
  members of the european parliament will carefully make up their minds when the final text will be on the table . 
  meanwhile , they closely monitor the negotiations , as they have done since the beginning . 
  in may 2013 , with a resolution on eu trade and investment negotiations with the united states , the parliament gave its assent to start trade talks with the u.s. 
  the resolution , approved with an overwhelming majority ( 460 votes in favour , 105 against and 28 abstentions ) , included wording to remind negotiators of their duty to keep the parliament fully informed in a timely manner . 
  following the green light from parliament , the transatlantic trade and investment partnership talks were launched in june 2013 . 
  eighteen months into the negotiations , members of the european parliament committee on international trade have decided to assess the progress made in the trade negotiations between the eu and the u. s. in a resolution to be put to the vote during the 1st semester of 2015 . 
  the resolution is intended to review the state of play following the inauguration of the new european commission in november 2014 and the u.s. mid-term elections . 
  mr bernd lange , the parliament 's standing rapporteur on the ttip and chairman of the inta committee , is leading the discussions on the draft resolution . 
  in view of preparing the parliament 's new resolution , a first debate based on a working document by mr lange , took place in january 2015 in the committee on international trade . 
  members stressed , among others , the need for more democratic and transparent negotiations . 
  indeed , many critical voices in the public debate have shown the need for the negotiations to be conducted in a more transparent and inclusive manner , taking into considerations concerns expressed by civil society . '', 
  ttip is not a ` new law ' , it is an international trade agreement . 
  democracies do not discuss in public/parliament the exact content of an international trade agreement ( or any agreement for that matter ) before such an agreement is finalized . 
  after the ending of the negotiations , the agreement is discussed and voted ( for or against ) in parliament . 
  you are right , nobody releases a text that is being negotiated before reaching an agreement . 
  people should understand that making the details of negotiations public can seriously undermine them . 
  moreover , the eu negotiators are negotiating based on a mandate that has been given to them by the democratically elected governments of the 28 eu member states . 
  these directives have been made public and are available here http://data.consilium.europa.eu/doc/document/st-11103-2013-dcl-1/en/pdf the european parliament , again democratically elected by the european citizens will be able to review and vote for the agreement . 
  if they wo n't vote in favor , there wo n't be any agreement . 
  there are several other regions with oil reserves than the ploiesti area . 
  however , it 's the gas reserves which make the difference here . 
  romania can provide for its own gas and since last april stopped imports of russian gas , which were anyway less than 10 % of consumption . 
  for electricity as well , most of the time romania covers its full needs , even exporting some in the region . 
  or grandchildren . 
  some years ago they enlarged it to the 3rd degree ( not sure that 's the correct term ) . 
  in the wast majority of cases there does n't need to be corruption involved regarding that aspect . 
  with the exception of some ( mostly ) russians and ukrainians brought there by the soviet union after 1944 , most moldovans would have at least one grandparent who was a citizen of romania before 1944 . 
  even regarding those that were colonized there by the soviet union . 
  the moldavian soviet socialist republic had the highest or 2nd highest ( do n't remember exactly ) rate of inter-ethnic marriages ( locals with russians/ukrainians ) in the soviet union so even the russians of moldova are likely to have some moldovan grandparent or parent . 
  during ussr times , moldovans that were marrying russians were seen as reliable and were having higher chances of social and professional promotion so you got a lot of mixed couples . 
  the main problems of moldovans claiming romanians citizenship is not that they need to fake that connection but that they need to find the relevant documents to prove it and then go through the difficult process managed by the romanian authorities . 
  i would not totally exclude a diplomatic fudge like `` the status of transnistria will be determined at a later date . '', 
  but , like i said , i seriously doubt romania wound accept to have a border that is not recognized and stable . 
  it would be too dangerous as there are still russian troops there . 
  a condition to romania 's entry into nato was to recognize/accept all its current borders and have agreements with its neighbors in that sense . 
  romania would not agree to go back on that and neighbor some grey area , non-recognized state . 
  sure . 
  most of the ethnic groups there ( including moldovans/romanian speakers ) are russophiles . 
  i see almost zero chances of transnistria ever becoming part of romania . 
  transnistria does n't want it and romania does n't want it either . 
  tighina ( bender ) . 
  that 's why i said that most of it ( not all of it ) is over the dniester , which is the border of what romanians see as romanian land . 
  i would say transnistria contains 30 % romanian-speakers ; that 's not the same as romanians . 
  one needs to identify as a romanian in order to be one . 
  some of them do , especially some of the ones living in areas/villages in geographical transnistria which are controlled by chisinau . 
  i agree that they need to be protected , helped etc. . 
  i concur with most things greyko said , the situation of gagauzia makes the union even less likely . 
  they really do n't want to be part of romania , which is one of the ` problems ' but then , obviously you ca n't have an independent gagauzia , given that it 's really not viable as a state ( even less than transnistria ) . 
  so you ca n't have them in romania ( unless somehow we manage to convince them of how great we are ) and you ca n't have them outside of romania , which makes maintaining the status quo of them being inside an independent moldova even more probable . 
  yes , i see many common points between the cases of bulgaria-macedonia and romania-moldova . 
  in both cases , part of what could have been just another regions of our countries developed ( and were helped to develop ) a different identity . 
  that said , i think that the romanian identity in moldova is a bit stronger ( higher percentage ) than the bulgarian identity in macedonia . 
  that might turn true . 
  also depends on pis not doing stupid shit .
