yes , romania also gives visas to kosovars and supports their european integration , even if it 's a non-recognizer . 
  though i want kosovars to be able to travel freely in europe , it 's only last year that tens of thousands of them asked for political asylum in western europe . 
  so today 's decision is not really in line with regular eu visa policy but seems to be motivated by a wish not to let kosovo fail . 
  so it might be that eu member states accepted that in order to raise the standard of living in kosovo , a high percentage of that country 's population has to immigrate and work in the eu . 
  it might be some sort of a solution but then at least let 's not get all surprised when thousands of them will stay ( mostly ) in western europe and claim asylum . 
  i 'm not criticizing the kosovars for wanting a better life , millions of my countrymen migrated for the same reasons , just saying we in the eu should be realistic and open about what we do and what we expect . 
  it was some 3-4 years ago , some spanish shop owner pissed after he had some romanian shoplifters . 
  again , not sure why romanians would associate spain with racism . 
  i have n't heard it in romania and would be as stupid as the behavior of that shop owner . 
  france being rich is not something one hears often in romania . 
  not that it is n't true to some degree , but france would probably not be the first pick . 
  more like luxembourg , switzerland and the like . 
   it 's just that the seat of government is not in the capital now you might find this as all very ` normal ' but for most countries it is n't . 
  for the vast majority of the countries of the world the seat of government is in the capital . 
  thus , for many people the netherlands ' case is confusing . 
   not gregorian , but revised julian . 
  thanks , like i said , i was n't sure of that as i had seen different info . 
  nice one . 
  a recent opinion poll showed that romanians have a very very positive view of spain ( it might have scored first in the world ) . 
  this search might have to do with some piece of news about some shop in spain putting a sign that said they do n't accept dogs and romanians , but i 'm not sure . 
  also not sure how google scores/picks the search terms it shows . 
  probably due to their familiarity with their serbian neighbors , croatians seem to be curious why several majority orthodox countries ( greece , romania ) celebrate christmas on 25 december and not on 7 january . 
  the thing is that in 1923 several orthodox churches ( the ones of greece , bulgaria , romania , poland - yes , there is a smaller one there too - and the ones in the eastern mediterranean ) adopted the gregorian calendar ( or actually a modified julian calendar but i might be wrong here ) while others ( russia , serbia etc ) did not . 
  thus , some orthodox countries celebrate it on 25 december and other on 7 january . 
  when orthodox romanians celebrate christmas , they do n't think they celebrate catholic christmas . 
  not at all . 
  it 's just christmas for them , or orthodox christmas if you were to push and ask them about it . 
  that sounds terrible . 
  i was under the impression that france had a more solid law enforcement sector . 
  romania has less of this sort of crimes because there is much , much less drug consumption and trafficking than in france thus also much fewer gangs , thus much fewer conflicts between them . 
  so not really comparable cases . 
  but we clearly have a non-negligent murder rate , especially in the countryside , often involving poverty , conflicts over land property and alcohol . 
  yes , it 's true that their experience with and opinion of the germans is more positive than the one of the soviets . 
  but for many ( growing number as better information/education about that period comes to light ) there is also a certain degree of shame for having been allied/associated with the nazi germany , even though that was n't an alliance of choice , but especially for having participated in the holocaust , as perpetrators . 
  so all i 'm saying is that their opinion of germany being important for romania 's security has almost all to do with germany 's current role and weight ( nato country , influential , closer to us etc. ), 
  than with the unfortunate common past . 
  the main use in what concerns transfers of troops was in relation to us wars in afghanistan and iraq . 
  those wars were not exactly european driven or done mainly in the interest of european security . 
  i do n't think the us invaded afghanistan and iraq for the `` defense and advancement of european interests '' . 
  let 's be real and honest here . 
  yes , the article is over optimistic on the european efforts but also makes some good points . 
  yes , romania and hungary presented different figures for their populations in that region . 
  hungary also had a history of falsifying its census data and obtained that territory by force . 
  defending the second vienna award does n't make one look good at all , not even a hungarian from transylvania . 
  andrew moravcsik might be a bit too optimistic about europe but he has some valid points . 
  oh , i see the link does n't work . 
  will try to delete it and submit again . 
  they did . 
  they could n't really see us as slavs since we were/are not slavs . 
  in the first years of the war romania provided around 90 % of the german army 's fuel and a very high number of troops for the war in the east so while they did n't love us , there was a certain degree of respect born out of our utility . 
  that said , i do n't agree at all with r/jeniquetamere 's opinion ( very teenagery name btw ) . 
  it 's obviously good that the nazis were defeated . 
  the soviets are responsible for their crimes , that does n't make the nazis any better than they were . 
   we were on the same side in wwii and the gdr and romania had pretty good relations . 
  your second line would apply , together with germany 's central role in europe in what concerns managing russia . 
  the first line , the one above , though true , does n't really apply in this case . 
  romanians are not proud of their country 's alliance with nazi germany nor so much with the gdr ( not bc of the germans in the gdr but bc of the system and the fact that it was imposed from outside - ussr ) . 
  btw , we also had good relations with the frg - we were the only warsaw pact country to have diplomatic relations with west germany . 
  believe me , it 's not so difficult to believe that . 
  - 3 years ago we were not bordering russia , now we do . 
  the exclusive economic zone of crimea touches the romanian one ; - 2 of our direct neighbors ( moldova and ukraine ) and a neighbor across the black sea ( georgia ) have been invaded and/or have parts of their territory annexed/controlled by russia ; - russia has literally threatened to bomb us ; so tell me , if switzerland and austria would be partially occupied by a militaristic and autocratic germany , who would also occupy croatia just across the adriatic , would you not start to worry ? 
  while i see your argument/frustration i think that : - you overestimate the size and strength of the us forces in europe ; they 're not that many , quite few compared to the cold war times ; `` after the cold war , almost 90 percent of american soldiers departed . 
  today only about 5 percent of total u.s. active-duty personnel and a few hundred among thousands of u.s. nuclear weapons are deployed there . '', 
  this and more on why `` europe already assumes more than its fair share of the regional security burden . '', 
  here https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-united-states-is-riding-europes-superpower-coattails/2016/04/14/90b3dd98-0193-11e6-9203-7b8670959b88_story.html - you are too optimistic about western european countries increasing their defence spending . 
  they wo n't do it as long as they do n't feel threatened . 
  if the russian take over ukraine , then yes . 
  - west european do n't hate you , do n't be silly . 
  look at opinion polls not at , in some of them they think higher of the us than americans do . 
   moldovans would volunteer in case we 'd be attacked i 'm not sure that 's their assumption but it would be correct i think . 
  in any case , if there would be a `` threat to our national security '' , that would most likely come from russia . 
  if they come by land , it would mean moldova ( and ukraine ) would already be run over by the time they get to us . 
  if they come from the sea , moldova ca n't help as it does n't have a navy . 
  if they come from the air , moldova ca n't help either as it hardly has an airforce , with no functional fighter jets . 
  not even mentioning that they are not militarily allied with us , so we really ca n't count on their official help , and that some of them would probably be happy if the russians return/kick our ass . 
  we see them as in '' we will have to defend them in case the russians re-start the conflict there '' . 
  yes , moldova is a weak country , from many points of view . 
  but it 's there . 
  edit : in our neighborhood , if there would be a conflict where we 'll have to intervene , that will be in moldova . 
  the other neighbors are either stable ( bulgaria , hungary = nato allies , and serbia ) or we do n't have an obligation to intervene/help ( ukraine - though we help them politically , with different donations ( materials etc ) , medical help , cyber defense etc. . because their are the clear victim , out of solidarity and to stop russia from coming closer ) . 
  it works and is used in some romance languages as well , cehia in romanian , cech\u00eca in italian . 
  i salute their decision . 
  given that we are talking about a public that is n't really informed about these issues , overall , the results are not so strange . 
  the us are by far the strongest member of nato and one who showed commitment and determination to defend the central and eastern european members of nato . 
  they have troops in romania and recently built a missile defense base . 
  if push comes to shove , they are more likely to show up here with their troops . 
  people appreciate that sort of clarity and determination . 
  i think they are a bit too optimistic about the republic of moldova . 
  moldova ca n't even defend itself and is neutral so i think we should be more realistic about how much they could help . 
  i 'm surprised that the uk scores so low . 
  china ? 
  that 's a good one , some uninformed remnant from the cold war times . 
  i do n't see the irony . 
  the fact that we value our political and security alliance should also mean that we should be happy that we still need visas to travel to our allies ? 
  now you put me in a situation to defend r/europe :-) i think there is a lot of support for the us and good eu-us relations but there might also be some https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narcissism_of_small_differences and of course , some silly and badly informed opinions . 
  on canada , i would say their good rap has started to weaken over the last years , since people learned about the alberta oil sands and about the environmental damage canadian extraction companies are planing or provoking , in europe ( see the cases in romania and greece ) or outside . 
  that would not be possible , the decision is taken at eu level . 
  if visas will be imposed on canada it will be done for the whole eu ( without the uk and ireland ) . 
  i do n't think it will happen and i do n't wish it to happen but it is one of the options that is currently being considered . 
   around the baltic sea make that the ` global ocean ' .
