   something that the schengen countries have worked out between themselves and has nothing to do with the rest of the world . 
  you canadians do n't get the right to travel only in one eu country , you get the right to travel over the whole eu . 
  the fact that you get access to travel to the whole eu without a visa , and not just to france or germany , or greece etc. . means that this common travel space also has a lot to do with the rest of the world and how it treats travel conditions put by the rest of the world . 
  it 's called reciprocity . 
  canadians have the right to travel over the whole eu because canada 's name appears in an annex of an eu decision that lists all the countries whose citizens have the right to travel in the eu without a visa . 
  that annex is approved by all 28 eu member states , by unanimity . 
  in reverse , this means that this whole space ( eu ) where you have the right to travel also wants all its citizens to have the right to travel to your country without a visa . 
  what is so difficult to understand ? 
  listen , i 'm not saying that canada 's policy is illegitimate or something . 
  above , in the long message , i actually said that i 'm ok with them keeping the visas as long as they want . 
  i do n't want them to lift it because of some pressure , grudgingly etc. 
  what i 'm saying is that the rejection rate , the one they base their decision on , is their own decision as well . 
  it 's not that romania can tell to ( some of its ) citizens not to apply for canadian visas . 
  we had that under communism , the state controlling who gets out and who does n't , for good reasons we ca n't do that anymore . 
  yes canada pays people to process the visas . 
  it also gets a lot of money from the visa tax that all these applicants need to pay , including the rejected ones . 
  same in the case of the us . 
  til terenzio_collina does n't know what a puppet state is . 
   personally , i think the eu should negotiate the visa programs for the entire block it is already negotiated by the eu for the entire block ( exceptions uk and ireland ) . 
   every alien shall be presumed to be an immigrant lovely policy up there . 
  and you actually think that if you put some numbers there that actually eliminates the subjectivity of the decision ? 
  you think that 100 % of the people that are rejected visas would have overstayed their visas ? 
  com ` on . 
  yes , it makes sense to have a system in place and control migration but let 's not pretend that it 's some perfectly functioning mechanism . 
  i wrote above , i know of people who were refused visas because they had relatives in canada , the untold reasons being that they might not return to romania after the visit , but would stay in canada , helped by their relatives . 
  others are refused because they ca n't prove that they have sufficient reasons to return to romania , for example they do n't own property . 
  so if you 're young and not particularly well-off , you might be rejected . 
  why do you think more than 15 % of romanians who applied for canadian visas are rejected ? 
  i doubt they are all stupid and could n't fill the documents . 
  the decision whether someone has sufficient links to romania in order for him/her to return to the country and not stay in canada is a very , very subjective one . 
  there is no exact science to judge the intentions of someone . 
  yes , there are exceptions . 
  i think everybody should calm down . 
  romania will not veto the eu-canada deal . 
  georgi gotev is not a reliable source of information on romania , not at all , do not believe what the article says . 
  he is often sensationalist and unreliable . 
  yes , romanians are unhappy with canada and the us still requiring visas . 
  romania has been a nato member since 2004 and a eu member since 2007 , we have american bases on our territory and our soldiers die in places such as afghanistan , of which we do n't care much about , but are there out of solidarity with our allies - remember 9/11 and the us request under nato article 5 . 
  so our soldiers can die together in faraway places but they ca n't visit each other without visas , at least not romanians going to us/canada . 
  no , the visas policy is not this very technical and objective thing that many canadians and americans claim it to be . 
  the visa decision on romania is in great part motivated by the visa refusal rates for romanians . 
  guess who decides how many applications it wants to refuse ? 
  canadian/american bureaucrats take that decision . 
  so they can increase or decrease that rate of refusal as much as they want , depending if they want those visas to be lifted or not . 
  i know of romanians that were refused a visa for no apparent reason or some for having a relative living in the us , the american authorities being afraid that they wo n't return to romania . 
  so basically if you have a relative in us/canada you ca n't even properly visit them . 
  so this is not just a technical thing but also a very political one . 
  whatever you might think about this piece of ` news ' and it is most probably not correctly relayed by the journalist , this sort of unofficial warning could be part of the political game i.e. 
  ` stop ignoring us and treat this issue with the attention it deserves ' . 
  4 . each european country decides to whom it gives visas to but the overall policy , if the citizens of a country need visa or not in order to travel to the eu , is established at the european level , by the 28 eu member states , by unanimity . 
  moreover , the eu has a reciprocity clause , meaning that countries that impose visas to eu citizens will also have eu visas imposed on them . 
  this is the issue now . 
  the eu has been postponing this decision for more than 10 years ( e.g. 
  poland , which also needs us visas is an eu member since 2004 ) , waiting for canada and the us to adapt their policies and wave visas on all eu citizens . 
  this has n't happened yet and a deadline the eu had imposed on itself two years ago has just expired , thus a decision needs to be taken - if to impose visas on the us and canada or how else to deal with this . 
  so the ue and canada work with different systems . 
  canada deals with each eu country independently , whereas the eu negotiates agreements on visas for ( almost ) all its members . 
  5 . romania and canada have very good relations . 
  they are allies in nato , there is a very well integrated romanian-origin community in canada . 
  canadian regions actually still have active campaigns in romania to convince people to migrate to canada ( yes ) . 
  the canadian air force was training together with the romanian one just this week , in romania so canada was showing the necessary solidarity in these difficult times in eastern europe . 
  so there are a lot of reasons why romania wants to maintain good relations with canada . 
  that does n't mean it 's happy with everything canada does ( or does n't ) . 
  i personally do n't care about this issue and would n't want canada to lift its visas because of other issues , or grudgingly . 
  i am also sure they wo n't do it because of some non-official crappy threat . 
  i think romanians should calm down and properly asses why those countries still have visas for romanians but canadians/americans should also stop acting all silver knightly here and check a bit their assumptions about the objectivity and political wisdom of their visa policies . 
  international politics is the art of compromise . 
  we have waited and compromised for more than a decade by queuing for hours and hours in front of your consulates , answering to humiliating questions , in order to receive the honor of being allowed to spend our money or to study or to work in your countries . 
  make a step in the right direction . 
  edit : this is the language used by the romanian mfa yesterday : `` in the wider context of the shared goal of signing and ratifying the strategic partnership agreement and the comprehensive economic and trade agreement ( ceta ) romania feels that maintaining the canadian visa regime for romanian citizens puts them at an evident , unjustified disadvantage to the other european citizens . 
  the current situation bars romanian citizens from newly-created economic and trade opportunities . '', 
  source here http://www.mae.ro/en/node/36659 so they do n't talk about veto-ing the deal but call it 's signing and ratification a `` shared goal '' . 
  romania also says that if canada will maintain its visa policy , romania would have less to benefit from the trade deal than other european countries for the simple reasons that it 's citizens/business people wo n't be able to travel as easily to canada and bucharest is clearly not happy about that . 
  i do n't think they have extreme or illegitimate expectations . 
  that 's quite ironic . 
  canadian official refuse to give visas to romanians but somehow romania is to blame for that high refusal rate . 
  same for the us . 
  not defending here any romanian veto of the trade agreement . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  the article is sensationalist and badly researched . 
  but the issue is not as technical as canada wants to present it . 
  it is also very much a political issue . 
  and this sorts of non-official warnings are part of the political game . 
  what ? 
  why is it good that we are `` fucking '' with the canadians ? 
  you know who was training with our airforce this week in dobrogea ? 
  the canadian air force . 
  and they were not doing it because canada is threatened . 
  relax and read user/cmatei 's comment bellow . 
  `` cmatei [ score hidden ] 13 minutes ago oh , it 's georgi gotev again , getting his stories from `` government official who asked not to be named '' . 
  you can safely ignore anything he writes about romania . 
  romania wo n't veto anything over the visa thing , or even threaten to veto . 
  i did n't check , but i 'm willing to bet this is the only source for the claim . '', 
  yes , each country issues visas but the visa policy , who needs a visa and who does n't , it 's established at european level . 
  honestly , such statements only show your ignorance , about your country and about people in general . 
  grow up , travel and stop making ridiculous generalizations based on some skewered reading of the five o'clock news . 
   most of our tax money goes to shitty regions really ? 
  `` shitty regions '' ? 
  what , are you five ? 
  ok , i was referring to your title : `` envoys ... '' which gives the impression that diplomats from nato countries have n't talked with the russia ones since then .
