  about similar movements , here is one , not as influential europe-wide but influential in some countries and baring some similarities in terms of promoting people from the movement and so forth . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opus_dei but maybe there are other ( italians ? ), 
  here who could say more about it . 
  i 'm not talking about da vinci code crap but serious insights about their influence and practice . 
  you surely meant pedology . 
  i protest !, 
  buy in advance only if you travel long distances , on busy routes and you want to reserve a couchette or a sleeping berth ; those tend to get booked on some routes or during particular periods ( students traveling to the big cities etc ) . 
  otherwise there is no need to buy in advance . 
  you can buy it at the train station , at a cfr agency or online here https://bilete.cfrcalatori.ro/vanzare/, 
  the lighter ones , yes , but the tougher ones ( financial sector , arms industry ) only after mh17 . 
  eu leaders moved to place those tougher sanctions because of the pressure caused by the downing of mh17 . 
  along your argument [ other traditional costumes from the muslim world ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-yqvx9q4wmua/v6xzdwirohi/aaaaaaaaoui/r8jvmaizqwsjodeyp_s-htl1mhc-l69jw/w960-h638/%2522this%2bis%2bnot%2bour%2btraditional%2bdress.%2522.jpg ), 
  sure , i am very much in favour of western european companies investing in romania . 
  by all means , buy land in romania if you think it will get a good return ( it probably would ) . 
  all i was saying is that some of these companies , in the logging business , do not respect the law ( or romania and of their countries of origin ) and engage in corrupt practices taking part in/leading to a very important deforestation of romania . 
  the corrupt practices of a big austrian company have made all the headlines and they are really not the only ones . 
  schweighofer at the center of the illegal deforestation scandal in romania http://www.riseproject.ro/investigation/schweighofer-in-the-center-of-illegal-deforestation-scandal-in-romania/ illegal logging was even declared a threat to national security https://www.occrp.org/en/daily/4787-romania-illegal-logging-declared-a-threat-to-national-security so happy to have foreign investment , but of the type that respects the law . 
  i know about the problem of begging by romanian citizens in sweden . 
  i think both governments handled it poorly . 
  ours by not giving to it enough attention and resources and honestly yours by allowing it to happen . 
  how many jobs in sweden have been taken by romanians i.e. 
  jobs swedes would actually take ? 
  i was n't accusing ikea , there are much worse companies on this issue . 
  about interdependence . 
  most of moldova 's ( heavier ) industry is in transnistria . 
  about 80 % if not more of moldova 's electricity imports comes from transnistria ; the russian pipelines carrying the russian gas ( 95 % + of the market ) also pass through transnistria . 
  on the other hand , smth like 75 % + of transnistria 's exports go to the west ( to moldova , romania and further west ) . 
  indeed . 
  only thing which would be a little bit off is that 20 years ago the russians might not have afforded to organize two military exercises in the same month . 
  there are way more reasons why they say the truth than the other way around . 
  good one :-) but we would never do such a thing . 
  hungarians are our neighbors , and despite them always being difficult :-p there are much more things that unite us than divide us . 
  on a more serious note , besides the not-to-be-ignored fact that there are no american nukes being sent to romania , even if there were , they will be kept under american control and only shared with the host nation ( romania in this case ) in case of a '' general '' ( read world ) war . 
  in that case , hungary will be on our ( and us ' ) side , as a nato ally . 
  for even more , they were claiming the site is against them even 6 years ago , when the plans were announced . 
  not implying that it 's ( only ) them to blame . 
  obviously romanians have the biggest guilt in this . 
  just saying that some western companies are also supporting/feeding a culture of corruption so they have some responsibility regarding what 's going on . 
  buyers of furniture made from illegally logged wood also have a responsibility , be they romanian or western european . 
  romania has wild forests and , by european standards , a lot of big fauna . 
  but unfortunately , the forests are being cut rapidly , in many cases by western european companies . 
  i wrote this below a similar link posted here which was removed for duplication . 
  before you upvote this , please bear in mind that the piece of news is most likely not true . 
  the romanian government has strongly denied the information , romania is not part of the nato nuclear sharing policy , there has been no internal debate on this highly sensitive issue and the president and government would n't risk such a move without having a public debate first given that public opinion would be against such a move . 
  then , romania does n't have the infrastructure necessary to host those weapons , the airbase mentioned ( deveselu ) does n't even have a runway anymore as part of the nato missile base was built on top of the old runway , so it 's absolutely clear that it 's highly unlikely that any nuclear weapons would be moved there . 
  then , the us is trying to improve relations with turkey ; taking those weapons out of turkey would worsen relations . 
  to add another reasons , the author of the euractiv piece is known to have published non-verified speculations in the past , though with this one , he really crossed the line . 
  so no , this is not legit . 
  i would add that such a move would go against the 1997 nato-russia founding act where allies said that `` the member states of nato reiterate that they have no intention , no plan and no reason to deploy nuclear weapons on the territory of new members , nor any need to change any aspect of nato 's nuclear posture or nuclear policy - and do not foresee any future need to do so . 
  this subsumes the fact that nato has decided that it has no intention , no plan , and no reason to establish nuclear weapon storage sites on the territory of those members , whether through the construction of new nuclear storage facilities or the adaptation of old nuclear storage facilities . 
  nuclear storage sites are understood to be facilities specifically designed for the stationing of nuclear weapons , and include all types of hardened above or below ground facilities ( storage bunkers or vaults ) designed for storing nuclear weapons . '', 
  but the story is already being used by pro-kremlin groups to argue that romania 's deveselu base has an offensive use against russia and that the us is moving nuclear weapons there . 
  see story here http://katehon.com/node/38323, 
  before you upvote this , please bear in mind that the piece of news is most likely not true . 
  the romanian government has strongly denied the information , romania is not part of the nato nuclear sharing policy , there has been no internal debate on this highly sensitive issue and the president and government would n't risk such a move without having a public debate first given that public opinion would be against such a move . 
  then , romania does n't have the infrastructure necessary to host those weapons , the airbase mentioned ( deveselu ) does n't even have a runway anymore as part of the nato missile shield base was built on top of the old runway , so it 's absolutely clear that it 's highly unlikely that any nuclear weapons would be moved there . 
  then , the us is trying to improve relations with turkey ; taking those weapons out of turkey would worsen relations . 
  to add another reasons , the author of the euractiv piece is known to have published non-verified speculations in the past , though with this one , he really crossed the line . 
  so no , this is not legit . 
  worse . 
  their starting point was also worse . 
   even if soviets generously bypassed romania on their advance i do n't see absolutely any scenario in which this could have happened . 
  no way . 
  we were fucked the moment it was clear that russia is winning in the east and the allies debarked where they debarked i.e. 
  too much west for our interests . 
  well , maybe if we would have had nuclear weapons and would have dropped one somewhere in russia , but i 'm talking about credible scenarios . 
  ouch !, 
  truth is , during his time in power more people got electricity ( electrification ) but at the same time in the '80s the whole country also got a lot of power cuts . 
  there was significantly less education about the holocaust in gdr than in west germany . 
  might be one of the reasons why today neo-fascists are more present in east germany . 
  somehow similar case in romania . 
  there was only one book about romania 's participation in the holocaust which appeared in 1947 . 
  communism arrived later that year , the book disappeared from circulation and there was no information/education about romania 's active participation in the holocaust for the next 40 + years of the communist regime . 
  and then we are surprised that the less educated believe in holocaust denial and other crappy conspiracies . 
  also romania https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_bessarabia_and_northern_bukovina, 
  it applies for other places as well , but bucharest was certainly not liberated by '' soviet troops from fascist invaders '' . 
  the fascist were not invaders , romania was in an alliance with nazi germany ( a very bad thing in itself but i 'll try to limit myself to facts ) . 
  on 23 august 1944 , king michael , together with conspirators from the country 's main parties , including the communists , organized a coup against marshal antonescu , the military dictator who was running the country , and switched allegiance from nazi germany to the allies . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_michael%27s_coup 3 . 
  the coup took place as a result of germany + romania + the other nazi allies losing the war , but when the coup took place , the front line was in moldova , about a hundred km ne from bucharest . 
  it was the romanian troops which fought the german ones ( their former allies ) in and around bucharest , not the soviet ones . 
  so i fail to see how bucharest was liberated by the soviets . 
  i 'm not even talking about what came afterwards , after the '' liberation '' . 
  yes , and we still feel the consequences . 
  you are much too optimistic . 
  have no illusions , romania would have been occupied by the soviets anyway , with or without the crossing of the dniester ( which was a mistake of course ) . 
  other cee countries that did n't invade the ussr got occupied and communist regimes were imposed there . 
  there is absolutely no reason to believe that stalin was somehow fair . 
  we did n't fall under soviet control because we had joined the wermarcht in its war in the east , we did because the soviet union could impose it , it had the army and it grabbed as much land/countries as it could . 
  if it were n't for the western allies to occupy western germany , parts of austria etc , those lands would have been turned communist as well . 
  and ctudor gave you just a very short summary of the amount of crap this guy pulled in order to block this . 
  i 'm afraid it goes west to east . 
  your zu guttenberg needed several days to resign , the former hungarian president p\u00e1l schmitt needed several weeks to resign , our crappy pm ponta did n't even resign because of this and merely lost the phd after efforts going over several years to put these things in their right place . 
  here is a link to an obituary in english , in case you would be interested to know more about her and the romanian royal family . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/obituaries/2016/08/01/queen-anne-of-romania--obituary/ regarding all the controversy here about the romanian monarchy , i am a republican myself but i respect people that deserve respect , and she does , and i also respect the history of my country . 
  of course it could n't . 
  some romanians hold totally unrealistic views about what could and could n't have been done . 
  organizing the 23 august 1944 coup and joining the allies was a desperate move which saved tens if not hundreds of thousands of romanian lives and spared the country of massive material destruction . 
  soviet occupation and communism would have arrived with or without that coup . 
  i would just add that the two categories you described do not necessarily exclude each other ; the two sets of reasons rather complement each other .
