  i assume he is blessing the icon with holy water and uses that object to reach further . 
  using that roller , or whatever it 's called , is a new thing in the romanian orthodox church , a very stupid and ridiculous new thing . 
  the problem is that many news agencies/newspapers cover moldova from their moscow offices/correspondents so thus you get a lot of russified names in articles about moldova . 
   minimized the damage ? 
  look at ukraine or belarus in ww2 . 
  that would have been romania if somehow we would have been allied with the soviet union . 
  we would have been utterly destroyed and yes , bessarabia would still have been lost to the soviets . 
  i am certainly not proud of our alliance with nazi germany and i do n't think that we came out well from the war , nobody did ( well , maybe the americans from some point of view ) but i think you underestimate the material and human destruction that would have been unleashed on the country if we would have been invaded by nazi germany . 
  think of all the pretty cities we have in transylvania and imagine how it would be if they would exist only in their soviet brutalist incarnation , with almost no old buildings standing . 
  think how romanians would have been probably classified as some inferior race by hitler 's acolytes , with all that would have entailed . 
  or only think of the jews of romania , they were the 2nd biggest group of jews to survive the war in europe ( after those in the soviet union ) , some 350,000 people . 
  if we would have been allied with the soviet union and occupied by nazi germany , it 's very likely that a big part of those people would have been killed , like those of poland , ukraine and so forth . 
  some trivia from me - the romanian 81st general grigore balan mechanized brigade is one of the most modern the ro army has . 
  the guys are quite experienced , many of them have been deployed in peacekeeping missions e.g. 
  in angola , the balkans and in the hotter afghanistan and iraq . 
  - bistri\u021ba , the city were their hq is garrisoned , was founded by and used to be a german speaking city ( bistritz in german ) . 
  the transylvanian saxons had settled there in 1206 and lived there until around 1944 , when most of them retreated with the german army . 
  the name of transylvania , the region were bistri\u021ba is located , in german is siebenb\u00fcrgen , meaning `` seven fortresses '' , and bistri\u021ba was one of those seven fortresses . 
  fuck , it 's been 13 years now . 
  we have a lot of those ` commie ' ones , so there is n't a strong incentive to replace them . 
  there were other more important priorities in terms of defence acquisitions . 
  in the first two years of the war , romania provided around 90 % of the oil used by the wehrmacht . 
  though i 'm in my 30s i can not help myself from chuckling every time i hear about your city . 
  :-) seriously now , it looks great and i would love to visit it . 
   defensive wars in other countries soil better to wage them on other countries ' soil than on our own . 
  `` i get that there are licensing issues etc. , but clearly they are surmountable our else you would not have any retailers in those countries . '', 
  yes , of course you can get a license but i doubt that you can make a profitable business by buying let 's say lidl products from germany and selling them in the czech republic , which has its own lidl supermarkets . 
  supermarkets are profitable because of their size , because they make very big orders with producers so they obtain low prices . 
  they are big businesses that can afford to invest in big commercial spaces and supply networks . 
  a guy with a truck carrying supermarket good from one country to another will most likely fail or have a very , very limited impact by selling stuff in a street corner shop . 
   why would the german stores impose limits ? 
  it 's in their best interest to sell their products . 
  yes , they are interested to sell them , but less if this means that their regular , local customers get annoyed because they ca n't find their regular products on the shelfs and if this undercuts they own stores in the cee market . 
  you can just buy stuff and start selling it . 
  you need to be registered as a company , pay taxes , you need to have trucks , a big commercial space to do that . 
  it would also be almost impossible to make a profit as you wo n't buy from a producer . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  and this would need to be done at a very large scale . 
  soon the german stores would impose limits on how much of a certain product you can buy ( it 's already happens in some place , for some products ) , so that would be the end of it . 
  it 's not like they would just stay and look . 
  your proposal is not realistic . 
  i do n't think anybody is blaming the eu at this point . 
  the idea is that this is a single market issue , so there is an expectation for the eu-level to be involved . 
  otherwise , you 'll soon get national governments in cee putting pressure on the western european supermarket chains ( in many countries they control 90 % + of the supermarket market ) , then the eu saying that this does n't respect eu legislation as it impedes the free movement of goods etc. . we are in a single market , a lot of the legislation pertaining to this situation is an eu level one , that 's where things need to change in order to deal with this situation . 
  doing it at the local level would just fragment the eu and give more opportunities to populists to present this in an anti-eu , anti-western way . 
  she is pretty much the only yodel singer in romania . 
  i 've never heard a romanian yodel song before their eurovision piece . 
   misinformation what misinformation ? 
  have you mentioned in your first comment that kaspersky has exposed russian `` government-sponsored cyber-espionage and sabotage efforts '' ? 
  you have not so i was drawing attention to that fact and that they do tend to find other country 's cyber tools but they have n't , not to my knowledge , exposed the activity of russian government-sponsored hacking . 
  does the kaspersky article you link to accuse the russian government of using malware ? 
  it does not , it just says `` while many researchers suspect a russian actor is behind be2 , judging by their tracked activities and the victim profiles , it 's still unclear whose interests they represent '' and then puts russia at the top of the list of `` be2 targets and victims '' . 
  so what exactly are you trying to argue ? 
  that kaspersky could expose the illicit activity of russian government hackers and continue to work in russia ? 
   kaspersky also exposed a series of us , uk , israeli and chinese government-sponsored cyber-espionage and sabotage efforts : now what country is missing from that list ? 
  a clue , it starts with r and ends in ` ussia ' . 
  you are right on the first issue , the eu should try not to antagonize these pro-eu brits . 
  i think what annoys many of us continentals is this sense of surprise that brexit has consequences . 
  i mean honestly , the fact that after leaving the eu you wo n't be able to work for the eu institutions was very clear 1 year before the brexit referendum , 5 years before the referendum , 20 years before the referendum . 
  it 's a bit like breaking off from your partner and then being upset that you ca n't continue to play with his/her dog . 
  yes , a part of you did n't want to break the relationship but you still did it so you should n't be surprised that the dog is now off limits . 
  i understand her being annoyed by it , i understand how this changes her plans and i have a lot of sympathy for her . 
  i also graduated from one of those two universities and i work in the eu bubble in brussels , an environment which will be poorer without its educated and pro-european brits . 
  what i have less sympathy for is this sense of surprise and the fact that the frustration is directed against the eu / the french ( ' i would have to live two years in france ' etc ) . 
  neither the eu , nor the french were the cause of this . 
  all of the other 27 eu member states have repeatedly told the uk to stay in and have bent quite a lot backwards over the years to accommodate uk 's requests , including the ones made by cameron before the referendum . 
  and yes , breaking off from this relationship has left many europeans quite upset towards the uk . 
  being an eu member was not just some sort of commercial contract that you can modify or renounce whenever you want . 
  leaving the eu means much more than that . 
  the map is inconsistent . 
  italian is shown as italiano , french as francais but romanian gets the full `` the romanian language '' ( limba rom\u00e2n\u0103 ) . 
  if he wanted to be consistent he could have just written rom\u00e2n\u0103 . 
   the phrase is wildly used . 
  the phrase is also used in romania , with the reference to the same book . 
  `` the other 10 % is in languages such as german , hungarian , greek , turkish or cyrillic . '', 
  language . 
   not even the turks managed to defeat him https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_valea_alb%c4%83 and there are some others . 
  between 4 and 5 times poorer . 
  [ comparison of gdp per capita , ppp , world bank data ] ( https://www.google.be/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_pp_cd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:mda:rom&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ), 
  about the re-latinization yes , there was a re-latinization of the language , which i also mentioned , but this was not done in the way you mentioned it , `` artificially replace a lot of slavic words with latin words in romanian '' . 
  there was no organized process to tell people not to use some slavic words and to replace them with latin ones . 
  that 's what i would understand through an artificial replacement of the words . 
  what happened is that some words ( some slavic , some of other origin ) fell out of use , and that most of the new words adopted into the language , that had to do with the modernity which was arriving in romania , were loaned & adapted from french and italian . 
  some of the words that fell out of use depicted jobs or objects present in a pre-modern society and that slowly disappeared . 
  all of the words mentioned in the first link ( greek and turkish ) as still part of the language and are still used in some situations , though not very often . 
  even that fragment you provide says that `` the slavic part of the lexis , of earlier entry and more deeply anchored into the language , survived relatively unscathed . '', 
  your second link talks about the opinion and attempt of an intellectual who wanted to make that replacement . 
  it does n't mean he succeeded to do much . 
  there were others who even in the xviii century wanted to keep only the latin words in the language and replace all the non-latin words and they came up with some ridiculous replacements that never caught on . 
  a language is a living organism that changes slowly and it 's very difficult to impose new words on people . 
  `` nowadays most of them speak russian and much less gagauz , their `` native '' language . 
  really ? 
  well , at least their gagauz identity is intact though . '', 
  yes , most schools in gagauzia teach in russian , not in gagauz . 
  gagauz is still used but most communication , school education , official work , advertisement etc. 
  is done in russian . 
  and yes , most do maintain a gagauz identity , though with the reduced use of the language , this is also slowly weakening/transforming . 
  being part of the russkiy mir ( russian world ) , is part of this identity . 
  i know but that still does n't cover for the difference in my view . 
  i maintain my doubts and wo n't believe it until i see the statistics .
