   history shows that these people are just as greek as the rest of us `` in greece , the national identity of most aromanians takes place without a doubt through modern hellenism . 
  from the perspective of the greek aromanians all monolingual populations which only speak greek belong to the greeks ( gre\u0163 ) , while the vlach - , slav - and albanian-speaking people can also belong to the hellenes ( elini , in greek ellines ) . 
  thus , the two terms greek and hellenic cause problems . 
  while almost every aromanian considers himself to be hellene ( ellinas , fem . 
  ellines ) when speaking greek , he would not consider himself greek ( grecu , fem . 
  gre\u0163 ) when speaking aromanian . 
  to demonstrate this fact , let me quote maria k. from kleisoura . 
  `` of course i am proud to be vlach , but i am much prouder to be hellene '' were her first comments when speaking about the vlachs in greece . 
  only a few minutes later , when we switched over to aromanian , she told me about her daughter `` you can \u00b4 t imagine my shock when our daughter wanted to marry a greek !, 
  who wants to marry their own children to the greeks ? '' . 
  [ 36 ] to be a hellene does not mean automatically to be greek . 
  further problems are provoked if a language is used that does not differentiate between greek and hellene . '', 
  well , there you are , exactly proving my point . 
  the attitude and policies of the greek state and majority towards the historical ethnic minorities living in greece is just a sad joke . 
  the aromanians have a different ethnicity and speak a language that is even from a different language family than greek . 
  the fact that some of them got/were hellenized so they now claim to be greek does n't make aromanians of the same ethnicity as greeks . 
  it is honestly quite sad and pathetic how you guys can be so sensitive about protecting your identity and historical heritage , for example on the macedonia-name issue , where i have a lot of sympathy with the greek position , while at the same time being ignorant bullies about the existence and identity of the other ethnic groups living in your country . 
  and greece 's policies towards its ethnic minorities had a big part to play in that . 
  you certainly are not . 
  article and video ( in french ) explaining the details in the photo . 
   that convergence will take an excessively long time i understand the points as you relay them . 
  to make some comments about them . 
  since around 2000 romania has generally registered faster growth rates than western european countries so convergence is taking place ; so far this year , romania has the fastest growth rate in the eu . 
  the country is still the second poorest member in the union , but parts of it already show that things can be different e.g. 
  the bucharest region has a higher gdp/capita than the eu average and western romania regions have overtaken eastern hungary ones ; this year romania has overtaken greece to become the biggest economy in se europe/balkans and in 1-2 years is also likely to overtake croatia in gdp/capita . 
  moving the country to a 2nd tier eu that will receive less or no cohesion funds would certainly not make convergence happen any faster . 
  if that would happen then , the other part of the deal , i.e. 
  free movement of goods , would also need to be discussed . 
  to give you an example , german supermarket chains already control more than 50 % of the romanian supermarket market ; if romania would cease to receive cohesion funds , i do n't expect that to remain untouched . 
   yearned for deep political integration essentially between founding members . 
  i do n't think that deep integration does n't happen because of romania . 
  the 1st eu enlargement wave took place in 1973 . 
  actually one of the countries that joined then was the biggest opponent of the deepening of the union . 
  romania has not opposed deeper european integration , to the contrary , it has joined almost every format it made sense and could join . 
  for a recent example , romania is one of the member states which supports the creation of the european public prosecutor 's office . 
  and then , talking about deep political integration , do founding members actually want to do that ? 
  i hear these days enough sovereignist discourse from france and refusals to mutualise dept from germany to understand that deep political integration is not actually on the cards played these days by the leaders of the founding members . 
  no offense taken but can you enlarge on that , why you think many western europeans see romania as a reason to want a two-tier eu ? 
  and how the two-tier eu would solve the problem of romania/problem of romania being a part of the eu ? 
  thanks . 
  lucky poroshenko that he has other businesses to fall back to at the end of his mandate . 
   which is the reason the ee countries ca n't meet their quotas poland and other cee countries do n't want to meet their quotas . 
  see the numbers at the link i provided above . 
  that 's correct for those willing to make the effort . 
  even after they were distributed to these countries , many chose to flee to western europe . 
  i think cee countries failed to communicate these issues appropriately . 
   forced displacement of refugees . 
  i am not sure what you are implying here . 
  the refugees that are supposed to be redistributed from greece and italy to other eu member states are not forcefully displaced by the eu , they actually need to offer themselves voluntary to participate in that scheme . 
  romania opposed the redistribution of refugees and , unlike poland , also voted against it in the eu council . 
  as we all know , the countries that opposed the redistribution lost the vote , so romania started to implement what was agreed by the eu council . 
  so far it has relocated to its territory 589 refugees from greece and 45 from italy . 
  https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/press-material/docs/state_of_play_-_relocation_en.pdf the main problem why the number is not higher is that the romanian government has trouble finding people willing to relocate to romania . 
  there were cases in which people who had agreed to be relocated to romania just disappeared/fled before boarding the flight to romania . 
  so yes , romania is not a fan of the redistribution of refugees policy and has a similar attitude with the other cee member states towards the need to reinforce the eu border , but also does n't pick fights with the eu commission on this and tries to implement what was agreed in the eu council , even if it lost that vote . 
  i agree that countries that want to push for something will try to convince the other member states and that this can be seen as creating divisions and it 's also true that romania has many interests in common with poland and the other countries in the region . 
  at the same time , romania does n't really have an interest to be associated with some of the very problematic policies of kaczy\u0144ski and orban , quite the contrary . 
  given that this was their first official meeting , i do n't expect them to have decided a lot . 
  more like exchanging opinions/positions . 
  there is not a full account of the meeting , which is normal , but i saw some elements and knowing about some positions , here are some comments . 
  they talked schengen , romania wants to enter and at some point france was one of the countries blocking it , thus iohannis argued why it 's important for romania to become a member of schengen . 
  they also talked about a possible eurozone budget ; romania is not in the eurozone but wants to stay as close as possible to core-europe , while not yet adopting the euro , so it 's a bit worried about proposals to deepen integration ( such as a eurozone budget ) if it 's not part of that process ( yet ) . 
  romania does n't want to be in a second-tier europe . 
  another subject . 
  on the ` posted workers ' issue their positions differ but in the end i think the western european position has better arguments so normally a compromise should be reached if everybody is constructive - but it will take a while . 
  then i guess it was also an occasion for iohannis to show that he is not like the leaders of poland and hungary and for macron to show that his criticism does not extend to the whole of central and eastern europe . 
  if macron wants to be tough with poland and hungary , it helps to have friendly countries in the cee region , you do n't want to ` pick a fight ' with a whole region of europe . 
  romania is generally a country close to france , has been for a long time , there is significant french investment in romania , so both have an interest for that to continue . 
  maybe iohannis also told him that they should be careful not to weaken nato with the proposals for more european defence cooperation and probably told him how his meeting with trump went . 
  i know less about what macron ( might have ) told him . 
  we were . 
  :-) seriously now , i hope one day georgia joins the eu , for all the right reasons . 
  have a good week-end !, 
  i was implying that georgia should be admitted to the eu . 
  the best dracula movie i 've seen . 
  ok . not countering what you say , but i see that the dex says its etymology is unknown . 
  i 'm not a linguist so i have no idea . 
  meh , there are some serious limitations to this ranking . 
  romania is put in the hard-core group but the only thing it will be hard-core about will be the freedom of movement of people - access to the common market issue ( ` cherry picking four eu freedoms ' ) . 
  mehh , we do n't care about such trivial and frivolous issues like innovation ( like the ranking shows ) . 
  try beating us at something we care about . 
  also moldova and ukraine . 
  maybe georgia as well . 
  or we ask these people to change their methodology and/or ranking and colours . 
  anything that does n't involve investing more in research and innovation . 
  that 's a different bug , actually a damaging one . 
  where were our latin brothers when the ottoman turks invaded us ? 
  there is the result , the ladybug got the ` wrong ' turkish name in romanian . 
  :-) actually for me buburuz\u0103 sounds quite nice , cute and childish in romanian , brings a good feeling . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't think they are in such a bad/weak situation . 
  my assumption is that this is about complementing the bulgarian air force & showing a more convincing nato air force to the russians , part of the reinforcement of the nato eastern flank - but i wanted to be sure . 
  in any case , nice of you guys doing that . 
  probably also good to add smth a bit different to the experience of the italian pilots . 
  it seems to spread boys at exeter academy wear skirts in uniform protest http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-devon-40364632, 
  - will bulgaria still fly air policing missions i.e. 
  do these italian fighters just complement/reinforce the bulgarian air force flights or will they be the only ones doing air policing over bulgaria ? 
  - the article mentions mig-21s . 
  does bulgaria still use them ? 
  wikipedia says otherwise .
