  in the 80s , ceausescu started to slowly reinstate marshall antonescu ( as he was a nationalist dictator like him ) so these two big ` arguments ' against the king started to merge/complement each other . 
  yes , you are right . 
  legally , politically etc. , romania is not a monarchy anymore and there is no legal framework regarding the royal house . 
  but there is a draft law to recognize them as ` legal entity of public utility ' and fund their activity from the budget but it 's not clear if this will pass . 
  king michael is the one that is most respected , but he is also very old and ill . 
  if he dies soon , which is likely , support for the royal house will decrease significantly as his daughter , princess margareta of romania , is far from having his stature . 
  we 'll get our first f-16s this september ( not adapted to use nuclear bombs but i guess that can be changed ) . 
  anyway , they wo n't move those nukes here , if any . 
  my bet is they will remain there . 
  only the current polish government might want them , most of the other cee countries do n't want nuclear weapons . 
  we/they would be happy to get us/nato conventional forces . 
  this was savage . 
  garlic is actually one of the most smuggled agri products , though in this case it might have more to do with what user ` source-direct ' was saying . 
  see here this story about two brits being arrested for it . 
  ` who , what , why : why do criminals smuggle garlic ? ', 
  yes , significantly bigger share of rural population than in bulgaria . 
  as you see in the article , their mandate is reached by consensus , meaning russia needs to agree with everything ; because that is how the osce works , every member has a veto . 
  if russia did n't agree with them having binoculars , do you think they agreed with them being 24/7 there ? 
  there are huge areas in the donbas , close to russia 's borders , where the russians do n't event allow the osce observers to go . 
  guess why ? 
  that is the system we have , the aggressor gets to have a say over the conditions in which other people can observe his aggression . 
  did spain actually ask for nato help ? 
  i know the incident but i do n't remember the nato dimension . 
  thanks . 
  the military of montenegro currently maintains a force of 1,950 active duty members . 
  using 1.63 % of the country 's gdp . 
  i hope wikipedia is wrong but i remember seeing similar figures some months ago . 
  kind of puts those 1.63 % into perspective . 
  i 'm all for positive stories about romania , and there is a positive story to tell economy-wise , most of the info on that appears to be correct , but i also have doubts about authors that regurgitate this crap : `` part of why the u.k. voted to leave the european union last month was to escape punitive taxes and regulations -- indirect taxes -- imposed by unelected officials in brussels . 
  british voters recognize the fact that policies of envy have stifled growth and innovation . '', 
  in principle i think it would be a good idea . 
  but for that to happen you need to stop the nationalistic we-are-the-descendants-of-the-ancient-macedonians crap , solve the name issue with greece and any other significant dispute you might have with them and with bulgaria , implement the reforms needed/finalize the negotiation chapters , and then sure , you are welcome . 
  and yes , romania , a country with many problems , which many think should n't have been accepted into the eu , also has a say on this . 
  old women in romania , moldova , ukraine and probably other countries around , mostly in the countryside , wear the scarf , mostly in this form . 
  all married women were suppose to wear it . 
  what do eurocrats have to do with this ? 
  the guy had received asylum in bulgaria , it was the first eu country he entered . 
  germany should have sent him back to bulgaria the moment he applied for asylum in germany . 
  they did n't because he had mental problems ( as if those mental problems would have disappeared if he stayed some more months in germany . ), 
  picking on the eu for things which are under the control of the member states is uninformed , unfair and unhelpful . 
  there are many types of reforms , some more ` reformist ' than others . 
  strange . 
  i thought i put it . 
  thanks . 
  though i am from transylvania and familiar with ( some ) hungarian names , i 've never heard about many of the first ones . 
  rik\u00e1rd\u00f3 , armand\u00f3 seem to be of latin ( o ) / spanish/italian inspiration . 
  krisztofer , dzsenifer , vanessza are adaptations from english , no ? 
  a bit strange for a nationalistic group to prefer this sort of ` foreign ' names . 
  might have to do with the level of education/social strata supporting the party ? 
  and indeed , our gypsies are also the ones with the most ` original ' names , some much , much worse than rik\u00e1rd\u00f3 or armand\u00f3 . 
  what are the traditional most - ` jobbik ' - liked names ? 
  just curious . 
  thanks . 
  sorry , ca n't help on that . 
  see more here https://www.the-newshub.com/international/an-international-court-to-try-terrorism-thats-what-romania-and-spain-want, 
  the perpetrator looks to be a 17 year old from afghanistan who came to germany as refugee . 
  you can imagine how this will affect public opinion regarding this issue . 
  you do n't need to have attacks in your country in order to be affected by terrorism . 
  terrorists also travel through romania , terrorist financing originates or moves through romania , romanian citizens are affected by terrorist attacks taken place elsewhere , romania gets to host refugees because of terrorist attacks taken place elsewhere etc. . we were also not directly affected by the somali or the angolan civil wars but we sent un-mandated peacekeeping troops there , and in many other places . 
  being a stable and richer-than-the-world-average country comes with the responsibility to try to stabilize other places and to fight the scourges affecting our planet . 
   democratic system of checks and balances i agree though there is hardly any `` democratic system of checks and balances '' in turkey . 
  i am sorry for all the democratic and liberal turks . 
  depending how bad it will be , i expect many of them to leave the country . 
  i 'm close to the council building and sometimes i go in there but that 's some serious '' getting yourself into jail '' thing so nope , nope , nope . 
  looks very interesting , thank you . 
  indeed , why learn from other peoples ' mistakes when you can just repeat them ? 
  are you aware that ulpia traiana sarmizegetusa and sarmizegetusa regia ( the one in or\u0103\u015ftiei mountains ) were two different cities , located in two different places ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarmizegetusa_regia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulpia_traiana_sarmizegetusa, 
  there are many innovative ways in which the buildings can be showed e.g. 
  transparent panels though which one can see both the ruins and the reconstruction on top of them , holographic projections which recreate the buildings on top of the ruins . 
  these are used in other places . 
  building on top of the ancient ruins was something done in the xix and first half of xxth century and is generally regretted . 
  it 's invasive , fake and destroys/covers part of the ancient ruins . 
  the colosseum and the ruins of pompeii were largely still standing . 
  the ones of ulpia traiana sarmizegetusa do not . 
  it will be clear that it 's a replica . 
  this way they can leave some doubt , and partially fake it that it 's the real thing . 
  i am getting depressed . 
  `` the project has received all the necessary approvals , and the documentation to get eu funding has also been submitted . '', 
  should n't there be some eu regulations saying clearly what you are and what you are not allowed to do ? 
  i really would have liked those buildings to have survived the centuries ( beyond the foundations ) but they have n't . 
  that is the reality . 
  there 's nothing much really standing there . 
  reconstructing them entirely on site is stupid and frankly should n't be allowed . 
  it would make the place look fake . 
  that is an ancient site , it should n't be made to look like some theme casino/circus/movie set or fun-fair . 
  the remains should be preserved and protected , not massively built on . 
  i am worried about the result as my fellow romanians seems to be more interested in having something '' spectacular '' than in thinking innovatively about other ways to present the ruins/ancient city . 
  you are right , it looks that way . 
  stupid , stupid . 
  for somebody who knows so little about these things you really should n't express yourself in so strong terms . 
  what you say is just wrong . 
  sorry but how is the title not reflecting the title or content of the link ? 
  there was an arson attack , and yes , a hateful one , because there are no neutral or friendly arson attacks . 
  i resubmitted the link only with the title of the article and i see that one is removed as well . 
  why ? 
  yes , slight . 
  is it incorrect , though ? 
  was it a friendly arson attack ? 
  almost all the gypsies living in romania are settled and they 've been settled for many decades if not hundreds of years .
