  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/45/basarabia_etnic.png the whole region of bessarabia had united with romania in 1918 , including its more ethnically-mixed areas and the reasons was not that steven the great had built citadels there but that its political leaders , representing the majority of the population , had voted as such . 
  so no , stalin was not in the right to take northern bukovina , bessarabia and the hertza region from romania . 
  it was an illegal annexation done under the threat of invasion and after stalin had reached an agreement with the other aggressor on the continent , nazi germany . 
  millions of romanians found themselves overnight in the soviet union , hundreds of thousands of them were forced to take refuge in romania , thousands were killed by the soviets and other tens of thousands deported in siberia or the central asian republics of the soviet union . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_bessarabia_and_northern_bukovina so now , in the interwar years romania was not a 100 % ethnically pure romanian state and nobody claims that . 
  almost none of the european countries were . 
  but to use that in order to justify stalin 's murderous policies and land grabs really takes some special level of moral relativism and intellectual dishonesty . 
  fuck it , even the congress of people 's deputies of the soviet union condemned and denounced the molotov -- ribbentrop pact in 1989 and even putin called it `` immoral '' but here we have user/low _ discrepancy who thinks stalin was right to do that . 
  no , no , from what i 've read they do it with platoons and individuals . 
  i do n't have time to look for it now but i 've seen several reports about people from different units being put to train and fight together while they are in ukraine . 
  after they finish their tour in ukraine , the temporary units get disassembled . 
  it has also been proven that they take a few people from different units/bases and form new units to fight in ukraine . 
  besides what you mentioned , this also has the advantage that if some guys die , they will be from different parts of russia , so there is less concentrated complaining . 
  if you would lose 20 guys from one base , that will make the news . 
  if one is from here , another one from a base 800 km away , it 's less of an impact . 
  nothing much to say really . 
  we had better , we had worse . 
  he is largely absent . 
  he also studied and worked in france . 
  he is a francophone rather than an anglophone . 
  agree . 
  i am also transylvanian and he speaks even slower than most of us . 
  this is the common norm throughout eastern europe , so your argument does n't hold . 
  it really does n't matter that much how the russian aid to transnistria comes , through cheap gas , through pensions of direct budget support . 
  sure , russia is now in trouble but i do n't have any reason to believe that it will give up on transnistria . 
  after the start of the war in ukraine , russia has expanded its passportization ( giving russian passports ) in transnistria and has also increased the number of its military exercises there . 
  of course transnistria is interested to continue to trade with the eu on good terms , its their main market , and russia can and will allow that to happen because otherwise it would need to foot the bill and it does n't want to . 
  i 'd say 78,6 % positive feelings for the netherlands is a very fair amount . 
  c'mon , it 's like 8 out of every 10 romanians have a positive feeling towards your country . 
  not even sure the dutch can match that . 
  the netherlands opposed out entry into the schengen area several times and ` your ' wonderful geert wilders said that we should be kicked out of the eu . 
  you also do n't speak a romance language and have pretty shitty weather as compared to ours . 
  so there you go , some reasons why you are not no 1 . :-), 
  with two exceptions . 
  but sure , those are mostly european countries . 
  why not have positive feelings towards them ? 
  we are . 
  this is just a list of countries drawn by some people . 
  if they would have put portugal in there it would have been in the top half . 
  `` the eu forbids suppliers from owning the transmission pipelines '' how is this relevant ? 
  neither moldova , nor ukraine are in the eu . 
  moldovagaz , the company owning the gas infrastructure in moldova is 51 % owned by gazprom . 
  pressed by russia , moldova has postponed the implementation of the 3rd energy package so the situation remains as it was , with the russians controlling the gas market both in transnistria and in the rest of moldova . 
  the suspension in russian pensions is a temporary one . 
  at the same time , russia has sent humanitarian convoys ( donbas style ) to transnistria . 
  i 'm in favour of the eu extending them commercial preferences and yes , transnistria trades with the eu more than with russia . 
  my argument is that they depend much more on russia than flavius29663 was saying . 
  and really , you compare lithuania , a country with very negative views of russia , with transnistria , a piece of land that asked repeatedly to be included in the russian federation ? 
  lithuania wanted to break from these dependencies , transnistria wants to be a part of russia . 
  i 'm all for debating this , but really , get your facts right and do n't make ridiculous comparisons . 
  `` gas imports can come from anywhere '' no , they can not , transnistria can only import gas from russia . 
  gas is imported through pipelines and transnistria 's pipelines are owned by gazprom and are connected to the ones carrying gas from russia , through ukraine . 
  they are 100 % dependent on it . 
  this gas for which they do n't pay at all or pay extremely little is also the main reason that makes their exports competitive on the european market . 
  if they would need to pay the gas at market prices a huge part of their exports to the eu would become non-competitive and their economy would collapse . 
  to give you another example , transnistria exports electricity to the rest of moldova , to ukraine , to romania . 
  it produces this electricity by burning russian gas for which it does n't pay anything . 
  for this electricity that it sells , it gets money with which it covers part of its huge budget deficit . 
  if it would not have this free russian gas it would not be able to earn as much from selling electricity . 
  19 % of exports is a huge percentage , i do n't understand how you do n't see that , especially , when you have an unreformed economy like transnistria . 
  just think that even with the free gas aid their budget deficit is around 40 % http://bani.md/expertii-prognozeaza-un-deficit-bugetar-major-in-transnistria-enorma-gaura-bugetara-este-o-problema-constanta-pentru-regiune/ russia provides free gas , direct budget support and pays a top-up for all the pensions there . 
  if russia cuts this aid , transnistria dies economically . 
  this way you can understand better one of the reasons why they are so pro-russian . 
  in romania we also have both of them , saint nicholas ( mos nicolae ) on 6 december ( if i 'm not wrong ) and santa klaus ( mos craciun ) on 24/25 december . 
  they are both supposed to bring presents to the well-behaved kids . 
  `` transnistria has almost no economic connection to russia '' that is not true . 
  russia is their main source of imports , it 's their only supplier of gas , it 's their second largest export market after the eu and russian businessmen own a lot of the economy there . 
  believe me , russia and nato think it is big news . 
  almost fully true but do n't underestimate the power of the russian propaganda . 
  these people are watching russian tv , they get the same sort of `` news '' the other russians are getting . 
  not long time ago their representative in the parliament made some critical statement about nato . 
  that does n't make the russian minority in romania russia 's 5th column , mostly live in rural areas and are not politicized . 
  all i 'm saying is not to underestimate the influence of the russian propaganda and do n't assume everybody things the same just because there are no trouble with them . 
  same for romania . 
  while i agree they tend to be less nationalistic , i do n't know , let 's see it happening first . 
  norway got its independence only in 1905 , i 'm not sure how eager they would be to give away land . 
  i will be happy to be proven wrong . 
  we should cherish our common balkan heritage . 
  :-) o a more serious note , the word come from proto-slavic so we took it from our slavic neighbors . 
  the romanian male counterpart , pula , comes from latin . 
  while i agree that it would be a very nice gesture , it will be very difficult to make it happen . 
  you will need huge support in norway for that to happen . 
   lesson i do n't think the germans put this at the level of wwii , if that is what you 're referring to . 
  but why , such an interesting conversation could develop ... :-), 
  me neither . 
  and i have n't heard of `` driving like a belgian '' either . 
  i also thought that `` beautiful as the russian language '' was not meant to convey something positive , to the contrary , that it was ironic . 
  strange list . 
  i heard it more often with the tatars ( in transylvania ) . 
  i 'm glad that china realized the absolute monster that is the montenegrin military ( 1,950 active personnel ) . 
  yes , you read that right . 
  i think your worries are shared by many . 
  the number of very negative international/internal developments is really disheartening . 
  - on the first position are the italians . 
  there are many italians with medium-sized areas ( especially in the west of the country ) but also big companies such as generali ; - big german or austrian companies such as bardeau holding , controlled by austrian count andreas von bardeau ; - a lot of arabs e.g. 
  the biggest farm in romania ( 65,000 ha ) is owned by a lebanese ; it exports mainly to the middle east ; - dutch banks such as rabobank ; - hungarian , spanish , danish companies and many others . 
  i am not against the foreign ownership of agricultural land in romania but i also do n't see why we should n't protect our resources . 
  i also see a difference between a middle-sized italian farmer investing in romania and some banks buying tens of thousands of hectares of good agricultural land at prices several times lower than in other parts of europe . 
  i might be slow this morning but why columns with the same price do n't have the same length ? 
  there are many cases like that .
