  as a result , the fact that he speaks and was seen as speaking some romanian further improved his image in romania . 
  of course they are not completely distinct . 
  i was ironic , showing the contradictions in bigelephantears statements . 
  as in right-bank moldova , in transnistria as well , there are moldovans which identify as moldovans and there are moldovans which identify as romanians . 
  yes , i was thinking to add that but did n't as there are already too many ifs and maybes in these scenarios . 
  `` they are zero romanians here '' `` in villages people speak either russian or ukranian or romanian '' `` if you have any romanian ethnicity you can apply for romanian passport '' indeed , zero romanians ... 
  do that but as a friendly advice , do n't call it `` the ukraine '' . 
  just ukraine will do . 
  ukrainians get annoyed when they hear people calling their country `` the ukraine '' . 
  it suggests it 's not a real country , just a border territory , something which russia would very much like to claim . 
  in case of union , which may or may not happen , romania will not seriously claim transnistria . 
  if it will , it will be for reasons of international law but politically it will use it as a bargaining chip in the final deal . 
  the majority of transnistrians do n't want to be part of romania , which is a very big reasons for romania not to want them either . 
  why would you want to import into your country some hundreds of thousand of people which hate you ? 
  really , it would not make much sense . 
  romania already has some headaches with parts of its hungarian minority , importing thousands of angry russians is the last thing it needs . 
  very important , most of transnistria is also not seen as historic romanian territory ; that one ends at the nistru/dniester river , so more or less on transnistria 's western border . 
  in case of moldova joining romania , the most sensible option would be for transnistria to be integrated into ukraine . 
  without any particular order , here are some reasons : - because they have much higher control over transnistria than over moldova ; - because it allows them to have a military and political bridgehead west of their territory ; - because transnistria blocks any attempts moldova might make to join the eu , or , less likely but more frightening for a russian perspective , nato . 
  this gives them some level of ( negative ) control over moldova but is also a lever against ukraine ; - because moldovans are not trusted as they can always identify as romanians , thus as ` western ' / anti-russian ( again , from the russian point of view ) ; you have to take into consideration that russians always ` feared ' that they might lose moldova to romania . 
  moldova was the only soviet republic which had a `` mother country '' ( romania ) outside the soviet union thus the soviets built the industry and put their main army bases in the transnistrian side of the republic ; - because in transnistria you have a slavic majority and in moldova you do n't ; - because the territory is seen as being a russian one , as ukraine and other territories ; - because in the 1990s transnistrians fought not to be part of moldova but to remain with russia ; - because the majority of transnistrians want to be part of russia ; - because russia feels that it had abandoned millions of russians outside its borders and does n't want to do this with these ones ; - because giving up transnistria will not be done for free and russia has not been offered anything for transnistria - because russia is in a war with ukraine and transnistria is a useful territory to hold ;, 
  as you can see in the video they were approached in russian , thus they answered in russian . 
  if they would have been asked in romanian/moldovan , they would have answered in that language ( the ones that know it ) . 
  the british defence budget is the largest in the eu . 
  the idea of keeping orban in the epp is that , through engagement and socialization , the other epp leaders would moderate his behaviour , that he would be kept in check by being kept in as part of the main political group . 
  as we can see , there are some clear limits to that strategy . 
  now merkel and orban dislike each other even more , so her influence on him has seriously decreased . 
  some of the other epp leaders do n't intervene , as probably they do n't see their direct interest in doing so and do n't want to damage diplomatic and economic relations . 
  so we get to this sort of situations . 
  nah , i am just amazed about how cool and smart you are . 
  and this proves what exactly ? 
  for people interested in wine , even countries producing 10 % or less of what romania does are interesting . 
  i mean really , what are you trying to do , defend your wish to remain ignorant about this topic ? 
  the title of the link makes clear what the link is about . 
  if you are not interested in the subject , do n't click it , and share/post something more interesting . 
  the votes of the community will determine what shows up and what does n't . 
  romania is in the top 15 biggest wine-producers in the world . 
  no need to open the link if you do n't care about wine . 
  because most of the other institutions are in brussels and the parliament ( meps , their assistants , the parliament staff ) need to interact with them on a daily basis . 
  there are hundreds of meetings taking place every day between people working for the parliament and people from the european commission , representatives of the council and member states national representations to the eu , the european external action service , the staff of the european council and so forth . 
  it would be a bit difficult to have these meetings and this dialogue if these people would sit in two different cities . 
   so the european parliament has to move every few months they do it every month , not every few months !, 
  one week per month they are in strasbourg , the other three in brussels . 
  you can find their calendar for 2017 here ( lower right side ) http://www.europarl.europa.eu/plenary/en/meetings-search.html, 
  he should really know better by now . 
  he worked on these issues for several years , he should know that it 's not easy to work with these problems and that there are a lot of sensitive political and cultural aspects linked to the debt crisis . 
  so then , why say something so out of place and idiotic ( in this context ) ? 
  let 's just say that this is the way romanians call regions of romania and some around it . 
  some of these regions are fully in romania , others are partially , others have been part at some point of a romanian state ( e.g. 
  pokutia/pokuttya ) while tribalia is the only region depicted here which has never been part of a romanian state - 99.99 % of romanians would not even know the name , though they might know about the romanians and vlachs of serbia ( in vojvodina and the timok valley ) . 
  parts of these regions ( e.g. 
  west part of crisana , sw part of banat , tribalia , pokuttya , transnistria , south dobrogea , north maramures ) have also never had a romanian majority or have lost it several hundred years ago ( north bukovina , south bessarabia/budjak ) . 
  i would personally not call tribalia , pokuttya or transnistria `` historic romanian territories '' . 
  most educated romanians would agree with this . 
  romania has recognized all its current borders in 1947 ( paris peace treaties ) and later in bilateral treaties with its neighbors and does n't have any territorial demands from any of its neighbours . 
  i think it 's fine to use the names as long as they do n't imply some sort of border revisionism . 
  i 'm not sure this map fully qualifies . 
  as side notes , maramures is not correctly depicted and the nw borders of pokuttya also look weird . 
  banat did not have a hungarian majority or even plurality . 
  it was mostly romanian and serbian , the two countries that got the largest parts of the region ; hungary got a small part in the north . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banat#demographics even in the hungarian census of 1910 which is considered to have favoured the hungarians , they were only the 4th biggest ethnic group in banat . 
  you might be thinking about transylvania and/or partium . 
  happy national day , neighbors !, 
  i hope the more negative moments/rhetoric in the recent years will be avoided in the future by both sides and that relations will further improve , as they should between two european nations , allies in nato and the eu . 
  cheers !, 
  not mad at all , i 'm quite relaxed to talk about this , i have a ba in romanian history , i know my stuff , i just do n't quite get why you would feel like spreading your misinformation . 
  romanian vocabulary was not 40 % slavic , the re-latinisation process involved neologisms , as the society was modernizing and educated people were doing their studies in the west ( mostly france ) , so most new words were imported and adapted from french . 
  the state did n't tell people to change/replace their vocabulary . 
  it 's quite absurd to believe that in the xix century the state convinced people to replace one quarter of their vocabulary . 
  :-) that 's not how languages or people work . 
  it looks like you just make up numbers . 
  there are not strong scientific proofs for the dacian words in the language as there are no ( extensive ) written records of the dacian language - basically , what words could not be explained from other sources , were labeled as dacian , but with a clear understanding that this is an assumption . 
  hungarian , german , turkish were and are minor presences in the language ( < 5 % ) . 
  the fact that you do n't know these things kind of shows how much ( or little ) you know about romanian language and romanian history . 
  the use of the cyrillic alphabet does n't prove anything in this regard . 
  persian is written nowadays in a variant of the arabic script ; that does n't mean persians speak arabic . 
  and you say people understood the language used in the church ? 
  yeah , like german peasants were understanding church latin in the 1450s . 
  most of the priests were not even understanding what they were mumbling , there are numerous reports in that sense . 
  you guys have had an interesting and at times great history , and yes , there are clear slavic/slavonic/bulgarian influences in romanian and romania . 
  there 's no need to exaggerate and make up things in order to make yourselves somehow feel even greater . 
  romania was not a second bulgaria that went rogue and decided to be latin . 
  really , stop this silliness . 
  i have n't checked the numbers but my guess is that something is wrong with the data . 
  it 's difficult to believe that the purchasing power in romania is higher than in hungary , lithuania or latvia . 
  i would of course be happy if it were the case , but i have some serious doubts about it . 
  the difference between germany and france or de and austria are also quite striking to be true . 
  and slovenia in front of italy ? 
  i do n't quite get why this sort of things makes some of you guys feel any better . 
  i mean what , in your alternative narrative romanians were slavs who suddenly decided to speak a romance language ? 
  please . 
  even when we were writing in cyrillic script , the language was still the same , a romance one . 
  yes , there are evident slavic elements in the language and yes , some/many slavs got assimilated in the romanian majority , but that does n't make the romanian nation a former slavic one . 
  there is nothing wrong with being or not being a slav , a non-slav or whatever any other people , but there 's also no need to make stuff up . 
  and one of the best things they did . 
  arte is a great channel . 
  they 're old but not that bad https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr605yydh1q, 
  the issue is not mainly about taste , the main issue is quality . 
  many products sold in cee are of lower quality e.g. 
  companies use cheaper ingredients which are less good for the health of people .
