  ukraine was not leaving anywhere and a more stable and richer ukraine would also have benefited the russian economy . 
  of course there were other reasons why they invaded , having to do with what they would gain by taking crimea , to the boost in popularity the regime will get and so forth . 
  it was also a very damaging decision ; russia lost a formerly friendly country/people and got eu and us sanctions instead . 
  not an amazing deal . 
  i rather agree with your last statement , though relations between russia and the west also knew much friendlier and cooperative times . 
  there were also many differences in perceptions i.e. 
  cee allies might have seen russia as a threat but this was not necessarily the case for spain , portugal and others . . also , the west enlarged because the countries in-between ( central and eastern europe ) wanted to join the west , not because they got their territories annexed by the west . 
  oh , but russia does try to prolong it , as it tries to prolong all of the other protracted conflicts in the region ( transnistria , south ossetia , abkhazia , crimea , donbas ) in which it is a party or actually the instigator . 
  there were numerous cases in which the pro-russian parties to those conflicts were more open towards some positive steps in the negotiations ( as they have to live with the negative consequences of the conflicts ) but were censured by russia/russian negotiators , this only to mention issues regarding the negotiations and not even going to the involvement of the russian military in all of these conflicts . 
  this is russia 's way of blocking those country 's course towards the west/eu/nato , of maintaining some control/leverage over those countries involved and of justifying its claimed role in the cis area . 
  not ridiculous at all . 
  russia is very happy with the fact that it is the main arbiter and weapon supplier to both armenia and azerbaijan . 
  this is pretty much a consensus among the neutral experts working on the conflict . 
  the earnings from the weapons trade is not even the main argument here . 
  for russia , the main benefit of the conflict is that it allows it a very strong influence over the politics in that region . 
  this includes keeping armenia in a state of semi-dependency , controlling any serious pro-western/nato appetite azerbaijan might have and being present militarily at the nato ( turkey ) and iranian borders . 
  the conflict in nagorno-karabakh helps russia to be the sort of ( regional ) power it wants to be . 
  russia does n't gift weapons to armenia , it sells them at production prices . 
  it 's the least they can do with a country that they mostly control . 
  they do n't do it because they are good hearted but because that allows them the sort of influence and control in yerevan i was talking about . 
  this was and is my experience as well . 
  it 's honestly quite sad and frustrating to see that many western europeans think we 're in the eu for the money . 
   it was mainly nato 's interest in ukraine that pushed russia to such extremities . 
  i agree with many things you say but not with what you say about nato and ukraine . 
  nato had no interest to get ukraine . 
  for years ukraine was pushing to get nato membership , this was obviously opposed by many big members ( france , germany etc. ), 
  and had completely dropped from the table . 
  the yanukovych regime had proclaimed ukraine a non-block country and stopped any nato accession process ; and this was fine for most nato members . 
  there was no nato fake-punching of russia . 
  the most recent nato enlargement towards the east/russia had taken place in 2004 ( with bulgaria , the baltics , romania , slovakia and slovenia ) , more than 10 years before russia decided to take over crimea . 
  10 years . 
  taking crimea was not a reaction to nato enlargement , it was done because he could and as an emotional reaction to the sort of '' ukraine betrayed us '' feeling you are talking about ; a '' i controlled yanukovych and now i lose that so i better get what i can out of this '' sort of reaction . 
  because the russian political and security establishment had n't stopped looking at things through the '' us vs the west '' lens . 
  if they do that , it will be very bad , both for germany and for advancing on the issue of the armenian genocide . 
  this is how you lose respect . 
  yes . 
  you 're the balance , holding the continent together . 
  i did n't say the whole country claims to be in central europe , just transylvania ( also bukovina ) . 
  they were part of the austro-hungarian empire and share cultural characteristics with other parts of the old empire . 
  central europe , as defined by overlaying multiple maps from different sources http://i.imgur.com/mi8dotp.png other map https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe#/media/file:centraleurope2.png another one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:grossgliederung_europas-en.svg also , not everyone around romania is being balkans ( ukraine ? , hungary ? ), 
  and romania is not south eastern europe by itself . 
  check a bit the different categories before being so opinionated . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southeast_europe you asked me what people prefer and i told you . 
  they might show a preference for one term or another but that does n't mean they 're crazy or ridiculous . 
  romanian ones do n't as they are not suppose to drive on roads . 
  they would have some registration numbers written directly on the body . 
  romanian military vehicles that are suppose to be driven on roads ( jeeps , trucks etc. . ) have military registration plates , which are different that the one in the photo , which is a civilian plate somebody poached from some civilian car . 
  they generally disliked being considered in the balkans , especially those from transylvania ( my region ) , though my impression is that this is lessening as people become more confident . 
  eastern europe is not really preferred either as it 's associated with communism/communist bloc/cold war/russia . 
  better options . 
  southeast europe is somehow more neutral , has less baggage , transylvanians would prefer central europe , and i guess many would be ok with something more convoluted that says romania is at a meeting point between central and ( south ) eastern europe . 
  yes , there are many similarities between the romania-r . moldova and bulgaria-macedonia cases . 
  in r.moldova the process of creating a new nation is somewhat less advanced than it 's the case in macedonia . 
   we have already wasted so much damn time on such identity politics i understand your frustration very well . 
  at the same time , though you `` have already wasted so much damn time on such identity politics '' , you also did n't reach a conclusion . 
  truth is , the identity cleavages continue to exist in r. moldova and there is no national consensus regarding the national/ethnic identity of the majority of the population . 
  this might not change anytime soon but i think you 'll continue to have these debates until that will happen . 
  take it as a constant of your internal debates , try to advance on it , and there was some advance , as you rightly mention , regarding the name/identity of the language , and at the same time deal with all the other things ( corruption , the economy etc. . ) . 
  these last things are mostly the job of the government and parliament ( and justice system ) , less of the president . 
   many moldovans use a dialect that is barely intelligible with romanian have you been to the republic of moldova and listened to moldovans talking to each other ? 
  i had and had no problem understanding them . 
  we will just ignore this silly map . 
  i honestly do n't care , i am also from north of the line . 
  :-p on a serious note , it 's silly to have a straight line to determine if some place is in the balkans or not . 
  drawing borders on land is not that easy or clear cut . 
  yes , there were times when italians were overstaying their visas in romania . 
  yes , and more than this , he was not asked what he believed on this issue . 
  he alone got himself into a very sensitive topic and took sides in it . 
  this is really not something diplomats should do . 
  even if he were to be asked directly what he things about it , he should have said that it 's for the two countries/populations to decide their future , not utter his opinion on it . 
  it really pissed off a lot of romanians , on both sides of the border . 
  no , he 's just joking . 
  many romanians register ( ed ) their cars in bulgaria because it was cheaper but that certainly does n't apply to military vehicles/tanks . 
  and romanian tanks do n't carry civilian registration plates like this one . 
  somebody probably bought a car from romania , took the registration plates and attached it to the tank , in order to tell it apart from others or as a joke . 
  from what i can tell , you can only check if a number is available or not . 
  this can be done on this official website but it requires a login and i 'm too busy to do that . 
  http://www.drpciv.ro/info-portal/plateavailability.do but this unofficial website says that the number has been registered , and somebody in the comments section added the photo of this tank . 
  romanian military vehicles do not carry civilian plates , especially not a tank . 
  it might have been added as a joke . 
  romanian military vehicles do not carry civilian registration plates , like the one in the photo . 
  this is either a fake or , more likely , somebody just added the registration plate in jest . 
  when the crisis arrived , many romanians living in spain also lost their jobs and moved to northern europe or back to romania . 
  many work in fields where you do n't really need to speak the language well ( men in construction , men and women in agriculture ) . 
  i assume some of the spanish youth , especially the university graduates , are not so keen to work in construction or picking strawberries . 
  this is not about them wanting or not to have the german jets there . 
  this is about them being pissed with the german parliament resolution on the armenian genocide and wanting to change ( some of ) that , wanting to get some '' reparation '' . 
  i think/hope germans wo n't be fools and will keep with the principles/historic truth . 
  hopefully one day official turkey will be able to treat this historic topic in a mature way . 
  `` the fence sends a very negative signal , including to russia because it says that ` we do n't trust you . ''' errrr ... exactly . 
  given that there have been numerous reports of russian security services driving migrants/refugees towards the finish and norwegian borders , to name just one issue , i do n't see why exactly should norway trust them . 
  countries have the right to control their borders . 
  russia , with all its problems , is largely a safe country , the biggest in the world , with one of the lowest population densities in the world . 
  it also has a population several times bigger than norway 's , a big muslim population and also plays a very active role in stoking the conflict in syria . 
  so i see no reason why it could n't take the migrants/refugees arriving on its territory . 
  even if these people would want to ask for asylum in norway , they can do that at the regular/legal border crossings , no need to illegally cross the border . 
  i am told they are , especially in italy , promoting their own people etc. . 
  but i agree they are not as influential as the gulen movement is/was in turkey . 
  i was largely agreeing with ` sealephant ' , just gave an example of an organization/movement that bears some similarity . 
  you make a good point , it 's not so easy to understand it for us , and like the article says , they 've been good at promoting a moderate image .
