  `` poland 's neighbors see another dimension to the three seas . 
  one former german official told me that poland is seeking to resurrect an old , pre-world war ii polish plan known as intermarum whereby poland would seek to unite central and eastern europe under polish leadership and then counterbalance german leadership to the west and russia to the east . 
  a current senior german official told me that for germany , `` what happens in warsaw is at least as interesting as what happens at the g-20 in poland . '' german and french officials are worried that trump might use the visit to drive a wedge between `` new '' and `` old '' europe , reprising the strategy pursued by then secretary of defense donald rumsfeld in the run up to the iraq war of 2003 . 
  it 's not just the germans . 
  poland 's gambit is controversial elsewhere in the region , too . 
  a former senior official from another three seas member state told me , `` i worry he might give [ the governing law and justice party chief jaroslaw ] kaczynski and [ hungary 's far-right president viktor ] orban a boost , a bad reprise of rumsfeld 's ` old ' vs ` new ' europe , but this time not because we were supportive of the u.s. on the war on terror but because those two are nativist euroskeptics . '' he said that some three seas states are solidly behind german chancellor angela merkel , are welcoming of refugees and are `` in no way interested in getting involved in trump 's fights . 
  [ ... ] the danger , warns piotr buras , the head of the warsaw office of the european council on foreign relations , is that poland may be stumbling into a diplomatic catastrophe . 
  it may not want to divide europe , but some in the trump administration might see an opportunity to do so . 
  `` why , '' wonders buras , `` is an american president invited to attend a regional infrastructural conference ? 
  why not the secretary of energy or an official from the state department ? '' the three seas summit , he says , has to be viewed in the context of poland 's troubled relationship with france and germany . 
  `` if trump wanted to drive a wedge [ between new and old europe ] he could do it , '' buras says . 
  `` he could appeal to polish national pride , he could praise it as a special ally that meets its 2 percent defense spending target , and he could use the summit to criticize germany and the eu . '' [ source ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/04/trump-wants-a-do-over-in-europe-215335 ), 
  very nice photo . 
  we also have 300-400 of them in the danube delta . 
  in romania they have the same problem with the american mink , on top of habitat destruction and all the other reasons endangering a species . 
  i must say , we 're not impressed by the initiative either . 
  want to do something constructive , improve connections in the region ( very necessary but with what money ? 
  ) , economic exchanges , trust etc. . , that is all fine and there would be support for that as long as the proposals look realistic . 
  try to built some regional anti-german alliance because you do n't like the germans because of historical grudges & nationalist crap ? 
  that is not fine and would not even make it to the runway . 
  if some/most cee countries get a sense that this initiative is somehow meant to be against germany and/or western europe and/or eu institutions then you can forget about their cooperation on that . 
  i agree with most of what you say and not to contradict you but 11 wolf packs is not a big number . 
  it 's good that they have not provoked more damage in germany . 
  in romania there were cases in which wolves killed 80-100 sheep in a single attack ; so much more than 300 sheep killed in a single year . 
  offering and maintaining compensation to farmers who register loses is essential . 
  my question was a serious one . 
  the origin of certain types of pastries can be set in time and place . 
  cavemen certainly did n't have sugar . 
  as far as i know k\u00fcrt\u00f6skal\u00e1cs originates in the sz\u00e9kely land in transylvania . 
  if you have any good argument that would say otherwise please provide it . 
  we re-obtained access to the sea fairly late ( 1856 , 1878 ) and later ( 1940 , 1944 ) bloody soviets took a big chunk of the larger coastline we had at that point . 
   not thief-czech/slovak/romanian what ? 
  not romanian but sz\u00e9kely / hungarian from transylvania , romania . 
  is there any proof/information of where it was ` invented ' ? 
  it was not the worst way possible so i do n't contradict you but do n't forget about nagorno karabakh , abkhazia , south ossetia , transnistria . 
   the articles from ee outlets i gather you read a lot of ee outlets , in many languages and have a very good idea about what is being published on this issue . 
  i gather that you certainly can also make the difference between tabloids and quality media . 
   some kind of consensus that companies are treating eastern europeans as second class citizens there is no consensus and i have n't seen any serious articles on this topic saying that it 's something generalized , that all western companies do it . 
  all the studies published on this issue show that the problem exists only with some companies , only with some products . 
   just another episode in the epic that is the anti-we narrative of some elements in eastern europe so your first reaction is not to look at the data , understand what is the issue and look for the simplest explanation but to assume that this is part of some wider plan . 
  conspiracy theories fans usually think like that . 
   outrage about german media corrupting the minds of poles i have no idea what this is about . 
  bear in mind that the article above gives examples from the czech republic and that i 'm romanian . 
  there are n't only kaczy\u0144ski and orban fan-boys in cee . 
   evil globalists reprimanding our great leader orban so cee prime-ministers raised the issue in the european council because they believe that `` evil globalists reprimanding our great leader orban '' ? 
   kind of inferiority complex anchored in ee culture of course there are inferiority complexes in cee culture and yes , this issue will play into that . 
  does this mean that the problem is invented ? 
   different brand product marketing . 
  well , there you go , with this you just prove that you have n't even spent the time to understand what is the fuss about . 
  the issue is about lower quality products being sold as higher quality products , sometimes at higher prices , the issue is one of public health and of fair treatment in a common market , not about product marketing . 
   not justified by reality you were not even curious to look at the reality , you just delivered your set of preconceived ideas about the problem and realities in cee . 
  it 's lazy and it 's tiring . 
  almost as tiring as some people here who think that criticizing the crappy practices of some companies equals with criticizing western europeans generally or western europe . 
  now , would n't it be much more constructive and less condescending to just inform yourself and look at the data instead of building straw-arguments and offering some pre-cooked smug conclusions ? 
  or if you are not interested in the issue and not curious enough to inform yourself about it to just shut up ? 
  i do n't have any `` being mistreated by the west complex '' and i 'm certainly not a supporter of the current leaders of poland and hungary . 
  i have no `` dissatisfaction with the slower than expected convergence '' and what the hell do gay people have to do with it ? 
  and really , people wanting good quality products are anti-globalization ? 
  the problem had existed and was discussed 5-6 years ago when there was no `` nationalist resurgence '' in ee countries ; and it 's still there . 
  so how about trying to see the world in its complexity and not through easy stereotypes ? 
  i was also very disappointed reading it , especially since i know the author . 
  tom has done a very crappy job . 
  dismissing this issue as if cee people would have nothing better to do than analyze the food they get in the supermarkets is just arrogance and further supports the feeling of many people in that part of the continent that they are being treated as 2nd rate citizens . 
  not yet . 
  i think it 's more prevalent among the catholics are their priests ca n't marry whereas the orthodox ones have to in order to become priests but i 've seen many stories/scandals in romania about orthodox priests or monks having or soliciting sex from other men and/or boys . 
  the situation is much more complex than the one you describe . 
  here is are some quotes from this very good and detailed article , published by a aromanian organization . 
  http://www.farsarotul.org/nl27_1.htm  really ? 
  tell me more . 
  i 'm not sure you realize but greece has a very bad image abroad on the issue of the treatment of its minorities . 
  `` intimidation and repression of aromanians by local greek politicians , teachers , priests as well as the nationalist press in the period between the civil war and the military dictatorship has led to a tabooing of minority topics in greece . 
  i have heard about aromanian children who were punished for speaking aromanian at school well into the 1970s and 1980s . 
  aromanians with such experiences usually maintain a strong antipathy towards the greek policy and preserve , until today ( especially in the balkans and the diaspora ) , feelings of belonging to an aromanian minority . 
  ... aromanian is still learned today in the villages , but only within the families , never in associations or schools . 
  in the balkans and the diaspora there are about ten aromanian magazines , several homepages and radio stations using aromanian , but none of them in greece . 
  in greece there is no newspaper using the aromanian language . 
  ... `` as the term minority in greece is officially used only when speaking about muslims in western thrace , this expression has a negative undertone for christian groups . 
  furthermore , greece 's minority policy often interpreted the linguistic and cultural otherness of aromanians , arvanites and slavomacedonians as not-greek , anti-greek or disloyal towards the greek state . 
  most aromanians in greece will for these reasons continue to refuse being called a minority . '', 
  ... on june 15th 1999 the council of europe adopted recommendation 1333 ( 1997 ) on aromanian culture and language . 
  according to the recommendation , balkan states with aromanians populations are encouraged to ratify the european charter of regional or minority languages and to support the aromanians in terms of providing education , religious services in the churches , newspapers , magazines , radio and television programmes in aromanian and support for their cultural associations . 
  the decision met with extreme criticism from the largest aromanian organisation in greece , whereby the council of europe repeated its decision in 1998 . 
  positive attitudes were only expressed by ngos such as greek helsinki monitor and minority rights group greece . 
  ... on 28th may 2002 , an incident occurred at the book exhibition of salonika involving around 100 right-wing militants who stormed the stands where publications from balkan countries were being displayed . 
  they exercised their own variety of censorship by removing and burning books from those balkan countries , the content of which was considered by some persons to be insulting . 
  a large number of these books were vlach literature from the republic of macedonia ( fyrom ) . 
  another example of insufficient tolerance is the publishing ( or non-publishing ) of books with aromanian subjects . 
  it is typical that most classical scientific literature on the aromanians has yet to be translated into the greek , whereas there are translations in nearly every other balkan language . '', 
   many of them risked their lives or died while fighting for greece . 
  certainly so , i did not say that aromanians were/are not loyal citizens of greece . 
  some of them , less than the others , also died fighting against greece . 
  `` the range of different forms of identity and the resulting dilemma of the division of fundamental alignments within the aromanian communities was conditioned on the one hand by their cultural and mental proximity to the greeks and on the other hand by the proximity of their language to the romanian . 
  the recognition of the `` ullah millet '' , the influence of different national movements , especially those of greece and romania , and the influence of foreign powers in the southern balkans , led to further division and clashes . 
  the greek-romanian conflict achieved its climax in the last and most violent phases of the macedonian struggle ( 1903-1908 ) , when most aromanian groups fought on the pro-patriarchate side , while others took sides with the pro-bulgarian exarchists . 
  confrontation between differently oriented aromanians led to bloodshed . 
  the increased tension between the different groups in 1906 led to the breaking-off of diplomatic relations between romania and greece . 
  since then , the `` ullah millet '' has been called a `` romanian minority '' and the aromanians were no longer divided into pro-greeks and pro-romanians , but into greeks ( neo-hellenes ) and romanians . 
  a different orientation began in 1917 , when italian troops advanced via albania into epirus and founded , with the help of alkiviadis diamantis , the `` principate of pindos '' in the area of aromanian settlement . 
  italy undertook attempts to convert the pro-romanian aromanians into pro-italian , which succeeded to a small degree . 
  similar attempts were undertaken during the second world war , when the aromanian members of the `` roman legion '' fought on the side of the italian troops . '',
