  it 's obvious that there is a problem with the level of civic education of the people . 
  the standard is a very low one . 
  people tend to accept corruption and keep corrupt people into power if they at least had done something ( e.g. 
  put flowers in the parks ) for the community . 
  something like , `` yes , he stole , but at least he did something for us . '', 
  not sure if serious or just trolling . 
  in any case , consistently crappy . 
  these are nation-wide local elections , not just in one city . 
  there have been tons of articles about the london elections or about the french local elections and reporting on nation-wide local elections is not exactly a small thing or unusual for reddit . 
  it says a lot about the politics of a country and the likely outcome of the next general/parliamentary elections , in the case of romania to take place later this year . 
  if you are not interested in politics ignore or downvote the link . 
  simple as that . 
  it is quite depressing to hear so often so much stupidity coming from the turkish leaders . 
  germany has recognized its past crimes , turkey is not even capable of having an open debate about them . 
  well , you seem to be very convinced of what you 're saying . 
  all that remains is for you to present the proofs of the us diplomats ' and ro government 's corruption to the prosecutors . 
  you know which romanian institution deals with this . 
  for the us it would be the securities and exchange commission and the department of justice which are in charge of enforcing the us foreign corrupt practices act . 
  `` they '' means the romanian government , which was the one responsible to chose who and in which way it gives that contract . 
  it was in good part a political decision . 
  the us embassy , as the embassies of any other country , are promoting the business interests of their country 's companies . 
  on the other hand , the us embassy in romania played an important role in the cancellation of the contract with bechtel , in ensuring that the company would not request hundreds of millions in damages from romania , for the early cancellation of the contract . 
  yes , it 's too simplistic and unnecessarily cynical as it assumes that only the big countries have agency and that the medium and small ones are just victims , some poor pawns without any say . 
  international relations are much more complicated than that . 
  it also assumes that international relations do n't change/evolve which is quite a big ahistoric statement . 
  of course they are interested in all that . 
  all i 'm saying it that the increase in anticorruption work in romania does n't happen just because the americans wanted to build a military base . 
  they are helping but they are not the main driver in this . 
  well , i actually have a ba in history and i 've been working for years as a foreign policy analyst . 
  it 's not me who is out of his area of competence . 
  bechtel is not the us government . 
  i was talking about the us government and their representatives in romania . 
  i do n't feel attacked at all . 
  you said something unusual , so obviously the burden of proof lies with you . 
  and seeing the `` proof '' you are providing i am really not impressed at all . 
  so because the governor of the national bank did some courses in the us before 1990 , that makes him a tool of the us ? 
  do you even realize how ridiculous that sounds ? 
  about the prosecutor . 
  is there a legal limit regarding the number of mandates she could have ? 
  there is n't . 
  is she doing her job well , having some very impressive results ? 
  she is . 
  then she should stay on . 
  maybe you like to believe in hidden forces , the all-powerful americans that control things and so forth . 
  i do n't . 
  that 's not because i am naive , but because i 'm rational . 
  this is not just erdogan 's view , it 's one widely shared by the turkish establishment and population . 
  the old system is much , much harder to dismantle than one would think . 
  we went for the old/reconditioned portuguese f16s . 
  not sure it was the best choice but certainly the decision was , and will be for bulgaria too , also a political one . 
  i think the burden of proof lies on you , to prove that romania 's anti-corruption drive happens because the us decided to built a missile shield in romania . 
  sure , the us played and plays a positive role in that it supports the anti-corruption drive but they are not the ones taking the decisions , reporting and prosecuting people . 
  external pressure , mainly from the eu , but also from the us , matters , but the agency is with those romanians who are doing their job like they should . 
  nothing sexy about it . 
  you grossly overestimate the role of the us/nato missile shield in all this . 
   furthermore people give zero fucks about what kind of man erdogan is when it comes to vacationing . 
  most people yes , but not all . 
  and part of those that give zero fucks about erdogan will be kept away by the deteriorating security situation . 
  there are . 
  the guy exaggerates , is not considered credible even in his area of `` expertise '' ( i.e. 
  geopolitics ) , so i really do n't see why we should take him seriously . 
  again , the eu institutions can not impose this , if it will be done , it will be done with the participation and agreement of the eu member states . 
  about you , i guess this is not the first time you realize that traveling freely in the eu/schengen comes with some constraints/obligations . 
  i get the points you made earlier and i agree that the situations depends from country to country . 
  there is no size fits all and i do n't think there should be a general ban but as somebody who lives in brussels and reads that the automatic weapons used in the paris attacks were traded less than two km from where i live , i do agree with a much stricter regime at the level of the whole eu , at least for some category of weapons . 
  i appreciate your discussion here but just to clarify this , the eu does n't have any power to regulate the gun policy of its member states so let 's not do unnecessary eu bashing . 
  eu legislation is adopted with the participation of all 28 eu governments ( they meet in various formats in the eu council , which is part of the legislative branch of the eu ) so they all have a say about how a piece of legislation looks like . 
  moreover , in most cases , each member state adopts its own national legislation in order to transpose the european legislation in whose making they participated in , so it 's not that somebody else decides and then imposes legislation on the member states . 
  really , now we are quoting george friedman on european economic issues ? 
  c'mon people , the guy has very little credibility and no training in economics . 
  have anything better than that ? 
  maybe with an english translation ? 
  really , read more about it , there is a lot published on the negotiations regarding germany 's reunification . 
   `` nato will not move one inch further east . '' i have n't seen baker 's quote in any document . 
  i seriously doubt it is real . 
  gorbachev clearly says that there was no promise of no further nato enlargement as the issue was not even discussed . 
  nato could not have promised such a thing and russia has no say on the political and military alliances of independent countries . 
  here is one in which he says there was no promise . 
  http://rbth.com/international/2014/10/16/mikhail_gorbachev_i_am_against_all_walls_40673.html `` rbth : one of the key issues that has arisen in connection with the events in ukraine is nato expansion into the east . 
  do you get the feeling that your western partners lied to you when they were developing their future plans in eastern europe ? 
  why did n't you insist that the promises made to you -- particularly u.s. secretary of state james baker 's promise that nato would not expand into the east -- be legally encoded ? 
  i will quote baker : `` nato will not move one inch further east . '' m.g. 
  : the topic of `` nato expansion '' was not discussed at all , and it was n't brought up in those years . 
  i say this with full responsibility . 
  not a singe eastern european country raised the issue , not even after the warsaw pact ceased to exist in 1991 . 
  western leaders did n't bring it up , either . 
  another issue we brought up was discussed : making sure that nato 's military structures would not advance and that additional armed forces from the alliance would not be deployed on the territory of the then-gdr after german reunification . 
  baker 's statement , mentioned in your question , was made in that context . 
  kohl and [ german vice chancellor hans-dietrich ] genscher talked about it . 
  everything that could have been and needed to be done to solidify that political obligation was done . 
  and fulfilled . 
  the agreement on a final settlement with germany said that no new military structures would be created in the eastern part of the country ; no additional troops would be deployed ; no weapons of mass destruction would be placed there . 
  it has been observed all these years . 
  so do n't portray gorbachev and the then-soviet authorities as na\u00efve people who were wrapped around the west 's finger . 
  if there was na\u00efvet\u00e9 , it was later , when the issue arose . 
  russia at first did not object . 
  the decision for the u.s. and its allies to expand nato into the east was decisively made in 1993 . 
  i called this a big mistake from the very beginning . 
  it was definitely a violation of the spirit of the statements and assurances made to us in 1990 . 
  with regards to germany , they were legally enshrined and are being observed . '',
