  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_bulgarian_military_aircraft - if i 'm not wrong , the jets in the photo look like f-18s , so they do n't seem to have anything to do with the article . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  sweden punches above its weight in the determination of the foreign policy of the eu . 
  it has good people and it is active in the eu foreign policy making . 
  thus , the eu is a good avenue/tool/environment for sweden to promote its foreign policy interests ; without the eu , sweden would be much less influential . 
  influencing the foreign policy of a 500 million + political body ( eu ) gets you more of an impact on the world stage than if you represent only a 10 million political body ( sweden ) . 
  that 's the thing , their foreign policy elites are very active in eu foreign policy , it is part of their population which does n't seem to understand the need for it . 
  sweden is also increasingly interested in improving cooperation with nato given the high tensions in the baltic region . 
  they should probably also spend some time and resources to explain to their population why working together at the eu level is important . 
  strange results considering that sweden does punch above its weight in eu foreign policy . 
  you are right . 
  the difference is that , different from the us and the other english speaking countries , today 's republic of moldova has a history of independence of only 25 years so it was easier to adopt an already used/known name for the currency . 
  when they were part of romania , between the two world wars , they also used the leu . 
  in early 1990s , when they were moving towards independence , romanian national symbols - the ( name of the ) language , the flag , the currency etc. 
  - were the ones they were adopting as that was the already existing/established identity they could adhere to . 
  differing from moldova , the other soviet republics has a majority population with its own distinct identity ( lithuanian , estonian , ukrainian , uzbek etc. ) . 
  moldovans were the only soviet people who had a republic of their own and who also had a `` mother country '' ( romania ) outside the borders of the soviet union . 
  that is why the soviet-romanian border , though both communist countries and allies , was one of the most heavily defended and difficult to cross border ; romanian books were not allowed to enter into soviet moldova etc. . a short while after getting independence , moldovans got lost on the way and other people in the country took control , opting for a distinct ( from romanian ) moldavian identity , which they are still trying to built . 
  for example their current president wants to change the flag of the country , because he does n't like that it 's so similar to romania 's ; he also calls the language he speaks moldovan and not romanian etc. . 
   you even have basically the same name for money !, 
  :-) we have the same name for almost everything . 
  it 's the same language . 
  glad you enjoyed that part of europe and congrats for the trip . 
   romanian f-16s yes , romanian f-16s and british raf eurofighter typhoons . 
  thinking about it , romania fought against bulgaria in both of those '' national disasters '' of yours . 
  quite unfortunate given that there were/are no deep historical differences among our two countries , quite to the contrary , bulgarian revolutionaries/nationalist used romania as a safe base in their fight against the ottomans and we romanians fought against them in the war of 1877-1878 , which ended with a victory for both of our countries . 
  now about the disasters . 
  second balkan war - attacking your former allies and neighbors really was n't smart , bulgaria . 
  romania taking southern dobruja from you at the end of the war was n't smart either and afaik played a role in bulgaria attacking us in what ended to be your second `` national disaster '' ( wwi ) . 
  btw , that last part , i.e. 
  bulgaria attacking us from the back ( south ) , while we were fighting the austrians and germans in the north ( transylvania ) , is perceived as a dick move in romania . 
  and then we got to share that 3rd `` national disaster '' mentioned below , so that we are now `` bulgaria and romania '' , the laggards of the eu club . 
  but maybe that will change , given that now hungary and poland act more dickish . 
   brussels would love to set up a percentage based quota that redistributes this endless stream brussels would love not to have to deal with this sort of problems . 
  also consider that in most cases brussels = member states . 
  all the rules were written , agreed and voted on by the eu member states . 
  the decision to relocate those 160,000 was taken by the 28 eu member states , who decided through majority voting . 
   eastern europe will collapse or throw a leaving the eu tantrum eastern europe is bigger than poland , czechia and hungary . 
  if a group of three western european countries would be in a certain group , would you draw general conclusions about ` western europe ' ? 
  i wish the sea had that colour at sea level . 
   you ca n't speak romanian and claim you are speaking `` moldovan '' of course you can , like you can speak montenegrin , or bosnian ( as opposed to serbo-croatian ) . 
  it does n't mean that the languages are different , but that you identify them differently . 
  scientifically , the moldovan language is the same as romanian , but identifying it as moldovan ( and not romanian ) is not without practical consequences . 
  you can also claim that you speak romanian but that you are moldovan , not romanian . 
  you might laugh about it but there self-identifications have very clear practical consequences . 
  because most of them do n't identify and do n't ` feel ' bulgarian ; because they believe they are something else , macedonians . 
  national identity is more about how you identify yourself than about how other people identify you . 
  similar process in the case of the majority of the moldovans from the republic of moldova . 
   and when does romania switch back to dacia anyway ? 
  there 's only one rome . 
  - yes , there is only one rome-the city but there were many places in rome-the empire . 
  the romans are known for conquering huge swaths of the earth and colonizing it . 
  for clarity , there is no place in romania which claims to be the city of rome ; :-) - romanians do n't make false claim on rome/the roman empire 's heritage . 
  a big part of what is now romania was part of that empire which brought colonists and imposed latin on this territory ; - the romanian language , which evolved from latin , has been called romanian since the middle ages , it 's not some recent invention ; - romanians do n't make any sort of claim of exclusivity on roman heritage/history . 
  it would be ridiculous . 
  the roman province of dacia was a marginal province of the empire , a rich one in resources but not one of the main provinces of the empire . 
  the roman heritage is shared with many other countries and places in europe ; - most of our other romance/latin cousins got to call themselves by other names , we got to call ourselves romanian , that 's the way history went . 
  following your logic , should we also ask the romagna region in italy to change its name ? 
  how about the romandie region in switzerland , or the romansh people and language in the same country ? 
  how about the aromanian , megleno-romanian and istro-romanian people and languages in the balkans ? 
  or the romanija mountain and region in bosnia ? 
  should all of these places and people also change their name ? 
   and yet they recognized them under the name rep of macedonia and they generally refer to them as macedonia and macedonians . 
  yes , because they do n't go as far as equating the names republic of macedonia/macedonians with the ridiculous claim of ancient macedonian heritage . 
  one can call slav macedonians , macedonians , knowing perfectly well that they are not the descendants of the ancient macedonians and that greeks from the greek province of macedonia are also called macedonians and are the ones claiming that heritage . 
   it 's very easy for younger generations to grow up automatically thinking ... 
  i think the solution is to educate people . 
  there are other countries and regions which inherited the name of the place from other groups than the one who is majoritarian now or who share a region . 
  examples were given by other people here . 
   if greece refered to transylvania as `` hungary '' or part of hungary . . now that 's not the same situation , is it ? 
  the region is not independent , all of it is in romania and nobody else claims the name . 
  a better example , though not a perfect one , would be moldova/moldavia , but there we do n't tell the moldovans not to use the name , though they also have some nationalists , including their current president , making ridiculous claims for all the territory of the principality of moldavia ( most of it , most of its people and all its old capitals are in romania ) . 
  look , i have sympathy for the greek position , and i clearly reject the sort of historical revisionism we saw/see in fyrom/macedonia , but i am also not as radical as you guys on this issue . 
  as a ( bigger and richer ) neighbor you also have some responsibility for their stability , which would be improved if they would integrate into nato and the eu . 
  i think it would be in the benefit of everybody if you get them to accept a qualifier ( northern , upper , vardar whatever ) . 
  the issue is more nuanced . 
  i do n't think any of the countries using republic of macedonia agree with the ( false ) assertion that the country macedonia and its people are the descendants of the ancient macedonians and of alexander the great . 
  using republic of macedonia is not the same thing as accepting the ridiculous historic claims of ( some ) nationalistic slav macedonians . 
  quite to the contrary , that sort of history grabbing attempt only made them lose credibility and friends . 
  so no , using republic of macedonia for the country does n't not equate with a rejection of greece 's attempts to defend its history and territory . 
   no other country would give a shit i think you are wrong here . 
  many countries did n't take them seriously because of that historical revisionism crap they pulled . 
  southern italy let 's say , without the mafia though . 
  i 'm afraid ukraine is in a different league . 
  exactly . 
  i assume this was searched on us google ? 
  i remember checking on the lidl greek yogurt and it was definitely not produced in greece . 
  i also read that the greeks are annoying about non-greek based companies using the name greek yogurt and that some now use ` greek-style yogurt ' , which i understand the greeks do n't like either . 
  i have some sympathy to their case , though not enough in order not to buy the ` greek ' yogurt from lidl . 
  here in belgium , i 'd say lidl is better than aldi . 
  more diversity of goods , more fruits and vegetables , much more and better baking goods . 
   greek yogurt the lidl greek yogurt is very good , even if it does n't come from greece , which i think is annoying the greeks . 
   the problem is not really in the politicians , but in weakness of the institutions that should prosecute , say , bribery it 's say it 's both and more of that . 
  in romania we managed to have a decently functional anti-corruption directorate who has put hundreds of people behind bars for corruption . 
  guess what ? 
  corruptions did n't end , politicians/decision-makers/other people keep on asking for and paying bribes - only that they now try maybe to do it in a more hidden and/or more sophisticated way . 
  functioning anti-corruption/judicial institutions matter a lot but you/we 'll not radically improve the situation without a profound change in the peoples ' attitudes towards such social/cultural ` diseases ' . 
  and that takes time . 
  [ what bling ? ], 
  ( https://doxologia.ro/sites/default/files/styles/media-articol/public/articol/2015/11/sfintire_zosin_foto_bogdan-2-37_0_0.jpg?itok=vo6xt4sp ),
