  yes , a solution to the transnistrian conflict would need to be found before such a union could happen . 
  even if moldovans would vote for union with romania , i think romania would not accept an unsecured eastern border . 
  transnistria would obviously be outside of romania , either remaining as an exclave ( ` independent ' or russian ) or being absorbed into ukraine , where it was until 1924 . 
  actually the biggest ethnic group in transnistria are moldovans , not ukrainians . 
  check the numbers . 
  `` in 2004 , transnistrian authorities organized a separate census from the 2004 moldovan census . 
  in total , in the areas controlled by the pmr government , there were 555,347 people , including 177,785 moldovans ( 32.10 % ) 168,678 russians ( 30.35 % ) 160,069 ukrainians ( 28.81 % ) 13,858 bulgarians ( 2.50 % ) 4,096 gagauzians ( 0.74 % ) , 1,791 poles ( 0.32 % ) , 1,259 jews ( 0.23 % ) , 507 roma ( 0.09 % ) and 27,454 others ( 4.94 % ) '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria#demographics, 
  indeed , romanians do not need moldova - the republic , we have the other half of the historic principality of moldova , with all its historic capitals and with a population that is more than double the one of the republic . 
  at the same time , the financial effort would not be that huge , there are barely 2.8 million people remaining there . 
  just to put this into perspective , there are romanian counties which have a bigger gdp than moldova ; and romania has 41 counties . 
  you make some fair points , moldovan politicians are not likely to support this without assurances of what they will get in return . 
  regarding transnistria , what is certain is that romania does not need that territory with its non-romanian and generally anti-romanian majority . 
  that territory is also not seen as romanian territory ; most of it is over - trans - the nistru/dniester , the river being seen as the historical border of romania . 
  it is really for the moldovans to decide . 
  so far they wanted to be independent and we respect that , we actually helped them throughout these last 25 years ( free electricity at times , loans , scholarships etc ) . . 
  yes , but i doubt that the economic reasons would be more powerful than the national ones . 
  in case such a referendum happens , i would expect at least 75 % support for it in romania . 
  but then , like i mentioned above , it 's not romania which is the unwilling partner here . 
  the moldovans need to clarify their identity crisis , one way or another , and that might take another couple of decades . 
  i guess it depends on the area one works on and the circle of people one is surrounded by . 
  i know at least 10-15 people who actively talk about this . 
  i am sure most romanians do n't talk about the subject , it 's not one of their priorities , but that does n't mean that they would not vote for it , should the occasion appear . 
  so yes , the topic is not a political priority in romania , but there is substantial support for it . 
  there have been other polls showing that 80 % + of romanians would vote for union with moldova . 
   south stream the south stream project was closed because it did not respect eu law , not because romania did n't agree to transport gas through it . 
  i am always surprised by the difference between the poor quality of stratfor analysis and the level of respect they still get in central and eastern europe . 
  i would have assumed that the percentage would be higher in romania than 68 % . 
  one also needs to take into consideration expectations . 
  nobody really expects a referendum on this topic to happen anytime soon so in case there would actually be a referendum i would expect numbers supporting the union to be higher , on both sides of the river prut . 
  that said , it 's clear that there is no majority supporting union in moldova , and without one , there will be no union . 
  things might change in a couple of decades but a union between the two states would not be easy to achieve as even if the romanian-speaking majority in moldova changes its position , all national minorities ( russian , ukrainian , gagauz , bulgarian ) are largely pro-russian and against the union with romania . 
  all of them put together are a minority of the population but they matter more than their share in the population . 
  i noticed that too . 
  shows how ridiculous the attempt is . 
  also this part referring to russia in 1914 is wrong : `` russia had absorbed the first tier completely and some of the second tier countries , such as present-day poland and romania . '', 
  present-day romania was never part of russia . 
  it was occupied several times by russia but it was never part of the russian empire , the soviet union or russia . 
  the only romanian territory that in 1914 was part of russia was bessarabia and bessarabia is not part of present-day romania . 
  the author makes some more ridiculous arguments , according to which it 's just normal and legitimate for russia to want to control half of the continent . 
  `` ukrainian border went through russia 's agricultural heartland , as well as large population centers and transportation networks . '', 
  like , what ? 
  why should n't this be ` russia 's border went through ukraine 's agricultural heartland ' ? 
  then russia `` is struggling to maintain the physical integrity of the motherland . '' . 
  who the f *** attacked russia in the last 60 , or at least 25 years ? 
  and what the hell is with the argument that russia is landlocked . 
  have a look at the map , russia is the biggest country in the world with access to more seas that most other countries !, 
  `` the country is in a geographically vulnerable position '' so the biggest country in the world is in a `` geographically vulnerable position '' . 
  nice one . 
  and he compares russia with sparta ?!, 
  enough ridiculousness . 
  actually turkey is the biggest enforcer and supporter of the montreux convention . 
  romania has tried for years to ` internationalize ' the black sea ( read : bring more nato ships ) but turkey always opposed that . 
  that said , breaking such an important convention without the agreement of the parties would raise tensions and lead to further militarization of the black sea by russia . 
  the solution is to rotate them . 
  fyi , when you see names ending in ` sco ' ( eg . 
  ionesco , enesco , negresco etc. ), 
  those are in most cases frenchified romanian names ; the ending in ` cu ' does n't sound that great in french , thus they replace the final ` u ' with an ` o ' . 
  indeed . 
  the hotel in nice was built by henri negresco ( henri negrescu in romanian ) , the son of an innkeeper from bucharest , who moved to france and at some point became the director of the casino in nice . 
  very wet in transylvania ? 
  probably you have n't seen `` very wet '' . 
  i am from transylvania but live in belgium . 
  sometimes it rains here for 2-3 days almost continuously . 
  we have nothing of that in transylvania where you get some rain for 1-2 hours and that 's it . 
  clearly , vlad the impaler ( \u021aepe\u0219 ) had an extra touch of sadistic craziness that was hard to match by subsequent rulers . 
  however , he is respected in romania given that his sick punishments were mostly inflicted on the turks and other less popular categories of people ( boyars , criminals etc. . ), 
  and yet he has a big statue some 100m away from my office , in brussels . 
  no , that is nicolae ceau\u0219escu https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicolae_ceau%c8%99escu and the parliament uses more than 3 % of the rooms , thought indeed , it is true that they have n't managed yet to use the whole building . 
  some of it , e.g. 
  underground floors , is not yet even finished/furnished . 
  here it is http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-14-237_en.htm, 
  how are those discussion relevant for the topic in cause here ? 
  `` why did n't the russians overtake romania fully , they had the power and they did just that in 1945 . '', 
  because the ussr and nazi germany had already divided their spheres of influences and had made the molotov -- ribbentrop pact in which ussr claimed their interest for bessarabia . 
  the germans were already present in the south of romania , where the oil fields were and would not have allowed a further russian advance and the russians knew that all too well . 
  `` we can agree that cernauti should n't have been part of romania . '', 
  no , we can not agree on that . 
  why the hell should n't cernauti be part of romania ? 
  cernauti was the capital of a region whpse majority population was romanian , who used to be part of the moldavian principality and whose leaders decided in 1918 , when the austro-hungarian empire collapsed , to unite with romania . 
  the city was ethnically mixed , with the biggest ethnic group being jews . 
  and what is that crappy comparison between king ferdinand and stalin ? 
  did ferdinand threatened the soviet union with invasion ? 
  `` famous political leaders of bugeac . '', 
  following the russian revolution of 1917 , bessarabia elected its own parliament , sfatul \u021a\u0103rii . 
  on april 9 [ o.s. 
  march 27 ] 1918 , sfatul \u021a\u0103rii decided with 86 votes for , 3 against and 36 abstaining , for union with the kingdom of romania . 
  `` well in the 90-00s the 3rd largest party was one called greater romania . 
  the romanian national day is the 1st of december . '', 
  i do n't see how this is relevant and i will stop here from commenting this topic . 
  you are obviously biased and go so far as defending stalin 's crimes and land grabs . 
  i think nobody denies the ethnic distribution realities of that time . 
  yes , southern poland was majority ukrainian-inhabited territory and large parts of northern bukovina were majority ukrainian-inhabited territory . 
  but let 's not fool ourselves that stalin did those land grabs because he was motivated by some sort of fair distribution of borders . 
  he took as much land as he could because he was an imperialist . 
  i actually find it quite remarkable than in 2016 we still have people justifying the nazi-soviet molotov -- ribbentrop pact https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact when stalin drew a line on the map between north and south bukovina he took in large parts of romanian-inhabited territory . 
  it can clearly be seen on these maps https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/bucov.png https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/bukovina1910ethnic.jpg why did he take romanian territory and did n't leave those romanians in romania ? 
  because he could and did n't give a damn about what was fair and what was not . 
  together with the romanian territories in northern bukovina , stalin 's ussr also took the whole of bessarabia and the hertza region https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hertza_region , the latter being part of moldavia and which even today is 93 % romanian inhabited . 
  bessarabia was a majority romanian-inhabited region , map below , whose south , the budjak , was ethnically mixed ( romanians , russians , ukrainians , bulgarians , germans , gagauz etc. ) . 
  its south was more mixed because the russians had colonized in the 19th century different populations there .
