  the * promise * of a referendum without a real referendum is a tool to get votes . 
  the point stands that * russia was not the aggressor * . 
  done what ? 
  reacted to action from georgia ? 
  russia was not the aggressor in that war . 
  these people are from the 30s , at best . 
  if you think the only difference between georgia and the eu is a few american airbases , you are utterly deluded . 
  well , who 's going to invade us ? 
  so is this as unimportant as i assume , or did the entire danish economy just collapse ? 
  correct - i have no interest in your lack of education and your assumptions . 
  you also have no right to talk about facts and logical reasoning . 
  i know about stalin . 
  i also know that you have no right to call anyone ignorant . 
  so you 're saying it would have been good for the nazis to win ? 
  you piece of shit . 
  got any reason for that assessment ? 
  ok , ok , far * ther * right . 
  whatever . 
  i know that . 
  the portion of the tory party that is anti-eu tends to lean right on other issues . 
  step 1 : keep telling the far right wing of the tory party to shut up until they defect to ukip and so become borderline unelectable . 
  step 2 : keep delaying the referendum until labour get elected and scrap it . 
  step 3 : trading . 
  fucking engels , telling everyone else how shit our cities are . 
  germans tend not to like it when you yell achtung as a greeting , especially if you follow up with shpitfeuer !, 
  they have links to neonazis , you have accusations . 
  it 's not paranoia if you have evidence . 
  who 's being funny ? 
  your post genuinely was paranoid trash . 
  it 's about what your post deserves . 
  i 'm not making wild accusations , but op is in on the conspiracy !, 
  everyone , paint swastikas on your tinfoil hats , it 's the only way to be safe !, 
  false flag ? 
  it 's an army in disguise ? 
  never claimed that i did . 
  never claimed that was hate speech . 
  go put words in someone else 's mouth . 
  censoring hate speech , because that is what it is , is ok with me . 
  the original klingon version of the romance of the three kingdoms is much better . 
  yes , you were banned , so leave . 
  let 's see you be polite after repeatedly being called a deviant . 
  i have already refuted your homophobic filth . 
  go back and refresh your memory , bigot . 
  i take it you did n't see the post itself , in all its homophobic `` you people are like child rapists '' foulness . 
  nobody 's saying hold homosexuals over everyone else . 
  people want * equal rights * for homosexuals . 
  * equal * , not higher or better . 
  this happens to include marriage . 
  uh , in the post i replied to ? 
  in which you compared homosexuals to animals , rapists and paedophiles because you 're a bigoted shit ? 
  if you 're so keen on relationships between consenting adults , why are you against relationships between consenting adults of the same sex ? 
  `` she did n't fight back '' is something one commonly hears from rapists . 
  appropriate , as animals can not consent to sex with humans in any meaningful sense . 
   comparing homosexuality to paedophilia you foul little bigot . 
  children can not consent to sex either - it 's called the age of consent for a reason . 
  two consenting adults should be allowed to love each other and marry in peace without vile , hateful scum like you trying to call them deviants . 
  or , alternatively , * the right to marry * . 
  that 's what we mean , too . 
  or do you believe in some kind of same sex marriage conspiracy ? 
  alright you bigoted fuckwit , pay attention to this . 
  homosexuality is not the same in any way as bestiality . 
  two grown men or grown women can consent to sex and share a romantic relationship . 
  a human and an animal can not share such a relationship , as the animal can not consent to sex . 
  two consenting adults should be able to marry . 
  to deny this right to * consenting adults * is nothing but vile bigotry , and to compare a relationship between two consenting adults to a relationship between a human and an animal is not just bigoted and hateful but * stupid * . 
  oh yes , obviously denying people rights because they are `` deviants '' is giving everyone equal treatment . 
  but that does n't fucking happen , you idiot . 
  this is r/europe , not r/eu . 
  the implications you are complaining about simply are not there . 
  20 years since yugoslavia shat itself and died , is n't it ? 
  eatingcake supports the slave trade confirmed . 
  in the next 50 years , i would n't be surprised . 
  what i * want * from the eu changes one day to the next , but what i expect it will be in 20 years is simply a bigger , better integrated and more streamlined version of what it is now . 
  i doubt the uk will leave , as ukip seem destined for perpetual `` also ran '' status and eventually the really anti-eu members of other parties will just accept it . 
  well we 're not in fucking china , are we ? 
  `` we have just passed legislation outlawing the eu forever . 
  the bombing begins in 10 minutes '', 
  it 's sensationalist xenophobic garbage with a weird obsession with cancer . 
   daily mail, 
  it 's about on par with `` ww1 , therefore the french are coming '' . 
  yeah , no . 
  unpredictable things have happened , yes . 
  that does not mean china is going to invade uruguay . 
  no , tell me why holland would go to war with france . 
  you claimed that it could happen , now back that claim up . 
  all of this has happened before and it will all happen again . 
  why would any of those scenarios ever happen ? 
  against who ? 
  well what are you likely to need tanks for ? 
  can you hear the arab spring ? 
  springing the prongs of angry men !, 
  the northern league sound like they 're on a par with the bnp . 
  i wonder if the african union ever does things like this . 
  one only ever hears about it as a political forum . 
  whether or not they make headlines for having 50 % youth unemployment . 
  audi and volkswagen also sold very well , did n't they ? 
  no , no , every nation gets to pretend one week a year did n't happen . 
  pretty brave move using their free week so early , but it 's their decision . 
  there 's an old saying - if i did n't laugh , i would have to cry . 
  tory right wing : ban europe !,
