  do you honestly think that every pakistani in britain is waiting to bring down the uk when we least suspect it or something ? 
  well , putin 's defeated oligarchs before . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think they 've ever presented any kind of united front before . 
  hey russia , how about you keep war out of ukraine ? 
  reminds me of tom lehrer 's song about nuclear bombs egypt 's going to get one too they want to use it on - guess who !, 
  romania became independent of russian gas today . 
  i was expecting a picture of count dracula , as that seems to be this lunatic 's understanding of the jew . 
  well they have n't shut down is my point . 
  i 'm surprised putin and his thugs have n't just bullied them into shutting down . 
  he says `` i knew that a buk had come from lukhansk . '', 
  the article you linked says that he `` implied '' it had come from lukhansk . 
  `` i knew '' is not an implication . 
  for it to be factually wrong about something so simple does not fill me with confidence . 
  `` appears to imply it came from lukhansk '' he * directly states that . 
  * he says it very clearly . 
  this alleged uncertainty over whether there was a buk that this new interview invents - in the reuters interview he very clearly states that buk is present in rebel groups , he clearly states that buk units were moved back into russia from rebel territory and he speculates that this was part of a coverup . 
  there is no question , no uncertainty , he stated these things clearly . 
  the article you link directly contradicts evidence we have all seen , and in the place of evidence of its own all it can do is accuse others of lying . 
  all who oppose tsar putin must be sent to siberia with shackles and shaven heads . 
  i will say the same to you as i said to the other idiot earlier . 
  if reuters are lying * what is the lie ? 
  at no point in the clip provided does he say those things . 
  he says that it came to him from lukhansk and that ukraine had intel that russia was providing rebels with buk . 
  how were these things edited ? 
  not some invented sentence you can tack a few words onto , listen to what he actually says and tell me how it was edited . 
  that page is not opening for me . 
  please either provide a different link or tell me * in your own words * what lies you think reuters have told about this interview . 
  please tell me in your own words what lies of omission reuters have committed . 
  well we have evidence of him telling the media , so he ca n't deny it now . 
  what missing information do you believe will change the whole interview ? 
  what cut line or question will suddenly reveal to all the world that no , russian-backed rebels did n't shoot down the jet ? 
  so who were the rebels being funded in the 90s , according to you ? 
  so , when do the idiots start trying to refute the interview ? 
  ah yes , mr. `` at least russia is honest '' was never trying to defend them . 
  you are a liar , and i am done talking to you . 
  when your only way to defend russia is by whataboutism and false equivalency instead of having any credible way to deny the atrocities the russian government performs , enables and endorses , maybe just stop defending russia ? 
  i will calm down when you stop being infuriating . 
  the reason people keep down voting your edited post , by the way , is because your post is still wrong . 
  oh yeah , equally as bad . 
  that 's why mexico is full of us soldiers disguised as separatists , is n't it ? 
  just like russia has lied repeatedly about the rebels in ukraine . 
  ... honest ? 
  when is the last time the russian government said something that was true ? 
  several cargo and transport planes were shot down by rebels in the week or so leading up to the shooting down of the jet . 
  link to the su25 claim ? 
  i 've never seen them say it . 
  russia has been proven or near as proven to be backing the rebels with equipment and training . 
  the most common theory right now is that the rebels * thought * they were shooting a military cargo plane . 
  i consider that * extremely * unlikely , but in theory yes . 
  i supported the sale for purely practical reasons right up until the missile hit the plane . 
  now , i 'm definitely in favour of cancelling it . 
  yes , but that idiot above me is specifically saying `` ethnically european '' , so i do n't see how changing the terms is relevant . 
  do n't lump us in with his shit , he 's on his own . 
  you are speaking absolute nonsense . 
  are albanians not ethnically european ? 
  for that matter , what does ethnically european even mean ? 
  i 'm british , am i more or less european than a dane ? 
   at 56 they have been going at it all my life shit , i 'm 22 and i 'm already devoid of the ability to care about it . 
  i ca n't imagine how exhausted i 'll be in 30 years . 
  definitely some bad news this week , but i 'm very happy to see the reduction of regions going ahead . 
  liberal in the meaning of small government , laissez-faire do what thou wilt . 
  indeed . 
  russian relations with china are as good as they 've ever been , and they 're really splashing the cash in central asia . 
  little do they know that the real r/ostrololo is being held prisoner , and this post was made by an impostor !, 
  i remember another journalist quit on air a few months ago . 
  the russian government can not even run their own propaganda . 
  russia is backing the rebels . 
  this is so obviously true that i am astounded that anyone denies it . 
  criminal swine . 
  he was the king of the world , right until he feared there would be consequences for his actions . 
  not today , kremlin toady . 
  you will not get away with your lies today . 
  you can not possibly believe that . 
  bloody romans !, 
  coming over here ... 
  estonia is a very scientific nation , is n't it ? 
  lots of fancy internet things and universities and suchlike . 
  i sold something to a jew !, 
  that 's the same as slavery !, 
  oh absolutely , no one government can do everything , but i think it 's unfair to say she 's bailing out to avoid disaster , especially when we do n't know whether or not she 'll resign anyway . 
  that is a big `` if '' , given that the article is full of baseless speculation and spends as much time pointing out that she might be the longest-serving chancellor germany 's ever had as it does saying she 'll step down . 
  i do not deny the existence of these things . 
  i deny that they `` oppress white people '' as part of some racist government conspiracy . 
  merkel has been running the show for years . 
  if her policies are taking this long to backfire , that hardly implies they 're `` disastrous '' . 
  how dare we be against russian aggression ? 
  clearly a circle jerk to say they should n't invade other nations . 
   the us government oppresses white people for the love of god please be sarcastic . 
  60 is n't * that * old , is it ? 
  certainly not too old for politics . 
  i really want a return to the days of sneaking into embassies , secret compartments in shoes and all that dumb stuff . 
  maybe russian agents can start carrying poison-tipped umbrellas , it 'll be great . 
  pakistan is not so much stupid as violently schizophrenic . 
  i think you 're getting a little confused there . 
  gregor samsa woke up one morning to find that he had turned into vladimir putin . 
  you know how when you read mediaeval histories they say that the people believed jews drank blood or poisoned wells ? 
  i used to wonder why people ever believed such things . 
  now it seems like it 's back in fashion . 
  stannis is the mannis , all other kings are shit . 
  that was absolutely fascinating , thank you for linking it .
