  hollande 's concentration camps ? 
  go on , give me evidence of people being arrested for the sake of political convenience . 
  well here in the uk , we 've had a fair few protests against the government over the last few years . 
  there are always a few arrests , yes , but only a few and only when things turn violent . 
  maybe so , but in the west we do n't have our political opponents * arrested * . 
  the ussr was n't anywhere close to communist either , to be fair . 
  sounds like a fair charge . 
  the biggest surprise is that the russians are being so blatant about it . 
  if they had given the troops , say , an out-of-date ak variant , they could have passed it off as guns from an arms dealer . 
  well , he has people arrested for opposing him , for one . 
  also the military adventurism . 
  also the homophobia . 
  really , i do n't see why i should be * for * him . 
  well , shit , that 's not going to help calm things down . 
  i think the most likely scenario is that we 're vaguely pro-india , but not in a way that involves actually helping them or moving against china at all . 
  look at this picture of a kitten on top of a detailed map of the front !, 
  well , everyone needs a hobby . 
  surely they 'd just do more harm than good . 
  pun threads are just crap , though . 
  i had always thought that the next cold war would be china vs. india . 
  i 'm sure they can still have a go at it , but they 'll have to get a move on if they do n't want west vs. ussr round 2 to hog the spotlight . 
  can we not do this , please ? 
  are they not men ? 
  well what 's she supposed to speak , swahili ? 
   pathetic attempt of coup yanukovych is n't the president any more , so i 'd say the `` pathetic attempt '' worked . 
  yes , just look at how we eagerly went to war in syria for the us-oh wait . 
  fuck off with that 51st state bullshit . 
  i keep upgrading , but they just use the same software . 
  do n't try to lump me in with your lot . 
  surely at this point any sentence or punishment is meaningless . 
  it 's been 70 years . 
  they have some competing interests , but given russia 's heavy focus on the former ussr and china 's increasing interest in africa , it would probably be possible for them to coexist with some reorganisation . 
  do n't mind the telegraph , they like to pretend it 's still the 20th century . 
  the flag of republican spain is neither the only non-national flag to be a flair nor the only flag with potentially negative connotations to be a flair . 
  how about you stop presuming you know what my views or ideals are , eh ? 
  ioc utterly committed to looking as bad as it possibly can in any situation . 
  i was in canterbury during that bomb scare . 
  i was a little surprised to see they went with a photo of that recruitment centre for the article . 
  i had heard that it was a false alarm . 
  so , good job ira . 
  you brought a not-very-busy portion of a not-very-busy high street to a close for maybe 5 or 6 hours . 
  that 'll bring down westminster alright . 
  the jews and muslims who * choose * to live in denmark , many of whom * moved * there rather than being born there . 
  it 's not imperialism in any sense of the word . 
  it 's applying the existing culture to people who choose to join that culture . 
  you move to morocco , you take up moroccan culture . 
  you move to japan , you take up japanese culture . 
  you move to denmark , you take up danish culture . 
   cultural imperialism it 's not fucking imperialism if it only applies to people already in the country . 
   wikipedia, 
  oh fuck you . 
  first you hype up these other news sources , now you ca n't even name them ? 
  give me a link or two , if they 're so great . 
  what balanced , alternative sources present him as not being a thug , then ? 
  objectivity : the state of being objective tautological : the state of proving nothing . 
  an objective view is one * totally * uninfluenced by emotion or personal history . 
  please , show me an individual who can make such judgements . 
  no , not few . 
  none . 
  nobody , no single person is objective . 
  everyone is subjective . 
  that 's what subjectivity * is * . 
  name me someone who has objective interests . 
   politicians should represent us  politicians should br objective pick 1 . 
  most `` average people '' do n't know much about diplomacy or economics , shall we abandon democracy ? 
  bird sings , enrages eurosceptics . 
  sack of rice falls over , enrages eurosceptics . 
   pr any westerner with a shred of common sense thinks he 's a thug . 
  that 's good pr , right ? 
  can you suggest a better one ? 
  greenpeace , as ever , caring more about being in the press than doing any actual good . 
  you do n't sicken me . 
  you 're too pathetic and contemptible even for that . 
  you are the equivalent of the people who used to spam `` the cake is a lie '' . 
  every time you talk about race you get more and more wrong , both factually and morally . 
  globalisation is an economic concept , nitwit . 
  it has nothing to do with race . 
  yes , that 's how i respond to your half baked conspiracy theories . 
   baking elites ein loaf , ein rye ... 
  there are like 5 different , equally valid reasons to disagree here . 
  this seems awfully sudden . 
  * lola rennt * is the closest cinema has ever gotten to resembling a video game . 
  i highly recommend it . 
  just tell them how much you love breaking bad , and ask what colour their meth is . 
   black hole  destroy the universe learn to hawking radiation . 
  what . 
  you see nations that warred with each other for centuries cooperating in pursuit of knowledge and information for all of humanity , and your first thought is that world war 3 will start when a shipment of computer parts arrives late ? 
  looks like rain , let 's fuck with the irish . 
  why do so many of these involve masturbation and fire ? 
  my guess is that they 'll vote to stay by a considerable but not overwhelming majority . 
  i think we once accidentally conquered the republic of ireland in a weather forecast . 
  yorkshire born and yorkshire bred strong in the arm ... 
  then do n't post in eurovision threads . 
  it 's not anti-russian sentiment , it 's anti-innocent people being beaten in the streets  how do happy , healthy gay people prove the utter invalidity and stupidity of homophobia ? 
  i do n't know , how did jesse owens prove the nazis wrong ? 
   ford gm and whatsitcalled chrysler ? 
  like a married couple taking a trip together , something like that ? 
  when the russian position is so clearly and repulsively wrong , pointing out this wrongness is no bad thing . 
  better looking like that than being thugs and barbarians . 
  a real referendum might end up surprising the politicians .
