  also , whores and rape . 
  they look fine to me , what 's the complaint ? 
  if the american accents have moved that far away from what washington or franklin spoke , why the fuck would you think you sounded more like a mediaeval briton than a yorkshireman or a scouser or whoever else . 
  it just makes no sense to me . 
  `` they 're both wrong '' , so we judge all language and grammar by comparing it to the year 1400 ? 
  that accent thing is total bull , and i have no idea how anyone ever came up with it . 
  modern american accents are nothing like how the pilgrims or founding fathers sounded , let alone mediaeval peasantry . 
  indeed , the secret german cyborg project is coming along nicely . 
  they are also working on olympic weightlifters with diesel-powered arms . 
  estonia more important than spain or poland confirmed . 
  it took longer than they hoped but less than i thought . 
  damn it , kim robinson !, 
  ah , i guess we can still get jupiter . 
  that has some very nice moons . 
  china does too . 
  i believe that calling the ira irrelevant and the hard line loyalists barbarians is 100 % true . 
  of course , the ira has not been relevant for years , but when 's the last time these barbarians knew anything about the modern world ? 
  two ships will not change the character of a navy of that size . 
  do you have a source for any of these claims ? 
  excellent . 
  the russian space programme is descended from what was once the finest in the world , and i would love to see them get a little of the old magic back . 
  russia did not invade georgia in a war of aggression . 
  the russians had already paid and the ability to sell something as big and expensive as a warship depends on people trusting you to go through with it . 
  no , really , this one will be different !, 
  it wo n't be run by thugs and gangsters , honest !, 
  please , by all means , explain how moscow 's actions in the past weeks - making threats , cancelling imports on flimsy pretences , etc. 
  - have been anything other than childish bullying . 
  well gee , i sure am sorry i tried to have a conversation with someone on this site . 
  le coq demonif, 
  it 's a good reason not to insert it into some fucking idiotic conspiracy theory though . 
  hurr , interesting timing on these things that happened months apart, 
  if at any point you are optimistic about people on the internet , you are a fool . 
  well that 's just terrible . 
  which do you think will happen first ? 
  putin 's regime collapsing , or the whole country falling apart ? 
  that 's an old soviet law , is n't it ? 
  or is it even older , and just one of the imperial laws the soviets did n't bother changing ? 
  oh fucking christ `` he 's not talking about ethnicity '' `` look , he talks about ethnicity right there '' `` but he 's not talking about ethnicity though ! '', 
  i give up . 
  no , the fact that he keeps going on and on about poor oppressed white people is what means his shit is based on ethnicity . 
  oh fuck off , that filter has been talked about for months if not longer . 
  also , you can turn the filter off . 
  just pointing that out . 
  i was hoping he was just strange , not a racist . 
  who is defending them ? 
  at this point i no longer know if it 's funny or tragic . 
  the precursor to the precursor to joining the eu . 
  athens has never appealed , but i went to rhodes and loved it . 
  does the bottle have a little picture of g\u00f6ring ? 
  `` i have just passed legislation to outlaw russia . 
  the bombing begins in 10 minutes '' - ronald reagan . 
  the turkish government gets a lot of flack here , and rightly so , but they 're not all bad . 
  you cunning devils . 
  surely they will not enforce this law against facebook or google . 
  this will just be a way for russia to complain about nsa , etc. 
  right ? 
  so first the russians lose romania , then moldova - how long until it 's transinistria ? 
  i may be wrong , but i think there are also asteroids named pacman and sonic the hedgehog . 
  i guess i must be ignorant , because i had thought they already had it . 
  yes hello , welcome to europe . 
  would you prefer a russian rifle ? 
  a german tank ? 
  a french jet ? 
  selling weapons to tinpot dictators is just what we do . 
  so this is just some kind of popularity move ? 
  `` look at me , i 'm being tough with europe '' , that sort of thing ? 
   now everyone can write history then it 's not written by the winners , is it ? 
  that 's what richard nixon said , and look what happened to him . 
  i do n't think `` criminals can make a lot of money '' really counts as a `` market with room for expansion '' . 
  if history is written by winners , why do we know so much bad shit about the usa , or any other powerful nation ? 
  do big companies not dominate in russia ? 
  so romania starts selling cows and beef to someone else . 
  they make the same amount of money from it , more or less , and russia loses out on a source of food . 
  it 's like shooting yourself in the foot is their government 's hobby . 
  tell me where a civilian can legally buy a tank , or else drop the subject . 
  ah , all talk and nothing to back it up . 
  what a worthless post . 
  your case that yes , western media do report unpleasant truths about western leaders ? 
  you make a very serious accusation . 
  back it up with some evidence . 
  well , look at all the news stories we see in this sub about spanish leaders or italians , or etc. 
  to an extent , yes . 
  there are corrupt leaders and lying media in the west , the same as anywhere else . 
  the difference is , in the west we often learn of these things from other western sources , while in russia puti and his allies have almost total control over politics and media . 
  well shit , i 'd been feeling hopeful about angara . 
  though i guess it 's better that whatever flaw it is turns up now rather than later . 
  how can it possibly be a land grab ? 
  no country can be forced into the eu . 
  yes , i 'm pretty sure the whole point of the candidate/negotiation system is to identify problems and move towards solving them . 
  if you can show me where one can legally buy a tank or a modern rocket launcher in ukraine , i will concede the point . 
  until then , i 'll just think you 're deluded . 
  i believe her exact words were `` he 's living on another planet '' . 
  do n't thank me , thank ... uh ... now i think about it i ca n't remember where i read it . 
  i know i got it from somewhere , though . 
  winter has gone , summer is here for this we thank our party dear . 
  oh yeah , they legally bought tanks and modern rocket launchers . 
  if it was a few guys with rusty bmps and rpg7s i 'd call them rebels , but come on . 
  oh dear , the telegraph is acting like a slightly mad grandfather again . 
  anyone who is a muslim is a muslim agent . 
  anyone who is not a muslim is a * well disguised * muslim agent !,
