and in six months , it will be `` fear of german recession looms '' and six months after that it will be `` german manufacturing at all-time high '' and so on into eternity . 
  canterbury : the canterbury tales , a work of old english literature by chaucer . 
  it concerns a group of pilgrims travelling to canterbury cathedral . 
  it 's one of the oldest known english literary works . 
  we 're also known for being the centre of the church of england . 
  the cathedral is enormous , and at night it looks like hogwarts . 
  what in god 's name does that have to do with anything ? 
   were the ussr and nazi germany a single power bloc working together towards identical goals in every situation ? 
  if that 's your definition of `` ally '' , then you must logically believe that no two nations have ever been allied in human history . 
   the western allies were n't involved in the lead up to world war ii ? 
  they were n't involved in the partition of poland . 
  japan was in the axis , but i would n't say they were involved in italy 's campaign in north africa . 
  lastly , i think the fact that you 've been reduced to insulting me and the people who agree with me displays the bankruptcy of your own horrendously illogical position . 
  ... yes . 
  i state that two nations working together to a common goal ( and who signed a pact ) are allies ( that 's lower-case allies , not upper-case allies ) , so * obviously * i 'm trying to make the western allies ( who are n't fucking involved in this story ) look like perfect golden knights . 
  obviously . 
  well for one thing , when they split poland down the middle . 
  i 'm not even touching the second part of that post , mind . 
  my history teacher when i was in secondary school once said `` there was a time when the average western history student knew more about leon trotsky than the average russian history student '' . 
   the regulator said yesterday it will spend $ 350 million only once a day to support the ruble when it breaches its trading band , another step toward a free floating currency . 
  forgive me if i am misunderstanding this , but does this mean that the russian central bank is planning to spend $ 350 million per day for the foreseeable future ? 
  does any other nation 's central bank have a similar system in place , or is this fairly unique ? 
  because i 've certainly never heard of , say , britain or germany doing it . 
  judging purely on a technical level - `` did this pact prevent the ussr 's former ally from invading it '' , for example - i would have to say that there was something very wrong with it . 
  it did n't fucking * work * . 
  we have seen russia go from `` there will be no sanctions '' to `` these puny sanctions will do nothing '' to `` russia collapsing would be bad '' to this present state over the course of , what , four months ? 
  i smoked for a few years , i would say the health labels were at least a small part of why i quit . 
  `` parade of death and self-destruction '' sounds like a heavy metal lyric . 
  you , on the other hand , do n't seem so useful . 
  the bond between soldiers is famous . 
  `` we happy few , we band of brothers '' and all that . 
  poppies are symbolic . 
  if you did n't know that , you could have asked why we used poppies instead of being argumentative . 
  another relevant clip would be milhouse talking about the collapsing factory . 
  `` first it started to fall down , and then it fell down . '', 
  that castle looks like the sort of place where fairies would live . 
  exciting stuff . 
  you know , if they had n't invaded crimea this headline would have been `` new oil source boosts russian economy '' . 
  russian military prolongs western sanctions , provokes further capital flight , speeds collapse of russian economy . 
  should they not be as intelligent as anyone else ? 
  i think the greens also have more meps than the lib dems . 
  you can not paint this as being some tiny fringe party demanding equal footing with labour or the tories , this is a serious national party being denied fair representation . 
  i always think of that building as the doom fortress . 
  is there any way i could petition the romanian government to change the name ? 
  i do n't get it either . 
  here in europe we have some first class despotism , easily the equal of anything an asian or african tyrant can manage . 
  i vaguely recall reading somewhere that that used to be a slogan , and it seemed relevant . 
  if not , i apologise for making an arse of myself . 
  after tito comes tito . 
  after all the other attempts to replace the russian empire have failed , i 'd give this a year or two before calling it a long term project . 
   whiskey it only has an e if it 's from ireland or america . 
  if it 's scotch , it 's whisky . 
  i would imagine smoking is also part of the problem . 
  if we outlaw cholesterol only outlaws will something something . 
  russian foreign policy over the last 10 or so years can be summed up with `` why does everything i whip leave me ? '', 
  i think that 's the joke . 
  the singer ca n't think of anything interesting about the island . 
  they are , actually . 
  the oil branch of gazprom has been hit with sanctions several times , for example . 
  righteous indignation and love for fearless leader putin will not keep the gravy train rolling forever . 
  either something in russia changes , in a big way , or else it will be an oversized north korea . 
  is n't that what happened to lenin , way back when ? 
  who has n't ? 
  what nation in the history of the world has not mythologised its own history ? 
  that is not a western phenomenon , it is a phenomenon of all human civilisation . 
  i do n't see how this was warmongering . 
  his primary points were that russia is generally antagonistic towards the eu , that the eu has in recent years started to be more antagonistic towards russia in response to this , and that china is in a much stronger position with regards to russia now than it was a few years ago . 
  none of this is calling for conflict , it is merely stating that events have transpired in a certain way . 
  well , i think it would be fair to say that the ussr had a lot of internal problems that would have forced it to collapse eventually , but the usa sped that process along significantly . 
  they might have shortened its lifespan by 30 or 40 years . 
  can you provide a source on that ? 
  in all seriousness , if this encourages more romanians to work in romania , that has to be a good thing . 
  has n't there been concern over the last few years about brain drain ? 
  what about this ? 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_northern_war just barely in the 300 year limit , but does n't it count ? 
   the colonel has been under observation because our counterintelligence found it suspicious that he has so many russian friends . 
  ok , replace `` russian '' with , say , `` jewish '' and tell me how that sentence looks . 
   the lawyer managed to gain some secret information but was arrested before he could give it to russians . 
  unless he was caught in the act , how do you know who he was about to give the information to ? 
  maybe he was n't going to give it to anyone . 
  maybe he wanted it to blackmail someone . 
   he has dual-citizenship : polish and ... russian . 
  that proves nothing . 
  so you think that the actions of the labour party 10 years ago mean that the conservative party today can not complain ? 
  do you not get how democracy works ? 
  the whole point is that the different parties have different policies and opinions . 
  there was electoral fraud for centuries before today , and there will be electoral fraud when we are all voting in the mars colony independence referendum . 
  hacking and online surveillance is merely a new facet of an existing problem . 
  under suspicion * of spying * , not * spying for russia * . 
  yes , that seems like a natural assumption , but it is an assumption . 
  for all we know , they could be spying for bangladesh . 
  one of my lecturers at uni will , when talking about his home , consistently say `` yugosla - ah , macedonia '' . 
  one person falsely accused of spying does not mean that all alleged spies are falsely accused . 
  a student 's union is a glorified pub . 
  the national union of students is something entirely different . 
  ... and according to you that 's the only reason for a group to express a political opinion ? 
  though to be fair , american scaremongering was less to secure the government 's power and more a way for the military industrial complex to line its pockets . 
  still deplorable , but a different situation . 
  homosexual fascists lurk in kitchens across latvia !, 
  i never knew it was legalised in england and wales before scotland and northern ireland .
