  that is , that many americans consider invading iraq , halfway around the world , to be ok , but for russia to invade something next to it is not . 
  the red line that must not be crossed is a lot harder for one 's own culture to reach is his point . 
  anything ones own culture does is more acceptable in the mind of the average person than anything equivalent another culture does . 
   he would not support us annexation of canadian territory who the fuck * would * ? 
  * all quiet on the western front * is a hell of a book , i 'll agree . 
  i certainly do n't agree with everything he says , but even when he 's hugely , objectively wrong i 'm glad somebody is saying what he says . 
  an argument can make you thoroughly examine your own position , even if it does n't actually change your mind . 
  i think that 's an important thing to have , so that we do n't just all go in one direction by default without really considering it . 
  i 'm going to go ahead and doubt that every far-left person in europe has been utterly silent for 2 months . 
  oh would you look at that http://www.truth-out.org/opinion/item/23448-noam-chomsky-red-lines-in-ukraine-and-elsewhere, 
  come to think of it , i wonder what chomsky 's reaction to tsar putin has been . 
  portugal and ireland have both unfucked themselves this year . 
  we 're marginally less terrible now on average than we were before !, 
  do they just spring out of the ground like flowers every time the eu does anything left-wing ? 
  well , yes . 
  british soldiers paid by people in the capital of britain . 
  is that not how armies work ? 
  are russian troops not paid by moscow , chinese by beijing , indian by new delhi ? 
  what about , what about , what about, 
  he 's a dirty old man who goes around talking about rape and sex and also being a serious academic , it 's great . 
  or politics , or sports , or business , or art - really , lots of things can turn a good person to evil . 
  no fucking way . 
  seriously ? 
   andrew the apostle well i guess the clue is in the name with that one . 
  thanks for correcting me , noddy . 
  i thought never completing your collection was the point of it , though . 
  i doubt that . 
  i 've been to a few different markets recently , and not heard anything about any kind of ban . 
  in britain we call him saint andrew , and his x cross is why the scottish flag has a big white x on it . 
  i do n't think he was an apostle , though . 
  looks more like a big fat rhino . 
   tzar vladimir with the way the russian economy is going ? 
  more like tsar hunger . 
  oh fuck off , nobody cares that you 've read orwell . 
  19 attempts , most of them either ` stans or arab nations i stabbed at in `` well it 's got to be near israel * somewhere * '' mode . 
  at the very least we hate each other less than we hate most other people . 
  i 'm sure jeremy clarkson would invest in it . 
  just do n't let him know you 're foreign - maybe wear a bowler hat and carry the * telegraph * with you , as a disguise . 
  the existence of other problems does not make it a bad thing to take action on one problem in particular . 
  they can have all independent culture and sovereignty they goddamn well want , we 're still allowed to comment on laws and systems that strike us as unfair or flawed . 
  my ability to comment on the news does not end at national borders . 
  but the businesses * are n't in russia any more * . 
  that is what capital flight means . 
  companies that had a vested interest in a healthy russia have left . 
  i never said that . 
  the two situations are not comparable , and no amount of your stupid non-sequiturs will change that . 
  ok , just ignore russia 's crippling capital flight problem and teetering economy . 
  they are not comparable because one lead to military conquest and one did not how the fuck can i possibly make this clearer to you ? 
  one lead to invasion , one did not . 
  one lead to an obviously invalid referendum , one did not . 
  one lead to tsar putin , one * did not lead to king cameron * . 
  well when british tanks conquer western ukraine , maybe then your false equivalence will stop being false . 
  until then , the two are not even remotely comparable . 
  it was n't unrest deliberately sowed by a foreign power as a pretext for invasion . 
  after the amount of capital that fled russia after the crimea ? 
  a number of politicians squirmed out of sanctions over crimea but said a lot of `` if this carries on , then we 'll get serious '' . 
  they ca n't afford to do that forever . 
  it 'll be either sanctions , and heavy ones , or lose the next election to someone who was calling for sanctions and got denied . 
  a : how many monarchies do you think there were in post-independence africa ? 
  b : having to worry about a coup does not excuse decades of relative inaction stop being an apologist for incompetents and criminals . 
  they 're not children . 
  that list is n't * better * , it 's * less bad * , and in any case is not enough to justify the ethiopian coup and subsequent complete and utter mismanagement - to give just one example . 
   ethnically homogenous not to 98 % levels . 
   surrounded by rich neighbours north korea , the ussr , japan ( who hate them ) taiwan ( who hate them ) , india , mongolia - not a good list . 
  china , then . 
  in the 1960s - a dictator controlling a population split between subsistence farming and some , mostly foreign-funded factories . 
  absolutely no power outside its own borders . 
  now - still dictatorial , but a force to be reckoned with in the world . 
  it has taiwan 's old unsc seat , an active space programme , a growing military , etc. 
  could nigeria not have transformed itself in that way ? 
  what about kenya ? 
  could they not have done the same ? 
   dictators installed by the west nkrumah was chosen by the people of ghana . 
  the military coup that took over ethiopia was entirely a product of ethiopians tired of haile selassie . 
  nasser was pure egyptian . 
  the biafran independence movement * was * supported by the west , but then it was conquered by nigeria . 
  it 's not as simple as evil westerners installing puppets wherever we go . 
   not enough time 50 years was enough time for germany to go from kingdom to nazis to east and west germany . 
  50 years was enough for the usa to go from civil war to growing economic power . 
  50 years was enough for china to go from a maoist embarrassment to the next superpower . 
  50 years is plenty of time for any nation to change its position in world politics . 
  is the government of russia just an asylum full of lunatics at this point ? 
  the people of africa have had 50 years to undo that . 
  50 years to set up partitions of artificial countries . 
  50 years to restructure their economies . 
  50 years to change their situation for the better . 
  if they have ( for the most part ) not done so , it 's not our fault any more . 
  we did n't manipulate them into electing megalomaniacs and dictators . 
  we did n't order them to genocide darfur , or squander aid money , or start military coups . 
  i 'm seeing mussolini as the wacky next-door neighbour who 's always dragging hitler into his hijinks and get-reich-quick schemes . 
  at some point , what happens in africa stops being the consequences of european imperialism . 
  we 're 50 years on from the end of empire . 
  it 's not ours any more , and it certainly is n't our fault any more . 
  we may as well blame turkey for every crime that occurs in the balkans . 
  my point is that looking at the citizens of a province deciding to hold a referendum and then trying to * ban that * is tyranny . 
  it 's literally stopping the people from expressing their views using the law . 
  that 's oppression . 
  bestselling does n't mean good . 
  i know it 's an obvious target , but * twilight * sold well . 
  first mein kampf , now this .
