  sorry , it 's official now . 
  all austrians must move to the congo and all congolese to austria . 
  though not all the congolese will fit . 
  do you suppose some room could be made in switzerland or italy ? 
  everything that happens between russia and china for the next 30 years - every political meeting and argument , every military joint training exercise and staredown , every free trade deal and protectionist tariff - will be done with the knowledge of this deal . 
  unless one or the other of them falls into the sea , i do n't think either of them is going to have reason to really regret this . 
  bela lugosi turned out ok . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's also the anthem of latveria . 
  i 'm borderline-autistic about good beer and i usually stand and wait at road crossings even if there are no cars around . 
  does that count as a genuine link to germany ? 
  you * literally * conflated religious belief with `` having screws loose '' . 
  that 's not a strawman , that 's your post . 
  sure is euphoria in here . 
  i 'm actually an atheist . 
  it 's just that unlike you , i do n't go around saying all religious people are unstable . 
  go back to r/atheism , little boy . 
  i ca n't help but notice that all you do is post questionable articles about how the eu is totally falling apart guys , no really it 's totally dying this time . 
  dude . 
  get other interests . 
  ... yes , that 's rather the * idea * of christianity . 
  that 's like saying `` well according to the dalai lama , we are all reincarnations of older souls , so there 's that '' . 
  if by `` poison the public perception of patriots '' you mean `` accurately report what a racist says about romanians '' . 
  the * military * and * military jobs * will get people off the streets . 
  do n't talk about `` a child 's understanding '' and then demonstrate an absolute lack of reading comprehension . 
  military jobs , for a start . 
  gets people , especially bored young men ( who might otherwise be attracted to crime ) into the working world . 
  then there is national prestige , which while intangible can have a very big effect on a country . 
  a significant amount of capital fled russia over the crimea invasion , and being able to portray a technologically advanced and vibrant scientific sector to the world will be a big help in getting it back into the country . 
  look , just stop approaching this on the assumption that space spending is bad and russia will keel over tomorrow . 
  it 's just not that simple . 
  so you think creating jobs is bad for an economy . 
  explain your bullshit . 
  it 's possible for something to be a good thing in small amounts , but bad for you if you have too much of it . 
  say , is n't there a common saying about `` too much of a good thing '' ? 
  so the russian economy will react poorly to military jobs , construction jobs and communications technology jobs ? 
  what ? 
  wiki says it 's coal-powered , so i guess even if it 's heavily damaged that 's not the worst possible thing . 
  edit : ... because it avoids the possibility of another fukushima disaster . 
  is the issue that nobody understood that ? 
  from the article : renovating two existing launch sites , building a new one in russia 's far east , lots of military satellites , lots of glonass satellites , probably some other satellites and more money for the development of new rockets . 
  and your motto can be `` nobody likes us , we do n't care '', 
  except that building an entirely new spaceport and massively expanding the numbers of both military and state satellite is n't `` taking money out of the economy '' . 
  it 's investing it . 
  the continuing development of the angara rocket family will probably be the most immediately expensive part of this spending boost , but even that will pay for itself in time . 
  fn could not ask for a better advert than this . 
  who cares what the americans are talking about ? 
  this is r/europe , not r/whineaboutcnn . 
  do you ever stop being bitter and hateful ? 
  given that ukip have made `` the foreigners are coming for your job ! '', 
  a key part of their platform , yes , a british party going to germany to find a printing press * is * pure hypocrisy . 
  if british jobs are so important to them , why are n't they getting a british press to do it ? 
  they 're the only printers who could do the job . 
   more profitable to fail than to succeed and now it 's ... springtime !, 
  for putin !, 
  and rossiya !, 
  winter !, 
  for ukraine !, 
  and gays !, 
  well there was this last year http://www.space.com/21806-russian-rocket-explodes-failed-launch.html the article states that `` russia 's proton rockets have suffered five major launch failures since december 2010 . 
  the most recent failure was in december 2012 , when a proton rocket launched a telecommunications satellite into the wrong orbit . '', 
  this is n't just one failure of a russian rocket . 
  their programme has been growing increasingly unreliable for years now , even previously rock-solid machines like the soyuz . 
  party like it 's 1959 !, 
  but in all seriousness , it is a shame that what was once the finest space programme in the world just ca n't do what it used to . 
  i see , thank you . 
  i still doubt russia would succeed in completely pacifying afghanistan , but it certainly sounds like they 'd have an easier time overall . 
  you ca n't be nostalgic for something that still exists . 
  yeah , looks like it . 
  yes , the american wizards looking into their crystal balls and summoning up rain with their magic . 
  i think `` tiger '' is slang for any nation with a fast-growing economy . 
  ireland was briefly the celtic tiger , for example . 
   the modern russian army could probably pacify afghanistan where the soviets failed . 
  not to argue , but could you elaborate on that ? 
  you know , it 's possible for us to comment on putin in a story relevant to eastern europe/eurasia without us being obnoxious . 
  however , it seems impossible for you to comment on putin without being obnoxious . 
  yeah , i 'm going to need some kind of source or proof for that paranoid assertion . 
  so ... no more strategic eastern bloc voting ? 
  my plan is for the royal navy and the irish navy to anchor their ships just off-shore and together we bombard northern ireland until it falls into the sea . 
  then we each go our separate ways and forget it ever existed . 
  it is , however , undeniably part of the establishment of the internet . 
  and who is opposing it ? 
  google and wikipedia . 
  the `` establishment assholes '' of our generation . 
  scotland 's national dish . 
  i highly doubt someone was told to never reply to one of your posts . 
  source ? 
   blaming `` the metropolitan elite '' . 
  that desperate for targets to attack , are we ? 
  damn . 
  i hope as many of them get out as possible . 
  most of what you have said is true , as far as i know . 
  though it 's worth mentioning that skylon is purely an unmanned satellite delivery system . 
  well , shit . 
   hundreds more were believed to be still trapped inside the mine , while more than 360 had been evacuated how big is this mine ? 
  simmer down boy , you 'll get your chance to eat the foreigners alive soon enough . 
  in the eu the men are real men , the women are real men , and the children are stolen by gypsies . 
  for to be homosex you must hitler . 
  the 90s were 15 years ago . 
  let 's all just let that sink in for a moment , and feel old . 
  also satan , wearing fishnets .
