  why ca n't any nazis write a decent book ? 
  i mean i 'm not asking for much , i 'll settle for a trashy thriller here , as long as it 's not terrible . 
  declaring independence illegal is hardly going to stop it . 
  and declaring a referendum illegal is just straight up oppression . 
  can we give it to the republic now ? 
  it 's just embarrassing at this point . 
  the best did die after the revolution . 
  so did the worst , and the average . 
  the revolution had no effect at all upon russia on the genetic level . 
   i 'm not a racist i just hate everyone who is n't white  no really guys i 'm not racist it 's just that non-whites are the worst  gas them all  i 'm not racist though, 
  i do n't hate the truth , i hate racists . 
  and the ufos . 
  i rather doubt that we will . 
  i think you 're just a paranoid racist who has never so much as met a muslim , or a homosexual , or any of the other groups you like to cry about . 
  the eyeshadow was a nice touch . 
  although to be fair , dostoyevsky wrote in a deliberately un-european , `` russian values '' style . 
  had they not dropped those principles already ? 
  is this important at all , or are they just a few people who like to whine ? 
  well that took them long enough . 
  the side that gains territory still counts as the side that won the war , to my way of thinking . 
  they did win the winter war in the end . 
  germany was also the homeland of marx , do n't forget . 
  facebook ca n't have long after that . 
  just one big mutated family . 
  and do you think they 'll go with the queen over a democratically elected leader ? 
  are you so certain ? 
  a pm and parliament willing to override the public will have no qualms about overriding the queen . 
  do you think she has magic ? 
  hypnotism ? 
  this hypothetical dictator will have no motivation to listen to her and suffer no penalty for ignoring her . 
  and if the monarchy tried to stop a rampant parliament , do you think the pm would just sit down and stop his plans ? 
  the second any royal actively went against the will of parliament , we would become a republic . 
  it 's nothing but a bit of pantomime , and that could make it either easy to get rid of or hard to get rid of . 
  on the one hand , it does n't mean anything so why bother keeping it around ? 
  on the other hand , it does n't mean anything so why bother changing it ? 
  a country where anything can happen , and it usually does . 
  i ca n't even tell what 's news and what 's satire any more . 
  you said 90 % first . 
  do n't try to disguise your bigotry after the fact . 
  next week erdogan bans courts . 
  i think if anyone here is dreaming , it is you . 
  let 's combat bigotry with bigotry , that will end well for everyone !, 
  hmm . 
  maybe something about russian soldiers travelling from the cis to trans ? 
  i 'm sure that any gypsy couple who still intend to marry young will do so , but this is a very good step in the right direction . 
  also , i can not help but imagine the `` gypsy king '' as a jolly fat man with an impressive mustache in a brightly painted caravan . 
  i 'm sure he 's nothing of the sort , but it 's a nice mental image . 
  there 's a cis/transinistria joke in here somewhere , i just know it . 
  why not dispose of yourself and spare the rest of us your bullshit . 
  to be fair , if britain invaded ukraine we 'd probably get a lot of complaints here too . 
  well hitler doomed himself by invading russia , so i guess they 're ok there . 
  i think if france gets to being the 6th republic we should just stop counting . 
  given that a : the russians have not attacked a nato member and b : they would be * insane * to attack a nato member i do n't see how expanding nato as a means of containing russia was a `` bad bet '' . 
  but i never said i did n't want to know about it . 
  i * do * know about it . 
  stop inventing this fake version of me to argue against and argue against the things i * actually * say . 
  first you bring in the rule against bigotry after i say nothing bigoted , then you invent this willful ignorance when i have demonstrated no such thing . 
  you wo n't stop `` replying '' . 
  you will stop lying . 
  ... and how do you go from this to me apparently `` not wanting to know about the soviet union '' ? 
  how the fuck did you go from one to the other ? 
  what leaps of logic did you go through ? 
   you do n't wan na know about soviet union will you just stop making up lies already ? 
  seriously . 
  stop inventing things to say about me . 
  why , precisely , did you quote the one about bigotry ? 
  in what way is that relevant ? 
  furthermore , i argue that you bringing up the nazis adds nothing to the conversation . 
  this is not a conversation about nazis , this is not a conversation about anything related to nazis . 
  why did you bring them up ? 
   why do n't you wan na know history fuck you , i never said anything like that . 
  but does it mean anything any more , with , say , estonia and belarus being opposite countries in terms of politics and economy ? 
   post-soviet ca n't we stop saying this ? 
  there are people of voting age alive now who were n't even born when the soviet union collapsed . 
  if you 're ok with swearing an oath to the crown , why all this about republicans ? 
  are they going to find it any better ? 
  whether you like it or not , the queen is at least on paper in charge of the uk . 
  therefore , it only makes sense for soldiers to swear an oath to her . 
  this is not some kind of complex idea . 
  it is absolutely freedom fighter bullshit for you to blather about making political viewpoints illegal when people in a democracy have to take an oath . 
  look at places where political viewpoints are * actually * illegal , then whine about how the mean old monarchist oath hurt your feelings . 
   making a political viewpoint illegal i advocated no such thing . 
  do n't try to turn this into some kind of freedom fighter bullshit . 
  there really are n't very many british republicans . 
  certainly not enough to make it worth the hassle of redoing the oath . 
  there is nothing inherently russian in national service or conscription . 
  this is more like 1.5 than 2.0 . 
  try not to put an idiot like gamelin in charge this time . 
  well if it 's anything like last time it all kicked off , russia has 2 or maybe 3 annexations left before we actually get involved . 
  that would be easier if russia were n't clearly and obviously in the wrong . 
  oh absolutely , they 're just hypocrites . 
  but if they want to define themselves as libertarians , i will judge them as libertarians . 
  i really do n't like linking to individuals but http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/20csva/european_parliament_backs_common_mobile_phone/cg24bz7 is an internet libertarian and http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/20cfep/russia_blocks_internet_sites_of_putin_critics/cg2axjg is that same individual praising putin . 
  oh , tons of `` internet libertarians '' ( as opposed to real life libertarians , who i still disagree with , but who are less awful ) are very much in his camp . 
  they tend to show up on the bigger subreddits , though occasionally a handful turn up somewhere else . 
  no , all you want is for me to take what you say on faith . 
  fuck that noise . 
  `` please , do my work for me '', 
  `` i have a source , i just ca n't cite it '' . 
  wonderful .
