  i guess i had assumed that it was legalised for all of britain at once . 
  i despise pun threads , but be fair . 
  that one was just lying there , waiting for the first person to say it . 
  putin had the opportunity , over the course of his reign , to make russia a vibrant , modern and succesful nation . 
  he has well and truly squandered it . 
  that is a very striking painting . 
  no matter what one thinks about assad 's government , the fact is that on a purely technical level he has handled the civil war like a fucking champ . 
  if nobody was investing in italy , the bloomberg article would be negative . 
  now that there is foreign investment in italy , the bloomberg article is negative . 
  is this the daily mail of financial news ? 
  russia is no more democratic than china . 
  it 's getting to the point where i would not be surprised to see russian politicians perform magic rituals or build a wicker man . 
   someone born in 97 is now 17 well now i feel old . 
  that was very interesting , thank you . 
  i think it 's mostly the fact that they 're spouting insane conspiracy theories . 
  i could link you to retired officers talking about ufos , that doesnt make it sensible to talk about flying saucers . 
  you said that the usa lied about russia 's invasion of ukraine and that they downed mh17 , so yes , you must be a madman . 
  well , good . 
  the more countries have marriage equality the better . 
  i would have assumed that the older generations would have kept that off the cards for a while longer , but i guess that shows what i know . 
   whore-fag law that sounds incredible . 
  i 'd call this post incoherent but that would imply that sometimes you post coherently . 
  does anyone know the russian for `` a taste of your own medicine '' ? 
  2013 and 2014 are two very different situations . 
  you may as well say `` in 1913 , franz ferdinand was very healthy '' . 
  selling to india is not diversifying . 
  the ussr sold weapons to india for years . 
  as for china , they like russian designs but they 've always preferred producing their own versions within china to buying from outside china . 
  so we are left with russia doing business with former soviet states in asia and nations that used to do frequent business with the ussr , but largely cut off from european markets . 
  no matter how you look at it , they 're in a bad spot . 
  they should care about having a diverse market for their products . 
  no , losing a handful of spare parts contracts will not do very much to russia economically or politically . 
  but this is just one more way that they are being shut out of europe and forced to rely on other markets . 
  were those for training ? 
  he never said that the american army was weak , simply that economists can defeat the usa 's enemies without needing to bother with the army . 
  it is by caffeine alone i set my mind in motion , it is by the beans of java that thoughts acquire speed . 
  the hands acquire shaking , the shaking becomes a warning . 
  it is by caffeine alone i set my mind in motion, 
  britain has its fair share of enemies . 
  if we were lying about isis , isis would have motivation to contact one of these enemies and tell them , to get the truth out . 
  why has this not happened ? 
  the simplest explanation seems to be that we 're not lying , and isis really are barbarians . 
  as unbelievably awful as putin 's russia is , i will not object to a national service system . 
  the stereotype is spain or france , but i think usa , canada , australia etc. 
  are also very common destinations . 
  we can not declare anything the bolsheviks did to be evil on principle , because that opens the door to `` stalin put sugar in his tea , therefore putting sugar in tea makes you stalin '' . 
  i was not aware of that . 
  i doubt it would have made a significant difference . 
  what do `` you yanks '' think ? 
  it used to be the sole force driving us to conquer africa , so on the whole i think this is an improvement . 
  if he does , good on him for educating himself and expanding his vocabulary . 
  that did n't work when they were conquering iraq , why would it work now ? 
  you would n't know insight if it bit you on the nose . 
  good for beer , good for the environment . 
  i 'm not seeing any kind of downside here . 
  is has already caused death and destruction on a massive scale in iraq and syria . 
  they clearly have the potential to do so elsewhere . 
  if there is a way for middle eastern and western nations to work together to destroy them , that way should probably be taken . 
  if greece becomes directly involved in fighting , it will most likely be entirely through air and sea power . 
  there will be very little risk to the safety of the greeks themselves . 
  getting young men with few or no prospects into a steady job ? 
  that will absolutely help the greek economy . 
  wow , that 's absolutely insane . 
  based on what i 've heard from some hungarians here , more like orban the barbarian . 
  it seems doubly stupid as any foreigner who wants to run a russian channel can surely just install a russian puppet and keep running it in secret . 
  my dad refers to carlsberg as alcohol-free swill . 
  we do n't usually see eye to eye on beer ( i prefer ale , he prefers lager ) , but i do think he has a point there . 
  that is a really good movie . 
  i should probably watch it again at some point . 
  yes . 
  of course . 
  one tradition is bad so all tradition must be bad . 
  perhaps the latvians are secretly waiting for the time to conquer the world . 
  belgium used to own the congo . 
  people might call afghanistan the graveyard of empires , but the eu is the old people 's home of empires . 
  yes , that 's called the eu . 
  you do understand that people have celebrated such anniversaries the entire time the eu has existed ? 
  if this has not caused the eu to disintegrate yet , i do n't see why it should now . 
  it 's ok , man . 
  i know the feeling . 
  estonia has a population of about 1.3 million . 
  less than one euro per citizen . 
  bit late for that lads . 
  surely $ 1 million is not very much at the national level anyway . 
  he seems like exactly the sort of person who should be in charge of russia , rather than the gangsters they have now . 
  in english that should be `` communists do n't fear difficulties '' . 
  it 's really quite impressive . 
  wow , viggo mortensen is a really versatile actor . 
  and every time i try to complain about it online , twitter crashes . 
  does anyone know which side the guys with rsfr flags are on ? 
  if what you get out of this is that the west is more scared of the potential outcome of this investigation than russia is , you 're delusional . 
  i 've had aldi beer before , it was quite nice . 
  equal opportunity thugs . 
  the cycle is speeding up . 
  it took ages for the tsarist system to collapse , but now look at it . 
  i honestly would n't be surprised if the russian federation collapsed within the next ten years . 
  they were always in a position where they needed the sanctions to blow over quickly , or else they would be in real trouble . 
  and in fairness to the russian government , that is what many in the west assumed would happen . 
  as it is , the longer the sanctions go on , the worse their position gets . 
  they are now so far steeped in this that it would be as hard to turn back as it would be to continue .
