  the eu : the best party you 'll ever go to . 
  it 's positively post-rubelian . 
  the history of medieval and renaissance europe in a nutshell : `` turk please leave '' `` no . '', 
  and now we wait for russians to laugh at this , as this is * totally * more severe than the buttfucking the russian economy has undergone recently . 
  it 's entirely normal , homophobe . 
  poor marine le pen , now what scapegoat does she have to get the people riled up ? 
  probably jews next , or perhaps gay people . 
  having actually paid attention to ukip , the front nationale and their ilk for the first time , it 's no wonder people are saying `` shit , anything but * them !, 
  you know i 'm not arguing with you , do n't you ? 
  yes , occasionally it 's useful and the rest of the time it 's just sort of neutral . 
  on balance , that 's better than the un or the au or what have you . 
  explain . 
  in today 's update of `` russian homophobia is as hilarious as it is tragic '' ... 
  the eu : occasionally good for something . 
  putin is hugely popular , but of course no politician is 100 % loved and no nation is made entirely of people with the exact same opinion . 
  sexy puns are a time-honoured tradition in cross-dressing . 
  a lot of eastern european militaries use russian-made tanks , transports , jets , artillery - basically , anything big and expensive and difficult for a small nation to make on its own . 
  russia 's a big place , and lots of people live there . 
  put a racist from south carolina next to barack obama and say `` but you are both american ! '', 
  nazis are not exactly known for thinking too much . 
  `` is it true that in the ussr and the usa people have the same amount of freedom ? '', 
  `` absolutely !, 
  in the usa you can say , in public , ` down with ronald reagan ' and you will not be arrested . 
  and in the ussr , you can also say ` down with ronald reagan ' and you will not be arrested ! '', 
  that car certainly is ugly . 
  but , i ca n't deny it 's also somehow charming . 
  it seems the trams are finally making their move . 
  nazism is a kind of fascism . 
  is n't that the old imperial flag ? 
  not fascist in and of itself , but fascists like to masturbate to it . 
  canterbury christ church . 
  it 's alright , as artsy/philosophy unis go . 
  well , `` tsar '' is derived from `` caesar '' . 
   most of which do n't feature on this at all can confirm , i go to cccu and you fuckers do n't even know what that stands for . 
  it 's worth mentioning here that stalin hated/feared the british empire more than the nazis for years , until the whole invasion thing happened . 
  correct ? 
  joseph stalin - look marxist , act marxist , not marxist . 
  mengistu - says he 's marxist , but he dethroned a beloved emperor by showing him a bbc documentary and he convinced everyone the famine did n't exist . 
  that marxist ? 
  hell no . 
  still not convinced ? 
  look at che guevara . 
  went full marxist , went home empty handed . 
  it 's the only cigar that can do the job . 
  compared to hitler or mussolini , this scumbag has no balls at all . 
  and that 's including hitler 's unfortunate testicular shortage . 
  oh the poor fascists , wo n't somebody please think of the fascists ? 
  does assaulting someone count as a good reason to be in prison ? 
  i mean , it seems to fit . 
   the bottom of the pyramid grows the bottom of the pyramid moves up a rung , and what was the second-bottom row is now the bottom . 
  this is not the same as the bottom row getting bigger . 
   new groups getting influence does not change the rules the president of the usa is black . 
  i 'll call that changing the rules . 
  you can go on and on and on about how it 's not `` real '' change , but that just makes it more obvious that you 're saying all this from a position of existing power , and that you 're overly dismissive about other people getting what you already have . 
   no significant change and here we see the white , middle class straight man , declaring feminism or black civil rights or same sex marriage `` insignificant '' because it does not immediately benefit him , personally . 
  well , churchill liked you well enough . 
  that 's not really relevant to a question of who did more to defeat the axis . 
  at the very least , life under soviet domination was less awful for eastern europe than life under nazi domination . 
  less gas chambers , for one thing . 
  what 's next , are you going to call the german you 're arguing with in this thread an ss man ? 
  ... because lots of russians fought to defeat the nazis and their allies in crimea ? 
  because ukraine was one of the major battlegrounds of the war ? 
  because as far as i know the russians have never held up world war 2 as them `` humiliating '' or `` overthrowing '' the usa ? 
   phallic shaped missiles let 's see you design a better shape for a flying object . 
  as for the question of the parade , why on earth should the russians not throw themselves a parade ? 
  it 's a perfectly legitimate way of celebrating a national event , and defeating the fascists seems like the sort of thing a nation would want to celebrate . 
  i think you 're interpreting everything through a pre-conceived narrative of `` the russians are being insulting '' without actually having anything to back it up . 
  on the other hand , what we , the canadians and the us did in the west would n't have been very much use if the soviets had n't been soundly thrashing the nazis in the east . 
  do we have to have it go straight from vowel to dolf ? 
  because i know an erdolf . 
  oh , so is * lady chatterley 's lover * . 
  the sexism of the old society and such . 
  it sounds like an english equvialent would be * lady chatterley 's lover * . 
  in it 's day , it was called things like `` barely more than pornography '' . 
  i do have a scanner , so no promises but i will definitely try . 
  well i love asimov , so that 's good enough for me . 
  all i know is that there was a song in an * evangelion * movie called * komm susser todd * . 
  `` i wish ... i could turn back time ... '', 
  the horse drowning in the swamp emotionally wrecked me as a child . 
  that shit was barbaric . 
  not many people rank ian fleming as one of the great british writers , but for all that his books are absolute * garbage * , the man was very good at what he did . 
  i am often reminded of one line he gave to m in ( iirc ) * casino royale * : `` this is not the berlitz school of languages , head of s . if you 're going to fill your report with foreign jawbreakers , be so good as to provide a crib sheet . 
  better still , write in english . '', 
  ooh , dodging catholic censorship is the * best * recommendation . 
  there are a number of comments on his sf novels , so i 'll just say that * the player of games * is the best of those . 
  it concerns a tyrannous space nation where politics and social standing is determined by one great game . 
  a person from , basically , * star trek * 's federation with drugs and robot prostitutes is sent to become their king by winning the game . 
  that sounds absolutely brutal . 
  i 'm going to go looking for it . 
  ah , but are those swedish books popular among the middle class , or among the working class who * want * to be middle class ? 
  i thought * candide * was just kind of ok right up until the very last page , which is fantastic . 
  everyone likes what they already know . 
  everyone likes an exotic country , because it makes them feel cultured and sophisticated . 
  combine the two and you have a winner . 
  he can be biased * against * america without being * for * everyone not america , you know . 
  also , where have i given you any indication that i consider him utterly fair and impartial and free of any and all bias ? 
  stop presuming to teach me that a writer has political motives , you patronising fuck . 
  i do n't think chomsky advocates annexation . 
  in fact , i think he does quite the opposite . 
  that article i linked about the invasion of crimea was making the point not that invading crimea is good , but that the western mental image of the line we must not cross and the line russia must not cross is very different .
