  it becomes increasingly difficult to straddle the west and russia . 
  with the rouble as weak as it is right now ( and will likely remain for the foreseeable future ) , importing more does n't seem to be an option . 
  can anyone comment on the ability of russian manufacturing to take up the slack ? 
  islamic state afraid that the west might forget about them . 
  we know what we like . 
  honestly i ca n't blame the man for making a living . 
  if willie ran for prime minister , i 'd vote for him . 
  mcdonald 's is only romantic if you also get her one of those napalm apple pies . 
  and yet , classical greece is the model for much of the western world to this day . 
  we choose to model ourselves on a bunch of racist sodomites . 
  start as you mean to go on , i suppose . 
  i would be willing to bet money that there was no such thing . 
  do you have a source ? 
  concentration camps , yes . 
  the fact is , it 's an efficient way to put a prison up in a hurry . 
  death camps , no . 
  the camp inmates did suffer greatly from disease , but diseases spread well in crowded conditions . 
  that 's nature . 
  when the scale of the deaths was discovered , the system was changed so that the inmates got extra rations in an attempt to keep them healthy . 
  they were often better fed than the guards . 
  we make each other a nice cup of tea . 
  the real target of this is isis recruiters . 
  fuck those people . 
  a bit rich of bloomberg to complain about the `` dangerous and ineffectual '' slowness of the eu when these eu sanctions are coming in before their us counterparts . 
  let 's put it this way . 
  muslims can debate how their religion should relate to the west . 
  this is fine . 
  muslims can say that the correct way for their religion to relate to the west is to reject it . 
  i wish they would n't , but fine . 
  when they decide that the correct reaction is to join or support a group that executes pows en masse , that is no longer fine . 
  i hope it stays under control then . 
  is there any flooding ? 
  it 's not a matter of free speech , it 's a matter of preventing people from aiding a group of murderous barbarians . 
  muslims can debate islam and its relation to western political systems in public all day long . 
  when they call for others to join isis , that 's where you have to draw the line . 
  bloody gandhi . 
  i love that they give everything mythological names . 
  i guess naming your high tech after monsters and gods is a universally human thing . 
  well , isis themselves are the ones putting out videos of mass executions , so that is n't overblown . 
  people are travelling from across the world to join them . 
  forbidding germans from doing so is a good thing . 
  we tried to conquer the world with battleships and soldiers , and when that did n't work we invented the bbc . 
  no , i think you 'll find that the people who behead journalists and stage mass executions of pows really are terrorists . 
  great news !, 
  it could n't happen to a more deserving bunch of thugs and savages . 
  sanctions targeting state banks and the oil industry , including the oil branch of gazprom . 
  excellent . 
  that would be lovely . 
  i see , thank you . 
  just to check , a fertility rate of 2 would mean an average of 2 children born to each couple in the region ? 
  can anyone with a good understanding of the situation explain what this is likely to mean for santander in the future ? 
  typical pro russian bullshit . 
  you all seem to believe that america and russia are the only two nations in the world with interests and agency of their own . 
  everyone else is , by your account , a puppet of a puppet of a puppet . 
  yes , how dare russia 's evil neighbours `` create tension '' by acting on their own rather than being vassals . 
  i do n't know . 
  now , that may sound like a non-answer , but until this year i considered myself fairly certain of where russia was going . 
  now , instead of being confident of where it will be in 10 years , i have no idea where it will be in 1 year . 
  oh , fuck you . 
  you say nobody has an opinion , he demonstrates someone stating that opinion in a newspaper . 
  that is proof that you were wrong , so grow up and accept it . 
   all of asia cyridius thinks japan , south korea , etc. 
  are dirt poor , confirmed . 
  yes , have you ever heard of a gendarmerie ? 
  it 's not uncommon for a nation to have a civil police force and a military one . 
  as for the fasces , that symbol predates fascism . 
  when do you think sarkozy will reappear ? 
  as one loophole closes , another will be found . 
  still , better to close them than do nothing . 
  though it may not be after the forehead independence referendum . 
  i said china and india , not the chinese and the indians . 
  the nations , not the people . 
  spiritual feelings are weakening because china ( largely buddhist ) and india ( largely every religion in the fucking world ) are wealthy ? 
  have you ever heard of the battle of crecy ? 
  i suggest you look it up , if you 're so certain guns are the only way for a peasant to kill a nobleman . 
  harold godwinson , king of england was killed in 1066 with an arrow in the eye . 
  guns are not some magic wand that bring democracy and freedom and do away with tyranny . 
  until someone leaks 300 pictures of showering teeth online . 
  does anyone know how likely this is to go ahead ? 
  or will it be debated forever until it quietly disappears ? 
  is there anything in the world that they like ? 
  for years microsoft were a synonym for corporate power ( and often all-conquering evil ) so i think they can hold their own . 
  can you prove that none of your grandparents were muslims ? 
  one more down , however many thousand to go . 
  do you actually know what the word shill means ? 
  it 's an advertising thing . 
  nothing to do with politics , and certainly nothing to do with anything in this thread . 
  you might as well call a tree an actor . 
  could it be because of how long he 's spent in service ? 
   art  feminine since when ? 
  as predictable as ever . 
  a growth of 120 % in the uk . 
  not bad at all . 
  and i knew the second i saw that this thread concerned islam that you would be in here calling everyone in the world a bigot . 
  if the king of saudi arabia popped in to give his view , you 'd call him islamopjobic too . 
  i was going for wrinkly old people , but ok . 
   the lizard people you mean florida ? 
  first it 's biden , now it 's john mccain . 
  who 's next in your paranoid parade ? 
  are n't you the one who wants more whimsy ?
