  just live in the moment . 
  the moment of giant dicks on mars . 
  did n't curiosity draw a giant dick on the surface of mars ? 
  i do n't think that one should be stripped of citizenship automatically , unless one fights for a side that opposes the original country . 
  so , a european joining isis should lose citizenship , but not one who gets involved in , for example , the situation in the central african republic where i do not believe any side is actively anti-europe or anti-western . 
  no , trains are more interesting . 
  i had n't heard of that . 
  excellent !, 
  i want someone to find a way to use that as a ramp . 
  i think we need to make this happen . 
  does anyone know if lloyd 's need a new office building ? 
  my dad told me , he works for europe . 
  yeah ? 
  prove it . 
  ebola is one of those diseases that might kill thousands of people in rough conditions but which is very unlikely to cause a major problem in any developed country . 
  in pomtopia we call any little green leafy thing in a jug a potplant . 
  i do n't think the aim is to create one homogenous africa . 
  it seems to be things like increasing international cooperation between african countries , supporting more integrated trade laws , that sort of thing . 
  state arms dealers are n't generally cheap enough for your average warlord or militia . 
  that 's why there 's a black market in the first place . 
  i think the hope of the russian government is that all this will be over within a year and they can start relaxing sanctions before too long . 
  long-term , i guess they 'll have to start importing more from central asian nations . 
  protecting the russian government from well-informed consumers . 
  poor magadget . 
  you do n't even have an argument any more . 
  all you have is `` no guys please stop pointing out how awful russia is '' . 
  he definitely seems to be attempting to state a fact , so i would like some kind of source as well . 
  so there never was a smear campaign , only the bbc getting input from all sides of a debate . 
  do n't mention something like that without even linking to it . 
  yes , by all means blame me for the actions of politicians decades ago . 
  fuck you . 
  object to what * i * say , not what you want to put into my mouth . 
  `` putin is evil because he shuts down all opposing media and politicians . 
  therefore we must ignore all criticism and opposing viewpoints ourselves '' . 
  do you recall what nietzsche said about fighting monsters ? 
  the government , at least at its higher levels , is not willing to leave the eu . 
  and you say you have no room for criticism ? 
  neither did emperor nero and look how well that turned out . 
  oh boy , this comment section wo n't turn into an argument or anything . 
  well then we can just sink them into the sea . 
  oh look , it 's magadget using everything to complain about america again . 
  what 's the weather like where you are ? 
  and how many times will you say `` iraq '' while you tell me ? 
  much as we wish they were n't . 
  and how , precisely , does acting in the german or french national interest lead to world war 3 ? 
  they can not fairly complain , but they still will . 
  please , tell us all how hollande and merkel are conspiring to start world war 3 . 
  i had n't known aeroflot was one of the sanctioned companies . 
  not to mention the nazi party . 
  looks like it 's a post-colonial strongman dictator lagging behind the rest of africa . 
  i guess someone has to be the last one , i wonder if eritrea or zimbabwe will hold out longer . 
  i never said it was good , i said it was better than russia . 
  six corporations may own 90 percent of channels , but in russia it seems that soon one gang will own 100 percent . 
  at least the corporations occasionally disagree with each other . 
  so would it be fair to say that this trouble is part of a wider struggle between russia and turkey ? 
  i do n't see anyone in this thread claiming that it is . 
  please remind me , how did white americans expand beyond the eastern seaboard again ? 
  if we are , it 's in a dune sort of way where we have one foot in the future and one in the 16th century . 
  there was an advert for ( i think ) ibm that commented on this . 
  `` if it were n't for your new drill , digging this tunnel could have supported 10 men 's jobs '' `` if it were n't for hand tools , this tunnel could support 200 slaves digging with sticks . '', 
  why would you assume i was being sarcastic ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  when did i say that ? 
  when did i suggest that russia would have the upper hand ? 
  these things have been undergoing testing for years . 
  if it were at all easy to hack a driverless car , that would have come up by now . 
  well , this is just fabulous . 
  now , to be fair , russia can always do business with china . 
  however , a lot of the infrastructure for business between russia and europe simply is not there for russia and china . 
  also , china as a single nation is probably in a stronger bargaining position than the bickering eu , so they 'll be able to get more favourable terms . 
  in other words , russia is in for a bumpy few years . 
  when did the usa make the claim that there were no neo-nazis in ukraine ? 
  i do n't remember them commenting on that . 
  `` supposed '' ? 
  there are no rules for national anthems . 
  some are religious , some not . 
  some are centuries old , some are new . 
  some do n't even have words . 
  yes . 
  what you have said implies nothing about its quality . 
  wow , you really do have nothing . 
  you have no basis at all . 
  so all you have is an assumption , and the only basis for your assumption is more than 10 years old . 
  well then show me a lie they 've told about ukraine . 
  i do not think that applies to this situation . 
  the us has not consistently made false claims about the situation in ukraine . 
  you constantly ask for sources , without providing any of your own . 
  well , you 're clearly lying right now , because everyone in the world has lied in their life . 
  so have you never lied in your life ? 
  one lie does not invalidate every statement made more than 10 years later . 
  ah , so you have nothing . 
  ok then . 
  please , show me someone saying `` ukraine might explode at any minute '' in 2013 . 
  and this time last year i could have said `` russia will not invade ukraine , that 's impossible '' . 
  it pays to be cautious . 
  how about the `` not being invaded by russia '' agenda , how does that sound ? 
  this article did not convince me that macedonia is on the brink of anything . 
  they have protests and controversy and national groups . 
  do you know who else has all that ? 
  every other nation in the world .
