  http://pressimus.com/interpreter_mag/press/2710 http://www.dw.de/russia-sent-tanks-rocket-launchers-weapons-to-ukraine-separatists-us-says/a-17706451 also , i point out that the us has told the russian government to disarm the rebels , and in turn the russian government did not deny arming them . 
  the few british who choose to go to syria are not given brand new rifles , vehicles , laser sights and air support . 
  come back when you have evidence of german soldiers pretending to be libyan rebels , because until you can do that it 's clearly not the same . 
  in libya , a real civil war broke out and then we picked a side . 
  in ukraine , one side of the civil war was full of russian soldiers in disguise from day one . 
  if one side uses war as a way of getting what it wants , and one does not , then the two sides are not the same . 
  ah yes , just like all those countries we invaded after they signed trade deals with china , right ? 
  tomorrow 's headline : russia announces stern opposition to sack of rice falling over . 
  that must be what happens to bad children . 
  and now we wait for some pro-putin idiot to call this western imperialism instead of , you know , three nations determining their own future for themselves without russian interference . 
  oh yeah , the stabilising presence of saudi arabia totally prevented isis , egypt , the syrian civil war ... 
  what will be done with the hole when the coal runs out ? 
  artificial lake ? 
  i 've encountered a czech homophobe on here before , who i strongly suspect was that clown in an alt account , so i 've seen that whole `` deviancy '' spiel before . 
  the support for rape was a new one , though , so it caught me off guard . 
   consent is irrelevant / u/laimil thinks rape is ok , you heard it here first . 
  certainly the soviet union did some good for the world , but a `` celebration of slavic friendship '' designed by them is automatically suspicious . 
  i admit , i laughed . 
  romania is already in the eu . 
  perhaps moldova next . 
  i do n't remember the last time i heard anyone say it . 
  most people who live and work in europe do so without ever spending a dime . 
  i mean , i understand what the headline is saying , but it 's like saying `` from new york to los angeles without spending a rouble '' . 
  well i was certainly never taught it in a science class , and i 've never met anyone who was . 
  it seems like all the poles on this sub will be happy to see him go . 
  is he unpopular with the population as a whole ? 
  i do n't see what can be bad about a modern democratic nation taking part in un exercises . 
  are there no high speed railways further east in russia , or are they just not shown on the map ? 
  why are the photos on the site upside down ? 
  good . 
  for germany to take more of an active role in the world is surely a positive thing . 
  it 's easy enough to find in the wild , but my point is that it grows in the wild . 
  all it takes is someone finding it while walking their dog in the forest . 
  let 's leave all drug politics aside for a moment and focus on fact : trying to ban a plant that people can grow easily and that grows strong in the wild is just never going to work . 
  `` complicated relationship '' ? 
  it 's a very simple business deal . 
   `` putin went as far as to call lithuania a robber '' heh . 
  the second hand can also be used as support when you 're badly drunk . 
  peeing standing up is as much an art as it is a science . 
  charles de gaulle is like dwight eisenhower in that i have great respect for his actions during world war 2 , but if he had keeled over dead somewhere around 1950 i do n't think the world would have lost anything of great value . 
  nationalist in the 19th century sense of wanting a nation-state , rather than nationalist in the sense of muslims derk are jerbs . 
  as i recall , the administrative region around saint petersburg is still called leningrad oblast . 
  yes , perhaps you 'd like to lock the `` subhumans '' up and gas them ? 
   studentski grad congratulations , you just named my dorm building . 
  mme le pen is not france . 
  yes , well , next time an election is decided by a fight to the death we 'll give you a call shall we ? 
  you asked who would sell them carriers , in theory . 
  not who is definitely selling them carriers next year . 
  stop trying to move the goalposts . 
  ah , so we 've gone from `` nobody else will ever deal with them again ! '', 
  to griping about the people who do , you know , deal with them . 
  face it , you do n't have a leg to stand on here . 
   who would sell them carriers now ? 
  russia and india have already cooperated in designing and building fighter jets before , what makes you think they could n't do it with a ship ? 
  it 's not as if the mistral was the only thing they could have bought . 
  it 's not as if they would never have invaded crimea without the knowledge that they would get two ships later on . 
  i 'm not sure that a couple of helicopter carriers either way will change the course of russian government policy . 
   `` russia breaks deals ''  `` we have no moral imperative to honour deals with russia '' please , explain how i misinterpreted your post . 
   there is no moral imperative to be morally superior to putin ok , do you want to arrest all who oppose you first , or shall i ? 
  moving money and moving people is not the same thing . 
  no , not really . 
  every nation has the right to keep its own borders secure . 
  `` australia , azerbaijan , bolivia , cambodia , chile , china , colombia , costa rica , dominican republic , estonia , hungary , japan , kosovo , latvia , mongolia , montenegro , nicaragua , peru , philippines , russia , san marino , serbia , and vietnam '' , according to another poster in this thread . 
  i agree , of course , that the highest goal of british foreign policy is to antagonise mongolia and peru , just for the sake of it . 
  british nationals and their partners in those countries . 
  i do n't know , if you promised to lock muslims up in camps you 'd probably get a lot of support from fn voters . 
  it means we 're standing up for our principles even in foreign countries , and providing opportunities to same-sex couples that those countries ' governments unfairly deny them . 
  it 's absolutely good news . 
  ca n't be / pol / , he does n't accuse the pope of being a jewish space alien . 
  you claim that we 're superior , while giving us a bad name . 
  no he did not . 
  he used it differently to how you would have , while making it incredibly obvious with the rest of the title that anyone who went in expecting porn was a fucking idiot . 
  did you fucking * expect * sex on a video called `` air strike '' ? 
  some turks committed war crimes in 1974 . 
  this is 40 years later . 
  let go of your misguided hate for an older generation . 
  everybody 's gone serfin ' serfin ` ssr, 
  so would it be overly simplistic to say that russia is falling apart right now ? 
  abdicating the king 's head from his neck does n't really count , does it ? 
  she who controls the tea controls the universe !, 
  the difference is that when countries vote to join the eu , there are no german soldiers there pretending to be concerned citizens . 
  the spanish civil war kind of turned into every other european nation picking a side and yelling `` whoooo wants fighter planes ? '', 
  `` that 's strange . 
  my gps is pointing me to something called ` leningrad ' . '', 
  hey , if one party can hover steady while another collapses , that 's better than nothing . 
  how many meps does atlantis have ? 
  ukip were always going to take a chunk out of the conservative vote , and now they 're likely to keep it as the anti-europe and generally far right wing of the tories migrates to what is now a more credible party . 
  i would n't be surprised if some conservative back-bench mps are feeling tempted to jump ship now . 
  green party ended up ahead of lib dems . 
  well first it `` sounds like white nationalism '' and now you apparently never brought it up . 
  nationalism is not an inherently bad thing . 
  furthermore , there is a difference between a pan-european identity and people trying to create a `` pure white nation '' . 
  on is a nation that happens to be made mostly of white people , the other is a nation * designed * to consist only of white people . 
   royalist nonsense slow down there cromwell , i 'm not going into this from one political stance or another . 
  must ... resist ... cpgrey !, 
   our collective expense the total cost of the royal family is about # 5 per taxpayer per year . 
  compare that to the amount of tourism they help generate , and they pay for themselves . 
  every time a wind turbine is put together , or a solar panel is attached to a roof , gazprom 's position in the world weakens . 
  i 'll vote later on . 
  i 'm torn between whether to vote labour as i usually do because `` ah fuck it , they 're not perfect but they 're the least bad big party '' or go for one of the smaller parties this time , who might only get 1 mep but it will be 1 mep that i agree with more enthusiastically .
