  so we 've established that all you have is baseless assumptions . 
  and can i have some indication that apple would be ok with that ? 
  and if the eu made everyone use an apple connector , they would have a monopoly on every connector . 
  which would be a problem . 
  which is my point . 
  a minor inconvenience is no reason to give apple a monopoly like that . 
  the market never decides anything if it can help it . 
  nope , nothing but good clean thuggish intimidation tactics . 
  there was peace in ukraine . 
  then yanukovitch was too heavy-handed and violent dealing with a minor protest . 
  that is the root of all this and no amount of your lies will change that . 
  the people of crimea have not been under threat from nazis since the siege of stalingrad , you nitwit . 
  they did not stand to lose anything from a change in ukrainian government . 
  the nazis were far-right . 
  that was kind of their deal . 
  they were , you know , fascists . 
  and yes , the russians did invade . 
  the ukrainian government did not want them there , so therefore it is an invasion . 
  now , you can say the people of crimea want to join russia , but thanks to those thugs playing at being soldiers invading crimea , we will never know because there can not be a fair referendum . 
   peace peace where ? 
  in crimea , under russian soldiers ? 
  is there peace there ? 
   the eu started putin 's oppression no it did n't . 
   putin is defending his people from who ? 
   nazis from euromaidan a minority of the protesters were far-right , and a minority of those could accurately be called nazis  what would happen if russia did n't intervene you mean invade ? 
  well , crimea would still be a part of ukraine , and it would not be occupied by foreign soldiers . 
  everything you say is either wrong or a deliberate lie, 
  the best example of putin being a thug ? 
  a bully ? 
  a tinpot dictator who is blind to how self-destructive all his actions are ? 
  we were never friends with putin . 
  his bad shit has been reported on for years . 
  stop trying to make the dictator , the man who rigs elections , the man who arrests his opponents and silences his critics , the man who invaded crimea , stop trying to make that man a victim . 
  it 's not `` demonisation '' if putin is doing genuinely bad shit . 
  and yet reddit 's idiotic libertarians will keep supporting putin and russia as a better alternative to western democracy . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  what about this decision is bad in any way ? 
  nobody wants to be the last investor in town . 
  right , right , because that has totally happened in ukraine before . 
  why just a few weeks ago an obviously western army in the thin disguise of activists conquered the province of ... oh wait . 
  and you are forced to tell lies in order to back up your ridiculous claims . 
  fuck that . 
  for one thing kosovo was n't full of russian soldiers . 
  ukip is genuinely quite popular , though . 
  it 's hardly `` pandering '' for the other parties to try to figure out why that is . 
  least surprising headline of the day . 
  i guess it 's nice to have confirmation , though . 
  well , it can be . 
  overstretching and all that . 
  yes , lots of sunshine and diamonds and poor oppressed russians . 
  he 'll just have to convert them , one oppressed russian minority at a time . 
  next week is poland , and then for variety why not mongolia ? 
  man i love neil young . 
  soon sochi will be the richest place on earth . 
  putin 's management of the russian economy suggests that he thinks rust is as valuable as gold . 
  let 's end violence with better means than a manufactured day nobody even gives a shit about . 
  on the one hand , yes , russia ceasing to exist would carry with it some very big benefits to the rest of the world . 
  on the other hand , it would almost inevitably lead to war between successor states ( frankly it 's a miracle that this did n't happen with the fall of the ussr ) and this would be quite likely to spill over into neighbouring countries - and there 's a fucking lot of those . 
  you know who else wrote with pens ? 
  the stasi !, 
  there 's a difference between british troops in britain and russian troops in ukraine . 
   i am crazy i agree . 
  ah yes , the classic reddit narrative of the usa being evil in all it does and russia being good and noble and pure and free . 
  ... because he wanted territory and the industrial/military assets on the crimean peninsula ? 
  seriously dude , that 's like `` well why would the bank robber even go to the bank '' . 
  the goal is obvious , you do n't need to make up a conspiracy for it . 
  protip : if you can see a conspiracy and nobody else can , maybe the conspiracy is n't actually there and you 're just connecting dots that ca n't actually be connected . 
   i voted against cameron  the conservatives are , in my opinion , a party of compulsive liars  i never supported the war in iraq , let alone `` still '' support it  plenty old enough please , stop making assumptions . 
  all it does is make an ass of you . 
  we also have the royal society for the prevention of birds . 
  will you just shut up about your precious dr. 
  we have a `` top vet '' ? 
  nobody ever told me . 
  i know we like to say that backwards countries are medieval , but i do n't think it 's ever been this literal before . 
  russia may have effectively stolen part of ukraine and gotten away with it , but putin is mad if he thinks he can do the same to an eu member and get away with it . 
  you know , there is a bit of a gap between same sex marriage and `` a medieval society '' . 
  yes , in an ideal world , all countries would have same-sex marriage equality , but lacking it does not automatically make a country medieval . 
  yeah , sure , i had * totally * never heard of the irs . 
  of course . 
  if that were the case , surely the left wing groups would have gotten through with no holdups . 
  stop inventing conspiracies . 
  well god forbid the irs exercise a little scrutiny instead of letting every tom , dick and harry have whatever they want . 
  tax breaks are not some inalienable human right , you know . 
  and just because some club or canvassing organisation has to wait a while for a tax break does n't mean subversion * is * happening . 
  yes , and based on the names they targeted groups on both sides of the spectrum . 
  they 're not subverting anything , you paranoid . 
  to act as though western governments are acting in collusion to wage a `` war on the rights of the people '' is nonsense . 
  now be fair , not all libertarians are idiots . 
  just internet ones . 
  they were warned ahead of time that blocking the street or chaining themselves to railings would lead to arrest . 
  they then chose to block the street and chain themselves to railings . 
  allowing an organisation to exist but denying it tax-exempt status is nowhere near anything like a police state . 
  it 's not roughing people up , it 's fucking finance law . 
  but you did n't though . 
  putin has people arrested because he fears they might beat him in an election . 
  nobody is in guantanamo because they ran an election campaign against bush or obama . 
  the irs closely scrutinises groups that are applying for tax-exempt status and you think this is the equivalent of what putin 's government does ? 
  you do n't ? 
  go on , name me someone arrested for opposing obama or cameron or merkel . 
  how about all the australians abbot sent to the gulags ?
