  absolute madness . 
  i 'm sure there 'll be no more whining now . 
   a waste of money that nobody is going to buy outside the us itself and it 's vassal state the uk . 
  australia , denmark , israel , italy , japan , netherlands , norway , republic of korea , turkey , united states , united kingdom . 
  yeah , except its not , and seemingly everyone except for vested interests in seeing it fail , and ill-informed commentators agrees so . 
  [ going to be this wednesday . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/20/theresa-may-to-trigger-article-50-on-29-march ), 
  [ does n't look like it 's fallen to me ] ( http://www.cityam.com/assets/uploads/content/2017/03/untitled-58b6aeccb6e55.png ) . 
  in fact , it 's growing faster than it has in the last three years . 
  might be the case that on the surface they negotiate as one as the commission will be the face , but the council will be throwing their weight around , and the council has representatives from all member states . 
  the commission will have to follow the council 's direction , as the council will eventually have to sign off on the negotiation . 
  oh i do n't agree with the original post by any means . 
  eu officials have their job to do , just like uk ones do as well . 
  everyone is looking after their own interests . 
  it 's a fair point , and it 's exactly what i 'm talking about , getting 28 sets of negotiators to agree this stuff will be grinding at best . 
  i do n't think many are asking for that . 
  but what would the situation be if the uk decided to pay this # 50bn ? 
  would we get total unfettered access to all eu markets and institutions until our budgetary payments stopped ( in 2020/21 ) ? 
  i somehow doubt that would be the case so i 'm not sure what the uk has to gain from accepting a demand like this . 
  the uk government could simply not justify it unless we had the exact same terms we had when the budget was signed , until the budgetary period ends . 
  obvious speculation , but as far as i 've seen this demand will just halt every negotiation process . 
  i 've not seen a source , but i think it 's what the uk signed up to in the last budget , which ends at some point next decade . 
  so he 's saying it 'll be # 50bn , which is what people expected it to be . 
  there 's no way in hell that a british pm could face the electorate after forking over that . 
  david cameron faced massive backlash when the eu billed the uk an extra # 1.7 bn . 
  i fully expect the uk government to attempt to play power politics and try to divide the eu to make negotiations easier . 
  there is simply no way that the uk government could justify to the electorate that we have to pay the eu such a large amount which exceeds our core defence spending , plus our policing ( central government ) and intelligence budgets combined . 
  i hope it is cordial but i just ca n't see how it can be with stakes this high . 
  just imagine how ballistic the tabloids would be . 
  go back and look at the coverage of the # 1.7 bn , now imagine that was 25x higher . 
  -- * oh , the downvotes are already coming in for stating facts that anyone could find themselves . 
  * - defence spending : # 34bn - single intelligence budget : # 2.1 bn - england/wales central government police budget : # 12.5 bn ( see parliament report sn/sg/2616 ), 
  you can argue that , but the ira killed 5x as many civilians as the british forces did , in fact , they killed twice as many civilians as british forces killed in total , civilians or combatants . 
  wo n't ever attempt to defend the deaths of civilians , but you 're being misleading there . 
  no , friend . 
  that would be because wales was incorporated into england , and thus did n't have their own flag . 
  its flag was only adopted in 1959 . 
  [ video with lasers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87h4biafjfy ), 
   the foundations of the british empire were laid when england and scotland were separate kingdoms . 
  in 1496 king henry vii of england , following the successes of spain and portugal in overseas exploration , commissioned john cabot to lead a voyage to discover a route to asia via the north atlantic . 
  cabot sailed in 1497 , five years after the european discovery of america , and although he successfully made landfall on the coast of newfoundland ( mistakenly believing , like christopher columbus , that he had reached asia ) , there was no attempt to found a colony . 
  cabot led another voyage to the americas the following year but nothing was heard of his ships again . 
  [ see here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_empire#origins_.281497.e2.80.931583.29 ) . 
  any country could come out and say they will block its entry and that would be the end of it . 
  expansion requires unanimous support . 
  just because the uk supported it does not mean every other member needs to shut up . 
  you can scapegoat the uk on a lot of issues , but not this one . 
  the snp want to remain inside the eu though , and if they leave the uk to join the eu , they will end up trading with the uk on whatever deal we negotiate , given that ~ 65 % of their trade is with the rest of the uk ( only around 15 % with the rest of the eu ) i 'm not sure that would seem politically appetising . 
  they could however leave the uk , remain outside the eu and negotiate separate deals with both , but then they are more or less splitting hairs and really could not justify their ` uncertainty ' argument against the uk leaving the eu given they 'd be leaving the eu and uk , and have to negotiate with both at the same time . 
  their manifesto explicitly stated that they reserve the right to another referendum if circumstances change , such as scotland being forced out of the eu against its will , so with that said , they would be very restrained on their options , they would have little choice but to rejoin the eu . 
  realistically , the best thing they can do is wait for the uk 's deal to become clear and move on from there , otherwise they could end up in any number of positions , many of which would not be good . 
  no no no , privateers !, 
  no that was in 1973 , the first referendum was in 1975 though . 
  the guy just seems very bitter for some reason . 
  snp 's plans included a defence budget of # 2.5 bn , creating a small self defence ground force , and somehow funding an ambitious project of obtaining an air force , including mpas . 
  very unsure of how they would plan to build a navy , if they wanted to , # 2.5 bn really is not enough at all for a new armed forces . 
  it would leave around # 500m for new equipment , a single eurofighter typhoon costs around # 100m , and a single offshore patrol vessel that the uk uses is at least around # 125m , a frigate estimated at  # 600m and a destroyer at  # 1bn . 
  their white paper also suggested that the uk would have continued access to scottish defence infrastructure , at least as a transitional period . 
  we do n't want to be part of the continent of europe ? 
  do you know of some continent breaking technology that everyone else missed ? 
  not sure if you are aware , but the uk sits inside the continent of europe . 
   `` conveniently forget about scotland afterwards '' http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2016/11/contents, 
  i noticed that too , funny how they parrot the ` party of defence ' line . 
  [ the fall has been prolonged and quite severe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bnakkfn.jpg ) . 
  i honestly now ca n't tell if you 're saying the vote was solely because of immigration . 
  nobody is saying it did not have a part to play , but it was by absolutely no means the sole reason . 
  the immediate downvotes are too much . 
  you seem very mad about a simple discussion , unless of course you ca n't stand being challenged . 
  the entire comment chain is about immigration , and nothing else , so why would anyone reading it think you agree that there are other reasons for the vote other than immigration given your comment explicitly states that immigration was the cause ? 
  you state no other reasoning for the vote . 
  do n't be surprised when someone takes you up on blaming the vote solely on immigration after you say so , mate . 
  thanks for the downvotes too , i guess . 
  except you never said that . 
   in other words - the xenophobia of small town england has won . 
  yeah , ons has uk growth at 2 % for 2016 , too . 
  not sure where these 1.8 % figures came from . 
  or some people did n't agree with the eus vision and did n't want to be part of it ? 
  no actually , hinkley is a bad example . 
  it 's being built and lead by edf ( through nnb generation company ) , but funded largely by chinese business as a way to push through their lead on bradwell . 
  china general nuclear took a 33 % stake in hinkley point c. 
  shocking that a campaign set up solely for a referendum did n't have a plan for governance . 
  well scotland and northern ireland is 92,063 km ^ ^ 2 ( 37 % of the uk ) . 
  england and wales is 151,058 km ^ ^ 2 . 
  not anywhere close to half of the country . 
  it 's the only potential issue i can think of , to be honest . 
  it still wo n't affect it as much as you seem to think . 
  at worst , uk gdp when converted to dollars will fall to like $ 2.7 trillion-ish ( whereas in pound sterling , it will be closing in on # 2 trillion ) . 
  which does not indicate the actual uk economy collapsing , rather the conversion rates changing . 
  failing a major economic issue in the next two years , the uk will still be above france come this time in 2019 . 
  scotland and northern ireland is not 50 % of the country under any meaningful metric . 
  you 're somehow claiming that the uk is set to lose ~ 12 % of its economy in the next two years ? 
  i find that quite unlikely . 
  uk gdp in 2016 was # 1.865 trillion ( using a very quick general average of currency conversion rates -- as is industry standard , over the last five years ( $ 1.541 ) gives a dollar value of around $ 2.875 trillion ) , whereas france , the next highest is at $ 2.5 trillion . 
  well it does n't make it illegal or anything . 
  it is up to the user to edit their own privacy settings . 
  they are prompted by facebook to do so . 
  whatever they leave available for everyone to see is frankly up to them . 
  nobody should ever take anything they put online as private , especially when they 're too lazy to take the most basic precautions , which are offered offered to them directly , multiple times . 
  except in this case clearly all of the information gathered was public . 
  there 's a reason facebook often tell you to check your privacy settings .
