  of course , but france would want to keep the capability itself . 
  i personally do n't think it will be as centralised as my comments seem to be suggesting to some , i think it will be like germany and the netherland 's joint battalions , and joint ship agreements . 
  maybe with a joint headquarters . 
  gdp estimations do not work like that . 
  economists take a range of conversion rates and then average them as they are so volatile . 
  it would be stupid to take the current year 's rate as then the tables of gdp would be all over the place and discussing growth or recession would become impossible . 
  over the last five or so years , this equates to roughly $ 1.5 , uk gdp is currently around # 1.9 trillion , making uk gdp for 2016 ~ $ 2.85 trillion . 
  also , currency depreciation does not equate to actual national wealth loss . 
  if you really believe what you 've stated , then you would agree that all euro nations have lost 25 % of their wealth since 2014 ( euro has dropped from $ 1.40 to $ 1.07 in 3 years ) . 
  obviously this is not the case , and eurozone gdps have not dropped by 25 % because gdp estimations do n't work like that . 
  and for the record , the pound is at the same level it was in 2013/2014 against the euro , the dollar has just been strengthening like crazy since november against most currencies - does n't mean everyone is much poorer than they were a few years ago because of it . 
  well in terms of capability , he 's right . 
  france will be by far the most militarily capable nation , and the only one even remotely able to deploy globally effectively , the only one able to deploy fixed wing aircraft to any theatre , the only one capable of global naval deployments . 
  france will need to be the focal point of any potential joint eu military . 
  who thought we should shut ourselves off from skilled migration ? 
  pretty sure no major campaigner said so , at least i never heard that from anyone . 
  the izumo 's are tricky , i 'm sure i 've read they are capable of operating stovl aircraft , but do n't . 
  right now i 'd classify them as helicopter carriers , because that 's their job , but i 'm sure some modifications could be made to make them light aircraft carriers ( in the same way that the illustrious-class was for the rn , or the juan carlos is for spain etc ) . 
  you are correct on the f-35 point , but the uk will have a full ` peacetime embarkment ' ( 12 or so ) by 2020 ( rising to 48 by 2023 ) . 
  the issue with the type 45 has been remedied with short term fixes , but rolls royce is currently in discussions with mod for an engine upgrade . 
  uk will have 2 p-8a poseidon 's within the next year , rising to 8 ( or 9 ) when the order is complete . 
  not everything is rosy , i would never claim that , both forces have their issues they need to work out , for sure . 
  you 're right , but there * is * strategic value to it , which is what i 'm trying to get across , does n't matter which nato member controls it for the example , the value of it is irrefutable . 
  the guy asked about strategic value of gibraltar , it 's a legitimate and correct point to make , i think . 
  during both world wars ( but especially the second ) it was used to screen vessels and bottle up the mediterranean at will . 
  nah there are like 250 incursions a year , this is nothing new . 
  well not really , they have three helicopter carriers , which have nowhere near the capacity for offensive or defensive operations as an actual aircraft carrier does . 
  well unfortunately for him , if article 5 was triggered he 'd be treaty-bound to assist . 
  he might be potus , but he would never get away with breaking the us ' nato treaty obligations . 
  it is if the north atlantic council deems that a triggering of article 5 is legitimate . 
  the article states that all nato member states must assist . 
  the level of assistance is not mandated however . 
   the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  unfortunately for spain then gibraltar is entitled to 12nmi of territorial waters along their coast , as per un convention of the law of the sea , which both states have ratified . 
  well if it was an article 5 matter , they are obligated to assist , they would not have a choice . 
  heavy lift capability allowing for international deployments unilaterally , as well as international deployment of naval vessels ( france operates only three replenishment ships , the rn has 5 currently ( with one in for military modification before commissioning ) , with three more being built or on trials ) . 
  i 'm not sure about france 's marine landing capability , but i know that 's something the royal marine 's specialise in , and i know france 's marine force is under the command of the army . 
  not to mention that within the next few months , the uk will have more operational aircraft carriers than france , given the cdg is in for a  = 18 month refit . 
  it 's give and take , france has a larger force , more aircraft , better ground-to-air capability , a truly independent nuclear capability , for example . 
  it 's the reason the lancaster house treaties were signed , working together as two partners is much better than working alone . 
  well bar being in opposition , he 's not had an actual government cabinet position for twenty years . 
  well no she did n't threaten that either . 
  the letter said that if no deal was reached on the security aspect of our relationship then our security cooperation would be damaged , which is blindingly obvious to anyone . 
   as i have said , the government of the united kingdom wants to agree a deep and special partnership between the uk and the eu , taking in both economic and security cooperation . 
  at a time when the growth of global trade is slowing and there are sign that protectionist instincts are on the rise in many part of the world , europe has a responsibility to stand up for free trade in the interest of all our citizens . 
  likewise , europe ' security is more fragile today than at any time since the end of the cold war . 
  weakening our cooperation for the prosperity and protection of our citizens would be a costly mistake . 
  the united kingdom s objectives for our future partnership remain those set out in my lancaster house speech of 17 january and the subsequent white paper published on 2 february . 
  show me the threat in there ... 
  so it 's only okay to annex territory if you control it centrally , otherwise in your view , you have no real claim ? 
  spain annexing gibraltar is fine , but the uk doing it is bad ... 
  i recently edited my comment to include the following  and so you 'd also be fine with the uk keeping it if it was no longer self-governing and was controlled from london ? 
  i see no reason to oppose the uk 's ownership of gibraltar given the people there like their political situation . 
  you 've ignored my point about spain originally annexing it by force . 
  your point states that nullifies the uk 's position , so does it also nullify spain 's ? 
  and so you 'd also be fine with the uk keeping it if it was no longer self-governing and was controlled from london ? 
  it was castillian/spanish for 242 years in total , it has been british for 304 years , i fail to see how you can form an opinion which states that the uk does not have a claim to gibraltar . 
  similarly , castile/spain took it originally by force , do they also have no claim to it ? 
  article lost any and all reason for reading as soon as i saw they had used three tweets from `` crimes of britain '' . 
  the big d ( imbleby ) himself . 
  absolute legend . 
  agreed , i think cruise and ballistic missiles are currently the main thing most navies are working towards a counter for . 
  in fact i believe the usn is making relatively good steps with the rim-161 sm3 and european navies with aster block 2 bmd . 
  so you 're saying they 're normal torpedoes ? 
  because guided torpedoes already exist . 
  they 're called ` torpedoes ' . 
  how exactly would you deploy that weapon close enough to a carrier group for it to arm in time , take aim and travel a short enough distance to not be seen ? 
  all whilst the launch platform has to remain hidden by the entire carrier battle group , its escorts and aircraft to not give away that an attack is underway . 
  i highly doubt it would be effective if your stated cost figure is correct at $ 60,000 , considering a modern conventional torpedo is upwards to $ 5m - $ 10m per unit . 
  as stated , these weapons could exist already , and still , no carrier has been lost for the better part of one hundred years . 
  they do n't exist because their operational capability is extremely limited , and you 'd be much better off using conventional , ship , submarine or aircraft launched torpedoes . 
  the controller would need to be within viewing distance because unless you 've got a large periscope poking above the water , you are going to see precisely shit all from a camera on board a torpedo moving at 30 knots through an ocean current . 
  not really true . 
  they are most useful as a power projection tool . 
  the most modern use of an aircraft carrier in a ` first world ' war was the falklands war , where without the carriers , the british forces would never have been able to successfully retake the islands ( and the argentine forces were in no way whatsoever ` far weaker ' ) . 
  i 'm not stating they 're not often vulnerable , but the masses of escorts are there for that very reason . 
  the use of the aircraft carrier in this conflict , and almost every invasion before or since back until ww2 has been absolutely vital . 
  they provide early air warning , air cover , ground attack capability , amphibious ability , disaster relief and logistics support . 
  but without an adequate escort , a carrier might as well stay in port , because it will be the most wanted target of any adversary , and will be targeted time and time again to limit the forces of the attacker . 
  that 's exactly what fleet escorts are for . 
  you do n't deploy a carrier on its own , it goes with frigates , destroyers and occasionally cruisers . 
  good luck getting your slow , heavy drone through a carrier group of five or six anti air missile vessels , able to shoot you out of the sky at 100km . 
  that 's not saying they are not vulnerable , but they are n't as vulnerable to these weapons as many think . 
  they are far more vulnerable to suicide-boat attacks , as are all fleet vessels . 
  if a boat is made of wood , small , fast moving and the navy ships are close to the shoreline , then a suicide attack is much more dangerous than a single , cheap missile , especially if the boats attack in a swarm . 
  most escort vessels are geared towards anti-air now , and will sometimes have issues shooting fast moving boats out of the sea , more so than an aircraft out of the sky . 
  that 's why aircraft carriers will almost always stay way out of the way , and the escorts will place themselves in the way of danger to protect the fleet 's biggest asset . 
  to date , there has not been a carrier lost in combat in 75 years , and national strategic planners obviously still see them as a vital part of a modern fleet , so i 'll side with them rather than those that claim their uses are too limited to be useful ( not saying that you claim this , but it is a common theme by people who like to seem edgy on military tech ) . 
  i know we have lots of architects in developing countries like china helping them build their infrastructure and buildings better . 
  i 'd imagine there 's a lot of money to be made there . 
  us houses are massive though , like 2 or 3 times the floorspace as an ` average ' european home . 
  i could n't tell you myself , just from talking to people not from the uk ( usa actually ) who work in the construction industry are apparently crazy for the uk 's tools , i know we definitely had a great reputation 20 or 30 years ago from what i 've been told by a family member who used to be a toolmaker . 
  we definitely have a good reputation in microchip manufacturing ( through arm , mostly ) . 
  i could tell you more about that than anything about tools , plastics or fabric manufacturing . 
  uk has a ** very ** good reputation in motorcycle construction too , through the likes of triumph ( and formally royal enfield , now indian ) . 
  if it 's a general public survey , i could n't really think of anything a ` general person ' might buy that the uk 's really excels in . 
  was speaking to a construction worker from the us a couple of months ago and he said that people there snatch up any tools made in the uk , so i guess we 're well known for that . 
  i 'm fairly sure the uk has a pretty good reputation for high spec toolmaking for example , along with aircraft components , pharmaceutical products as well as construction machinery . 
  but would almost certainly have already negotiated some other form of arrangement by now . 
  -- person downvoting does n't think the uk and eu would have had any kind of trading relationship between 1973 and 2017 ?
