  well no , it did n't stop him from some pretty dire predictions before and after the referendum . 
  are you sure ? 
  because the eu referendum was 5 months before the us presidential election , a month before trump was even selected as the republican candidate . 
  as far as i 'm aware , [ taranis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr3thvqurz8 ) was to be chosen as the uk/french future offensive air system aircraft , instead of neuron before programme was cancelled , but apparently parts from both aircraft are to be used in a follow-up design . 
  looks good to be honest . 
  i 'd say that i agree entirely with that . 
  the fact that we have more or less no information on what we as a country are aiming for also troubles me no end . 
  hopefully may 's speech on tuesday can go some way to shedding some light on it , where a proper debate can then be had , and hopefully a robust position hashed out politically . 
  `` flip-flopping '' on this whole area of policy will be nothing short of disastrous , as far as i see , we need a position that is able to be accepted by the majority of the country ( hopefully a large one ) . 
  well , ca n't say i recognise your name ( and i 've not up or downvoted you before ) , so i 'm not sure of that , pretty sure i 'd remember being called intellectually lazy ( guess my first class degree counts for nothing , huh ? ) . 
  i 'm finding it odd why you seem so hostile to me though , i do n't think i 've done or said anything that could even remotely be seen as upsetting or nasty . 
   although congratulations , you did do exactly as expected . 
  i comment only to let you know this . 
  the rest is just a bonus . 
    you : talking to you is a waste of time as you wo n't consider any alternative   me : for the record i 'm in support of uk membership of the eea not sure how truthful you 're being there . 
  well , i try to conduct myself nicely online , so if i 've somehow upset you , sorry dude . 
  political positions can change very quickly , although since the vote my position on the eea has remained unchanged . 
  also wish to throw this in : my previous comment was not an attempt to absolve `` leave '' of their lies , it was an attempt to show you that it was not simply that group which stretched the truth ( to breaking point in some cases , for both sides ) . 
  i 'm not the guy you 've been talking to , pal . 
  but still , that 's a crazy assessment of my mental capacity based from a single comment , stating absolute fact to you . 
  for the record i 'm in support of uk membership of the eea at the moment . 
  but sure , claim i 'm `` intellectually lazy '' or whatever you 'd like . 
   i 'm sorry but the facts were very much in favour of remain oh please , both sides played fast and loose with facts . 
  what about the absolutely ridiculous '' # 4,300 worse off every year '' figure based on a 15 year future gdp forecast divided by the current number of households in the uk , which had never been used by any government in an effort to make it seem like every house would be that much worse off ? 
  or maybe that absolute crap `` 3 million jobs will be lost '' claim touted ? 
  hardly what a truthful campaign would have done . 
  both campaigns were dirt poor excuses for a political discourse . 
  see the `` economy of london '' wikipedia page . 
   london generates approximately 22 per cent of the uk 's gdp services is everything from a bank to a corner shop to a hairdressers . 
  productivity is a massive problem though . 
  erm what ? 
  london makes up around 20 % of uk gdp , which means that the gdp for the uk without london is still ~ # 1.55 trillion ( $ 2 trillion at today 's exchange rate ) . 
  still significantly wealthier than 190 out of 196 of the countries on earth . 
  is n't equivalence guaranteed under mifid ii though ? 
  not gdp , just between 6 % and 8 % of all city trading in total , vast majority is domestic . 
  do n't worry mate , i 'm from england and it riles me up , too . 
  absolutely nothing , and i 'm not trying to negate from your argument , but many people like to think the uk is the only country with a substantial amount of opt-outs , and it 's not right . 
  the uk has not liked the direction of travel of the eu for decades now , either it was going to get some very loose membership , or leave , and since its renegotiation brought back no tangible changes to the uk membership , the uk voted to leave . 
  your original point of  because nobody has asked for as many opt outs ... is not true though . 
  the `` then also left '' segment is the only part that makes the uk unique here , and that is largely down to the drab deal cameron brought back . 
  whilst you are technically correct , denmark has three primary opt-outs as well : - eurozone membership - common security and defence policy - area of freedom , security and justice uk has : - schengen agreement ( along with ireland ) - eurozone membership - charter of fundamental rights of the european union ( along with poland ) - and a semi opt-out of area of freedom , security and justice does n't really seem like a massively advantaged position , given that all of the uk 's opt outs are shared with other member states , it 's not like it was solely the uk pushing for it . 
  yeah originally cameron said he would trigger it immediately , but then when he resigned there was nobody that was able to trigger article 50 with any confidence from parliament until may was elected as leader of the conservative party . 
  it was soon after this that she announced the march date . 
  basically , all of the confusion stems from cameron claiming he would trigger article 50 immediately , then not doing so , and then stepping down . 
  no , the article clearly states that an * unnamed source * stated that some ministers were considering a proposal that article 50 should be triggered in autumn 2017 , instead of spring , meaning the uk will still leave in 2019 . 
  the process to leave takes two years . 
  wo n't happen now that may has stated it will be triggered by the end of march , we will be out almost certainly by april 2019 . 
  edit : just saw another guy told you about the process to leaving taking two years , sorry , did n't see that before . 
  you are right , the qe-class will lack fixed wing aew&c aircraft , helicopters will have to do this job instead . 
  i think the main issue with not having a dedicated istar platform is the lack of range and endurance that comes with having a large airframe , of course you are correct about a satellite , but they are not always available on short notice . 
  was n't aware of the c-160 , very happy that france maintains the sigint capability , probably need an upgrade though , maybe time to think about it for both the uk and france , both airframes seem to date from the 60s . 
  not sure how long rivet joint will stay operational for to be honest either , even though we only got them a few years ago . 
  did n't mean to sound belittling by any means , sorry if i did . 
  my points were solely the negatives , but of course there are also positives , including building five more aquitaine-class frigates , the a400m 's ( still less than half the capacity of a c-17 though , but of course the more a400 's you have , the less relevant this point is ) . 
  are you aware of any plans to replace france 's six light surveillance frigates ? 
  of course then we have both the raf and french air force working on a new ucav , and working together on new missiles , like the perseus cruise missile and the interoperability of our navies with the aster family of missiles . 
  things certainly are looking up for the [ combined joint expeditionary force ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ca/the_french_republic_%26_the_united_kingdom_of_great_britain_and_northern_ireland.svg ) ( let 's be honest , that map is absolutely glorious ) . 
  i do hope france replaces the cdg though , because take it from us : naval operations become more difficult when you lack a carrier strike capability . 
  edit : just wanted to throw this unrelated point in here -- had roast beef last night . 
  was delicious . 
  i mean if we 're strictly comparing uk and france here : - france has axed plans to replace its sole aircraft carrier due to costs - the carrier ( s ) , incidentally , were to be based off the queen elizabeth-class - france 's fleet lacks the necessary auxiliaries to comfortably deploy globally constantly - the french air force lacks necessary heavy lift capability , and must rely on its allies ( see operation serval , where uk/usa/can / swe/uae deployed c-17 's to transport armoured vehicles and aircraft , something most other aircraft can not manage ) for this capability - french navy to shrink by two major combatants in coming years due to replacements not on a 1:1 scale ( from 17 frigates and destroyers today , to 15 in future years ) - french air force lacks any kind of istar and sigint aircraft in its inventory the situation about the qe-class was mostly financial , that is correct , but it was also about current uk capability . 
  we have operated stovl carriers for almost half a century , scrapping these skills and replacing them wholesale would have been very time-consuming and costly . 
  uk has absolutely no issue paying to replace the vanguard-class submarines , and in fact are already building the first replacement boat . 
  not sure where you got your information on that one from , but it 's absolutely false . 
  this does not mean that the british armed forces are without issues , they have many , but france 's problems ( particularly financially ) are much worse currently than that of the uk . 
  or maybe i 've tried debating with him , and all he does is insult you , claim made up facts he has thrown at you are correct and refuses to listen to any reasonable contrary opinion to his own ? 
  i 'm happy to talk to people but when they post misinformation and then refuse to even remotely change opinion based on facts , it does irritate me . 
  my post clearly implied i 've spoken with him before , mate . 
  no point in arguing with this dude , he just hates the uk because of its foreign policy objectives after the referendum . 
  like talking to a brick wall . 
  no , cameron claimed he wanted to trigger it immediately , but instead of doing so he resigned , theresa may made no commitments on the date until she announced the end of march thing . 
  there has been lots of speculation from opposition mps and some cabinet ministers though . 
  because we do n't vote for prime ministers . 
   because none of what you said matters ? 
  oh and what is the uk going to do with the military ? 
  are we going to go invade somewhere ? 
  nuclear arsenal ? 
  you seem to misunderstand the reason for maintaining a credible defence . 
  it is half to deter , half to respond to geopolitical issues . 
  the point is that should the uk deem it necessary to engage in a ` boots on the ground ' intervention , other than the us , we would almost certainly be the largest western contributor , this gives us influence not only with the us , but with our european partners to help them to integrate with our military on deployments . 
  see [ uk joint expeditionary force ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_joint_expeditionary_force ) . 
   even the us decided against going into syria simply because of the uk vote to block our participation . 
  you think we 're more relevant then the us ? 
  no , i 'd claim that it shows our influence when even the us decides not to engage in a military intervention because we decided not to . 
  the point is that we are a credible ally ( and the us places great weight on our views ) , a great power ( along with france and germany in europe ) and wield influence on a global level . 
  of course , cyber warfare is making this less important , and we possess some of the best cyber professionals , with possibly the second best sigint organisation in gchq ( after nsa ) . 
  well you 've still not said why the uk is irrelevant . 
  simply saying it is does not make it true . 
  please , try to change my mind . 
  edit : see edit on last comment , did n't mean for it to sound insulting , so i changed it . 
  astonishingly delusional reasoning . 
  uk is the only nation other than the us that is able to deploy a corps-size force to any theatre on earth , hardly something an ` irrelevant ' country would have the capacity to do . 
  well it depends on your definition . 
  obviously the uk does n't have the same level of hard power as say the united states , but it is still able to deploy up to 30,000 soldiers ( will be 50,000 by 2025 ) to any theatre on the planet , something only matched by the united states . 
  not going to sit here and pretend the uk can push every country around , because it ca n't , but it still maintains the capability to act unilaterally . 
  but you are right , a lot of the uk 's influence ( particularly soft power ) comes from its alliances and memberships of other organisations . 
  today i learned being a nuclear-armed state , one of five countries on the planet with a unsc veto , member of the g7 , have arguably the most extensive soft power status , militarily capable ( with the second most capable expeditionary force ) , intelligence and diplomatic alliances spanning the entire planet makes you ` irrelevant ' . 
  thank you , random reddit person for opening my eyes , clearly your view of geopolitics is correct , and the rest of the world 's is incorrect . 
  and has been consistently the policy for the last quarter of a year , what 's your point ? 
  it would be ** very ** damaging for theresa may to push the date back any further .
