  yeah y' know , just the government saying we will leave , setting an absolute latest date by which the process of leaving will begin , but they do n't believe it . 
  why would you , right ? 
  it 's not moved in like three months . 
  31st of march is the ** latest ** article 50 will be triggered . 
  well , because a massive proportion of its economy is based in the fishing industry ( around 30 % ) . 
  joining the eu would absolutely damage that as it would be forced to open it 's waters to european fishing fleets and be subject to quotas . 
  thanks royal navy and raf !, 
  i 'm not going to argue anymore , i 've had enough fun , but i will say this : british attitudes to the eec ( now eu ) absolutely have changed as the eu has adapted and changed over the last forty years . 
  the way the british people were sold the eec in 1975 was not the way the eec planned to change over time , and rightfully so , a lot of people feel betrayed about that . 
  there is absolutely no issue whatsoever with a country putting a question to the people to get a definitive answer about something which has not been asked for forty one years . 
  the fact the uk voted to leave should not annoy you , because the ** eu specifically allows for it to happen . 
  ** i sometimes wonder why fans of the eu were always no anti-uk when the uk would veto a proposal about the eu , always wishing that the uk would just leave , and now that is becoming fact , they seem to be even more incensed about the situation . 
  really incredible , honestly . 
   that is not typical of a greek at all . 
  even though i wish it was . 
  you know fuck all about greece , so how about sticking to the typical `` greeks are poor and financially irresponsible morons '' stereotype ? 
  it is actually true , not to mention funny . 
  and you wo n't see me getting my panties up in a bunch over it unlike some people living a specific island . 
  that is absolute gold . 
  my comment in * italics * was clearly making fun of your ridiculous assumption that all british people know nothing about even the most basic workings of european union affairs . 
  the fact you thought i was being serious makes that all the better . 
  mine was based in absolutely no fact , just as your comment was n't either , except i did n't make my comment seriously , and you did . 
  telling . 
  wow , you really are bitter are n't you ? 
  for someone commenting to some dude on reddit you sure do take this very much to heart . 
  i 'd argue to not get emotionally attached to political entities but it seems you 're way past that now . 
   either way , you totally knew what you were getting yourselves into . 
  sure we may have , but a massive proportion of the voting population were not alive or of voting age in 1975 , and so i do n't see an issue with going back to the public for a mandate to reaffirm the country 's commitment to the project . 
   but muh freedom of dictating my own foreign policy stunning rebute there , really shut me right up . 
  claims the eu is not centralising then fobs off a major area of policy that members of the eu are losing control of . 
   take a look at something besides your shitty tabloids as someone who does n't read tabloid newspapers , or any other print-news other than the ft , this comment is utter bullshit . 
  try again though , friend . 
   your referendum was the result of crappy internal politics true , but utterly irrelevant to this conversation . 
   you could veto or block anything you did n't like anyway . 
  and you usually did just that . 
  so what is the issue here ? 
  the public weighed up that the uk 's vision for the eu was not the direction of travel , and the eu dragging its feet in cameron 's effort to reform did n't make anything better . 
   not that i am surprised that a brit would n't know the basics of the eu . 
  * typical of a greek to know nothing of the reasons why the uk entered the eec , or why it then voted to leave * . 
  just claim everyone who did vote to leave is an uneducated , tabloid loving moron and everything will be fantastic . 
  well either you are wrong , or the [ european policy centre ] ( http://www.europeanpolicy.org/en/european-policies/single-market.html ) is . 
  no , not conflating eec with nato . 
  before britain joined the eec it was politically isolated and more or less facing russia in the giuk gap alone , with the joining of the eec it gained political leverage and more political allies . 
  this clearly was shown in the falklands war , where the eec imposed sanctions on argentina . 
  thanks for the mediocre insult though , friend . 
  have you read the comments in this thread ? 
  there 's no self-victimistion here . 
  terribly sorry , the omission of a non-necessary word in a comment which clearly indicated political will was terrible of me . 
  take a look in the european parliament and commission . 
  well , no , you 're partly wrong there , the [ single market ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_single_market ) enforced the ` four freedoms ' in 1993 ( signed in 1986 -- after our 1975 referendum ) . 
  the treaty of rome did secure freedom of movement for workers , but none of the other freedoms . 
   the treaty of paris ( 1951 ) establishing the european coal and steel community established a right to free movement for workers in these industries and the treaty of rome ( 1957 ) provided a right for the free movement of workers within the european economic community keep in mind that the eec at the time consisted of the following ( note how small it actually is ) : - belgium - italy - luxembourg - france - netherlands - west germany not to mention this was the height of the cold war , whereby half of europe was under communist rule from the ussr , it made sense for europe to get closer back then , now , there is no such imminent threat . 
  the eec of 1975 is absolutely unrecognisable now . 
  besides the 1975 referendum was overturned in the [ 2016 referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum,_2016 ) after we 'd been in the union for 40-odd years . 
  is the uk not allowed its own foreign policy or something ? 
  to claim there is no will for a unified europe is absolutely stupid , by the way . 
  [ no , the soviet invasion of finland in 1939-1940 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war ) . 
  not quite at an all time high , but is performing exceptionally well , at 18,077 points . 
  [ after today 's disruption , i urge both sides to put aside the rhetoric , get around the negotiation table and to stop this happening again . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jltggc0uba8 ), 
  even the majority of the other half of us who voted to leave have absolutely no issues with the people of europe . 
  many , like me , wish for a better and more workable relationship with the eu after we leave . 
   from a british oh man ... briton , please . 
  if you think ni will leave then you obviously misunderstand the situation there . 
  not to mention most in scotland still want to remain in the uk , even six months after the vote . 
  literally nobody in the uk thinks we 're still an 'em pire ' . 
  there are people who want much closer ties to the commonwealth , but that 's as far as it goes . 
  i 'm not sure why so many continentals bring that point up , it really does n't make any sense . 
  i think i covered that a bit with  obviously now it is generating significantly less but you are right , it is very recent . 
  hopefully it can be rectified at some point , either with diversifying the economy , a raise in oil prices or something else . 
  obviously i 'd disagree with calling scotland ` leeches ' . 
  they get this funding entirely legally and has been voted on by the hoc , and has uniform consent . 
  we live in a representative democracy , and frankly i think the worth of having a country like scotland inside the union far outweighs the cost of scotland 's deficit . 
   i checked . 
  this year is the first time in 35 years scotland has generated less tax per person than the uk . 
  damn those leeches and 35 years of contributing more . 
  [ entirely dependent on how you classify the percentage of north sea oil as scottish , according to fullfact  ( https://fullfact.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/output_srxjm3-final-taxes.gif )  in terms of taxes generated per person , scotland either generates just under the uk average or significantly over the uk average , depending on the oil and gas division . 
  obviously now it is generating significantly less . 
  it is the flexibility that is offered to it by being inside the uk , as it certainly could not maintain the current 10 % of gdp deficit that it currently has as an independent country , it would be crippling . 
  given the sharp decline in oil prices , and the decline of that industry in general , it is unlikely that scotland will climb out of the ~ # 15bn hole it is currently in within the near future , without spending decreases or significant tax receipt increases . 
  something it seems the snp is unwilling to conduct . 
   except being one of the many users mate , that 's exactly what i said . 
  the rn 's version is also the latin version . 
  not claiming it was created by it , obviously , just that it is deeply engrained in many militaries ( it only happens to be the motto of the branch of the military i know most about ) . 
  as far as i 'm aware , norway uses it somewhere , as well as the us in some of its army units and ship mottos . 
  let 's be fair , it 's a great motto , too , as well as being factually correct . 
  just edited my post above to be more clear about that fact . 
  probably because our militaries cooperate a lot . 
  i 'm gon na just rip this straight from wikipedia :  the royal marines and netherlands marine corps are allied through a ` bond of friendship ' . 
   since 1973 , units of the netherlands marine corps have formed part of the british 3 commando brigade during exercises and real conflict situations . 
  together , these form the uk/nl landing force . 
  either the first or the second marine combat group can be assigned as the dutch contribution to this force . 
   the co-operation between the korps mariniers and the royal marines has led to extensive integration in the areas of operations , logistics and materials . 
  within nato this is seen as a prime example of what can be achieved in military integration . 
   in combined rnlmc and royal marines actions by the british and dutch navies during the war of the spanish succession ( 1702 -- 1713 ) , amphibious operations were carried out , the most notable being the siege of gibraltar in 1704 . 
  during this action , a successful attack was carried out against the fortress of gibraltar by an 1800-strong brigade of dutch and british marines under the command of prince george of hesse-darmstadt . 
  both corps share this battle honour . 
   the nickname of the dutch marines among their british royal marine counterparts is `` cloggies , '' due to the stereotype that most or all dutch wear clogs , instead of `` normal '' footwear . 
   royal navy submarine service officers taking the submarine command course use a dutch submarine simulator for part of the course . 
  `` cloggies '' does sound adorable .
