  i would admit that dutch-german cooperation does go much , much deeper though . 
  it 's true ( and the royal navy 's motto ! ) . 
  strength provides deterrence , which provides certainty ( probably used for exactly that reason by the rn as it provided safe passage for commerce and a serious deterrent to its enemies ) . 
  ultimately , you never want to use your armed forces in anger , but if you need to , you want to know that you have the capability to get the job done . 
  edit after the fact : wan na be clear , i know it 's a proverb not created by the rn , it just happens to be used as the motto . 
  you suspect wrongly , the fleet was 60 % british in total . 
  around 75 % of the warships used were british , as well as around 80 % of the landing craft . 
  you seem to be severely misinformed about the uk during world war ii . 
  the uk provided materials to the ussr too , including : - 3,000 + hawker hurricanes - 4,000 + other aircraft - 27 naval vessels - 5,218 tanks - 5,000 + anti-tank guns - 4,020 ambulances and trucks - 323 machinery trucks - 2,560 universal carriers - 1,721 motorcycles - # 1.15 bn worth of aircraft engines - 600 radar and sonar sets - hundreds of naval guns - 15 million pairs of boots this aid was entirely free of charge ( including no debt ) . 
  it totalled # 428,000,000 at the time ( or 58 george v-class battleships , to put it into perspective ) , which would be around # 20,000,000,000 today . 
  poland 's t-72s ( around 60 % of the tank force ) are being withdrawn from service and most will be gone by 2018 . 
  by this time , poland will have ~ 650 mbts by that time . 
  still a very good amount . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the polish land forces is to build a light tank to replace the t-72 . 
  france lacks a major heavy lift capability . 
  they often get the usaf or raf to assist them with it ( mostly using c-17s ) . 
  this falls under the foreign secretary 's remit , given it is foreign policy , not defence policy . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm just rebutting someone claiming something that is n't true . 
  calm down . 
  debating like this is beneath you . 
  do n't stoop to the levels of those below you . 
  petty , factually incorrect , ill-informed national insults will get you nowhere . 
  let 's not do that please . 
  and yet even with eastern europe 's crazy high growth rates , the eu as a whole is still outperformed by the uk ( a post-industrial fully westernised nation ) . 
  as those countries westernise further ( as living standards go up ) , their growth rates will naturally decrease to 1-2 % per year , in-line with other western countries , rather than the 3-4 % they are currently ( convergence ) . 
   * as soon as that balance tilts * , even for a short period , the referendum will come . 
  we definitely agree on this . 
  but i think it will need to be months of good polling or it wo n't be risked , unless in special circumstances . 
  sure dude , [ here are the commission 's projections for the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2016_autumn_forecast_en.htm ) , obr state uk economic growth in the last quarter for the uk was 0.5 % and the eu 's was 0.3 % , see uk rates [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp-growth ) , and eu [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp-growth ) . 
  he says as the uk continually outperforms the eu on economic growth even after brexit referendum , and even the next few years based on current projections , when brexit is supposed to be damaging the uk the most . 
  that is some solid potential you have there . 
  eu really needs to adapt to face current issues and to listen to its wider electorate , especially given all the potential threats to it which are around the corner , with italy 's vote next month , and the ( likely ) italian , dutch , french and german elections next year . 
  may very well be right , but the fact is that the argument will go on economics when the uk government kicks it into gear , it is always the biggest issue for this debate . 
  to scotland , the uk market is vastly more important than the sm , and i think scottish voters see that , so the idea that scotland should leave the uk because of this does not seem palatable . 
  the potential hard border is also seen as very worrying from the people i 've spoken to . 
  i personally do n't think there would be one though . 
  of course , if the uk really screws up the eu negotiations then who knows what will happen . 
  the thing is that she is fighting the economic battle right now with the fact that `` scotland needs to stay in the single market , even if it has to leave the uk '' ( paraphrase ) . 
  she needs to change her issue . 
  maybe switch to workers ' rights , but there are n't any indications that the uk government will erode it once we 're out . 
  government is playing its cards very close to the chest , which means she needs to choose the battlefield to fight on , but she 's fighting uphill on almost every scenario at the minute . 
  pretty sure we 're all referendum 'd out . 
  well to be fair the polls before the 2014 vote continually put no behind where it actually finished , so it 's probably the opposite of what you think . 
  no finished 5-6 % ahead of where the polls had it , and the economic reasons for leaving have deteriorated significantly since then . 
  wait until article 50 and the negotiations before you jump to major conclusions though . 
  anything can happen . 
  no , nicola sturgeon will need polls to show support for independence at  60 % for a prolonged period before she ever tries another referendum . 
  failure again will kill her cause and likely her premiership in scotland so she will want to be certain that she will win comfortably , not simply at 51 % . 
  she needs that cushion . 
  polls have never shown support for independence at that level , and practically nobody thinks they will . 
  she ca n't win the economic battle that the single market matters more than the uk market for scotland , because it does n't , and that is basically the only card she has been trying to play . 
  she needs a new tac . 
  around 42 % of the exports from canada to the eu go to the uk , yes . 
   i have no idea how scotland stacks up to the rules of joining the eu it does n't . 
  it currently runs a deficit of between 9 % and 10 % of gdp . 
  it 's main issues are economical , i 've no doubt that it meets ( or would do ) the judicial , legislative and human rights parts of the requirements . 
  plastic bag usage ( at least in tesco ) has fallen by around 80 % since the charge came in . 
  not too bad . 
  still hilarious when people spend like # 90 but refuse to pay # 0.05 for a bag because `` it all goes to the government '' despite my assurances that it is in fact spent on local charities . 
  who is sabre rattling ? 
  i 'm stating a matter of fact , of all the nations in close proximity to the uk , the one which is most militarily capable , yet at the same time relatively hostile to us , which could still conceivably do us harm is undeniably russia . 
  just because you class them as a ` potential threat ' does not make you their enemy , or you theirs . 
  you 're definitely right there , i 'd be very wary if we had opted to do unilateral nuclear disarmament . 
  europe really needs to operate closely in the naval field . 
  the issue is that with the us potentially removing itself largely from europe , and no country in europe other than the uk and france taking defence seriously , we really do lack any strategic depth . 
  i hope germany picks it up a bit ( and they have been increasing the size of their tank force ) . 
  if the other countries pulled their weight it would not be as urgent as it is with the us ' situation . 
  i only hope other nato members commit to 2 % and stick to it . 
  i 've not mentioned a single thing from the article , mate . 
  not one thing , and neither have you up until now . 
  a `` potential threat '' could be any country with the ability to cut our supply and trade lines . 
  obviously most people will say russia , given they have an absolutely massive submarine force . 
  i 'm not saying that i agree with them , but what is clear is that if we were ever to face a country with a proper navy , we 'd be in serious trouble . 
  you can see why many were annoyed when the government announce it would get only 8 anti-submarine warfare frigates , allowing for at most 3 of the ships to ever be deployed standardly at once whereas russia ( let 's just assume the article was referring to them ) could deploy over 20 submarines at one time . 
  china could do a similar number . 
  our role in nato has normally been patrolling the giuk gap for russian submarines , and the continual downsizing of the navy now means we can not do that . 
  we no longer can continually deploy anywhere other than the north atlantic for example , even though we have commitments all over the planet . 
  either government should scale back the commitments , or we should invest in more hulls for the navy , likely corvettes or something to give us a presence elsewhere . 
  * except i never stated anything about fighting another country . 
  *  predicting who we will fight in the distant future is an idiot 's game reading what i wrote to you might be more useful for your understanding than blindly putting words in my mouth . 
  thanks though . 
  you mean the last ~ 2 weeks ( all comments in like 5 threads ) where there have been like 10 posts on this topic ? 
  i like to prove people like you wrong who assume the navy is just for murder and death . 
  the vast majority of the navy 's work includes absolutely no hostile acts , but people like you will just blindly ignore that and assume all they do is sail around bombing children . 
  bye bye mate , have a good existence . 
  stay away from the black helicopters . 
  you clearly have no understanding of this subject . 
  planes do not offer nearly as much versatility operationally as ships , their range is minuscule , they require much more servicing , they 're more prone to damages and their fighting capability ( in terms of payload available ) is nothing compared to a fully fitted warship . 
  look at my posts , i 'm not talking about warfighting . 
  i 'm talking about humanitarian works and sea-lane protection . 
  yes , because i admire the ability for the uk to assist those in need overseas suffering natural disasters , i must be an american serviceman . 
  you really are a genius , mate . 
  keep up the good work . 
  looking at your posts you seem to be a conspiracy theory nutjob , so i 'll just stop our conversation here . 
  we 're just about maintaining the jobs currently . 
  when the carriers are done the gap between fitting out and starting the type 26 is now so long that we are ordering more opvs to sustain the jobs of the shipbuilders on the clyde . 
  so your entire point is : we do n't need to care , we have nato !, 
  if trump 's rhetoric is correct then nato could be a busted flush . 
  the ability to protect ourselves at sea should be our primary defence aim , i do n't personally see a need for a massive standing army , but at the very least , the ability to protect 95 % of our overseas economic activity ( of which it arrives by sea ) is a vital national interest .
