  i believe it would have been possible in those last august days , without the british guarantee and without agitation by these warmongers , to have reached an understanding . 
  at a certain moment england herself offered to bring us into direct discussion with poland . 
  i was ready . 
  of course it was the poles who did not come . 
  i came to berlin with my government and for two days waited and waited . 
  meanwhile , i had worked out a new pro- posal . 
  you know it . 
  i had the british ambassador informed of it on the evening of the first day . 
  it was read to him sentence by sentence and the reich foreign minister gave him a supplementary explanation . 
  then came the next day and nothing occurred except for polish general mobilization , renewed acts of terror , and finally attacks against reich territory . 
  now in the life of nations , patience must not always be interpreted as weakness . 
  for years i patiently looked on these continuous provocations . 
  what keen suffering i underwent in these years only few can imagine , because there was hardly a month or week in which deputations from these districts did not come to me depicting unbearable conditions and imploring me to interfere . 
  i have always begged them to try again . 
  this continued for years , but i have recently also warned that this could not go on forever . 
  after again waiting and even receiving new proposals i finally decided , as i declared in the reichstag , to talk with poland in the same language as they talked to us , or believed they could talk to us - the language which alone they seem to understand . 
  croats and serbs, 
  ah but the politburo of the eussr will stop us !, 
  that is quite an amerocentric sub . 
  use / r/de instead even though it is practically a comunist dystopia now :p tagging op so he sees this , / u/iwouldprefernotto77, 
  300 pages ?!, 
  no one wll translate that for you for free . 
  however , you could ask someone learning german to do it for your `` dual benefit '' maybe ? 
  i must say that 85 % of the media i have recieved about brazil is very negative ( although true ) . 
  sad stuff :(, 
  i hear your edit quite a lot . 
  we love british wannabees . 
  whatever you call them . 
  we just miss being relevant so when people still care about us it feels pretty decent  also it 's acceptable if foreigners have bad us accents . 
  we 're used to it and we really do n't mind . 
  they never do the british ones . 
  almost no learners do . 
  same for most foreigners . 
  makes me sad :( they can do american ones fairly well , though . 
  there are n't many of you guys here . 
  nam it 's it 's an accent . 
  while their different terminoligy like `` nae '' is considered `` modern scottish english '' , it 's just like how the australians sound odd . 
  it kind of is though . 
  i do n't know any scotsman who speaks scots-gaelic although train stations in scotland have the translation . 
  some speak scots in some more remote areas ( which i would know , my father being scottish ) however , all british citizens that i have encountered have english as a first language . 
  the only language that is somewhat used is welsh , and even they are efl, 
  mexico city is a runner up , though !, 
  i 'd love to visit brazil . 
  it 's my favourite region in portugal . 
  shame i do n't speak spanish, 
  what is the difference between a roadkill hungarian and a roadkill dog ? 
  the roadkill dog has brake marks, 
  ** how do you get rid of aristocratic germans ? 
  ** how many people from dresden can you fit in a bentley ? 
  ** 40,000 if you bring a shovel !, 
  ** what do you call a blind german ? 
  ** a not see !, 
  roasted, 
  no one trusts you * with * the darks, 
  god said `` let there be light '' and then there was england, 
  * sigh * time to warm up the ships and unfreeze the duke of wellington, 
  not really but shhh, 
  well it 's mentionedthat there was fighting in india and singapore but it 's pretty minimal, 
  our textbook goes : japan take manchuria , invade china , pearl harbour , island hopping , and hiroshima/nagasaki, 
  holiday heroin ftw, 
  eh , most eastern europeans do n't like their soviet past . 
  no , * really * do n't like . 
  i still do n't fully get you . 
  what ? 
  the good thing about not being born in the country you live in is haingteaoity to abandon your nationality - and of course your shame, 
  my mum lived in communism . 
  she thinks psuedo communists are just ignorant people who think things will be good . 
  yorkshire tea for me, 
  i sure as heck hope not : /, 
  embarrass ourselves abroad, 
  thanks, 
  really ? 
  i was told otherwise, 
  it is illegal to fly the british flag on a pole on private property without permission edit : apparently this is n't true, 
  nice try catalonia, 
  he 's a new yorker who works in la i think, 
  eh everything is overplayed nowadays . 
  it 's a difficulty to give a shit . 
  trump * wo n't * be elected but if he was then maybe i 'd change my mind . . 
  what 's the massive difference between the norweigan sea/north atlantic to the north sea anyway ? 
  yes it is ? 
  edit : nope . 
  apparently the norweigan sea . 
  sorry , i thought you meant baltic * facepalm * try eating some rotten shark ( h\u00e1karl ) in iceland or something and report back saying wether you died or no, 
  why the north sea ? 
  anywya , i hear poland is nice this time of year , and it 's a very old country , so try gdansk or sczeszin maybe . 
  wwi was ending before america joined militarily . 
  however it 's trade power should not be overstated . 
  it is likely that a thirteen colonies would grow and feed britain instead , however . 
  sure , if you want !, 
  of their history ? 
  york is one of the oldest cities in england , with the duke of york being the most famous duke in the uk . 
  with castles , old shops , and a large tourist base for this kind of stuff , it is no wonder why so many people go there every year . 
  once owned by the danish , the city grew in the 1800 's thanks to railroad - and there 's a museum to show for it . 
  easily the second best historical city to visit in england proper , you 'll learn a lot by going there !, 
  stirling is less known , but certainly not less important . 
  containing one of scotland 's most important castles from the medieval times , as if it was breached , an invader could get into all the highlands . 
  it contains the site of the battle of stirling bridge , and of course the city 's university . 
  it has links to the english civil war ( yes , english ) and is where james i ( or james iv ) was crowned king of scotland and england . 
  sounds good to me !,
