  all you do is argue and , to be frank , it 's rather childish . 
  do n't push your `` holier than thou '' agenda on my own personal , relatively apolitical views . 
  i am saying who i feel closest to , as op did . 
   this one is bad , but some politicians want it removed , so it is going the right direction . 
  same with almost every law . 
  your only argument has been shoving words into my mouth . 
  it is not forcing . 
  if i tell someone either to convert or to drop islam as a religion , i will be arrested . 
  that 's persecuting being labelled as a christian because your parents are has 0 affect on you whatsoever , until you may be buggared to pay taxes to a church . 
  by then , you can denounce it . 
  slight correction : converting someone from islam is still a crime . 
  similar concept . 
  algeria is not secular . 
  converting away from islam is a crime . 
  in indonesia you get arrested for it and lose your child . 
  you are lying to me . 
  tunisia is a good example , algeria is not . 
  do n't tell me misinformation . 
  well op obviously does n't feel sorry for icelandic , norweigan ect people . 
  use context and your brain . 
   but what about countries with islam as a state religion i do n't know why you love algeria so much . 
  anyway , it depends if it 's secular ... 
  sympathy , is what i meant by relatability . 
  i doubt op actually feels sorry for the people he sad he wanted in most . 
  democratic , mostly secular muslim countries are fine . 
  i said that those were the cultures i felt closer to , in tiers , not who i want in . 
   so because some muslims are terrorists , then you bash them ? 
  so because there is some . 
  estimated 0.00006625 % ( pew reaserch ) is extremist muslims . 
  the french part front national has 87000 members , estimated , and there is around 64623437 french citizens . 
  that is 0.12843637518 % . 
  you have a higher chance of finding a member of front national than a muslim terrorist in two equally sized groups . 
  may i remind you : front nationals leader , jean-marie le pen , thinks that holocaust is , and i qoute : `` a point of detail of the history of the second world war . '', 
  and have said that the german occupation of france was , and i qoute again : `` not particularly inhumane , even if there were a few blunders , inevitable in a country of 220,000 square miles '' stop putting words into my mouth . 
  i never said muslims are terrorists . 
  i said i do n't feel close to ones who are religiously fundamentalist . 
   this is where integration programs come into the picture . 
  integrate the refugees and immigrants . 
  they have to feel they are a part of your country , then they are more likely to actually becoming working members of society . 
  i was never talking about migrants , stop putting words into my mouth . 
  what the fuck does this have to do with anything ?!, 
  if they 're integrated ... then they 're bloody secular and in tier 2 !, 
   i do n't know if i have understood this correctly . 
  but if i have : delegated power is , per definition , not democratic , that is right . 
  but it is a representative democracy is one of the most democratic ways to govern large countries . 
  representation is delegating your vote to someone else who can , by all means , do something else ( and it has been done ) your argument is broken . 
  you 're arguing refugees when i was never even talking about them . 
  i was talking about muslim fundamentalist countries . 
  but no , you have to bring your refugee bs into everything . 
  it 's all anyone talks about nowadays . 
  [ edit : i thought you meant turkmenistan . 
  oops . ], 
  the organization for security and co-operation in europe election observers said the 2010 polling in tajikstan `` failed to meet many key osce commitments '' and that `` these elections failed on many basic democratic standards . '', 
  there are no countries in the world that fully adopt the christian ideology though . 
  none . 
  not even the vatican follows the bible 100 % . 
  some are close , but even then no where as near as many muslim fundamentalist ones . 
  the fact there 's only one absolute monarchy in europe just proves that . 
  there are only communities of them . 
  that 's the difference . 
  if this was the 70 's i would see pretty much no problem with islam as it never used to be fundamentalist , and i 'd be bashing the irish instead . 
  i put china on list # 1 . 
  they 're very different to us . 
  they 're also not so democratic . 
  but it 's better than the many backwards states that exist today . 
  also , does that any delagated power is undemocratic ? 
  because otherwise we 'd have 100 % direct democracy , and i ca n't say that 's very good for a nation . 
  a monarch can keep extreme ideologies away with the stroke of a pen . 
  while it ca n't stop 80 % of people from wanting to kill all of a certain race , they can stop a harrassing 30,40 , or even 50 % that uses threats to get it 's way . 
  i 'd rather live unable to vote in a more secularised state than be able to vote where a large majority of people would n't even let a girl outside alone . 
  albania is pretty secular , so is tunisia . 
  they 're in tier 2 . 
  mauritania is a racist state where the moors enslave blacks to horrific levels . 
  tajikstan has poor human rights , but so do many christian nations , so i 'll ignore that . 
  turkmenistan is a cult of personality style dictatorship , also extremely terrible . 
  the benefit of monarchy is not just to be appointed `` by god '' , it 's a non-partisan figurehead to rally behind , and also gives quite a bit of tourist money . 
  nobody feels true patrotism for a president in the same way as a king . 
  no one says `` keep you differences aside for the president ! '', 
  no one does that , and rightfully so - a president is biased . 
  a monarch can unite a nation . 
  also , saying just because a nation is democratic means it 's freer than a monarchy is not necessarily true , either . 
  most britons want to keep their king , anyway . 
  i am not judging it `` because they 're muslim '' , but because very religious muslim nations have a very different cultural buildup , generally , from christian nations . 
  they have their similarities at first but they 've branched off to be very different things, 
  lots of politicians are hard to trust , and lots of politicians lie . 
  i think putin has done an ok job of countering american influence and keeping us on our toes . 
  from a russian viewpoint , he 's actually done well for a lot of the part . 
  it 's more the values of the society that i can feel connected to , to be honest . 
  israel , too , holds these values , but i forgot to mention them . 
  the morals and laws and very mentality come from these societies ... 
  it 's why they mean so much to the world despite it 's secularism - it unites us in culture . 
  why do n't you like russia ? 
  i just found it amusing how you had to state the importance of somethig which we know is just a political flick as you 're being so polite , i 'll thank you for your time and curiousity , and leave it there . 
  i was just surprised by how you thought you knew our lives more than us . 
  have a good day . 
  canadian !, 
  you do not know what is important in europe because some news told you . 
  do not refute other people 's claims . 
  let me guess : you 're an american and got this all off fox news, 
  non eu people i relate to the most : it 'd be the liechtensteiners , russians , chileans , argentinians , uraguayans , chinese , aussie , canuck , and kiwis .
