  no one really cares wxcept after elections where people get upset for a week or two . 
  only the statistics nerds complain :p, 
  it is you filthy colonial dog \\ #sunneversets, 
  only the mentally challenged kids got them in our school . 
  so the red gets 6 points but any other opinions get downvoted ? 
   bradford that 's why, 
  i love the way you say everything . 
  never change , 
  circlejerk aside , you would n't handle living here if you ca n't take some banter . 
  or it 's because it costs a lot to do this and if someone got sick from it , the company would be getting the short end of the stick . 
   would n't want to move here great !, 
  no western country has shown as much arrogance as yours . 
  you 're still incredibly brainwashed . 
  also , this survey probably did n't reach everyone unless it was part of a census, 
  are you literate , amertub ? 
  i said `` a lot of you '' . 
  there are many other responses in this thread saying they like you . 
  but i guess you want me to stroke your ego again . 
  we learnt how it is the most glorious thing ever . 
  10/10 would do again . 
  * tips fedora * m'lady, 
  you man you cried behind the alps until austria was collapsing ? 
  if we 're so shit then why were you losing to us until germany wiped your pathetic arses . 
  you can sod off . 
  i have better things to do than argue with nationalistic italians who have n't achieved anything of merit since lepanto . 
  they were celts , not saxons . 
  besides , i was n't born here, 
  horrible as people - not a government . 
  they only see you as rude , ignorant moneybags who protect them . 
  yet you still ca n't pull your weight in the world wars, 
  because they barely know how horrible you are generally . 
  yes , because people who need your military support like you . 
  that 's it . 
  just like us in the 1800s and early 1900 's . 
  that 's it . 
  if there was a better replacement they 'd probably ditch you . 
  if you were poor and did n't protect them they 'd hate you and just love someone instead . 
  that 's how this works . 
  people who do n't need you do n't like you - they 're just faking it because you want their favour and you want their protection . 
  we do n't . 
  we wish we could have america 's power in taming pets . 
  we 're too dumb and savage, 
  nope . 
  it 's illegal to lock up disabled people, 
  do n't be so smug about it then, 
  no one likes nationalistic italians because their country is poor throughout history minus rome , venice , and maybe genoa, 
  you 're a `` democracy '' just kidding , you 're a bunch of overpatriotic people who love your oligarchy , 
  i agree with you . 
  teasing ameritubs is hilarious, 
  i do . 
  a lot of you are fat , one upping , rude , and downright ignorant , then blaming the south as if nothing you do is wrong , when you still have huge problems . 
  the sheer arrogance held by some of you - i 'd prefer if we were friends with china instead - a country that actually respects us . 
  our of all of the people i 've met , the worst of those have been among the american nationality . 
  italy colonised libya ffs, 
  just upset we whooped your arses in el-alamein, 
  you were a fascist state until the war made your dictators resign !, 
   was all that extra energy and money spent on trying to make western europe like us a waste ? 
  i thought it was meant in a nice gesture to repair us , not control us :( ( ( in all seriousness , you do have that `` murika '' stereotype . 
  but you 're not nazi . 
  fat reactionary nithobs yes , but not nazis . 
  1807 never forget, 
  even hitler 's nickname was `` adi '', 
  usa i 'd put on tier 2 . 
  do n't really like the yanks that much . 
  i 'd call them burger , personally , not gun :p, 
  gun and kebab ? 
  you mean turkey ? 
  they 're secular , at least their people are quite a lot . 
  i 'm a fan of them . 
  tier 2 . 
  it 's not sarcasm when you defended the country earlier . 
  are you kidding ? 
  that changes absolutely nothing . 
  you hold some idealised view of the un - they failed to address the rwandan genocide properly , too . 
  turkmenistan has 3rd worse freedom of press , had a one party system , and oppresses minorities . 
  `` voted '' corrupt dictatorial regimes are not very western . 
  it is horribly oppressive and abuses voting rights . 
  human rights councils say it is probably one of the worst countries , just so you know next time : / the president has been in power for years and spends government money on gold statues of himself . 
  yep , this is it . 
  glad an internet argument actually ended civily . 
   then u/selfhatingyankreturn writes who he feels the most sympathy for . 
  and if i have understood the post correctly , then the ones he has the most sympathy for is the ones he would rather take in as refugees/migrants/etc . , is this understood correctly u/selfhatingyankreturn . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong ? 
  by the way he wrote it , it seems that he too does not have the best grasp of the english langauge , and did not mean sympathy , but rather connection . 
  note how certain languages link these words  but i have kinda figured it out , that you are anti-refugees/anti-migrants . 
  othervise you would n't feel attacked , the right-wing usually does that , in denmark all other equal . 
  then i can ask you : `` why are you anti-refugees/anti-migrants , and then you can say : `` i do n't want to go in dept on that subject . 
  '' , and i will say fine . 
  i just think it is a little wierd to comment on a post with the word `` immigrant '' in the title , and then not talk about it . 
  i might be a bit right , but i do n't really want to mention it because i have n't formulated my mind on the subject yet . 
  therefore i do n't want to say much about it , except that unlimited access is silly and 0 % is harsh . 
   also : i would n't say that in this time of humanitarian crisis that your opinion on the migrant/refugee area is relatively apolitical views . 
  apolitical means politically neutral in england too , right ? 
  again , please correct me if i am wrong . 
  a+p olitical = not political , you are correct my opinion on refugees is apolitical because i never brought it up . 
  i only said i 'm not a fan of islamic fundamentalists , which to that you replied `` not all muslims are terrorists '' i think you may have just misunderstood . 
   are you gon na answer the questions ? 
  you can just say that you are anti taking in refugees and migrants , if that is what you are . 
  buggared ? 
  but i 'm not .
