  have fun !, 
  have you considered stirling in scotland too or maybe york ? 
  they have lots of history too . 
  well , it 's more visiting the different buildings and galleries , and the restaurants . 
  do n't be fooled by the mundane sounding - it certainly is very unique and interesting !, 
  as for dublin , i must say that i ca n't remember good sites off the top of my head . 
  this ireland trip was quite some time ago . 
  i went to belfast in 2012 for the titanic 100 years anniversary . 
  the surroundings were a bit depressing , but the city was actually really nice , and there 's lots to do for a day trip . 
  however , dublin would probably be better for more days as you can travel out more . 
  i think you should only visit 1 irish city . 
  arguably , belarus is still fascist . 
  you can go to paris and take a train to rome/colonge or something . 
  i do n't think the american revolution really effected wwi at all apart from the fact the usa was independent . 
  it 's affect on american policy is minimal , because even the war of 1812 ( of which it is fair to say it 's linked ) was irrelevant . 
  napoleon was just so much more important to the world . 
  it 's such a big part of american culture , but we 're only told the french helped fund the americans to fight the british , which only served to bankrupt them and give them ideas of liberty . 
  * puts corks in ears and bashes cymbals * lalalalala cant hear yoh brittania rules the waves, 
  possibly true , but not too much to the world at the time . 
  we touch on it but that 's all, 
  he still just added the `` von '' by his own accord, 
  not * really * . 
  the french revolution had far more impact . 
  jouw flair is het nederlands, 
  it means dutch, 
  poor souls who have never heard of the original . 
  switzerland . 
  cookoo clocks !, 
  o no it 's that mod from that dutch reddit stroopwaffeln zijn niet lekker remove dutch, 
  yeah , i mean english . 
  it 's ok , andorra , we like you too . 
  lol . 
  i do n't blame you chaps, 
  he was called otto bismarck and named himself otto von bismarck before he was granted titles . 
  even if he inherited his sch\u00f6nbrun estate he was still otto bismarck, 
  speek english you mountain germunz, 
  yeah here amsterdam is `` hahaha swamp germans on weed '' so i see where you 're coming from !, 
  ah , how did you get rid of the x von y names ? 
  not all of them are aristocratic . 
  bismarck did it for no real reason for example . 
  did they force people to change or ... ? 
  the fucking british , amirite ? 
  ah but you southerners are always the polite ones , 
  where do you live in germany then ? 
  please just fix the ones who make those `` i * ron brew * '' spinoffs, 
  the people who tend to go to scotland tend to be politer :p, 
  that 's `` thirteen colonies '' to you !, 
  try / r/samplesize, 
  does shrek live there ? 
  because it 's full of loud and rude chavs ? 
  was it pari ? 
  they 're all twunt face slops, 
  not a muslim ? 
  i bet if they were white muslim you would n't even know until they said . - . 
  i have a ** tiny ** feeling that doing so is illegal just a little :p, 
  i thought you said `` heavily poisoned '' and was like wat, 
  so could one with a darker skintone fit in ? 
  a fairly noticable amount must have converted , no ? 
  yeah i meant more in grenada . 
  but in 1016 there were still muslims there, 
  one thousand years * sorry, 
  are n't there a lot of african descent people who have lived in spain for thousands of years anyway ? 
  only ze true aryans may live in norweigen, 
   the problem is that for most people to truly be a norwegian you need to look like a norwegian . 
  blonde hair , blue eyes , tall , etc etc. . . 
  so you 're saying that anyone with brown hair/eyes is a filthy dane/german and can never be norweigan ? 
  i feel like that is n't true :p, 
  what a shame :(, 
  is n't that in belgi\u00eb, 
  haha , afraid i am not from liechtenstein , it 's just an inside joke :p, 
  i felt pretty bad for correcting him to be honest . 
  well , time to get the old noose ... 
  no problem mate !, 
  gromit !, 
  we forgot the crackers !, 
  halouminati confirmed . 
  cheese is really dangerous . 
  my whole block of it exploded in the kitchen . 
  there was de brie everywhere . 
  in future , keep in mind it is spelt `` typically '' . 
  odd spelling , but keep it in mind , 
  that was a tupo , i 'm on a phone , i 'm afraid . 
  also i 'm in austria right now !, 
  creepy . 
  edit : typo * how bloody ironic . 
  but would you still consider them from their other country ? 
  i mean , * first a brit * , then from elsewhere ? 
  only we can bully the french !, 
   ostalgie brilliant, 
  in the czech republic ? 
  i do have to suggest the larger cities for english speakers . 
  bratislava i hear is beautiful in slovakia but also very expensive . 
  again , baltic states i hear as nice . 
  try searching on wikipedia for country 's proficiency in english . 
  it used to be far worse at english in the 1980 's . 
  they 've done a great job of themselves . 
  czech republic is pretty good , although as it is my birthplace i may be a little biased, 
  most former eastern bloc countries seem to be completely forgotten by you yanks . 
  try visiting estonia or somewhere nice . 
  what language ( s ) do you speak ?
