  second tier , any christian or mostly secular valued nation third : others . 
  immigrants ? 
  depends what they 're like really . 
  who knows ? 
  who really cares ? 
  edit : there seems to be some ambiguity reading the question . 
  you might want to read the below comments before thinking i 'm some sort of racist . 
  i , as a citizen of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , completely agree !, 
  scottish are ginger , not irish, 
  even the north has some very , very large fellows, 
  land of gulag and no potato, 
  if it was n't for us you 'd be speaking german !, 
  we read `` the very hungry caterpillar '' in reception !, 
  i 've had that , and i actually liked them :( some people put waaaaay too much sweet stuff on them , like chocolate and stuff . 
  that 's probably why, 
  they look identical to our british ones !, 
  the second are just pancakes , right ? 
  anglosphere  germanic countries  europe  japan and china  christian countries  the rest . 
  ah , of course he meant a leichten stein !, 
  it 's liechtenstein . 
  imagine tea + cereal . 
  we need to test this . 
  i never got the point of nutella , eier . 
  but sprinkles ? 
  that 's like ... doughnut bread !, 
  come tomthink of it , multicoloured sprinkle spread would be delicious . 
  i could n't imagine that here !, 
  you silly swamp germans :p, 
  chocolate sprinkles on toast ? 
  sounds pretty odd, 
  strange people, 
  must be all the potatoes they put in their mouth, 
  they ca n't order it , but if an outsider started attacking their members i can bet you they would care . 
  if qu\u00e9bec leaves canada , then the us will be bigger than canada . 
  the front page would be unbearable for weeks !, 
  that 's because a lot of people would n't know the foreign subregions unless if they 're interested or just play too much victoria 2, 
  nederlands is net zoals engels yeah . 
  it does n't always seem so similar !, 
  or that moment when they go out the back to check with the manager if it 's real :0, 
  i 'm pretty sure this reigonalisation ( in the uk ) is a recent phenomenon since after the cold war . 
  i hear it was never always this big . 
  frog sympathy . 
  absolutely gross . 
  * vomits in bucket *, 
  so if someone invaded poland you 'd just stand by and do nothing ? 
  are you * sure ? 
  it 's not neutrality if you join organisations . 
  it 's just bending rules to get benefits , really . 
  french tourists . 
  useful phrases : je me rends !, 
  = hello , my german friend !, 
  = i am a chronic liar !, 
  = i am an arrogant cheese eating wine drinking snob . 
  have fun !, 
  i 'm pretty sure austria gave up their neutrality . 
  because the belgians want to take over your mind heil belgi\u00eb, 
  i eat 20 hamburgers for dinner . 
  deal with it !, 
  mhm , yeah , airwaves is also popular in the czech republic, 
  the things you said seemed like nonsense until i said it out loud . 
  good game :p also , it 's the best i could find on the internet , sorry laddie . 
  i 'm taking the piss mate , calm down saying that is probably the easiest way of upsetting a taiwanese person . 
  you ca n't just downvote someone because you 're upset they might be right ... sheesh . 
  but it would seem i am correct , give or take a year . 
  why ? 
  just defend yourself, 
  them bloody swadians and their butter, 
  * chinese taipei we already have a china flag . 
  also note they 're potentially miles away . 
  australia 's large . 
  almost as big as america !, 
  how old are you , 13 ? 
  is language a concern ? 
  scotland 's still part of the uk , so it would n't count . 
  the only reason i can live my nice cushy life under baron pickleberry is that the americans give us tourist money if it was n't for america i 'd have to stop sleeping in my barn and sell my farm :(, 
  it 's true . 
  i can see your dike flooding from my window ( because europe is so small ), 
  yeah every day we become closer to enacting sharkeesha law and i 'm really scared :( i 'll move to like indonesia or something if the muzzies take over, 
  we do . 
  you 're from `` republica syrpska or however the fuck you spell it * but to say that no one from there fled would probably not be true, 
  because , no offence intended ( although you will take it as such ) , we 're generally a bit sick of the narcissism of the yankees, 
  as european peasants we have to beg for scraps off us tourists :( i live in a house with a thatched roof . 
  every year lord pickleberry ( local baron ) lets us stay in his manor for a day . 
  modern usage ? 
  no books write it down because it 's modern terminology ... fucking heck you smug bastard . 
  you talk about how it 's safe here yet say a large number of civilians die ? 
   it has never been used before what , never said before ? 
  says the fucking * italian * ? 
  that 's like me saying a ny pizza is better than an italian one ... 
  it 's insulting someone 's stupidity as it is theirs . 
  if you can insult someone 's stupidity ... why not their immaturity why are you so edgy , anyway ? 
   claims english proficiency  ca n't understand modern terminology mfw, 
  we understand these more because we have lots of exposure to these accents . 
  insulting, 
  all i know about portsmouth is that you can go there via caen, 
  or your immaturity . 
  are you even italian ? 
  or maybe an italian american . 
  someone 's butthurt . 
  you have no idea what banter is .
