read the last line . 
  all my life i 've been fascinated with history , and beginning in secondary school ( around age 12 ) i became especially interested in the holocaust and the nazi regime . 
  every time the subject came up in school i would pay attention moreso than in other classes , and no matter the class i would try to relate papers and assingments back to my passion : the holocaust . 
  obviously people took notice , and i became known as the kid who liked the holocaust . 
  most of them did n't think it was too weird , they just thought it was a hobby and they would sometimes talk to me if they had any questions . 
  i did n't think it was weird either , i just found the horrible atrocities fascinating to learn about . 
  because of this interest i majored in history at oxford university , despite what people said about history not being the safest major due to lack of jobs . 
  regardless i pushed through , got my phd , and wrote all the papers i could on my beloved holocaust . 
  come the end of the education chapter in the book of my life , i had to move on and find a job . 
  but what people said was right . 
  there were no jobs for a holocaust fanatic such as myself . 
  within a year i was homeless , living on the streets . 
  i 'd curl up in my refrigerator box , thinking back on my life . 
  only after years of excrutiating suffering could i secure myself an apartment . 
  was it worth it to major in what i loved , was it worth being homeless to persue my passion : the holocaust ? 
  i had never been able to answer that question . 
  because i just did n't know . 
  that is until now , now i know it was all worth it , because i can say with absolute certainty that your comment is literally worse than hitler, 
  alright . 
  good luck with what you 're doing . 
  well , what do you want me to do about it ? 
  i am not getting married anytime soon anyway ... 
  then start a petition to allow relinquishment of parental rights and take it to your local politician . 
  that 's all you have to do . 
  take real action . 
  it 'd be better if you specified that . 
  that does n't make it a worse place to be ? 
  yeah , i do n't intend on getting married in the next 5 years anyway . 
  it is sad how this stuff happens really . 
  it 'd be nice if it did n't , but i think you are blowing it a bit out of proportion ? 
  why is this anglosphere in particular ? 
  why ? 
  that 's the most stupid thing i 've heard all day, 
  first one ? 
  gee someone is a sauerkraut, 
  czech people tend to stay home, 
  no , it 's from limburg, 
  it 's not in any pie ones afaik, 
  eh the east asians do it too you know, 
   protestant work ethic that 's probably it . 
  he will . 
  he lives on in argentina !, 
  london looks so familiar , even back then . 
  patriotism is n't nationalism, 
  what the ... * upvotes *, 
  try / r/europes, 
  but god did n't write the bible himself ... it 's easy to jab at religions you do n't know full about . 
  will nobody think of the roads ? 
  damn right . 
  animals are delicious . 
  found the vegan, 
  if it was easy it 'd already have been done :p, 
  it affects the people making the flairs . 
  i was giving an explanation as to why there was no scotland until i was dogpiled . 
  as i said , it 'd be a bit of a clusterfuck of flairs and more work for the css mods, 
  politicise it ? 
  it 's just going to be a clusterfuck if we have to many flairs, 
   i did n't ask for your opinion neither did the flair mods . 
  neither did this thread . 
  you 're pathetic downvoting me like that . 
  if people are too dumb to see past the uk then that 's their fault , not the fault of some petty scottish nationalists who antagonise me, 
  this is n't an english flag . 
  it 's a british flag . 
  if you get a scotland then we 'll need a bavaria , a catalonia , and every subnational entity if people are whiny enough . 
  catalonia is n't a country . 
  geez . 
  ` nuff said, 
  \\  french karlings get off this sub reeeee, 
  glitterhoof no !, 
  you think finland is shitty ? 
  i 've read your comment history and you are the biggest chicken-shit loser i 've ever seen on reddit , you make / u/spez look masculine . 
  fight me irl , you little bitch , i 'll even pay for your flight first class so you can get a taste of the good life before i fuck you up . 
  you 're just some loser commie tranny who makes shit up online . 
  send me your info and i 'll arrange every thing . 
  pm it if you 're afraid to show the world who you are . 
  i 'm not afraid of shit , let alone some little bitch like you , you probably buy random tinder sluts pizza with the hope that you might get to buy them cookies next time . 
  i live in turku so maybe you can even just get a train or something , do n't worry i 'll still pay for it because i know your broke commie tranny ass ca n't afford shit . 
  my cell is 35867353000 and my address is : 2 kallastenmutka , turku , western finland i live in the house with the boat outside , i even have my own maid . 
  i 'm moving soon so put up or shut up . 
  this is personnel , kiddo . 
  nice username , troll . 
  a historically relevant peoples which now no one really cares about . 
  rip you were good nomads, 
  you . 
  bed . 
  now . 
  what 's a salty , autistic estonian doing on reddit ? 
  serbs are on fire today !, 
  maybe it was a bit , but it explains why he 's so emphatic :p, 
  his uncle 's dick fits him , implying his uncle - ... use your imagination, 
  na , it 's only one day old . 
  you are forgiven :\\ ^ ), 
  that ; s because i 'm 11 years old, 
  it 's a meme, 
  just like his uncle 's dick, 
  try memrise to complement it , so that you have vocab too . 
  you might like / r/languagelearning, 
  but then you can pretend to be retarded . 
  or in my case , you do n't even need to pretend !, 
  because they get off the boat , see a dusty shithole full of derelict buildings and old fat shouting women in headscarves and assume they have n't reached the west yet,
