  `` dark satanic mills '' good anthem indeed . 
  and bloodlust . 
  if they do n't want to be inconvenienced then tough, 
  well thats just tough mate, 
  continental scum . 
  nevermind . 
  little girls can be resilient , you know . 
  what am i to them anyway . 
  such a shame . 
  how 'd you know em ? 
  5 year olds forget things quickly . 
  tough for her . 
  i 'm poisoning myself beforehand , dw . 
  thanks but i 'm sticking to the ol noose :d, 
  yeah !, 
  thanks for the advice , goodbye forever . 
  what if you want to die, 
  we have `` the ignorant indian '' saying too . 
  it does mean real india , not americans . 
   `` querelle d'allemand '' - a german 's dispute , or an argument over something small , unimportant germans ? 
  you vill pay for zat !, 
  should have , not should of . 
  you 're making it sound as if you 're disagreeing with him . 
  he distanced himself from the thought . 
  if he believed it , he 'd ignore the words . 
  but it does n't really make sense . 
  he never said he believed the notion . 
  by saying `` there 's a notion '' , you imply the opposite, 
  dank reference , bro !, 
   there 's been this notion, 
  driving cars costs thousands of lives every year , probably moreso in percentage than conscript deaths in the west . 
  lots of things do . 
  huamn rights mean nothing if a foreign influence wants to abuse them . 
  how is it a violation of human rights ? 
  thought it was a name :p, 
  basically , once you watch so much straight porn , your brain gets used to it , especially if you watch it every day or even every other day sometimes . 
  then , your brain has to seek something new to get it going - a fetish . 
  if you stop watching porn so much you can go back to vanilla but if you do n't , it can get increasingly strange . 
  in fact , it can get to the point where * straight men * watch gay porn and masturbate to it - but they 're not gay , it 's the fuckup in their brain chemistry and all . 
  these people really should stop watching so much and take a week or more off beating the bishop . 
  ludzkie and ludie , are we long lost relatives ? 
  but it literally takes a few hours . 
  it 's not that much work at all . 
  it 's not like arabc or chinese, 
  russian script and greek scripts are still relatively easy to learn if you take a few hours out of your day . 
  mother in law, 
  he was an edgy teen , and he admitted he made it for the lulz later, 
  does anyone like mil 's ? 
  listen up you potato nigger if not for ameritards muh heritaging you because they need an excuse for getting shitfaced and wearing green no one could even point your country on the map is there anything ireland is known for aside from leprechauns and ira ? 
  your capital was founded by vikings so thanks to them you have something resembling a city and if not for glorious british people you would still have no electricity , lived in mud huts and launch cattle raids . 
  your `` nation '' disgusts me . 
  copypaste this to every irish you see . 
  i learnt the russian script with a 1hr read and 30mins or less of scribbling it around to test it , probably less . 
  it 's certainly not too hard at all . 
  besides , any true change would cost several * million *, 
  time and money to learn other scripts ? 
  have you ever * learnt * one ? 
  it 's generally cheap and free online . 
  it 's a belgian thing , and a rule on / r/belgium - no advocating drinking beer from the wrong glass !, 
  you need to be 18 to purchase beer here , but you can have it earlier . 
  domestos . 
  great drink for french visitors . 
  they 're only animals . 
  we eat them . 
  if you think animals and humans have the same rights , jump into the gorilla exhibit at your local zoo . 
  but they killed humans, 
  we have laws for animals . 
  for example : murder of french people is illegal, 
  you finns sure are an odd bunch, 
  you mean weapons of mass destruction ? 
  finnish economy 101, 
  finland is just swamp no one wants it anymore, 
  i went to wilno last month . 
  really nice city . 
  calm down andorra, 
  or drinking beer in the wrong glass, 
  if it 's an american asking , set two drinks on fire and say `` here 's your twin towers '', 
  shut up you fat , salty yank . 
  is it that bad ? 
  it entertains people . 
  remove danskj\u00c4vlar remove danskj\u00e4vlar you are worst viking . 
  you are the dane idiot you are the dane smell . 
  return to scandava . 
  to our danish cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , norway we will never forgeve you . 
  looting rascal fuck but fuck asshole dane stink norway b\u00f6rk b\u00f6rk . . danish genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead dand . . ahahahahahnorway we will get you !!, 
  do not forget 1807 . sweden we kill the king , sweden return to your precious syria ... . hahahahaha idiot dane and norge smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove danskj\u00c4vlar from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + britain + france = kill norway ... you will ww2 / \u00c6lfred alive in britain , \u00e6lfred making economy of britain . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of \u00e6lfred ... you are ppoor stink dansk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt \u00e6lfred alive numbr one # 1 in brittania ... . fuck the norway , . . fuckk ashol danes no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  lfred aliv and real strong wizard kill all the dane farm aminal with saxon magic now we the britn rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and norway wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  britain greattst countrey, 
  shhhh i have to remake the empire * somehow *, 
  danmag best nordic !, 
  slesvig holsten is true danish remove kraut, 
  you mean south denmark ? 
  stronk unlike the krauts,
