theres no need to save the internet . 
  blockchain internet will replace it anyway . 
  millitary will control refugees better than erdogan did though . 
  also i doubt any refugee would like to walk the turkish land now . 
  russia will probably end the ww3 not start it . 
  yeah they sure do n't belong to the eu this kind of shit goes down to america.and america is not what i want for eu to become . 
  depression is for those that use banks . 
  there is bitcoins around since 2009 i suggest you take a cut of the pie , before its to late.at least you will never be affected by anything anyone anywhere does . 
  you will have more money than you had plus noone will be able to track them or tax them . 
  cashout everywhere in the world you are . 
  i cant understand how banks have n't failed yet.i have a huge bet ongoing and boy i will be 100x richer when that bet delivers . 
  so after that he concluded that the biggest loss of the referundum was his own career . 
  he gave the gun to his ppl to shoot their own faces . 
  i think cameron was shorting the fuck out of the pound . 
  is this something like : fucks given ? 
  he voted though for your future too not just his.and so did many like him . 
  that is the sad part of the story . 
  as a greek can you just leave us where the sun is again thanks . 
  well i know !, 
  the possibilities are they are going to be a dog 99 % of the time . 
  while you are at it put a fence around your coastlines and a dome on your aerial territory you should be ok no worries . 
  that is exactly what it will happen probably . 
  are you saying you are ok with that ? 
  do n't listen to the experts man ... 
  for sure you wont be getting same benefits with the rest of the eu if anything you need to have benefits to your members like any other club does.why would you want to be a member if there where no benefits anyway . 
  sharing those benefits to non eu countries i think it would trigger a veto or two . 
  i hope you wont ever have to regret your vote . 
  as a half british ( father ) half greek ( mother ) i wish you the best of luck.mostly because greece is already fucked up and i really need me second option . 
  just do n't fuck up, 
  so you think isolation can cut it for our millenia ? 
  none a simple veto fromthe scots if they enter the eu will freeze any negotiations that might benefit the uk . 
  let us hope your queen wont start goofing with the eu like she did with the chinese . 
  i do n't think london can afford to leave eu as well . 
  where the damn hell is greece ? 
  [ irrelevant deleted ], 
  no i did not follow any campaigns i am not a guy that cares about politics . 
  i only care about economics . 
  politics are like relegions but instead of gods they believe in flags that just wo n't cut it for this millenia . 
  edit : maybe you are saying that the campaign was made for uk to open up to the rest of the world ? 
  if so that was a really weird way to achieve this by leaving the eu zone . 
  your bigest export partner was germany following usa and the next are all european states like france swiss netherlands and so on http://www.statista.com/statistics/270374/main-export-partners-for-the-united-kingdom/ are you implying that you are in a better position to trade with your europe partners now than you used to be 3 days ago ? 
  or is it china . 
  i would n't hold my breath on that . 
  was it worth the risk to lose your veto on the eu parliament ? 
  how would uk ppl would feel if they had to abandon the sterling in a few years if things do n't go that well ? 
  hoping the best honestly.but i am not seeing anything positive coming out of this situation for commoners quite the contrary.they will be affected first . 
  rich ppl are not to worry about them they can always take their capital wherever they think its more profitable for them . 
  i do n't know man . 
  you are in a shitty situation as we speak.and you have cost a lot of money/assets/profits with your referendum yesterday to some of the most powerfull figuers of this planet ( theres a chance they might hold you a grung a about it ) . private capitals are not something to get lightly.the can go as easy as they came . 
  there is no borders for capital . 
  they do villas on santorini and mykonos if your flag is finland i can assure you that . 
  all your plutocrats spend their moneys on greece every summer . 
  some of the most high tech yaghts i ve seen had your flag and swetzerlands flag too . 
  ( i did n't knew swiss had sea but hell do they have yaghts ), 
  i do n't get all that optimism about long term gains . 
  what in the world can be positive in a situation like this for uk or sterling on the long run under what economic laws can you hope for long term gains cutting yourself off the rest of the world . 
  will see . 
  the game just started . 
  i am expecting to see some pretty big changes . 
  yeah fuck them bitches too . 
  well this is the first time i agree with a turk . 
  not that pope saying something we did n't know but religious pricks should be bothered with religious shits . 
  you really did fucked up not just sterling in a matter of hours but euro too . 
  you cost to german some billions of euros at times that everything is fucked up i do n't think you can expect a special snowflake treatment from eu towards the uk.you must be joking . 
  what you can expect is a vat on your banking transactions with the rest of the eu soon . 
  also : almost every prominent figurehead in the uk had said that everything will be fine and to not trust the experts . 
  now your economy is 40 years back in hours . 
  i as an eu citizen would be ok to keep uk in if they are getting cold feet . 
  but since the sterling is droping i would suggest them to ditch the pound for euro 's if they wanted back in no more special snowflake treatment for them . 
  euro 's is the currency that every country that supports the eu ideology should use that would only make it better for everyone in it . 
  and harder for anyone to get out of . 
  if you need someone to teach you how to sell a leave vote for a stay vote i can sell you mr.tsipras for 300 billion euro 's, 
  you must keep looking ivan.you must . 
  you already drop your place per gpd and france took your place in a matter of hours . 
  i can only imagine that to drop further from now on . 
  on the modern world that screams for unity declering you are a special snowflake that will need exceptional treatment from now on just does not cut it . 
  the markets will hit mercilessly your currency for the years that comes . 
  those fotos on the link are not representetive of the architecture knowledge it took place for this project it is an underground building mostly what you see on top is just a portion of it with mostly landscape architecture to be less disruptive for the horizon perspective . 
  to really value it you must see the designs . 
  i am sure mr.stayros niarchos if he wanted to he would be able to buy a large portion of german but having no sun or seas wo n't be of any help for his business model . 
  from what i know it cost just some billions euro.that was gifted by stayros niarchos to the state probably mr.stayros niarchos can afford gifts like that.he is one of the richest guys in greece . 
  there is no such thing as a crisis when it comes to capital owners . 
  [ for the tears to come out , nutella ] ( http://imgur.com/iblyvij ), 
  i know we got a lot of brits here every summer which comes to my final question . . what you where thinking voting leave ? 
  what can you possible fix alone that cant be fixed be us as a whole . 
  it seems that by the road you picked that is what it will be left on uk a tiny united kingdom of englands, 
  flag checks out ... eliwsa sto gelio ... 
  so the refugees are a problem on eu because greeks are assholes ? 
  i thought syrians where evacuating because germans france british russians and americans bomb their fucking asses to oblivion ... well sorry for fucking up and instead of drawing those poor bastards on mediteranian we are more worried of saving them . 
  feel free to come over a greek island this summer and draw some of those fuckers out of their missery . 
  you better hurry before you ll get to need a visa to travel to greece . 
  imagine if you where in greece 's place on the map then . 
  we have tons of issues but thank god xenophobia is not one of those . \\, 
  as its proven for the last 4 years i am in it , hopefully everything . 
  every time something is fucked up on global economies bitcoin price rises . 
  and that 's the end game . 
  hopefully more countries will follow your decision.and that can only be on my assistant it is about placing bets.i am not doing finances i am betting the world will get fucked up really soon and so it does . 
  what countries are uk stands for ? 
  yeah i have n't heard anything good about erdogan or turkey for ages . 
  they do need some good press.but they seem to be bothered with so many problems atm .
