  sweden included . 
  and that is what i call `` diluting '' , if you force more countries leaving when you drive eu in the direction you want . 
  a more federal eu with fewer countries is n't more powerful , and ca n't solve the problem that europeans is facing . 
  we have to have more countries in , not fewer , to increase unity among the europeans . 
  i 'm sure you would want more of eu has given you so far . 
  the question is , do the rest of eu/europe want to give it to you ? 
  yeah , of course it 's for land based missiles . 
  `` symbolic powerless union '' ? 
  so , romania have n't benefitt anything from the eu for the ten years you have been members ? 
  you brought the goal up . 
  do * you * care about it ? 
  do you want to leave some european countries behind just to federalize more ? 
  if countries are leaving , it does n't really bring the people of europe together , does it ? 
   my personal opinion is that rather than having a powerless union it 's not powerless as it is . 
   that compromises a lot to please the euroskeptic crowd , and that serves as a scapegoat for the failings of national politicians , we should make a stronger union that has the possibility to solve our problems . 
  if it works for us they will eventually try to join anyway . 
  it depends on how many are left . 
  a union without uk and the nordics is n't exactly fulfilling the goal `` to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe '', 
  as long as it 's not federating more , yes . 
  defense alliance ? 
  not so much . 
  which do you prefer ? 
  higher percentage of manual labour , less inclination to excercise . 
  the world works differently all the time . 
  yet , here we are . 
  not being invaded or attacked for a very long time . 
  that 's not what the military analysists in sweden believe . 
  russia using gotland as an aircraft carrier is way more likely . 
  not for the last 200 years . 
  yes , and that 's a totally unplausible scenario . 
  there are many more likely scenarios , that we can ( or could in the 80s at least ) defend against . 
  do you prefer we left the eu ? 
   determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe and that implies that you are alinating europeans that are n't federalists ? 
  we go together , or not at all . 
  it 's more important to bring in uk , norway , switzerland in eu than having a tight federation of half of the european nations . 
   their known capacity would be painfully insufficient in any conceivable scenario . 
  no , it would n't . 
  there 's very few conbceivable scnearios were the total might one country is thrown against the total might of another . 
  for instance , russia wont throw all their army at gotland . 
  if they would , they 'd succeed the invasion , but they never will do it that way . 
  because then we would have to fight other peoples war too . 
  and we prefer not to . 
  if you go around town and starting trouble , you are . 
  the list is n't about how moral each country is , but how peaceful . 
  the index is not bogus . 
  bread , butter , pat\u00e9 ( * ) , cold potatoes and mayo . 
  food for a king !, 
  conscription is n't forced labour either . 
  it 's closer to education than to work . 
  adults have obligations too , you know . 
  maybe even more than children . 
  in this case an obligation to society to learnhow to defend your country . 
  just like school . 
  we do n't have the budget for that , this is a small step . 
  do we really want career soliders that are only in it for the monies ? 
  i prefer a conscripted army to a bunch of mercenaries, 
  we do n't send people away to foreign countries against their will . 
  not even the pros . 
  we have a defence force , basically . 
  well , the re-introduced conscription is partly an answer to that the risk is higher than zero . 
  not much conscription going on in the weekends , you can often go home . 
  the majority of swedes are ok with coinscription . 
  event the ones being the conscripted . 
  exactly , it 's here on reddit the real intelligentsia resides . 
  kids these days ... 
  how old are you ? 
  it 's not funny anymore . 
  why must it have any `` against '' graphic at all ? 
  remove the damn thing , and put some positive stuff there instead . 
  i 've already seen that reasoning on reddit . . 
  look , we 're all forced to labour for the government , it 's called tax . 
  and it 's required so that people can go to uni for free , and spew nonsens on reddit in their spare time . 
  you can discuss conscription without using hyperbole , i suggest you try that . 
  was it ? 
  i ca n't remember , you 're probably right . 
  that was long time ago , but conscription was abolished 15 years ago but will be reinstated next year or the year after . 
  yeah , that did n't work out for sweden . 
  typical finnish gay-ness . 
  it 's quicker , and it gets a decent texture . 
  guilty of using the oven . 
  nah , they are fried in a pan to the appropriate color . 
  the sauce is added at the tabe . 
  the sauce is made by pouring cream into the recently used frying pan , and let it boil for a while . 
  [ lingonsylt ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lingonberry_jam ) f\u00f6r b\u00f6velen !, 
  [ do you even coffe ] ( http://susannarosen.se/wp-content/gallery/lappland/kokkaffe.jpg ), 
  thats the critique , `` why not build a motorway ? '' . 
  we have many roads with very wide shoulders , converting to 2 +1 on those roads is very cheap compared to building 2 +2 or a motorway . 
  you 're missing the point , the comparison is between swedish and foreign nationals , so gaining citizenship moves you from one group to the other . 
  20 + years , which is ample time to become a swedish citizen and/or get swedish children . 
  like zlatan , for instance . 
  ah , did n't notice that at first . 
   there is some misleading statistics going on here . 
  most of swedens immigration is a relatively new phenomenon , wut ? 
  since decades . 
  yugo war , iraq war , somalia war , etc , etc , etc, 
  do you know where this is ? 
  a bit south of trondheim / \u00d6stersund maybe ? 
  huh , i did n't know 2 +1 was appreciated , it seems to not be looked upon kindly in sweden . 
  personally , i like it . 
  i did n't use any definition at all , actually .
