  judging a material after how large volume you need is pointless , it depends on the constraint . 
  there 's also a cost analysis included . 
  good to see our brothers across the sea are pushing wood as building material . 
  do you have more info about the building ? 
  only the southern , more swarthy europeans . 
   not all swedes are lumberjacks/jills or carpenters . 
  apparently not . 
  maybe you should learn some basics though , if you want to debate pros and cons ? 
  ikea has a lot of finnish and danish designers . 
  love it !, 
  no , unfortunantely no decent winters here either . 
  oh well , i can sell my farm to germans and move up north i guess . 
  sure , but that was more than 200 years ago . 
  since then , we have tried to stay out of war . 
  hey , you did n't have to fight us for your freedom , did you ? 
  yes , women here are very happy with focusing on family and children . 
  nope . 
  so , birth rate in sweden are one of the higher in eu , maybe because both men and women stay home to take care of the kids . 
  womens liberation seems to improve the birth rate ? 
  when we were in schwerin , we could n't pay the hotell with a card . 
  or one of the two resturants we went to . 
  did n't try any other place , like museums and d\u00f6ner-shops . 
  peer pressure of attending church ? 
  no way , and we have a lot of religious holidays . 
  themselves . 
  https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_capital_of_scandinavia ( only in swedish ), 
  i 'm also born and raised in sweden , so i also know how it is . 
  `` in 2012 did\u017ebalis tested positive in doping test and lost his three medals in 2012 european championships and spot in 2012 olympic games . 
  [ 4 ] '' ( wikipedia ), 
  well , the sandy beaches of the netherlands really surprised me . 
  better than anything i 've seen in spain at least . 
  it was even warm enough to swim in the ocean !!, 
  suggestion for activities around schwerin are now accepted . 
   some parts of mecklenburg-vorpommern feel czech . 
  it 's very beautiful : the pine forests , the emptiness , the icy lakes , the wide fields ( also , the palace ) . 
  visited schwerin , can confirm . 
  it 's almost as we are accustomed to different climates !, 
  too hot !, 
  the capital of scandinavia ? 
  yeah , right ... 
  was n't sure about the american name , that 's why i put the latin name in there . 
  it 's all seafood to me . 
  but first , they must into eurovision . 
  first monday every third month at 1500 hours . 
  the local ~ ~ lobster ~ ~ crayfish ( astacus astacus ) is on the verge of extinction , mostly due to ilegal putting ( ? ), 
  of another north american ~ ~ lobster ~ ~ crayfish ( pacifastacus leniusculus ) in our water . 
  the latter is listed as invasive by eu . 
  so , that 's the background , and the reason sweden does not want to risk another invasive lobster/crayfish species . 
  it 's just as meritless as being born to rich people , which undoubtedly gives you a great advantage in life . 
  most parents wish the best for their kids . 
  abolished in sweden on december 17 , 2004 together with gift tax , and wealth tax was abolished january 1st , 2007 . 
  * [ edited in dates ] * it could be ( and was ) circumvented by most of the middle class , not just `` the rich '' . 
  in total , it was inefficient and did n't bring in particularly mch money . 
  since the abolishment , rich people have moved back to sweden . 
  i bet there is a sigh of relief in those countries now , when they are n't the scapegoat anymore . 
  interesting that the difference in western europe is so small . 
  it appears to be pretty much the same as others developed countries around the world too . 
  scotland = oil , north sweden = mining/metallurgy ( lkab/boliden/ssab ) that 's my guess . 
  work ? 
  nobody here learns a third language for work reasons . 
  have never heard of it , thank you !, 
  so , blm is n't bureau of land management anymore ? 
  how many read the linked text before commenting ? 
  yeah , police is also fighting enemies of the state . 
  sort of like a police then ? 
  oh , you did n't mean what you wrote ? 
  i see . 
  really ? 
  what points are you uncomfortable with ? 
  a sensible religious discussion about muslims ? 
  on / r/europe ??? 
  who would 've thought ... 
  you might think so , it are you sure that was the interpretation of the respondents ? 
  for people who go through life referencing pc games or tv shows every other sentence , grow up . 
  todays level of equality was reached by pushing yesterdays boundaries . 
  tomorrows even higher level of equality will be reached by pushing today 's . 
  or do you think this is the final perfect equality we have today ? 
  i doubt that . 
  you and me and all arounds us are heavily influencd by the society we live in . 
   but would n't that be much better achievable by letting society mature and provide good education ? 
  depends . 
  there is often societal feedback that tends to preserve the status quo . 
  so , do we want to counteract previous years of sexism , or push that every woman and man get a clean slate ? 
  the proportion of men taking parental leave in sweden has changed a lot in the last 30 years . 
  i do n't believe it is due to biological evolution that this change has occurred , and not only to a matured and educated society . 
  after all , would n't the same have happened in other countries ? 
  so , is there a certain type of norwegian prisoners that chose to go to the netherlands ? 
  [ \u00c5stol ] ( http://www.astolrunt.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/ta_sig_till_astol1.png ) is nice , and [ sm\u00f6gen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83kr3eix760 ) for the action . 
  widely known in sweden for two reasons : 1 ) it 's the best seafood of the west coast . 
  2 ) it contains all three characters not in the english alphabet . 
  where have you been last couple of years ? 
  40 in some towns/cities and 60 and 80 are also common . 
  i found the respect for speed limits pretty good last week , when visiting.not many cars were doing more than 140 even when limits were lifted . 
  childhood obesity has been dropping in sweden for a while . 
  note that she is 39 . 
  could be your mama , guys . 
  can confirm . 
  went to holland , saw a lot of aqueducts being built . 
  we had 103 people killed last year , up from 87 . 
  germany is safer than sweden ( if you go by killed/capita ) .
