   denmark recently scored as the least corrupt country in the world . 
  yes , i guess it will feel like home !, 
  colombia . 
  because they have shakira law . 
  it 's the main differentiator to europe , the death penalty . 
  it really rolls of the tounge , does n't it ? 
  volvo v70 and it 's predecessors . 
  suvs are also quite popular , the xc90 of course, 
  a name change would help you get a job interview . 
  it wo n't help with casual racism like on the street or in the store . 
  that 's on looks only . 
  you will probably talk and behave a bit different than your colleagues , which might be a bit akward at times and be a bit harder to fit in . 
  a name change would n't help that either . 
  as long as your name is easy to spell and pronounce for a norwegian , there 's no real reason to change . 
  it honestay wo n't make a difference . 
  unless you want a job interview , then i would go for jon \u00d6ystein h\u00e5vardssen . 
  never go full habsburg . 
  grant is given to anyone who studies ( and passes a certain amount of courses each semester ) . 
  loan is up to you fi you want to take it or not . 
  it 's for living expenses ( housing , beer and food ) . 
  not much , and nothing that could n't be fixed . 
  use coluor code on the ballots and the boxes and use a plain envelope that has [ cutouts so you see the colour of the ballot . 
  the city was built from scratch in 1621 . 
  have of course beens settlements in the area before that . 
  the previous town was called nya l\u00f6d\u00f6se ( new l\u00f6d\u00f6se ) and got its privilege 1473 . 
  it was called new , because the original l\u00f6d\u00f6se was situfted a bit farther up the river . 
  it is known in writing from 12th century , possibly archeological remains from 11th century . 
  dozens of envelopes in dozens of boxes ? 
  endangered ?? 
  here on the other side of \u00d6resund they have exploded and are now at 300k + . 
  farmers not amused ... 
  what and where do you hunt ? 
  boars ? 
  i think ` women ' is what they call them nowadays ? 
  i prefer we stay on dst year round . 
  it gets dark too early . 
  hunting is a very large and important hobby here , not just a job . 
  it should n't make it harder for those who hunt now and then either . 
  i do n't approve of guns for self-defence - you do n't get a license for that - but i approve for hunting . 
  if this makes it harder to acquire hunting guns , i disapprove . 
  how do they pronounce the - g ? 
  don johnson !, 
  these and the other - except \u00c5kerman - are normally pronounced in english in sweden . 
  pay wall . 
  :( could you copy the german source ? 
  i have a german last name , buy pronounce it with swedish rules . 
  only one vowel that differs , but using the german pronunciation in sweden would lead to even more misspellings . 
  when in germany , i do pronounce it in german ( as far as i know how to ) . 
  is there a big difference between scotland and england in this regard ? 
  i had no idea . 
  more than the other mediterranean countries ( of europe ) ? 
  master race ? 
  master race !, 
  catholics , you say ? 
  greece and spain bros ? 
  pls , remove kebab . 
  well runes and ruin it is then . 
  hmm , have n't come across that many negative stuff about kristina . 
  i do n't move in your circle , though . 
  what about karl xii or gustav ii adolf ? 
  olof palme and raoul wallenberg have some streets named after them in a few countries . 
  norway . 
  gib monies pls . 
  and maybe rape and plunder some western isles ? 
  sweden + finland is bigger than the nordic nato countries ... 
   i forgot the best one : knulla , the standard word for fuck , is an old word for the dove 's coo . 
  somebody has been searching saob . 
  i did now . 
  you know what is odd ? 
  german ads dubbed in swedish . 
  that 's * weird *, 
  norways is too rich , finland is perfect except the language , and denmark is too close . 
  sand is rural , no ? 
  ] ( http://espana-holiday.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/costa-del-sol-golf-1240-400.jpg ), 
  you are just as different from canada , as they are from you . 
  both of you are then equally exceptional , uniqueue ( however that is spelled ) and abnormal . 
  all lies , [ this is spain !, 
  ] ( http://www.medlandspain.co.uk/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/costa-blanca.jpg ), 
  they can be a bit hard to understand , but apart from that i love scotland . 
  the sea is ours ... 
  ok . we do n't do races here . 
  i have never heard anyone in the last 20 + years refer to `` bland\u00e4ktenskap '' ( mixed marriage ) . 
  when i was a kid in the 70s , i think i heard the term `` mulatt '' ( mulatto ) a few times . 
  eugenics and racial biology is a thing of the past . 
  i wish the us would come to terms with this . 
  what 's interracial in this context ? 
  an estonian married to a chilean ? 
  an icelander dating a german ? 
  our are we just using the old `` niggers and whites '' here ? 
  how close is it to swedish gymnasium ? 
  i have no idea , i thought videreg\u00e5ende skola was our gymnasium ? 
  you simplify too much . 
  your question becomes too hypothetical . 
  sweden is one of the most capitalist ountries in europe , for instance . 
  nah , our see keep the danes away . 
  when you 're in helsingborg and can see helsing\u00f6r , it feels a bit uncomfortable . 
  norwegians and finns are chill , though . 
  curious , what machinery ? 
  italian monarchist ? 
  there must be ... dozens ?
