  on the other hand , my experience with france is limited to driving mulhouse - perpignan as fast as possible . 
   oh , and a winter week in tautavel ( ? ), 
  and justice seeking . 
  oh , it 's you ... 
  i call this `` amsplaining '' , when two americans are trying to tell us what sweden is like . 
  you sound like a guy with an agenda . 
  no , but it allows me to skip the paper bureaucracy at least . 
  like [ mobilt bankid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_identification#sweden ) ? 
  not very often , i 'm married you see . 
  rip in piece , op . 
   owning a `` pavillon '' in the suburbs of paris i have never seen a french movie where the lead lived in one of those . 
  it 's either an apartment in central paris with  4m ceiling , a high-rise in the subburbs , a chateau somewhere on the countryside or an old village . 
  i think we 're pretty good in sweden , i tihnk i can do almost everything online . 
  just sold my car and transferred it to a new owner online , for instance . 
  [ not uncommon in sweden ] ( http://www.svenskenergi.se/global/bilder/vi%20erbjuder/kurs%20och%20konferens/ebr%20diplomerad%20distributionselektriker/luftledning-hangkabel.jpg ), 
   ninjae : the subs are both in finnish and swedish . 
  hmm , that 's a lot of text . 
  do you subconsiously read both languages and compare with the spoken words ? 
  ( assuming you know all three langs ), 
  sure we do , but we boil it first . 
  i had no idea you lot did that !, 
  sounds awful !, 
  no , they are not allowed to work until they are processed ( 1 + year currently ) . 
  meh , readheads gets a pass . 
   1 ) white nationalists ? 
  since when are white people nation ? 
  and who is included ? 
  obviously not italians/spaniards/greeks and turks !, 
  or slavs . 
  you 're not wrong ... 
  not at all , because the lizard people are actually hiding the truth from the masses . 
  / s obviously . 
   although admittedly i 'm a bit bitter as an american who really loves europe and social democracy and who believes he can integrate but who ca n't readily get a visa because of these con artists . 
  yes , bloody refugees fleeing their homes to avoid a war zone , hindering the poor americans ... 
  they 're just racists without a clue . 
  they do n't care about europe at all . 
  cloudy and 15c . 
  it 's ok . 
  they have their reasons ... 
  my own . 
  guess why it 's called [ red bull ** flugtag ** ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_bull_flugtag ) ? 
  the iranians in sweden tend to be middle/upper class background . 
  of course , there 's the occasional taxi driver but often medical doctors or engineers . 
  we have a couple of engineers where i work , and i remember there was also a couple at my tech university ( in the 90s ) . 
  i think they are one of the most sucessful - non northern europe - immigration group here , but still they have a foreign name and a foreign look . 
  jutta something on m/s estonia ? 
   to be able to put france back in the same league as germany . 
  loooking forward to it , eu needs france and germany together . 
  and also uk , but ... 
  to beat the dutch , of course . 
  in my youth the common name was lasarett . 
  are you calling med archaic ?? 
  of course it was vikings . 
  if you ca n't beat them , join them . 
  shooting range ( 12-13 years old ) ane con scripting ( 18-19 years old ) . 
  also clay shooting at a company event ( 27 years old ) . 
  did n't hit a single clay . 
  they had three , and i have two and i do n't expect any more . 
  til that absolutism in english does not refer to teetotalism . 
  sweden has a lot of detached houses . 
  it has never been a big thing to let someone else take care of the lawn . 
  and since a few years , everyone has gotten a robotic mower . 
  the wage spread is much bigger in the us , and there 's not the same kind of basic welfare . 
  so you can always find some poor sod who has to mow lawns for cheap to get by . 
  forestry/arborists are the main use here too . 
  mostly because tax reasons make it chepaer to use a truck in your company than privately and because it looks cool . 
  and also to haul tool and tree branches . 
  a xc90 or v70 can tow a pretty large camper van or a boat trailer . 
  a large 3 tonne pickup needs a s special drive ers license to towork the same , the total weight of the car and trailer is limited . 
  such a license is on the other hand not hard or expensive to get . 
  most horse owners take it . 
  please , no shitty family analogy . 
  i fit a matress 200 x 90 cm and a lot of ( flat ) furniture in my subaru outback . 
  lumber  3 m i rent a trailer . 
   real estate services can you describe that in 3 simple sentences ? 
   it depends heavily how much i want to engage myself . 
  but the more the better , especially when i want to reach my goal , to retire when i 'm 40 . 
  / r/europefire , 
  good way to weed out the danish , true . 
  what chain of comment on reddit * is n't ? 
  geologist can tell us how much oil there is , but who can tell us the price for extraction and what the demand will be ? 
  are you sure you have no oil ... ? 
   the last weeks it was unbelievably much , like 80 hours , if i count in all work related `` parties '' nearly 100 . 
  oh god , what business ? 
  25 h , if non-billable time is included, 
  is it mostly tourists , or also local women ? 
  so the main obstacle would actually be their `` bavarianess '' , not their agenda ? 
  ah , i thought csu was slightly more to the right . 
  is n't csu a bit too far to the right for a chancellor ? 
  for a couple of decades left-wing terrorism was big in europe . 
  `` spam-master '' ... 
   balladen om briggen blue bird av hull . 
  ou of curiosity , what level do you start respect their knowledge ? 
  to prepared for the invasion , of course !, 
  well , you were probably not the first american speaking a few words swedish he heard . 
   your swedish is only useful if it 's better than the other persons english . 
  which can happen , depending on who you talk to . 
   i 've been to amsterdam , but for a short time next time , do n't do drugs . 
  we have shakira law . 
   eating raw herring please .
