  written in to the lawbook . 
  all of it . 
  i 'm impressed by your lack of knowledge and your determination to not learn from others . 
  small houses most often come in modules . 
  see here for an example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jmwyu1okga i doubt you have the knowledge to judge if the handling of the material is correct on the work sites . 
  how about `` those darn city farming , tiny house-dwelling , bearded youngsters '' ? 
  it 's tough to find swedish apples year round . 
  that 's why we ca n't be self-sufficient if you want fresh apple every week of the year . 
  imported spanish are cheaper than local . 
  not enough people wnat to pay extra . 
  i 'm talking about farming , not buying groceries . 
  becasue reindeer is 2-3 times as expensive . 
  sure , but that time wo n't come back so , compare today 's forest with today 's agriculture . 
  it was more or less in jest , not many romanians here . 
  i think maybe in the souther parts in agriculture . 
  and of course those `` working '' in the streets . 
  joining eu means romanians got job oppourtunities abroad , but also the other way around for corporations . 
  maybe i should buy some land in romania ... ? 
  let 's just call it an hommage to nordic deisgn . 
   mass produced/affordabel nordic style furniture . 
  works for me . 
  i would n't buy a real jacbsen for instance . 
  which is very rare . 
  reindeer graze all over , forests in the winter . 
  i was refering to crop lands . 
  bilogically rich grazed meadows are rare . 
  sure , if only people realized that and bought swedish farm products . 
  no , imported meat is considered better - do you remember how popular beef from brazil was ? 
  - and why eat potatoes and apples when you can have sweet potates and avocados ? 
  / s instead city farming has become popular . 
  i guess it 's becaus ethe hipsters do n't want to leave their cosy caf\u00e9s and actually travel an hour or so to where there is still farm land not built over by shopping malls . 
  and caf\u00e9s . 
  being self-sufficient in energy and building material is pretty good too , remember ww2 ? 
  well , you take our jobs and we take your forest . 
  deal ? 
  well thank you , dear former subject . 
  well , first you let the farmers ravage the woods , slash and burn to substitute witha single crop , then you complain when the land is reclaimed to forest ? 
  agriculture land has less biodeiversity than a forest , that 's for sure . 
  already in 1904 we got a law that stated that if you cut down trees , you have to re-plant . 
  you asked for examples of new large wooden houses , not pros and cons . 
  there 's a few houses in the article , as you asked for . 
  most of wooden houses are n't build in the open , but in factories and transported in modules . 
  covered , because the insulation and gypsum board in the modules does not handle moisture well . 
  if you do build in the open from scratch , you cover the material until you use it . 
  a timber frame can handle a week of rain , it dries up quickly . 
  it 's worse if it 's in a package actually . 
  the problem with that method is everything else in the interior do n't take moisture well , so after you have roofed the house , you need to dry it . 
  that and the long building tile means it 's cheaper with modules . 
  takes a day or two to put the modules in place for a one family home . 
  either way , the wood is not treated . 
  there 's a couple of links in this post . 
  some more info here . 
  google is your friend http://miljonytta.se/byggnader/okande-marknad-for-hoga-trahus/, 
  this is wrong . 
  only wood used outsid\u00e9 in the rain or in the ground is treated . 
  the stuff you build house of is never treated for preservation ( except paint on the outside panel ) . 
  it is transported with cover to prevent moisture from rain . 
  if any mold appears due to improper storing , it wo n't affect the structural integrity . 
  rot requires constant supply of water , and sawn wood are dried in kilns to lower the humidity level well below where rot can attack the wood . 
  decks , fence post and telephone poles are normally treated . 
  read agin , it does n't constantly smell fresh , but if you drill through it or saw through it , it probably would . 
  there 's no care products on the structural wood , only on the parts that you can see ( i.e. 
  paint ) . 
  you seem to have little knowledge of wood as a material . 
  have you worked as a carpenter/woodworker ? 
  have you ever used a saw or an axe on timber ? 
  or even an electric drill ? 
  also , wood even out the moisture contents and less condensation on the surface . 
   90 % of single family houses in sweden are built of wood . 
  it was illegal to build higher than two storeys until recently . 
  more and more large wooden buildings are being built . 
  do you have any special regulations for size of wooden houses ? 
  in sweden , it used to be forbidden to build more than to storeys out of wood . 
  it has now been removed . 
  finally , a comrade in arms !, 
  plywood on timber frame is surely better than gypsum on timber frame . 
  and costs a bit more . 
  nobody treats the wood in our modern one or two family houses . 
  it 's straight from the sawmill ( dried of course ) and into the walls . 
  in sweden the first massproduced wooden houses started in the 1930s , were material were cut and prepared at a factory instead of cut and sourced at the nearest sawmill . 
  still fresh smell of wood if i dril or saw through any of the 70 year old wood . 
  paint is for the outside , protecting from the uv-light that breaks down the wood . 
  i 'm sitting in a 200 year old wooden building as we speak . 
  the material not being in contact with the ground or outside weather is as good as new . 
  if i were to saw through it , it would probably still smell of fresh resin . 
  look at all the brick buildings that burnt during ww2 . 
  really interesting article , thanks !, 
  inox does n't oxidise . 
  except when it does . 
  it 's not common to build with inox , though . 
  it would be even more expensive than regular steel . 
  instead steel structures exposed to weather are painted regularly , and the parts not exposed are no problem . 
  just like wood . 
  neither steel , wood , concrete or bricks are magical materials , they all need proper maintenance and design to last . 
  steel decays naturally into iron oxide . 
  you will have to at the very least paint it to slow it down . 
  in most cases you also have to cover it with zinc to extend the lifetime of the steel . 
  large buildings with wide rooms ? 
  a football field ? 
  http://www.martinsons.se/allm%c3%a4n/bilder/fotbollshall_norrvalla_skelleftea.jpg you can build houses out of almost any material , including steel and wood .
