  scotland ? 
  huh , til . 
  taught in school , or just a fun fact ? 
  that would work , i think . 
  but you 're right , i was too quick . 
  so i 've been to more of norway than you . 
  i would n't raise an eyebrow if i find out a married couple were cousins . 
  i was joking , do n't worry . 
   i agree with you , mostly . 
  i 've lived in four different areas , when i was a kid we travelled a lot by wohnwagen around sweden . 
  i also have relatives spread out , and atop on that i also do orienteering , which takes me to all sorts of god forsaken places . 
  pretty much all of it . 
  abba , roxette , ace of base , europe , ... 
  if we 're talking 80s . 
   ce we were n't always a fully sovereign nation , a blatant lie , you danish spy !, 
  kalmar unionen was a few sovereign states cooperating !, 
  seriously though , i think most people claim the vikings that went east/south as swedes , no ? 
  i do n't think you are allowed to do that in the same fika . 
  kanelbulle at 9am and semla att 3pm would work though . 
  the most common example is barn ( child ) . 
  you ca n't say `` a scared child '' , you must use `` the child is scared '' . 
  we also do mommoms mom , mommoms dad and so on . 
  and of course fathersister ( who might be related to father only by marrying fatherbrother . 
  and so on . 
  not logged , but maybe affected by grazing reindeer . 
  i guess it 's mostly spaniards , but all of them mediterraneans are alike , right ? 
  double posting . 
   for an american , that 's nuts to me . 
  vaping is huge over here . 
  it 's taken a good chunk of the weed sales at high schools . 
  so , how does it look ? 
  people hanging around with an e-cig ? 
  does n't it look dorky ? 
  could n't you use the dedicated corridor roads without planning ? 
  the ferry to germany is faster than the ones to finland already . 
  i 've been working in ee for 22 years now . 
  part time forestry the last five years or so ( on my tree farm ) . 
  bosnians are bunched together with the other balkan people , i guess albanians too but i do n't think they are too many here . 
  msc in cs & e. also forestry . 
  [ ostkaka med hjortronsylt och vispad gr\u00e4dde ] ( https://ankanplankan.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/ostkaka.jpg ), 
  traitor . 
  we did somewhat though . 
  we were n't even neutral in that particular conflict , but officially supporting finland ( but not with a regular army ) . 
  you have to have swedish citizenship . 
  dual is ok . 
  i prefer conscripts over pros . 
  less chance of `` over zealous '' military action , and the military built on conscripts have a stronger connection to the civilian society . 
  i 'm happy we did n't get involved in the wars , and i think it was the right choice . 
  200 years of peace now . 
  since the cold war we 've always planned our defence for attacks from the east ( them finns , huh ? 
  ) , so neutral is perhaps a strong word . 
  i support not getting involved in nato , and not being in any defence alliance . 
   we love it when an inspiring person gets on stage and talks about how great our country is and inspires our prevailing attitude . 
  that , my friend , is how ww2 started . 
  eh , i have to listen to uni and research politics when my friends get drunk . 
   party  proliferation what kind of parties do you attend ? 
  that 's interesting that they paired you with similar aged people . 
  how was it working with much younger men ? 
  ar lot changes between 18 and 26 , mentally . 
  i prefer a defence of conscripts compared to one of mercenaries . 
  it minimizes the gung-ho actions of the army . 
  that 's what i think of when hearing `` j\u00e4nkare '' too , but i sometimes use it in a joking manner of the actual people . 
  a decent politician will of course solve this by making alliances and promises , tricking the young ones to give them the throne . 
  tap water . 
  18 for drinking , 20 for buying . 
  works for me . 
  divine inspiration by the emperor , of course . 
  i know you can be dual citizens since 15 years or so , so i presume triple would be ok too . 
  or , you know , just hand it over and i will take care of it ? 
  oh come on , if it says ** man ** inthewoods , you can assume my gender . 
  and then trink it . 
  it 's livable if you inherit the farm . 
   luckily , my real job finance my tree farm . 
  when kids move out , i might quit my real job and take an early retirement and work in the forest for the rest of my life . 
  i grow trees . 
  started 10 + years ago without any background or heritage . 
  took a part-time education at university in `` family tree farming '' , it was really good . 
  my tractor is 50 years old , a mf-135 . 
  using a wire crane that is about that age . 
  have a couple of chainsaw , one new ( hva 550xpg ) and two old ( ~ 10 years , hva357xpg and a jonsered 450 ? ), 
  personal protective equipment is of course brand new . 
  brush cutter a brand new too , stihl fs-480w . 
  i do not work in any related field , or else i would n't be able to afford being a tree farmer . 
  edit : i have 5 ha of agricultural land , which is pretty much without value . 
  too small and too fractured . 
  i have a farmer who cuts the grass once a year , for free ( he also get the subsidies from eu ) . 
  it would be more profit in planting with trees , but i do n't have the heart . 
   trink it german confirmed, 
  are you saying that the balkan gangs that are the main source of violence , share very fundamentalistic values ? 
  let 's not act like your are n't against immigration , it 's the main theme of your post of how the recent batch of refugees is going to destroy sweden . 
  `` and if refugees suddenly start hating on eu , the fucking hand that feeds them , we should deport every single one off them . 
  being ungrateful while billions are spend on you ... we dont owe them shit , countries that took most of this refugees dont owe them shit . '', 
  sounds anti-immigration to me . 
  anyway , other countries has also been progressive now and then , as you point out . 
  and so has sweden , and more recently than that too . 
   middle easterns are not bosnians my friend ... are you saying they wo n't form gangs and kill each other like the balkans ? 
  our welfare state started in the 30s , women right to vote in 1919 . 
  that 's almost a century ago to me . 
  since then , more stuff like shared 6 month paternal/maternal leave in 1974 . 
  abolish corporal punishment for kids in 1979 .
