  yeah , `` you people '' . 
  easy way out for you there . 
  so halfing the problems is enough for you ? 
  that 's the line where you do n't care anymore ? 
   schoolboys aged between five and eight-years  arrested wtf ? 
  very clever , but nobody is contesting that its worse eating meat than vegetables . 
  both are however directly linked to agricultural problems , and pretending those problems will go away if we stop eating meat is dishonest . 
  did you understand what i just wrote , or do i have to explain it again ? 
  no its not . 
  growing crops lead to problems , regardless if it 's use for humans or animals . 
  if the population is one million , killing 2000 whales until the fleet is written of is not going to impact the population in any meaningful way . 
  poor frogs and snails though . 
  not so much anymore . 
  i did when i was younger . 
  cold cuts . 
  https://www.mathem.se/varor/hastkott ( h\u00e4st = horse ) my reply above was / s , 
   basicaly , you are the asian here . 
  or the french , who eats horses !!, 
  omg !, 
  there is an even directer link between the agriculture problem and vegetable/cereal consumption . 
  so why are you here ? 
  why not ? 
  setting the agenda pushers straight is surely beneficial for those who are n't biased ? 
  well , i do n't share your morals about eating whale , but there are redditor who claim the whales are risking extinction . 
  it 's currenlty not above the renewable limit either . 
  i do n't care if norway or botswana eat whale meat , or if they eat dogs in china or horse in france . 
  kids can sometimes overcome quite a lot . 
  killing 0.2 % of a population each year does not lead to extinction . 
   is that a solid reason to drive species to extinction ? 
  are you seriously arguing with me that it 's good to hunt and kill whales ? 
  there 's no risk of extinction for the whales they are cathching . 
  the most intelligent animal we eat for food is probably the pig . 
  we could of course breed whales and keep them in nets , like we do with fish and land animals . 
  it 's not really practical though . 
  ( edit : spelling ! ), 
  and the map does n't reflect that ? 
  yeah , you 're of course right . 
  but still . 
  what do you mean ? 
  denmark is still pro eu ? 
  i guess your farming benfitted a lot from the eu ? 
  we 're slightly less eurosceptic now , but not by much . 
  if i recall . 
  the swedish left still wants to leave . 
  hey , this was an interesting map . 
  i thought the difference would be bigger norway/sweden . 
  is the number the relation yes/no , withough considering `` do n't care '' ? 
  yeah , i 'm also wondering about the discrepancy with the other nordics . 
  '' * the analysis covers both domestic and outbound trips * '', 
   well , swedes seem to prefer to stay at home . 
  from my experience they all seem to go to \u00d6land ( or their respective summer houses ) in the summer !, 
  * `` the analysis covers both domestic and outbound trips '' *, 
  itt : people who did n't read the link , and think it 's only international travel . 
  `` the number of tourists is the number of residents that travelled for personal purposes for at least 4 consecutive nights in a given year . 
  ** the analysis covers both domestic and outbound trips . 
  `` orange twitterbot '' ? 
  catchy !, 
  it 's annoying that you link to a video saying nothing of what it contains , what it should describe and how it is related to the discussion . 
  if you understand the subject , take the time to write a couple of sentences instead . 
  and so it began ... 
  the estonian conquest of the nordic realm . 
  he said , only offering a youtube link . 
  yeah , unfortunately i do n't think we meet the requirements yet . 
  maybe next year ? 
  the k foundation . 
   do you mean modern in the sense of young ? 
  seems to me like most other countries just call germany by the name of the german tribe they had contact with . 
  no , because they have dominated central europe for 1000 years or so . 
  a german . 
  suprised ? 
  i do n't know , where is the source for what age the consider ? 
  so , you equate gymnasium with high-school for sweden ? 
  what about the other countries ? 
  are they using a fixed age for all countries , or not ? 
  picea abies ( no , we do n't call it norwegian spruce ! ), 
  in what of the pictured countries are 1/3 of high-schoool students above 18 ? 
  i would be interesting to see a similar map of the nordics . 
   score low you mean score * high * , we have a relatively high score in that category too . 
  so i do n't believe / u/jesuissuedois explanation either . 
  source for that ? 
  and sweden . 
  your \u00f6 looks fishy ... 
  well , i 'm happy we manged to get so many european countries into eu , and sad that one is leaving . 
  for me , it 's more important to cover as much of europe as possible , and remove borders within that union . 
  i do n't mind if some countries within eu form a defence pact , but there 's no way you can sell that to all of europe . 
  and , as you know , decisions like that have to be unanimous . 
  that writing is so vague it does n't mean anything . 
  how about we keep it as it is ? 
  i you want to change eu intlo something new , you 'd have to convince the current members first . 
  you have nato for defence , is n't that good enough for you ? 
  there 's nothing keeping you from leaving the eu and forming a federal state with those who want . 
  what 's the point for you in staying in a union that is powerless and treats you bad ( presumably ) . 
  we didnt vote for your kind of federation , and we do n't want to join it . 
  maybe we should keep eu as is , and you guys can try a new setup ? 
  you can be as egalitarian as you 'd like , maybe you find it harder when you 're not on the receiving end ? 
  instead of trying to change our eu according to your own ideas , respect the current members wishes . 
  if you run away in your direction , it might be a bit lonely . 
  if all you want is eu to give you money and protect you , sure . 
  well , if you just stopped calling eu of today powerless , while you claim it has been for great benefit of romania so far , we could have a discussion . 
  the problem with your idea , is that there are a lot of countries that do n't to federalize more .
