  gives you same or next day treatment for any illness that is not an emergency , at the best specialists . 
  so , your knee hurts after running ? 
  x-ray and orthopedic surgery/sports medicine specialists is ready to see you . 
  co-pay eur50 for each accident . 
  includes a number of pt appointments . 
  if not , it can take weeks/months to see a specialist for a `` minor '' pain . 
  as long as you can do your work , you 're not high priority . 
  i 've definitely been more pampered going to private practices . 
  always the `` america is so big , we 're special ! '' ... 
  always . 
  nih . 
  if you say `` that young '' , one assumes that the age matters . 
  i find figs abhorrent . 
  right , abolish the politicians , and all problems are solved . 
  might want to try that with the police too ? 
  why is it better to be force when you are older ? 
  it 's a good time , after basic education and before starting a carer/family . 
  it might have been 19-20 years , come to think about it . 
   if the country got into a situation where war is an actual threat , then id move myself out of here asap , soo . . 
  i 'm sure your countrymen who ca n't get out approves . 
  you would be a perfect medic then , get some practice . 
  normally , you got the military out of the way before university ( at 18-19 ) or sometimes after first year . 
  of course it 's different to commit a crime and to pass a law . 
  or do you think every law you do n't like is rape ? 
  you were a doctor at age 19 ? 
  in that case , as a conscript you would be a medic . 
  oh god , i counted three `` quotes '' in the first paragraph only . 
  it 's like you ca n't form your own `` thoughts '' , and have to rely on `` others '' to think for you . 
  great , just like conscription used to work . 
  i think it was up to 6 months if you refused service , and a record . 
  not many did , but that was always an option . 
  so , i 'm not sure if you get reddit in your cell . 
  will you survive ? 
  do you think society should let people rape you at will ? 
  or should it use force ( i.e. 
  law enforcement ) to protect your safety ? 
  nah , i guess that 's slavery . 
  let them rape you . 
  so , who should protect your country from enemies ? 
  somebody else , but not you ? 
  great . 
  now , pay up the adult tax of 1meur before your 19th year or go to jail for tax evasion . 
  it 's ok , it 's just a finite tax . 
  / s or volunteer for a year in the defence and earn 1msek . 
  it 's safer than many types of manual labour . 
  no , just the usual majority that we require to make laws affecting other people . 
  for any democracy to work , the majority must have powers over the minority . 
  can you think of any democracy that does not work like that ? 
  what are your alternative solution ? 
  yes , that 's what democracies are , really . 
  do you have a better idea ? 
  and then maybe we should have a state , ruled by the people ? 
  if you rate your life at infinite value , you should go outside and excersie some more . 
  in fact . 
  the excersie you get during your time in the army lowers the chances of you getting killed with more than 0.00001 % . 
  so , why do n't you join ? 
  in a non-combantant role , you even get the chance to save other poeples life , as a firefighter for instance . 
  that is , if you do care for other peoples life . 
   no conscription army in the world has conscripts working in intelligence or as aircraft mechanics the swedish army had . 
  or the air force at least . 
  the were at least 10 conscripts to every non-conscripty for the maintenance . 
  swedish conscripts were aircraft mechanics . 
  87 % of those who answered were for conscription for men and women . 
  in this the case , the group targeted was also in favour . 
   ideas so good one has to force them on others with a gun just like taxes . 
  and laws in general . 
   sure , you could make a discussion about taxes , but taxes are paid on whatever you voluntarily choose to do . 
  you are n't forced to work as anything in particular to pay them , and if you do n't have revenue , you pay nothing . 
  true , instead of working you can always go on welfare . 
  provided by the society that you do n't care much to defend . 
  so , in sweden we had trained/professional pilots supported by conscripts for maintenance/refueling/landing strip defence etc. 
  most people can be trained to do that in one years time . 
  i have no idea wjhat the relations in manpower was , but for every pilot perhaps 20-50 conscripts for support ? 
  conscripts are good for defending home turf , not so good for attacking in foreign country . 
  please , can we also abolish taxes ? 
  those who wants other to pay taxes , why ca n't they just do it themselves if it 's so great . 
  just do n't force other people to do it . 
  note : the taxes i 've paid so far are huge compared to the loss of income during my time in the military . 
  source of all evil . 
  the fact is that there 's a majority for in all age groups . 
  was the enemy conscripted ? 
  i think early 90s was the first time more than a small minority could skip it . 
  well , what you see is n't representative of the swedish youth . 
  yes , because conscription only happens in sweden . 
  so , you think it 's ok to `` enslave '' kids , but not adults ? 
  the group eligible for conscription was also in favour . 
  assume much ? 
  haha, 
  can confirm , was filemaker pro conscript . 
  there was still a majority in the range 19-25 . 
  this groups was also strongest against the abolishment . 
  the translation is wrong , 63 % was against the abolishment of conscription . 
  what ? 
  conscription has been a swedish trademark until just recently . 
  pacifist or not . 
  it did n't build patriotism at least . 
  hush , whale murderer !, 
  `` ball bearings !, 
  ball bearings !, 
  get your ball bearings here ! '',
