  http://www.vk.se/play?video=fd8ecb8f-97be-49aa-850b-8f12075d75eb swedish snow clearer , says they use local knowledge and when the roads are paved they see the lane makrings behind the tractor and under it . 
  harder when its a dirt road , he said thjey feel when the tractor starts tilting and when you throw grass and bushes . 
  the problem is that they probably do n't have that accuracy on where the road is . 
  that 's not a source . 
   you can visit the church , but only the tower , since the rest of it collapsed long ago , it 's actually very boring ( trust me , i visited ... ) i concur . 
   not long ago . 
  43 years ?? 
  no internet , no mobile phones , no personal computers , no home video recording , no colour tv , no gay marriage , people could hit their kids , a woman 's place was in the home . 
  you could care less , by not replying . 
  i , for one , welcome our new prussian neighbours . 
  of course , we will fight them for pommern . 
  ha , you just ordered 1000 liter of milk !, 
  better curse him to have 45 degrees inside his sauna . 
  turkish , greek . 
  same , same ... 
   yeah i hate those fuckers . 
  after a bite i get a palm sized itchy bump on my skin . 
  try over the counter anti-allergens . 
  before you are bitten ... 
   there are famous tales of people rowing small boats over to denmark to try to get grain . 
  rowing from norway to denmark ? 
  that sounds a bit desperate , indeed . 
  ah , you 're counting the days with sleet too ? 
  spelling reform ftw ? 
  a rebuttal of what ? 
   actually , sweden allowed the nazis to travel freely not freely , no . 
  an international drama , indeed . 
  that our government respect the wish of the voters ? 
  there 's a lot of stuff that is the opposite of egalitarianism , for instance letting people will their money to their kids , or let the parents pay for a better education etc. 
  these have more practical effect on people than a monarchy . 
  voters were n't too fond of those ideas either . 
  ironic ? 
  when 2/3 of the voters support the monarchy , what 's your option ? 
  why is that ironic ? 
  knugen for president !, 
  eh , wait a minute ... 
  why is that funny ? 
  sweden elected our last line of kings ( and soon , queens ) in 1818 , not even 200 years ago . 
  yeah , it 's like automatisation/mechniations is a new thing . 
  completely forgetting that farming require < 5 % of the labour it did 100 years ago . 
  did we taxtractors to offset the loss of labourers in farming ? 
  no , we did not . 
  not really . 
  most things have n't started growin yet , but the stuff that had do n't mind some snow . 
  if your sense of what is right is n't currently implemented anywhere , maybe it 's not such a good idea after all ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  have you heard of a country which has no limitation of what you can say without being punished ? 
  your words should carry the same way regardless if you consider it a joke or not . 
  `` just a prank bro '' is not an excuse . 
  yes , who does n't want a glorious and heroic past , when you do n't have to endure the consequences yourself . 
  we were n't neutral during finnish winter war , but non-beligerent . 
  we supplied volunteers and material to you . 
  not in the first finnish war , we officially took their side . 
  we also sold to the allied . 
  being neutral we could n't count on brittish coal to import , so we had to buy from germany . 
  like we did before and after the war . 
  being neutral does n't mean we stop trading . 
  germany took norway by the sea , not through sweden ,, 
  we were n't neutral when it came to the finnish winter war , we were non-beligerent but help with supplies . 
  there were also a lot of swedes helping with the fight . 
  `` it was a joke '' should n't be a get out of jail card . 
  we took back r\u00fcgen while you slept . 
  thank you !, 
   the idea of debating/discussing a subject by posting links to blogs , youtube , etc , is not something i support . 
  of course not . 
  youtube documentaries are not something i find trustworthy . 
  the idea of debating/discussing a subject by posting links to blogs , youtube , etc , is not something i support . 
  you refer to youtube videos , while lamenting the unscientificness of gender studies ? 
  so until you ban the not so important stuff that incetives harming other people , why mess with the important stuff ? 
  betting on failure of a felllow man is n't in any way better . 
   however ; said gender inequality is not a bad thing , it 's intrinsic human behaviour . 
  i doubt it . 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  ban sports betting first ? 
   the reaction of people who feel put down by the urbanized/educated populace . 
  well , judging by the posts here , they are put down . 
  considering the difference were small , it does n't imply that at all . 
  so , the stats compare absolute number ( economy , books sold ) with a per capita stat ( vote result ) ? 
  what percentage of population lives in the red area ? 
  did anyone want high-end steel ? 
  we 're always ready to sell ... 
  we almost did that with the baltic sea for a while . 
  open on saturday , closed friday , sunday , monday . 
  the horror . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  they are ok . 
  no , i 'll probably get more . 
  conscription ftw !, 
  a well dressed and we 'll educated frenchman . 
  like macron . 
  without providing some scientific evidence that biology decides your vocation , it 's just stereotypes . 
  more testosterone means that men are better at staying at home defending the imporgan assets ( offspring ) . 
  biological arguments are stupid . 
  as a swede : lol, 
  not any homosexuals that i know of . 
  apparently they are everywhere !, 
  nah , i 'm sure you are a dick . 
  sotaren ( the chimeny sweep ) . 
  it feels very un-french to me !,
