  also , there 's alot of practical issues on how to collect the tax when the wood is finally used as fuel . 
  then you also need to tax credit their uptake of carbon from the atmosphere . 
  so , improve forestry where needed and support the use of forest products . 
  good forestry store more c than old forests do leaving them alone . 
  using forestry products for building/furniture is even better . 
  no , its a response to pictures of the offices of presidents , prime ministers , ambassadors etc. 
  what 's your point , really ? 
  might be , yes . 
   also , look like the swedes have some plans on braking denmark into pieces . 
  again and again ... 
  maybe the first three letters of `` collegieblock '' ( a type of noteboook ) ? 
  i have no idea . 
  edit : http://www.ocay.se/sortiment/kontorsmaterial/block-blanketter/kollegieblock/kollegieblock-rutat-halat-a4-70-g-80451, 
  with the pm at the desk . 
  that 's because they are black . 
  i think you underestimate how large the ocean is and how much material and personnel you 'd need . 
  lol , i 'm sorry you feel offended, 
  not nearly enough . 
  the obstacle is n't the european navies , it 's the atlantic and the land based forces in europe . 
  mostly the atlantic . 
  [ this is the only way ] ( http://data.whicdn.com/images/55946992/superthumb.png ), 
  obviously . 
  so ...  how the hell are you supposed to get all the material to support a couple of million troops across the atlantic ? 
  of course not , we eurocuuucks are n't armed . 
  regardless if you 're a member or not , it 's free to be put six feet under . 
  begravningsavgiften finances this ( not optional ) . 
  my point is that nato is n't an european army . 
  i doubt you can use those bases as spearheads for an invasion . 
  how the hell are you supposed to get all the material to support a couple of million troops across the atlantic ?? 
  `` u.s. 
  forces in europe . 
  today , the u.s. has approximately 80,000 military personnel in 28 main operating bases in europe , primarily in germany , italy , the united kingdom , and spain . 
  these forces include four bcts , which form the backbone of u.s. ground capability in europe '' http://www.heritage.org/defense/report/keeping-america-safe-why-us-bases-europe-remain-vital, 
  do n't assume young people will vote like young people when they get old . 
  did you forget how france helped the us in the past ? 
  i do n't expect americans to understand the difference between invited and invaded . 
  still not an european army . 
  if that land gap is a problem , imagine the trouble you 'd have with the atlantic . 
  lol, 
  not a chance . 
  still , norway is.included in the map , the data inclues non-eu countries and the headlines says european . 
  do you think there will be one in the next 40 years ? 
   still , most are . 
  still , some are not , which makes nato not an european army . 
  we 're not , comrade ? 
  like switzerland ? 
  or ukraine ? 
  if we 're helping other countries , we 'll use their land . 
  so , you dont think there will be a euroland either ? 
  it 's to show you that no aircraft carrier is needed , even though we are surrounded by water . 
  well , sweet dreams . 
  not going to happen in the forseeable future . 
  and some are not , and some europeans are not members . 
  and the water is surrounded by air bases . 
  look at sweden , we had a large air force to attack and defend in the baltic sea . 
  not a single aircraft carrier has ever been needed . 
  unless you count gotland as an ( large , but slow ) aircraft carrier . 
  what regions would join such a country ? 
  that 's interesting , in another thread someone claimed us could easily invade europe . 
  spilled in vietnamn , korea and other european countries . 
   apart from all of the ~ ~ eu ~ ~ european nations which are n't in the eu , you mean ? 
  ftfy . 
  nato is not an european army . 
  fight for , not against . 
  it 's old data . 
  it only counts expeditionary capabilities . 
  it 's fucking pointless to dick-measure militaries . 
  the longest working europeans , iceland , are n't even on the map ... 
  what makes you say these cities are prosperous and thriving ? 
  i have n't followed your level of euroscepticism , so yes . 
  the netherlands was a bit surprising . 
  never . 
  no , we do not . 
  i 'm not sure i 've seem one in sweden . 
  it 's not common , that i 'm sure about . 
  are you hating on kebabpizza ??? 
  cause thats the best shit food there is . 
  who the hell writes these headlines ? 
  nordic universal . 
  can also mean reindeer . 
   til i learnt bro ... 
  i like the way you think ... 
   death threats are a different thing and obviously not what i 'm talking about , so , you are ok with some limits on free speech then ? 
  all aboard the ships !, 
  [ here , this will cheer you up . 
  which would you rather meet in a fight to the death ? 
  norway leaves what ? 
  it 's not like it 's a recent development , posts about this was common a year ago on reddit . 
  probably they swarm several times each summer in poland , depends on the weather actually . 
  yeah , i 'd also trust the forestry management that wants to clear the damaged trees over the activists . 
  so , who are the experts in this case . 
  the activists or the forestry people ? 
   logging of infested spruces does not stop a bark beetle outbreak oh yes it does , that 's what we do to stop them spreading . 
  not in the winter , they do that during summer so you remove the infected trees when they do n't swarm . 
  if you just let it be , the population of beetles explodes and they attack and kill the neighbouring trees . 
   it 's a brilliant idea , actually just picked ours up . 
  first box ? 
  well , you knew more than i did ... 
  [ for you , my friend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orieytexghq ), 
  my worst result so far today .
