  she did n't call the attacks an accident , it was the discussions after about muslims she referred to . 
  no , your ethnic groups is n't determined by your genes or what nationlity you 're born into . 
  that is not what ethnic group means , or how it is defined . 
  is she an ethnic swede ? 
  i 'd say yes . 
  `` an ethnic group or ethnicity is a category of people who identify with each other based on common language , ancestral , social , cultural , or national experiences . '', 
  i have first hand experience with people from yugoslavia now being ethnic swedes , sharing the same rituals , language and so on . 
  you got my upvote after the edit . 
  swedish stats does n't count ethnicity , but where your parents and you were born . 
  even though my dads parent were german , he was sure as hell considered an ethnic swede . 
  a lot of refugees from yugoslavia could also be considered ethnic swedes . 
  muslims and all . 
  `` an ethnic group or ethnicity is a category of people who identify with each other based on common language , ancestral , social , cultural , or national experiences . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] '' and often they share a similar gene pool , as you say . 
  but not necessarily . 
  if not , google carl zeiss . 
   by now about 30 % of residents now have foreign background what does that mean ? 
  my grandparents were german , do i have a foreign background ? 
  you link does not provide a source for that statistics . 
  the link says that all it takes to belong to an ethnicity is to identify as one . 
  australia is n't even in !, 
  i was thinking [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gah9nrgnhuu ), 
  looks like a truck did n't have enough room to turn. , maybe related to the construction going on to the left ? 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  envy because they have cut down their forest ages ago , and cant live in a cosy wooden house !, 
  it 's almost like it was one country not long ago !, 
  it 's strange , because there 's a lot of single family houses in the us built out of wood . 
  as shown in fucking \u00c5m\u00e5l . 
  if both adults work in trades/administration i 'd say it 's doable in sweden . 
  my sister is in administration in the county , and her boyfriend is a lathe operator/mechanic . 
  two cars , a 4 bedroom ( small ) house , he had a motorcycle ( or two ) and their daughter had a horse for a couple of years . 
  he could own a auto shop , or a maybe a lorry company . 
  you should visit norway/sweden/finland . 
  i 'm not even sure what you are asking . 
  `` and interestingly , and to which i will return in my slideshow later , is that israel today treats palestinians in a very similar manner as one treated jews in germany during the 30s '' ( my attempt at translating ), 
  it has been going on since the 90s . 
  do you know of easily accessible text on the difference between german and anglo saxon traditionso ? 
  well , most criminals start out as well behaved kid in a decent neighbourhood , so obviously it 's no guarantee . 
  no , it 's pine actually . 
  wood does n't rot , with a reasonable design that is maintained . 
  in this case , it 's also painted with tar , which helps . 
  now and then you have to redo the roofing . 
  so , if syrians integrate well , you wont mind them either . 
  that 's good to know . 
  posting a non-functioning link wiith no explanation is n't very informative . 
  did n't you hear what he said ? 
  he 's `` pretty sure '' , that 's surely good enough ? 
  so you did n't mind them coming here ? 
  nah , your opinion are your own . 
  nothing that can be proved or disproved . 
  nah , we do n't do facts here . 
  or four ? 
  i was taken care of by a iranian ( ? ), 
  dentist today . 
  she was very good . 
  i did n't ask her religious stance, 
  as shown by the total absence of religious wars in europe , between christians . 
  catholics or muslims , it 's the same to us . 
  i wonder how many here remember the yugoslav immigration in the 90s ? 
  it wo n't , because then we 'll have the next discussion of how people from country x is ruining that was perfect now . 
  same here , before the poles we had the slavs , though . 
  it 's your rallying call !, 
  health and social care is mostly financed by local authorites . 
  in 2014 , the total amount spent on social services by kommuner and landsting was around 800 billion crowns . 
  source : http://skl.se/ekonomijuridikstatistik/ekonomi/sektornisiffror.1821.html, 
  you want to outlaw christmas gifts and birthday presents ? 
  or du you just consider it immoral . 
  apparently it was due to attacks from the the biker gang bandidos . 
   how does my name check out ? 
  it was a policy change in 2011 to give permanent residence permits to syrians instead of the normal temporary permits . 
  it was in 2013 . 
  instead of previously half of the syrians got perm residency , all of them got it . 
  you can always start a war , and then become prosecuted due to your beliefs . 
  like many germans did last time , and got to stay . 
  we did send back a couple of baltic refugees , but that apparently was n't really a good idea . 
  user name checks out ... 
  most of the cases get permanent residence directly . 
  til + / - 3 % is exact . 
  are you saying they have integrated and are about to change their views ? 
  i do n't think you have to go back further than the 80s . 
  it 's not like europe is on the same `` age '' either , take the stance on corporal punishment for instance . 
  sweden banned it in 1979 , the netherlands in 2007 . 
  can you explain why you think men in scandinavia are emasculated ? 
  great article !, 
  sweden - kungshamn , more info and better picture : http://www.kungshamn.nu/om, 
  it 's 69 % for natives , btw . 
  what was strange with that ? 
  bashing welfare system ? 
  please go to / r/murica . 
  or iraq . 
  because they got to stay . 
  few entry level jobs in sweden . 
  highly mechanized level of work , and a well educated work force . 
  why would that matter , if you learn the language or not ? 
  if the only reason you got here was economic , i would think you 'd be more eager to learn swedish ( without which you have a hard time making serious money ) . 
  the poles go home every once in a while . 
  because once deemed refugees they got permanent residence status . 
  has someone died , and did he inherit ? 
  `` miss gurbuz denied she had written the tweets and claimed her sister may have posted them , the mail on sunday reported . '',
