  i know americans like to divide people into a colour scheme , but lets not pretend there 's a universal , scientific , definition of who 's `` white '' . 
  we 're re-instating conscription , in anticipation of a reaaaally cold winter . 
  whose definition of white are you using there ? 
  weeell , do you want into nordic or not ? 
  and we cold march our army over to you ... 
  in the cities with many refugees ( malm\u00f6 , g\u00f6teborg , landskrona ) , there are more women than men . 
  november 2016 : 4 970 359 women , 4 997 278 men . 
  so it 's actually 1.005, 
  what 's the ` other ' in the north ? 
  ukrainian farm hands ? 
  you ca n't conduct all studies all the time . 
  you have to select which one , and why is this more important than study new thugs and developed new methods for rehabilitation etc. 
  in fact , repeating studies is n't that popular . 
  should we just through away all studies older than 10 years ? 
  there wont be much science left then . 
  do you know for a fact that this study wouldnt be possible to conduct today , or is that something you picked up from reddit ? 
  maybe they do n't expect a change , maybe they have other things to study that 's more interesting , maybe they do n't have the funding . 
  of course had they made a study in 2016 , they would have to use data from 2010 - 2014 or so . 
  they ca n't look into the future , you know . 
  yes , i 'm sure there 's a big conspiracy within br\u00c5 . 
  and by that you mean disregard studies if they come to the wrong conclusion ? 
  well , all studies deal with the past , how could it be different ? 
  anyone can shout `` but its different now ! '', 
  with any study they disagree with . 
  the study was released 12 years ago , not today . 
  why is it meaningless ? 
  what did we ban , when ? 
  why should n't they have released the study ? 
  i thought we already had sk\u00e5neland , and wanted to get rid of it ? 
  it 's easier to got to the student pub . 
  all nordic countries have strict alcohol control . 
  except those half-germans . 
  it 's still legal to hit your children in the uk . 
  i guess blasphemy laws are more important to our british friends , than their own kid . 
  land rover , lucas , your plumbing . 
  northern scotland is beautiful and feels almost like home . 
  i 'm a bit prejudiced against brittish engineering the last half a century , but that 's where it started . 
  honestly , our main cultural import except the us . 
  there were immigration in significant numbers way before the last decade . 
  immigration to sweden is not a recent phenomena . 
  well , that would be false . 
  there have been a lot of immigration into sweden since wwii . 
  there 's about 20 hours drive between the iron ore mines of kiruna and the pharma center in lund . 
  pretty much the same as between pittsburgh and houston , if google maps is to trust . 
  the us is more densely populated than sweden , btw . 
  huh , did n't know it was known outside sweden . 
  it 's a great story , i only read the book . 
  well , fireworks is not as harmful . 
  why does n't it matter if the header is correct ? 
  a bit misleading , the list is n't about grenade attacks but all kind of explosions . 
  come on , anti-tank missile or go home . 
  of course . 
   `` bombing , sabotage or attempted government overthrown '' . 
  that 's what the picture says . 
  i do n't think there is much of a debate , really , after wwii the usa has got the most blood on their hands by a huge margin . 
  not want to defend the us , but i bet they worded the headline so as to show the worst of the us and the best of iran . 
  ok , i watched it . 
  still do n't understand . 
  do you even w\u00f5rk ? 
  we have 13 , out of which 5 are on weekends . 
  lule\u00e5 is our northernmost university . 
  i guess they have a campus at esrange , though . 
  these were very popular when i was a kid in 70/80s, 
  i prefer my allies to be a bit closer than on the other side of the globe . 
  france have a bad reputation ? 
  what for ? 
  i have a feeling bloomberg wanted to paint a pro-us picture . 
  well , that 's a bit limited then . 
  what about france or germany , for instance ? 
  what were the choices ? 
  perfect for our longships !, 
  lund, 
   now that 's how scotland 's going to join the nordic . 
  hey !, 
  really ? 
  i used mills in my youth . 
  i guess i 'm an american too , then . 
  or wait , did you assume we never use mills ? 
  you complaining abut stereotypes is a bit silly , if you base your view of europe about visit to london . 
  what other european countries have you been to ? 
  are you the guy posting in shiteuropeanssay ? 
  it mostly one guy , is n't it ? 
  i did ? 
  you were literally saying french surrender joke 's are ok , but not jokes about the us , because those are xenophobic ? 
  is volvo penta still around ? 
  smaller engines or course . 
  we more or less closed our shipyards in the 70s . 
  why ca n't eu in the current form for instance , be powerful ? 
  did you try to engineer in mils and footseconds ? 
  i 'd roll my eyes to that too . 
  my experience with us engineers are n't very positive , i have to admit . 
  much talk , little action . 
  but there were some good guys too . 
  what parts of europe have you been to , except london ? 
   the nazi and french coward jokes were n't serious well then , the current banter towards the us is n't serious either . 
  i feel finland has overtaken in sweden in metal industry , at least when it comes to steel . 
  ovako is considered finnish too ? 
  really ? 
  where was that ? 
  yes , swedish police is well known for its left wing agenda .
