  note that lumber was measured in english inches , not the swedish inch ( 0.8 mm shorter ), 
  on the internet , and other us publications . 
  i have an old tractor ( massey fergusson 135 ) with tools , so when repairing it i need both metric and inches . 
  also own a land rover , same problem there . 
  i 'd assume that every mechanic has both also . 
   are n't you the guy from j\u00e4mtland ? 
  nope !, 
  maybe . 
  how much oil money do i get ? 
  are you looking for an echo chamber ? 
  or did i misunderstand ? 
  i have no idea what it means . 
  we had elective monarchy first half of last century , the king was chosen by us , not by god . 
  well , let us know how it went , i 'm curious . 
  i 'm waiting for / u/vonadler . 
  just liberating the swedish minority in tr\u00f6ndelag . 
  1200 eur for 18 nights ? 
  have you checked with anyone going previously ? 
  it seems geared towards youth , maybe the accommodation is a bit spartan . 
  not in sweden . 
  this year was a bad day for employees , both christmas eve , christmas day and new year were on the weekend . 
  a 360 monarchy . 
  it was a monarchy all the time , but instead of the trone getting inherited , the next heir was elected . 
  there 's nothing in monarchy that says it must be hereditary . 
  all our kings were elected up until mid 16th century . 
  elective monarchy is a thing , both as a regular occurrence and on special occasions . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/elective_monarchy we chose a king last time in 1809 , norway in 1905 . 
  i do n't know enough about it . 
  no , not debatable . 
  we did n't , and it would n't be `` funding '' anyways . 
  still , not at war . 
  what did you mean by `` funding nazis '' ? 
  still , we were n't at war . 
  what about it ? 
  i do n't know where you got `` funding nazis '' from , but we were n't at war , we were n't attacked and we did n't attack . 
   then how was norway invaded by the nazis ** through sweden ** . 
  they were n't . 
  look , if you do n't know the details of ww2 that 's ok , i wo n't judge . 
  but maybe look it up a bit before you write more ? 
  no , we avoided that . 
  200 + years of peace . 
  not true , only in the case where it fences off an important recreation area may the authorities order you to put in a gate . 
  not very common . 
  you are allowed to climb the fence ( if it can be without breaking it ) , however . 
  horse riding can be contentious on dirt roads , it can can destroy them fairly easily . 
  as a land owner in a not too popular area , i 'm mostly glad someone is out in the woods instead of in front of a computer . 
  there 's a path on my land that the municipality maintain . 
  i do not like howwever motorized traffic on my land , i 'm starting to think i 'll put up a sign . 
  http://reports.weforum.org/travel-and-tourism-competitiveness-report-2015/economy-rankings/ apparently , you 're right . 
  see section 8 . nn, 
  here 's one take on it : http://reports.weforum.org/travel-and-tourism-competitiveness-report-2015/economy-rankings/ select group 8 . nn, 
  not anymore , i 'm used to non-cash payments now . 
  yes , these are not theme parks , but actual real life wilderness . 
  autopay and e-invoice mostly . 
  then registrering paper-invoice on the internet , credit cards and i also use cash sometimes ( more than swish ) . 
  it 's easier to keep track on the money using credit card statement , than writing it down fo every purchase . 
  i do n't think using `` cost of living '' is a good measure of how expensive it is to visit as a tourist . 
  eating and hotell/room are the big costs while travelling , and also transportation to/from the areas . 
  i think germany wins when it comes to hiking trails and information center . 
  it 's usually not so well organised in sweden . 
  on the other hand , it easier to just be alone in the forest in sweden . 
  they do ? 
  til . 
  cover : blown, 
  never is a long time . 
   but they are in schengen now , maybe they 'll come closer still . 
   if there are positive consequences for an action , and no negative consequences , then that action is by definition a reasonable choice . 
  is it ok to steal , if you do n't get caught and there are no consequences ? 
  stealing and hurting your classmates is n't a mental illnes , it is just wrong . 
  a child that does that needs help . 
    but sure , if you take away their allowance and they continue to do whatever they did before , what do you do then ? 
  remove their bed , door to their room all their clothes except one pair ? 
   as opposed to what ? 
  not doing anything and consenting the behavior ? 
  i 'm asking what your solution as a parent is/would be . 
  not for a long time . 
  first stabilise current situation , and then add all the rest of countries in europe . 
  balkan , norway , iceland and even the swiss . 
  at least for practical purposes . 
  so , not for 50 years or so . 
  as an adult you wo n't be homeless or hungry if you do n't work either ( yay welfare state ! ) . 
  and your kids are not your employee , so you ca n't fire them . 
  you ca n't fire your parents either . 
   if you hurt your classmates or steal from your friend as a kid , you will get help . 
  because you need help . 
  you do n't need punishment . 
  but sure , if you take away their allowance and they continue to do whatever they did before , what do you do then ? 
  remove their bed , door to their room all their clothes except one pair ? 
  these are suggestions i often hear from / r/parenting and if you go down that path , you probably wo n't have to see your kids after they turn 18 . 
  success ? 
  punishment is not a direct consequence of your actions , it an add on that is fairly arbitrary . 
  `` depriving '' of punishment ? 
  is punishment a necessary thing to develop as a human ? 
  spain outlawed corporal punishment 2007 , what do you suggest as punishment for children disobeying ? 
  a.k.a teenager . 
  what do you do when you are all out of punishment and the child still does n't obey ? 
  you lose . 
  the goal is n't to get the child to do what you want it to , but to teach it how to be a human , and set it up for adulthood . 
  maybe , but punishment to get a certain behaviour does n't work on that well on children/teens . 
  north : nordkapp , norway south : gran canaria , spain east : kirkenes , norway ( it 's actually east of istanbul ) west : settle , us,
