   significant particulate emission , and co2 is 20 times as bad as wind or nuclear ( or half as bad as natural gas ) . 
  well , of the other two ipcc reports you linked , one has nuclear and biomass similar and the other had nuclear worse . 
  no , no heat from nuclear is used for district heating . 
  political and geographical reasons . 
  compare that with biomass , where it almost always both heat and electricity co-gened , and thus not much energy is wasted . 
  that is the uranium energy for the nuclear power , there '' s about a 30 % efficiency , so a third of that 660 becomes electricity . 
  the rest heats the ocean . 
  for hydro , it 's the produced electricity . 
  not denmark, 
  nice map , not often you notice such a detailed scale ( bottom left ) . 
  is the name of the capital the same as the region ? 
  it 's not `` demands '' , the correct translation is `` requests '' . 
  sure , if he also dies . 
  there are about 2000 wolves on the iberian peninsula . 
  roll between thumb and index . 
  that kills the bug . 
  well , you could stop hunting wolves ( and i bet a calf can be taken by a lynx ) . 
  and for northern europe , here 's some more info . 
  and from what part of the world is the data ... ? 
   men dont take time off work to have babies oh , yes we do . 
  the housing prices has risen steadily for 20 years , and every year armchair experts claim the bubble will burst . 
  what the fuck ? 
  `` who from norway will know where logro\u00f1o is ? 
  you 'll be lucky if they know where spain is . '' '' wtf ? 
  not until store baelt freezes over !, 
  we tried to tell you , but no , you went ahead and embarrassed yourself . 
  that would be wednesday . 
  i thought we discussed the case of sweden ? 
  other countries have different circumstances . 
  there is n't a solution that is best for everyone . 
   if you 're ultimately burning a fuel to produce the electricity , it 's going to be at least twice as efficient to burn it directly in the dwelling , or use some sort of district heating scheme . 
  nuclear , hydro , and wind produce about 95 % of all the electricity in sweden . 
  none of these are something you could burn directly in your home . 
  nuclear powered district heating could be used in some cities . 
  but nuclear was not designed to be placed in city centers . 
  also , nobody wants ( the perception of ) radioactive water in their homes . 
   are electric heaters prevalent in colder countries ? 
  when sweden built their first nuclar power plants , electricity was so cheap ( also due to larhe hydro plants ) , that most of the newly built homes were heated with resisive heating , phasing out the imported oil . 
  today around 15 % of homes still use resistive heating . 
  finland is nordic . 
  maybe one could debate if they are scandinavian . 
  bork is the official spelling . 
  yes . 
  [ yes we do . 
  eight polls in september , yougov have them at 27.3 % . 
  the other seven ( 4 earlier , 3 later ) are from 16.7 % to 21.5 % . 
  slander allowed too ? 
  you can protest without resorting to violence . 
  start by treating your coworkers in management as human beings too , and you will get further . 
  yes , if they own the company . 
  which makes it even more important for teachers to counteract this . 
  france will be one too , soon . 
  we 're using perilex for our stoves . 
  same in sweden . 
  til !, 
  thanks . 
  it 's from 2014 . 
  do you have newer data ? 
  it 's completely foreign to me not allowing kids to nap outside !, 
  difference in cultural norms when you least expect them . 
  the following table suggests that less than half of the us population is covered by employer health insurance . 
  he should have nailed it to the door , but chickened out ? 
  was n't military cuts very broadly accepted in sweden , i 'm thinking mp and v has always been a bit anti-militaristic ? 
  actually , they are less inclined to defend their country than swedes and finns ( who also are neutral ) . 
  i guess we are also geographically blessed ? 
  finland 's cause is ours ( literally ) . 
  it 's ok , we got your back . 
  ] ( http://worldwarera.se/images/finlandssak%c3%a4rv%c3%a5r1940.jpg ), 
  no , i have never heard of finland , their border or history . 
  finland ? 
  still unlikely for sweden , 50 % for staying , 30 % for leaving last june after the brexit poll . 
  ** triggered **, 
  let 's join forces , and create our own union !, 
  yes ? 
  it 's still the most dangerous animal in the uk . 
   however the odds of a tick carrying lyme disease are very small , something like 1 out of 10.000 . 
  i got it once . 
  tbe is also dangerous , but has a vaccine . 
   i have had the displeasure of being stung by both , and unless you 're allergic , it 's not dangerous , just very painful . 
  5 die each year in the uk . 
  lyme disease does n't always have the typical symptoms , in men it 's a 50/50 chance if i remember correctly . 
  the most dagnerous animals in the uk are wasps and bees . 
  it 's bascially illegal to put up surveillance cameras or automatic cameras in publci places . 
  it 's ok as long as a person is filming , but not a machine . 
  it 's not a basic right to put up a surveillance camera though . 
  and this qualifies as such . 
  there 's a lot of history and beautiful architecture they 'll miss . 
  why not ? 
  it 's a good way to learn about the major religions . 
  would this be viable without agriculture subsidies from eu ? 
  are the tariffs for imported kiwis high ? 
  pretty much everything that the government collects is public info , except if it 's not . 
  medical and social info is not , but tax info is and also what real estate you own and if you 're controlling a company etc. 
  if you want a permit to change/upgrade your house , thats public info . 
  it 's not available on the net , but a phone call or physical visit to the registrar is all that is needed . 
  no fee , totally anonymous . 
  old school . 
  ha , they use cheaper wood materials from oher copuntries . 
  forest destroyer checking in . 
  it started a couple of decades ago , seen as more refined drinking wine than beer or booze .
