  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one noticing . 
  so , is it studens that do the counting ? 
  that 's really not a good idea . 
  we \u00e4ll d\u00f6 . 
  try having swedish , german and english dictionaries installed in your autocompletion ... 
  never knew there was a swedish word for that . 
  i thought only norway had it . 
  deep down in our hearts , we all know ... 
  a quarter of india is underweight , huh . 
  in today 's newspapaer , the victim appeared to be chocked that the case was dropped and she still considers it rape . 
   the woman who accused him of sexual assault ? 
  you mean the prosecutor . 
  the alleged victim was n't the one who reported the `` incident '' and she has stated too many times now , that no rape occurred . 
   flat/house sharing with strangers or friends . 
  i thought that was only in american sitcoms ? 
  kick out ? 
  some kids want to leave , you know . 
  it 's from eurostat , who derives the data from the eu labour force survey ( eu-lfs ) . 
  so , they ask people about their situation . 
  nah , we 're staying fabulous !!!, 
  suecia major, 
  thank god for global warming . 
  it 's tied to you thinking all swedes are gay . 
  the reason it 's been that way is because it is really hard to do . 
  adding a well liked king in the mix does n't make it easier . 
  i hope he pass all the tests and are evaluated like the rest of the pilots . 
  i also wonder what pilot has the guts to tell him if he makes a mistake ? 
  understanding scottish people can be really difficult . 
  do n't you have a standard english pronunciation you can use when talking to foreigners ? 
  are they offended when people disagree with what they say ? 
  what did they expect , the everyone would be amazed of their wisdom . 
  if you 're offended when people do n't see the world like you do , maybe it 's better to just not say anything ? 
   i would say it 's not as much that they are n't liked , it 's just that they are afraid of social consequences . 
  well , if you voice an unpopular opinion , no surprise you will become unpopular . 
  as a finn , do you know the answer ? 
  how come these people are n't liked anywmore ? 
  they were against joining , they want less power to eu , they want to remove tariffs for non-eu imports , they want to stay outside of the euro . 
  https://www.nrk.no/dokumentar/gaten-i-isdalen-1.13182053 norwegian tv . 
  they can ? 
  how come , do other poeple not like them anymore or what ? 
  it is not . 
  latest calculations does n't include all the hundreds of thousands that are still being processed for asylum or live illegally in sweden . 
  those who are not allowed to work ? 
   it 's actually a perfect example of why some people are afraid to discuss non-european immigration , and why many people vote for far-right parties . 
  why are they afraid to voice their opinion ? 
  are they afraid other people will think badly of them ? 
  it might not be the same people . 
   in my opinion there is a correlation between being anti-immigration and being anti-eu . 
  i do n't know about most countires candidates but off the top of my head ; ukip , national front , frp , and sverigedemokraterna all fit the correlation . 
  and milj\u00f6partiet and v\u00e4nsterpartiet does not fit the correlation . 
  it 's one of the three major newspapers . 
  finnish used to be the largest foreign born nationality in sweden , now it 's syria . 
  we had lots of finns coming here n the 70s-80s and they once made up 3 % of our population . 
  also , historical ties . 
  so , why are you upset , really ? 
  there 's significantly less immigration this year than last . 
  your projection is already wildly inaccurate . 
  i cut the grass yesterday . 
  today , we got snow ... 
  swedish climate has been getting warmer consistently . 
  ikea saves the day again !, 
  only in a black or white world . 
  which it is n't . 
  that 's why making verbal threats is outlawed , for instance . 
   everyone needs a bare minimum of money . 
  the reason the structure is complex is that not everyone needs the same minimum amount of money . 
  should we a ) increase it so that everyone gets the most or b ) keep the rules ? 
   except that is no different than today . 
  we are already paying for extra help to the people who need that help . 
  how would implementing ubi change the need for help in those sectors ? 
  it wont change much , so we ca n't finance ubi by cutting down bureaucracy . 
  that 's my whole point , the bureaucracy is n't just going away , we still need it . 
  do you consider helping people a waste of money ? 
   it removes ** any ** bureaucracy to check on whether people are actually looking for jobs/unable to work/injured and so on that was the original statement i disagreed with . 
  you seem to assume a lot . 
  i doubt it removes much of the bureaucracy , so the average cost will go down slightly . 
  but those who needs more help than ubi still need some bureaucracy , and they are already taking a large part of resources . 
  if everybody were a healthy , single 22 year old student with no mental , physical or addictive problems who already had housing and were n't in the economical hole , then you 'd have a point . 
  swedish student loan organization ( csn ) employs 900 people . 
  they pay out ~ 30 000 million sek each year , their cost for that is ~ 763 millions ( 2-3 % ) . 
  even if you could half the bureaucracy , you wont save much . 
  why are you asking me these questions ? 
  do n't you see that much of the bureaucracy is still needed ? 
  people need help with more stuff than getting money in their pockets . 
   the thing is , our societies are going to become heavily automated . 
  it is heavily automated already . 
  how do you think your food got to your table ? 
   then ubi is cheaper to implement than current systems . 
  it removes any bureaucracy to check on whether people are actually looking for jobs/unable to work/injured and so on i doubt it . 
  some people still would need help with more money than the ubi can provide , and some people still would need help with finding housing etc. 
  you ca n't remove social services by dishing out a fixed sum to anyone . 
  most new is n't a good idea either . 
  do you have a source for that ( in english preferably ) . 
  young voters were le pen 's strongest group . 
  is the guardian still sore loser ? 
  it 's just fried mackerel , but with different meat . 
  i find it hard to think of nazism as an ideology . 
  it 's just `` what hitler did '' , in my mind . 
  is there any intellectual discourse of what nazism is , what it wants to achieve and how ? 
  [ middle of may , two years ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mfnn1hovvo ) ( with subtitles ),
