  what do i know ? 
  irish ? 
  spanish ? 
   turned out that gramps had quite a collection of medals , but he had lost most of them since the only public recommendation he had valued in his life ( and the only one he ever displayed when alive ) had been a gold medal of the local farming society - i remember him saying that he did n't much appreciate how the society talked about him as a `` veteran '' , as he was in the army only for a few years in his youth , but he had been a farmer and a forester for almost five decades !, 
  how very finnish of him !, 
   paternal grand-uncle : wounded somewhere on the eastern front ( around k\u00f6nigsberg / kaliningrad ) , died on hospital ship in the baltic sea , when it was sunk by the americans ( ? ) . 
  was it wilhelm gustloff ? 
  sunk by soviets in that case . 
  for money ... / s, 
  as a parent , how your kids behave in a resturant is the least of your worries . 
  its the part that non-parents perhaps notice the most , but it 's a small part of a kids life . 
  northern parts of east germany has more recent ties to sweden then swedish parts of estonia . 
  we lost it only 200 years ago , while swedish parts of estonia was lost 300 years ago . 
  i have n't been to estonia , so i should n't judge , but it 's not unreasonable to state closer ties to east germany . 
  finland . 
  worth nothing or worth noting ? 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i was too young to remember . 
  yes , but not that much . 
  our king is still head of state , so some diplomacy is required . 
  he 's keeping a pretty low profile . 
  i think the last remnant of power was removed in 1973 . 
  real power ? 
  hmm , do n't know . 
  the census reported was from the uk . 
  my grandfather fled to sweden before the war , his brother fought for germany . 
  edit : ok , let 's add to the story . 
  all this is third hand info , and maybe i dont ' remember it correctly . 
  grandfather was a fairly high official in the mecklenburg administration . 
  he was also member of the spd , and got into trouble in '33 ( moustaschy guy ) . 
  served jail time , but was released to help out with the administration . 
  i think it was concerning the hospitals . 
  he fled overnight to sweden with my grandmother from greifswald . 
  i would n't be surprised if she were a socialist/communist . 
  grandfathers brother i know even less about . 
  he was a paratrooper for germany , and i presume member of nsadp . 
  he survived the war , but the brothers did n't talk to each other until the 1980 's ( i think ) . 
  as far as i know they forgave each other - for fighting for the nazis and for abandoning the vaterland respectively - before the brother died . 
  i visited my dads cousins in germany as a kid . 
  we also use `` f\u00e4derneslandet '' , which is fatherland ( somewhat archaic spelling ) . 
  you are referring to the norwegian reset ? 
  i 've heard preussisk ordning/disciplin . 
  it 's more than that , but so far a third or more are denied . 
  here 's some official stats : https://www.migrationsverket.se/english/about-the-migration-agency/facts-and-statistics-/statistics.html, 
  honourable mention : scotland, 
  do n't forget to explain your ancestry with a spanish accent . 
  i love the mountains . 
  normal drunk behaviour ? 
  well , many countries are n't fond of the small minded federalism either . 
  it 's not just the uk . 
  i make my porridge in the morning . 
  defrost frozen stuff ( e.g. 
  berries ) , heat leftovers , melt butter and kids do popcorn . 
  re-heat bread sometimes . 
  if you 're middle class swede , i 'd expect you to have left europe at least once before you turn 40 . 
  thailand is a popular destination now , for two weeks it 's about 1500 eur a head . 
  i 've been to a daytrip to morocco and several times to the us ( business and pleasure ) . 
   if iceland counts as europe ... dude . 
  ~ ~ reported ! ~ ~ banned !, 
  ( look , no french spacing either ! ), 
  they have been around for a very long time . 
  their popularity changes over time ( like other parties ) . 
  or , as is the case in sweden , we have both . 
  i 'm sorry , but you just have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  go away . 
  rule # 0 : do n't be a troll . 
  can foreigners get mobile pay ? 
  i travel to denmark now and then , this would be great to have . 
  i want my country to have mandatory service . 
  military or civilian . 
  something that make people useful when the normal society ( temporarily ) breaks down . 
  i do n't think women are less useful in that case , so naturally it would apply to all genders . 
  kids need discipline , consequences and showed who 's the head of household . 
  just ask any american on / r/parenting ... 
   you drop dead of old age ... ... when you turn 30 . 
  if you 're non-eu you do n't get all the benefits . 
  depends on your terms of stay . 
   25 % of boys and 27 % of girls holy crap , that is more than i thought . 
  is n't it about 15 % for the entire population ? 
  appreciate it , did n't even know it was an english word . 
  have you heard him/her ? 
  it 's easier to write than to speak . 
  why do i have to see a discussion of the second amendment in askeurope ? 
  hmm ... 
  coffee together with hard cheese ( grev\u00e9 ftw ) on a buttered toast ? 
  its the best breakfast there is !!, 
  there 's one with reindeer too . 
  http://www.fjallbrynt.se/produkter/rokt-renost-tub/ prefect for hiking in the mountains . 
  even better link in -86 , when g\u00f6teborg beat aberdeen in the euro cup quarter final . 
  then we lost to barcelona in the semi after winning 3-0 at home . 
  scottish builders founded g\u00f6teborg . 
  early on , scots were part of the city council , and instead of german we used english as a language for trade here . 
  at times , almost all of the tea to scotland was smuggled from swedena/g \u00f6teborg . 
  names such as chalmers , dickson , carnegie are well known scottish traders , and the tech university is called chalmers . 
  dickson started and made a fortune on the swedish `` timber rush '' mid nineteen century . 
  ifk g\u00f6teborg beat dundee in the -87 uefa cup final ... 
  it was required reading for us . 
  sounds like [ mjukost ] ( http://www.kavli.se/varumaerken-produkter/kavli/bredbar-ost/kavli-mjukost ) , often with ham , shrimp or mushrooms . 
  i do n't like it much myself . 
  when it comes to meat and dairy many if not most swedes want swedish origin .
