   yes , but 50 is way to late to start making life decisions . 
  so people should buy their first house at 50 ? 
  or consider having kids at 50 ( if it were possible ) ? 
  what ? 
  as soon as your education gives you more yearly income than the interest of the student loan , it 's a win . 
  and the interest is really low . 
  that 's one way of doing it , but i ca n't see that happening here . 
  i have n't found any actual proposals though . 
   what is the point of having a plan where interest continues to accrue for 20 years , only to be forgiven by the government later ? 
  because when you 're 50 you earn a lot more than when you 're fresh out of school , so most people do pay it off . 
  payment is based on your income , while interest accrues ( ? ), 
  over the years . 
   while interest continues to accrue . 
  the entire time a debtor is on ibr with a very low payment , they are getting more and more in debt . 
  the ibr plans are a default stop gap and nothing more . 
  just like in sweden . 
  the debt gets cancelled at retirement . 
  just to clarify , top-less sunbathing went out of style ( in sweden ) before cell phones had cameras . 
   yes , you can . 
  all forms of income substitution would be replaced . 
  most probably not , it would be a huge step backwards to lower the paid sick and paternity leave . 
  the whole point of basic income is to provide a basic income . 
  not all of the public employees are bureaucrats . 
  nurses , teachers , doctors , police , etc. 
  i could n't find any stats for how large percentage are bureaucrats . 
  basic income does n't men we can suddenly get rid of schools , health service and other social services . 
  it 's unpopular among those who floods newspaper articles with comments about immigrants , which probably is the same people that flood reddit with comments about immigrants . 
   that 's social issues and not related to basic income which would radically change the way the state works . 
  i doubt it . 
  basic income does n't have to be very different from today 's welfare support . 
  i ca n't doing away with paid sick leave or paid paternity leave just because you got basic income . 
  why only `` non-refugee '' though ? 
  taking in refugees is a regular program . 
  [ speaking of commercials ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uu2om92dri ), 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw7kmrutwgm welcom to / r/europe . 
  being healthy is always the hardest part of world class sports . 
  yes , the same way us was first with women voting , abolishing segregation , mandated maternity/paternity leave , pension and health care for everyone and other social reforms . 
  so daily mail is criticising the swedish government policies about integration and refugees , and you belive this has lead to the swedish government has censored the daily mail ? 
  is that what you believe ? 
  the fire of suspicion of what , exactly ? 
  that daily mail is critizing the swedish government , and that 's why the swedish government supposedly have censored the article ? 
  so , daily mail is critizing the swedish government , and that 's why the swedish government supposedly have censored the article ? 
  and what criticism of the governent is censored ? 
  who said anything about censoring criticism of the government ? 
  does it matter if it 's true or not ? 
  it 's so refreshing seeing the far right figthing the gender war side by side with feminists . 
  who would have thought !, 
  is this german or eu policy ? 
  are you telling me vg.no is not always correct ? 
   according to newest information from fria tider a reputable source , indeed . 
  unless you read any posts containing the word `` immigrant '' . 
  literacy is n't higher education . 
  together with young redditors or then ? 
  i do not approve . 
  really ? 
  in sweden you can not , except for along the coast and in the three ( ? ), 
  largest lakes . 
  i figured there would be some similarities . 
  no , they would make all sorts of transportation more expensive . 
  especially those that are harmful to the environment . 
  huh , i thought it was more often . 
  not bigger , but both are offences . 
  only if you do n't remind them every year . 
  damn those immigrants . 
  wonderful film !, 
  posted in / r/eurodocs ? 
  it 's not that hard to set up a tax haven even for small businesses . 
  it 's a lot of red tape and it probably cost more than you gain . 
  the hard part is to use the money for your own consumption , that 's where most of the tax is payed , and harder to get out of . 
  comparing company tax with private income tax is ridiculous . 
  the article is n't in english , it must be some other language ? 
  the drive to have sex does n't suddenly vanish when the gender ratios are 1.0 . 
  neither do every man and woman magically find a partner . 
  the gender ratio in europe varies a lot already . 
  the absence of proof suggests otherwise . 
   skewed sex ratios would mean lots of sexually frustrated young men well , there wont be as many sexually frustrated young women , so i guess it evens out . 
  but seriuosly , anybody believes that crap about how men must fuck or else they 'll be raging ? 
  every village with more than 500 inhabitants . 
  the press almost never name those who are not convicted . 
  even if you are conviceted , your name only get 's in the newspaper if you are a more or less well known already . 
  or if it 's a big case . 
  comparing crime statistics across countries is always an issue . 
  comparing homicide is fairly accurate because the reporting is relatively consistent . 
  however , some countries report a death as a homicide when the reason is unknown , and lithuania also report attempted homicide . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/8/84/homicides%2c_average_per_year%2c_2007%e2%80%9309_and_2010%e2%80%9312_%28per_100_000_inhabitants%29_yb14.png but the definition and report rate of `` assault '' varies a lot between countries . 
   and the biggest have ironically such countries like sweden and norway . 
  do you have a source for that claim ? 
  does n't look like it from here . 
  depends . 
  is there a wall to protect against the romans ? 
  if so , yes . 
  it has happened for 6-7 years , it started as robbery against men/boys . 
  the last few years has also inclued sex assault . 
  not really , the policee admitted that they should have included info about the assaults , in the press material regarding the festival . 
  '' * in short the info the police spread about the festival was that it was few crimes and few arrests , considering . 
  no mentioning about the assaults . 
  one policeman stated that he contacted dn . 
  were other media contacted ? 
  the official stance of the police is that they did not go public with this info , but should have . 
  the police , yes .
