so , his father got offended in his place ? 
  what made you grow shorter ? 
  we 're going to thailand instead . 
  how did the participants handel the languages ? 
  any trouble understanding each other ? 
  have you figured out why he 's singing from a boat in a canal , yet ? 
  they are the opposite of babelfish . 
  if you put a potato in your mouth , the word come out as danish . 
  in what language was the debate held ? 
  it serves most of europe , with a population of hundred millions !, 
  yes , so why bring sentio up if it 's a different type of poll and not so recent as the one discussed in the header ? 
  the novus polls is more recent , and puts them third . 
  which puts them in third place by size . 
  it 's rare that homeless people freeze to death , mostly alcoholics and addicts . 
  if you 're sober , you can find shelter . 
  the coldest temperature measured in malm\u00f6 was 1942 , -28 c. 
  kvinnofridskr\u00e4nkning means repeated offences of sexual , physical nature ( also of `` peace '' , ca n't translate ) within the last six months within a relation . 
  yeah , it 's not symmetric with regards to gender . 
  you know what happens really cold winters when the sea freezes ... ? 
  i think you forgot the '' / s '' . 
   many danes have illegally helped people get to sweden even though they risk 2 years in jail . 
  hmm , is n't that a bit xenophobic ? 
  the optimal solution would be to throw out the 20 % norwegians and the 70 % somali who are jobless . 
  maybe we could get rid of the surplus citizens who ca n't get a job also ? 
  best skiing !, 
  the two latest polls has sd at third largest . 
  according to polls since then , they are still third . 
  my goal is to have a beard like mieto !, 
  i posted two separate polls , not one . 
  both of them ( polled 10-20th august and 14-24 august ) was published after the poll ft refer to ( polled 14-17 august ) . 
  ( edit : switched computers and wrote some more ), 
  they are not , the recent polls put them in third position . 
  it 's not a disgnosis , it 's a recognition that the woman has issues . 
  no , it 's not . 
  and most people are capable of having more than a single thought or a single conversation of a single issue . 
  you can sell your house and move to an apartment . 
  i read a report a couple fo days ago , that said that the young people ( 15 year-old ) are drinking less and less . 
   do you think that men get turned away from the emergency room ? 
  not if you read in on reddit ... * inte om du l\u00e4st om det p\u00e5 reddit ... *, 
  hmm , why do i suddenly feel a bit like belgium ? 
  the other solution is to improve tehcnology to cater to a larger population . 
  it 's been done before . 
  you mean these two post below bring new info , but posts citing other polling institutes does not ? 
  can you please explain the reasoning behind that ? 
  * https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hty3a/antiimmigrant_sweden_democrats_now_the_biggest/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hn6j5/antiimmigration_party_swedish_democrats_biggest/, 
  do the other poll results also get delisted ? 
  really ? 
  what actual results are you referring to ? 
  no , but your claim that the new forest will be worse than the old is false , because they were created in the same manner . 
  you missed the point . 
  the new forest will be of the same type it replaces . 
  so , spain ? 
  your forest is our pasture . 
  the forests that are logged now was planted 70-100 years ago . 
  the trees cut down today were most probably planted or sown 70-100 years ago . 
  so there 's really no difference in type of forest . 
  police dropped the investigation . 
  are they german citizens now ? 
  `` the 44-year-old australian can still however be prosecuted for the more serious claim of rape . 
  that carries a ten-year statute of limitations and expires in 2020 . '', 
  rtfa . 
  it depends on the style of the text , formal or colloquial . 
  ` de ' and ` dom ' are both plural of ` den ' . 
  page 141 , column 3 , line 3 . 
  they are also listed as separate entries referring to ` den ' . 
  saol does not agree . 
  they include the word `` dom '' as colloquial . 
  they are importing swedes to work , no language and/or cultural problems . 
  according to this newspaper , richest by far . 
  might be the richest in the world , even . 
  i sek * -- 1 . 
   not shielding them from competition  if other companies could compete with them without having to buy licenses what he suggest is deregulation . 
   who suggested deregulating them ? 
  how about just not shielding them from competition ? 
  i.e deregulation . 
   is it any wonder that cabs are such a universally shitty experience ? 
  even where they are totally de-regulated ? 
  makes sense , thanks !, 
  sorry , i ment in texas specifically . 
  writing in both german and english helps me improve my german !, 
  is there a great distinction between marriage and partnership ? 
  so gays could marriage before this decision by the supreme court ? 
  here , here !, 
  so why is that even a consideration ? 
  just skip the languages you do n't understand . 
  you 're also a minority . 
   thank you , * true * friend  ftfy, 
   there 's no reason that a tax has to come from people who want to ride in a taxi , though . 
  you can gather taxes from any source you want , and in fact , if you want to redistribute wealth because you 're unhappy about the wealthy having gobs of money , a taxi tax is n't even a progressive tax . 
  the taxes comes from the earnings of the drivers , there 's not specific `` taxi tax '' ( that i know of ) . 
  there 's also the question of consumer rights and regulations , which we normally have quite a lot of . 
  which is renewable . 
  look at my post history . 
  sorry , not into nordic with that attitude . 
   every organisation goes through rough patches but the eu will see through  * every organization goes through rough patches but the eu will see through . 
  * ftfy * fdfd *, 
  are you from bergen ? 
  us media is where we get the cool words , one-liners and their pronunciation . 
  they are in eec and - perhaps even more relevant - in the esa . 
  i know , i know ...
