  very generic too , in a good way . 
  do they speak german when they meet ? 
  i do n't know merkels ' knowledge of french . 
  we never invadeed ukraine ? 
  only if you fly , and it 's hard to find cheap flights fri and sunday nights . 
   but we will see more storms , tzunamis , heatwaves , extreme coldness , floods etc. 
  in the next decade ( s ) . 
  do we ? 
  as far as i know , we have n't had any significant change so far , and it 's not certain if we will get more or less storms . 
  i believe the prediction of the future is very uncertain . 
  there are a number of postiive and negative feedback loops , and those we know are not well understood . 
  we have had a couple of billions of years with varying co2 levels , and the earth is still here . 
  we 're a competent spiece , we 'll manage without killing ourselves . 
  it depends on what you agree on . 
  instantly if you both chose . 
  for family homed it 's generally a couple of months until you pay the final sum of money and move in . 
  i ca n't see their navy being used to your advantage this time ... 
  oh , we can invade denmark any time , we do n't have to wait for the winter !, 
  i was referring to the invasion , which did n't take place through sweden but through denmark . 
  that 's right , iceman !, 
  i am dangerous, 
  oh come on , we said that in the 80s . 
  our liberals/liberterians want hand grenades to be classified as weapons . 
  i could n't find their stance on common european gun laws . 
  `` your ego is writing cheques your body ca n't cash '' fight me . 
  i suggest you learn english as a second language , so you can make yourself understood to tourists . 
  technically , they marched through denmark and then took color line directly to norway . 
  is there a new film ? 
  we watched [ the wave ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083316/ ) in school back in the days . 
  it was interesting , but ca n't remember much of it now . 
  yeah , probably the hansa . 
  i know we had a lot of german influence in swedish during the middle ages . 
  was there the same discintion between high and low german then ? 
  you ca n't just say that without linking !, 
  huh , to me it sounds nothing alike german . 
  are you from the north ? 
  plattdeutsch is sometimes ridiculous close to swedish . 
  remnants of svenska pommern or earlier ? 
  si , por favor !, 
  6-7 times a week . 
  on rest days i normally do n't shower, 
  about the last part , it 's already done in transportation for instance . 
  about $ 10 million in the us . 
  there 's some flood protection going on around g\u00f6teborg , but that 's more related to rain floods . 
  huh , til . 
   libertarian communist i. . . what ? 
  what is that ? 
  why ca n't i live there ? 
   once you exclude the gaeltachts ( irish speaking regions ) why would i exclude those ? 
  if i ended up there , i would probebly learn more irish , perhaps even to a b2 level . 
   keep in mind though that if you intend to spend the rest of your life there your kids would have to learn irish even though they remain in sweden ?? 
  i would probbaly learn som irish words , but it would depend on where in irleand i 'd live . 
  engineer is a protected term , just like medical doctor and lawyer normally is in other countries . 
  [ swedish bikini team says otherwise !, 
  ] ( https://assets3.thrillist.com/v1/image/1287180/size/tmg-article_tall;jpeg_quality=20.jpg ), 
  it 's hilarious !, 
  10/10 recommend . 
  [ to the longships !, 
  ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/438452.the_long_ships ), 
   my brain says norway because of oil but my heart and souls says finland . 
  thinking about new zealand next year with kids and wife . 
  for pleasure not for 20 + years . 
  for work not for 15 years . 
  been to the us and a day in morocco . 
  britain being a very important and large country , would probably be able to bend the rules . 
  or rather , change the direction of eu so that it caters to their wishes . 
  1527 , never forget . 
  it shows how big the ocean is , does n't it ? 
  actually , the four consecutive weeks can be negotiated away . 
  i think this happens for some categories such as medical personnel . 
  apart from narva , there 's always the time we walked across the frozen sea . 
  suprised the danes , and they were completely defeated . 
   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/march_across_the_belts, 
  i converted a few years ago to not rinse the dishes . 
  only when my wife ca n't see it of course ... 
  i was , but it stopped when it was made illegal . 
  i remember the discussions then on how parent 's now could n't control their children and how spoiled they wold be . 
  the same reasoning can be found today , 40 years later , in / r/parenting ... 
  yes , i 'm that old . 
  ok , which then ? 
  which of the varous indices do you consider politically motivated and which do you not consider poltically motivated . 
  no , this is definitely conspiracy , if you believe any stats made in europe is anti-american . 
  is this the american exceptionalism op refers to ? 
  i have my own piece of land . 
  it 's mine , and i like it there . 
  i 'm sure i would like living in another country as much if i were born there . 
  but i was n't . 
  i do n't think we think about american exceptionalism , i havent heard about it before joining reddit . 
  on the other hand , you ca n't just ignore them because they do n't show what you already `` know '' . 
  you can shout conspiracy when the result is not to your liking , but after a while nobody is going to believe you . 
  so , why do you think they have been adjusted to make america look bad ? 
  i wonder if the idea is that sweden should eventually rule the entire norden ? 
  since 2009 , there 's no ( new ) civil union or registered partnership in sweden . 
  there 's only marriage , and the laws about marriage does not mention the sex of the participants at all . 
  three levels are a bit too much , i think . 
  marriage and cohabitation are enough , and personlly i think cohab is legally a bit too close to marriage . 
  but it 's of course different in every country . 
  you read too much ribbing . 
  relevant username ... , 
  a written contract shows responsibility of commitment .
