  i did n't get that from the article . 
  not exactly comparable statistics but men use about 25 % of the paid parental leave , and women 75 % , in sweden . 
  yeah , no banter between sweden , norway , finland and the potatomouths here at all . 
   ~ ~ sweden ~ ~ swedistan ftfy edit : oops , forgot the / s. 
  i demand a re-count !, 
  ( again ... ), 
  oh , i 'm really sorry . 
  canadians , can you forgive me ? 
  i was kind of looking forward to shakira law , but so far , no luck . 
  an irish and a canadian telling me what happens in small , swedish villages . 
  reddit in a nutshell . 
  no , it 's not common in sweden . 
  is this \u00d6sel ? 
  they are built in the same ways as modern swedish wooden houses . 
  meh , chinese wages are on the rise . 
  wooden suburban houses are valuable in sweden at least . 
  also wooden houses by the sea . 
  http://www.novasol.se/site/nov/pictures/header-958x270/destination/752/sweden_bohuslan_fjallbacka.jpg in short , stop complaining about wooden houses . 
  convert to wood pellets ? 
  their highest poll was over a year ago . 
  not a sign of a growing party . 
  even themselves said there was a downward trend . 
  if you stare at a flat line , why do you call the party `` fastest growing '' ? 
  the growth was more than a year ago , since then flat or declining . 
  what a crap study . 
  most of the polling suggest they have declined ( or at least nit increased ) the last 18 months . 
  it 's nor rising anymore . 
  who runs that site ? 
  a charismatic/polished leader and people who are against current politics . 
  it 's not so much the immigration , but they are just against everything in general . 
  nobody believes sd will get 30 % in next election . 
  not true , recent election the online polls underestimated sd with almost the same amount as traditional polls . 
  sentio excepted . 
  well , these parties are n't risin ( in sweden ) . 
  they have been at this level for almost two years . 
  the connection to recent events is n't as strong as you think . 
  it happens two years ago , they have been at that level since . 
  senio have had them at 25 % for almost two years now . 
  alaska is about 17 % of the size of europe . 
   swiss direct democracy as a model . 
  ** not ** nordic at all . 
  i want my committees , ombudsm\u00e4n and unions . 
  who are the likely contenders for the socialists ? 
  then it 's not a vat , it 's a luxury tax . 
  and it needs a large base of commodities to be effective . 
  ( i.e. 
  raise money ) . 
  maybe new president will issue a late apology ? 
  maybe burn for heat and power ? 
  that 's why we have 50 % only , the rest is converted to energy . 
  landfills are basically banned . 
  you 're not , sweden have merged with denmark . 
  comparing education . 
  actually , they were n't scientifically studying anything , they did n't keep reliable records or performed rigorous experiment . 
  they just tortured people for fun . 
  nothing was gained . 
  when did germany overtake england/uk , i guess they were leading middle 19th century ? 
  an irrelevant metric in this case . 
  but fewer than sweden with iata-code ( 52 ) . 
  take that !, 
  no , it 's not really . 
  swedish police is pretty much right wing . 
  yes , so are the ones doing the demonstration , and the police in between . 
  yes , society takes the right to hold demonstrations very seriously . 
  are you saying that the society even has police protection to allow people to say what they want ? 
  is n't this demonstration evidence that in fact you can say what you think ? 
  prepare to be ridiculed , though . 
  borrow stuff , not money . 
  it 's a recent things . 
  north used to be all over the place , that 's why there was a big sign on the ap showing where north was . 
  if nobody can pay for anything , there wont be any food in the stores in the first place . 
  then you 're a leach . 
  so , pay your taxes . 
  not paying the taxes you owe , but you run away from your obligations . 
  not paying your debt . 
  well , i thought you meant onlyi was cashless . 
  when the electricity was gone in our supermarket , we could just write down what we bought . 
  cash was useless , they could n't get into their tills , oand they could n't check the prices of goods . 
  somehow , we survived . 
  so you 're stealing taxes from swedes ? 
  oh , you assumen there is no money at all ? 
  ok , then i 'll borow stuff from them . 
  the same way i would today , if i were out of cash/money . 
  a working society that protects you , take care of your sickness , and provides for you in your old age . 
  well , youre also a welfare recipient when you do n't pay any tax . 
  do youb think others should support you in any way ? 
  you talk to your friends , probably , and borrow money from them ? 
  no , that 's categorization . 
  he must be a north pole . 
  what 's the point of stereotypes , again ? 
  i did n't even know we had breeding programs for humans anymore . 
  nah , the just travelled over the water . 
  well , that 's a whole lot of stereotyping you got going there . 
  the us is # 43 . 
  yeah , we 're in a similar situation here . 
  the rest of europe protects their farming and do n't care about forestry . 
  the 're in awe of trees . 
  eesti can not into western europe . 
  not if you tilt the map a little . 
  thanks , fam .
