  there 's also seas and stuff separating some parts . 
  i think you should have a second look on a world map . 
  have n't realizability that , thanks for pointing it out . 
  are there plans to create eu-wide standards of reporting ? 
  and you probably do n't know what you are talking about . 
  who , incidentally , i , for one , welcome . 
  are n't we all , going back far enough ? 
  ~ ~ three ~ ~ two lithuianians have been arrested . 
  edit : the third woman was not lithuanian . 
   if a child breaks a rule and loses privileges what stops then re-breaking those rules again ? 
  their will to follow the rules . 
  punishment does not help . 
  who should decide what is child abuse ? 
  the state or the parent ? 
  actually , every state and country tells you what you can and ca n't do with your kid . 
  it set 's the limit . 
  child abuse gets you freed from your child . 
  the state tells you what is abuse and what 's not . 
  regardless of map color . 
  it 's from 2005 . 
  and it 's still legal in the us . 
  so , what do you consider the difference between slapping and spanking in france ? 
  is it clearly defined ? 
  also , how common is it to give your kid a mild slap ? 
  does n't seem that way , did n't find anything googling . 
  eventually they will come around . 
  hopefully soon . 
  just look at the number of countries banned it hte last ten years . 
   real world parenting is a lot more complex well , it 's good to know then that real world parenting without hitting your child has worked for 30-40 years in the nordic countries . 
  and it is actually enforced , socially . 
  hitting your kid will not get a knowing nod from your neigbour , but most certainly a worrying look for your kids well being . 
  todays parent were never hit when they grew up , and they do n't see the need to hit their kids . 
   children have to be taught to obey the rules . 
  respecting the property of others , solving problems without violence , and so on -- these are not natural human conditions . 
  people have to be trained to follow them . 
  people are not drilled animals . 
  children have to be taught compassion , respect , conflict solving and empaty . 
  hitting them wont help . 
  you teach kid by example , not by authority . 
  there 's actually a lot of research around this , and none that supports spanking , but many against . 
  `` being around children '' does n't really provide you with some special insight . 
  go ahead , break a leg !, 
  ^ or ^ a ^ spirit, 
   violence against children is abuse , but spanking is not violence . 
  using force and fear as punishment is child abuse . 
  i will probably live to see the day it 's outlawed in europe and canada , and perhaps in the us too . 
  i 'll give it 30 years . 
  i 'm old enough to remember the ban , and i also remember the same arguments . 
  which in a couple of years time will be a perfect vacation spot . 
   and sweden is shaped like a flaccid penis . 
  and once , it shall rise !, 
   jan pawe\u0142 ii said it 's absolutely haram ca n't tell if joke . 
  because you can not into nordic . 
  i approve of the above message . 
   but we actually do appreciate them . 
  really ? 
  but ... 
  why ? 
  yeah , a lot of norwegian garbage ... 
  if the first mosquito bites did n't kill you , the next one probably wont either . 
  we managed the previous waves of immigration without collapsing . 
   a real refugee is going to be happy being given a safe place to temporarily live in europe until syria is declared safe . 
  many refugees chose to build a new life , instead of living in limbo and waiting for the day that never comes . 
  suvlakia is a former greece city state . 
  did n't you know ? 
  no , becasue they do n't have permanent residency here . 
  eu free movement only applies if you can support yourself . 
  it 's because the swedish homeless people get taken care of by the swedish society , but not the romanians . 
  sweden : ,5 - 1 eur . 
  gas stations normally free , but with low standard ( e.g. 
  no changing table ) . 
  `` deepmind receives the nhs data under strict information governance rules , just like the other 1,500 recorded third-party organisations who have certification to process patient data at present . '', 
  if you 're going to develop a new ai , you need training data . 
  south of sk\u00e5ne got 20 cm snow last week . 
  here 's an answer from svt ( in swedish ) : http://www.aftonbladet.se/kultur/article22727655.ab, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54h3mnk8nkq english subtitles ( according to aftonbladet ) . 
  the link was waaaay down . 
  thanks , i guess they want to make sure they give a fair representation , now when it has been noticed . 
  so , why did svt chose not to shows this program ? 
  any news from their side ? 
  it was linked in the article . 
  my guess : `` after the union between sweden and norway was dissolved in 1905 , a committee of the norwegian government identified several princes of european royal houses as candidates to become norway 's first king of its own since 1387 . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haakon_vii_of_norway maybe some norwegian can explain better . 
  http://royalcentral.co.uk/blogs/insight/how-popular-are-europes-monarchies-33508 norway is probably the country most in favour of their monarchy in europe . 
  the following 12 monarchies exist in europe : principality of andorra , the kingdom of belgium , the kingdom of denmark , the principality of liechtenstein , the grand duchy of luxembourg , the principality of monaco , the kingdom of the netherlands , the kingdom of norway , the kingdom of spain , the kingdom of sweden , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the state of the vatican city . 
   in democracy people could get a ruler that they actually want . 
  in this democracy the pople decided that they wanted the king to continue be our head of state . 
  we also decided who 's next ( victoria ) . 
  if they screw up , i 'm sure the people would decide to chose another monarch ( or president ) , like we did 800 years ago . 
   plus our king is just too ~ ~ adorable ~ ~ harmless to dislike . 
  fdfd, 
  during the cold war the threat was higher , and we had a better army . 
  after soviet break up , the threat lessened and we minimized the military ( and subsequently removed conscription ) . 
  everybody that 's old enough to have been in the army knew we were worried about a russian invasion . 
  russia has been viewed as less/more threats to sweden for a couple of hundred years . 
  we 're kind of used to it . 
  the last 50 years or so we have relied not on being able to stop russia , but making it sufficiently difficult to invade us . 
  wait , did n't chechnya just change its name to czechia ? 
  no , it 's still the agreed upon definition . 
  it defines what a refugee is , not where they should live .
