  hunting is common if you go outside the city , and popular among those with relatives in the woods . 
  sweden , norway , finland , denmark , germany , west germany , east germany , the netherlands , belgium , england , wales , scotland , ireland , france , spain , switzerland , hungary and yugoslavia . 
  not if they speak english . 
   yes , and they also have people who speak romani , yiddish , finnish , and me\u00e4nkieli . 
  and arabic , , 
  yes , yes of course ... 
  who should you trust then ? 
  no-one ? 
  you ca n't have a society without trust . 
  i suppose when the government does n't do exactly as they want , some people call that corruption . 
  [ sometimes , it turns out alright . 
  i always correct them ( politely of course ) and try to speak swedish to them . 
  at our office we have people from china , germany , italy , iran etc. 
  most people speak english to them , even though they speak good swedish . 
  when we voted against changing the traffic to right-hand side in 1955 . 
  12 years later , we changed anyway . 
  same here , i have to admit . 
  i have no idea what they are voting for , or why . 
  mostly thin slabs . 
  and kebab of course . 
  also bacon and egg is somewhat popular . 
  or steak and b\u00e9arnaise sauce, 
  why and end state ? 
  i prefer eu to change according to members wishes , slowly , so that we still co-operate but less or more depending on what the citizens want . 
  hey , are you and / u/gayhindus the same person ? 
  still ? 
  i do n't know , was it ever ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  our movies about the military is nothing like top gun , but more like [ repm\u00e5nad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4unwjt23zzg ) or [ nionde kompaniet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ec27d30ho-k ), 
  relevant user name ? 
  madeiera perhaps ? 
  what time of year are you going ? 
  you only pay child support if you do n't take care of the kid . 
  and that , you should . 
  you are not the main star in your life anymore , when you have a kid . 
  he/she needs help . 
  so , no . 
  so , what 's the relationships between shit posters / u/gayhindus and / u/gayhindu _ ? 
  please close the door . 
  there is , yes . 
  we have a very open government . 
  is that good or bad for personal freedom ? 
  still ? 
  new law from 1999 made buying sex illegal in sweden , it was previously not illegal . 
  selling sex is legal in norway , denmark , sweden and finland . 
  buying sex is legal in denmark and finland . 
  let 's just say a lot has changed in the last 30 years , and if getting high/drunk is the main problem , we live in a pretty decent time !, 
  you 're right , we have limitations of drug ( ab - ) use that some countries do n't have . 
  is that really what you think of when writing `` personal freedoms and such '' ? 
  not abortion rights , marriage rights , sexual rights , religious rights , free speech , but how easy it is to get high/drunk ? 
  yes , the all-important weed question . 
  are you going to mention systembolaget also ? 
  / s what more do you have ? 
  gustavus adolphus did n't die for this !, 
  did you know that some us states have race on the drivers license ? 
  what could possibly be the use for that ... 
  really ? 
  what would good examples of that be then ? 
  should n't sweden be red then ? 
  a coalition of the left ? 
  same here . 
  do you watch karl-bertil though ? 
  how wold you feel if we suspend shit post from the five most prolific us shit posters ? 
  it 's mostly intelligent people that move to the us , there 's apparently a lack of those there . 
  well , we have a couple of in-house american trolls , and this was there style . 
  egypten , tyskland ( germany ) , frankfurt , frankrike ( france ) , paris , amerika , new york , etc , etc , etc. 
  mostly farms and minor villages . 
  or moving to bollebygd , skene , horred , lindome or other small cities on the countryside . 
  the idea that people are still leaving ( net amount ) the rural areas fort the big cities is n't true anuymore . 
  maybe it seems that way if your 25 and going to the university , but people also move in the other direction . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're point is , but my point is that the rural areas are n't decreasing in population . 
  yes , but that 's not really what the statistics say . 
  rural populations is stable . 
  that 's not how i remember the statistics . 
  do you have a source ? 
  actually , the growth in the cities is almost completely due to immigration . 
  http://www.scb.se/sv_/hitta-statistik/artiklar/urbanisering--fran-land-till-stad/ rural areas are not decreasing . 
  darn , forgot abut 1809 !, 
  well , i doubt he/she knows what he/she talks about . 
  what poll was that ? 
  not formally , but we have military co-operation with nato . 
  and we have always expected an attack coming from the east , for the last 100 + years . 
  edit : i forgot , i also prefer us to not be allied with the us, 
  only way into nordic ... 
  or cruijff . 
  you sure ... ? 
  it 's kind of counter intuitive that the blond bombshells flock around the ** gay ** vikings . 
  but who am i to judge ? 
  norway . 
  oh , i love your chocolate and alps !, 
  it 's not rising , it 's pretty stable since ~ ~ 2 years ~ ~ 18 months . 
  http://novus.se/valjaropinionen/novus-poll-of-polls/ it 's the yellow party . 
  i 'm curious , do you youself live in a city ? 
  city people in sweden ( especially in sthlm ) get their news from city media , they meet and work with city people . 
  they generally see the countryside as a place to visit , where the important stuff is the nature , and the hobos living there as backwards and uneducated . 
  not surprisingly , there is a divide . 
  only by young university students . 
  you should get out more . 
  the one made in usa or the one made in czechia ? 
  only immature americans find it funny .
