  not even you southerners ? 
   how about on the other side of the border , in slesvig ? 
  impress you friends , watch the seventh seal/sjunde inseglet . 
  it 's pretty good , and a classic . 
  also ` fucking \u00c5m\u00e5l ' , great film about swedish youth outside the big cities . 
  a political film , ` varg ' gives a different view on the wolfs of northern sweden . 
  have you watched anything by roy andersson ? 
  i think you should post in / r/telleurope instead . 
  really , i 've heard it used and used it myself so often it has taken over from besserwisser . 
  maybe i 'm too old , the usage started in my teens . 
  same here , only heard him mentioned on reddit . 
  nobody knows who he is . 
  petter northug is probably the most well known norwegian here . 
  or maybe skavlan . 
  ` messerschmidt ' is a good word for a know-it-all . 
  ` baks\u00e4tesf\u00f6rare ' is equivalent to backseat driver . 
  it 's good for our export industry . 
  eagerly awaiting the price in norway . 
  they come to sweden to shop cheap booze . 
  europeans do n't even use miles for distances , so i assume it 's something an american made up . 
  ever had jelly from rowan berries ? 
  that 's also good to meat . 
  does that taste sweet to you ? 
  i 'm told swedes like sweet food , though . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  lingonberry jam is used more like cumberland sauce . 
  i urge you to try it at least once to meat and potatoes . 
  mm , everything tastes better when fried in butter . 
  egg , fish , meat . 
  somebody apparently won the lotto ... , 
  a nicely aged [ grev\u00e9 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grev%c3%a9 ) on a toast with generous amount of butter , and a cup of coffe . 
  best breakfast ever . 
  stop lying to yourself , you 're not on us soil when you visit a us embassy in a foreign country . 
   as us diplomatic missions and us military bases are officially considered american soil no . 
  here 's the excerpt from the above linked regulations . 
  `` c. definitions the following definitions apply for purposes of this subsection : 1 . 
  united states the 50 states , the district of columbia , and the northern mariana islands ; '', 
  what are those countries ? 
  eh , it 's ok . 
  broken german is n't that hard ( for a northern bro ) . 
  u jelly bro ? 
  neither kebab nor pizza is swedish . 
  does coffee count ? 
  kebabpizza is good too . 
  nobody is impressed by your meta discussion . 
  no , but should speak what you think , instead of being sarcastic . 
  well then , it 's common to be wrong . 
  the actual polls shows a different view . 
  from 2006 to 2015 , the age group 35-44 was the most pro eu in sweden . 
  meh , we did it -58 . 
  we had to disolve into separate countries first . 
  hmm , maybe . 
  a single nordic union would n't however accomplish much when it comes to integration/cooperation . 
  a federal europe would be a more grand project , which i assume federalistas would enjoy . 
  the broad public does n't really want any more federative initiative . 
  i really , really doubt that . 
  do you know of any polls ? 
  we already have https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_passport_union which i assume is similar to benelux ? 
   seriously , we 'd never merge into a single country , but some sort of closer union would n't be unthinkable . 
  sort of like eu is now . 
  said the man who summaries what askeurope thought about america in a few quotes . 
   i remember endless drives through forests . 
   did n't you know , europe is so small 100 miles is a large distance !, 
  there 's also bus tours , e.g. 
  an all inclusive trip to a european city for a couple of days/a week . 
  used to be common mode for ski trip 's to the alps ( lot of baggage make flying expensive ) , but i do n't know if that 's still popular . 
  used to be popular taking a road trip around scandinavia with a camper , but not so much now . 
  yes , spain ( algeciras ) to marocco ( tangier ) , if i recall correctly . 
  edit : quite a few , apparently . 
  map included below : http://www.andalucia.com/travel/ferry/home.htm, 
  probably more the lack of `` events '' would indicate a more stabel europe and thus better chance for us wanting to join the euro . 
  i offer a switch . 
  we win the euro , and we 'll take some of your depression ? 
  huh , i was told in school the marshall plan helped rebuild europe . 
  we were n't directly involved , i believe , so there were n't much discussion at all . 
  http://forums.moneysavingexpert.com/showthread.php?t=5483446 from google, 
  today you learned . 
  added link just for you . 
  [ rednex , cotton eye joe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcdy8heg1qy ), 
  who are `` they '' and where is `` there '' ? 
  do you think the offended people know the intended meaning ? 
  err on the safe side , try to be polite . 
  you know it is offensive to others , though ? 
  if you know it to be offensive to others , maybe do n't be offensive ? 
  in that case it 's more like a storage bin than a melting pot , if every individual keeps distinct . 
  agree on schwerin !, 
  reddit is young and urban , so you wo n't find your answers here . 
  so , maybe do n't say offensive things to other people ? 
  if it really were a melting pot , why are you so anxious to differentiate yourself as coming from somewhere else ? 
  it sounds more like forced closedness than integration . 
  finland , except for the finnish language . 
  norway close second , i think . 
  decimeter ( dm ) are widely used for measuring , for example snowfall . 
  hektogram ( hg ) are used when buying cold cuts and the finer cheese . 
  widely used in sweden : yesterday we got 2 dm of snow . 
  not generally , if you by cowboy mean the original live-stock pushing type . 
  kebabpizza of course . 
  swedish massage , no . 
  it 's like sport massage . 
  thai massage , i 'm not so sure ... never had .
