  take that , danskj\u00e4vlar ... 
  no , it 's ours !, 
  go away , or our knug will force you into a union once again . 
   our liberals drift between the center-left and center-right . 
  a narrow strait ? 
  vancouver shoud have similiar weather to southern norway/swedish west coast i believe . 
  i 'd definitely go canadian . 
  kalles kaviar , a spread made ( partly ) from fish eggs . 
  lingonsylt , goes with almost anything meaty , such as meatballs , potatoes and sauce . 
  i 've always prefered usians . 
  same word order as german ? 
  you do realize that i 'm explaining our swedish terms to you ? 
  balt is swedish , not english . 
  that you still chose to misinterpret what i wrote leads me to believe you still do n't get it . 
  balt is not a linguistic term . 
  an neither is vikings or eastern european . 
  who , besides you , were using linguistics ? 
  eastern europe and vikings are n't linguistic terms , you know . 
  neither is baltic , balt or baltl\u00e4nder . 
  the statistics they refer to is from sweden as a whole , not stockholm . 
  the article does n't seem to be able to differentiate . 
  only gives the wrong impression if you 're determined to misunderstand . 
  you know , people can discuss other things than linguistics when it comes to how we view other people . 
  we dont divide the baltics by linguistics , but by political/geographical terms . 
  you are the only one speaking about linguistics . 
  the requirement to get a grade in pe , you must be able to swim 200 m , of which 50m on your back ( backstroke ) at age 15 . 
  yes , baltl\u00e4nder isnt about language . 
  did you think it was ? 
  i know what we call them , that 's pretty much it . 
  `` balter '' , togeteher with lettland and litauen . 
  that 's why the whole `` esti into nordic '' is so perplexing . 
  do you ? 
  i said , `` you 're one of the three baltic countries ( baltl\u00e4nder ) to us . '' . 
  there 's nothing there about language , that was your misunderstanding . 
  no need , i know what i wrote . 
  do you ? 
  who said anything about a linguistic group ? 
  i think the use of swedish terms is best left to swedes how to define . 
  to swedes , they are . 
  i guess you do n't like that , huh ? 
  not really , you 're one of the three baltic countries ( baltl\u00e4nder ) to us . 
  in sweden , only vikings . 
  ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ shakira ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ law . 
  yes , estonian slavs too . 
  being born and lived in cities along the coast , i ` he seen it . 
  but i never had the longing for it , i prefer the interiors . 
  there 's a book by swedish author dan korn called `` de som aldrig sett havet '' ( thos who never seen the sea ) . 
  he located and interviewed people on the swedish countryside who lived `` old-style '' lives , and never travelled . 
  it 's about one hour by car , btw . 
  them eastern europeans all sound alike . 
  hey , that 's cultural appropriation !, 
  there 's always been big cultural split between young and old . 
  it was there when i was young , and it 's still there . 
  but , of course , who is young and who is old have changed . 
  it 's easy to overstate the importance of your own time . 
  is n't politics mostly about identity , though ? 
  kd for christians , s for workers , c for farmers ? 
  nice tradition , i do n't think we have any flags on our side of the border though . 
  why the nordic flags , though ? 
  they hid in the basement . 
  you do n't have to be rich , just spend some money on private health care insurance . 
  it 's about 200-400 sek/month depending . 
  next year , it 's up to 21 and 2018 it wil be 23 . 
  alerady a few regions have higher limits ( v\u00e4stra g\u00f6taland , 24 \u00e5r e.g. ), 
  snow , cold and cuddle ? 
  dalarna sounds like the place to go . 
  ample time for cuddling , i 'm sure . 
  gr\u00f6velsj\u00f6n is pretty remote . 
  no , but sometimes in some places the fire brigade wo n't go without police escort . 
  i guess half of those accounts are n't even british . 
  pretty much the same as hm . 
  6 ) take a long , slow , relaxing day outside of the cities . 
  3 ) how much whipped cream would you want with your strawberries . 
  `` mmm . . 
  4 ) i do n't think we are that much more outdoorsy than the rest of northern europe . 
  although , historically we have had a large percentage of self-owning farmers , and the forest has always been a source of income . 
  the allemansr\u00e4tt were popularised in the 30 ` same as a way to have something to do in the newly in stated mandatory 2 weeks vacation . 
  you can camp out of sight for one night , if you do n't ruin the place/litter etc. 
  1 ) yes , it happens . 
  we even left our kids outside our house to sleep sometimes . 
  it 's cosy in the stroller , even in winter . 
  2 ) fika can be anything from a cup of coffe to a full blown cookie and cake buffet . 
  so , workdays there 's the morning and afternoon fika , often just coffee . 
  fridays we usually take turn to bring cookies though . 
  have these calcualtions been done for other socioeconomic groups ? 
  what does an drug addict cost the society , for instance ? 
  or an alcoholic who ca n't hold a job ? 
  are we talking about the `` a-lagare '' ? 
  or the `` knarkare '' ? 
  with their complete lack of spritmonopol !, 
  greetings , fellow third worlders . 
  is n't the money from migrationsverket used to pay for the school and medican bills ? 
  or has an agenda . 
  i think we can fit an \u00e5 in there . 
  the iclusion of mp in the riksdag has n't got anything to do with the swedish model . 
  it 's more the understanding between cooperations and government that 's the core of the model . 
  we had a good run for a few decades , but i do n't think we in the long term are significantly better than the other nordics . 
  captain sweden sets up meetings , and brings fika !, 
  what would you like a federation to handle ? 
  to what extent would we be united ?
