  he killed and imprisoned socialists and communists and social democrats . 
  did they teach he was a socialist in school ? 
  what country did you go to school in ? 
  as i said , there 's a lot of things from different ideologies in there , which does not make hitler leftist . 
  they taught us he was nazi . 
  what did they teach you ? 
  and in what country was that ? 
  there 's `` connection '' to a lot of political ideologies in there . 
  not that it really matters , because in the thirties he changed politics . 
  did they teach you he was left in school ? 
  what country do you live in ? 
  so , your countryman in the thread that thought hitler was left was n't really listening in school . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  there was nothing in the article suggesting that . 
  where did you get this info ? 
  because they are white trash ? 
  they teach he was a nazi . 
  what do they teach in polish schools ? 
  do you have an example of that ? 
  no he was n't . 
  is that what they teach you in polish school ? 
  what books have you read and what history professors have you listened to that claimed hitler was left ? 
  yup , all the good guys from lithuania , romania and bulgaria are a-ok !, 
  there always a scapegoat , and right now it 's syrians . 
  everybody knows this , only young libertarians feel the need to point it out explicitly . 
  famn , those pesky danish snubbing us again !, 
  do you have a link to any serious criticism ? 
  i guess danish is ok ? 
  broken , manual over ride , out of comission due to repair . 
  the same thing that could happen in 2015 and 2017 . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/punktf%c3%b6rmige_zugbeeinflussung, 
  there is vitamin d added in all dairy that is not whole fat ( e.g skimmed milk ), 
  germans and iranians , norwegians and pakistani . 
   as i understand it from the wording , it seems it is how many pupils are foreign as in they themselves came from another country , not just that their parents did . 
  so , it 's nationality and not ethnicity ? 
  `` pupils are categorised as ` danish ' if at least one of their parents is a native dane or if they were born in denmark . '', 
  are they reporting nationality or ethnicity ? 
  any danes care to look into it ? 
  apparently , as it 's in the header . 
  did aaron sorkin write this ? 
  nordic can into eesti ? 
  over the spelling , it happens . 
  significant political change is not going to happen in a democracy . 
  it is always slow and hopefully steady . 
  well , they sponsored our fibre here on the countryside . 
  so 100/10 in the middle of nowhere . 
  as long as those with less disposable income have more kids , i ca n't agree . 
  it 's not the disposable income as much as it\u00e4 career and maturity that decides when middle class spawns . 
  delaying is not that big an issue , it 's the total number . 
  you mean conscripts ? 
  russia and maybe israel comes to mind . 
  the conscripted armies of europe has mostly been set up as defence forces , and luckily there has n't been much invasion of those countries . 
  it 's more forested , but the other land uses i also consider green . 
  true . 
  actually about four plants for every tree is closer to truth . 
  for the last half century or so , larger parts of sweden have become forested , and there 's more trees per forest area . 
  forestation is due to the fact that we can produce food more efficiently now , less land is needed and the unneeded land is either left to its own device , or replanted . 
  in sweden most people prefer the open agricultural land to forests for estethic reasons , i wonder how it is in continental europe ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're around 100 years off . 
  in the first decade of 1900 , large parts of southern sweden was crop or pasture , and that 's when we started planting those agricultural areas with trees . 
  which has since been harvested and replanted . 
  you do know that north africa imports a lot of sawn wood , from northern europe and north america ? 
  poor people have more kids . 
  major countries go to war all the time , it seems . 
  no nukes have been flying in the latest wars of russia , us , uk . 
  not that a nuke cares if there 's a civilian , conscript or mercenary in its path . 
   the modern finnish army has never been tested in battle . 
  having a modern army does n't mean you have to fight wars all the time . 
  the russian army relies on conscripts , btw . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's very possible to have a modern army built on conscription . 
  finland is one example . 
  sweden 30 years ago, 
  do you know if civilian roles such as firefighting , medical , social work are/were available for the dutch conscripts ? 
  here 's an overview : http://freakonomics.com/2011/06/10/the-rich-vs-poor-debate-are-kids-normal-or-inferior-goods/, 
  obviously . 
  i 'm asking what roles are available . 
  the other way around , the richer you get the fewer kids you have . 
  it 's not the number of years available that is the problem , it 's that they do n't want to . 
  good call . 
  what kind of non-combatant roles are/were available to conscripts ? 
  well , this was brought up to compare with immigrants and crime , so the problem with causation is the same . 
  oh , so you get a free pass ? 
  that 's pretty much what is done now . 
  what do you have to offer ? 
  if you 're poor , why do you expect to stay ? 
  i would rather throw out my wealthy cousin who behaves like shit , than a new guest who behaves . 
  i would rather get rid of a fellow villager who behaves like shit , than a traveller from far away that does not . 
  there 's really no were to deport refugees either . 
  why only immigrants ? 
  could n't we deport all poor and criminals ? 
  the statistics clearly show that the poorer you are , the greater chance you commit a crime . 
  i had about $ 40k loans when i graduated . 
  right now the interest is around 2 % , and you pay 4 % of your income every year . 
  it 's down to 15k now , i believe . 
  sort as controversial ... , 
  if it were to be implemented in sweden , i think it would start out as broadening the maintenance assistance , and remove some requirements ( such as no assets ) . 
  here 's an english summary of maintenance assistance today . 
  please note that you do n't get a fixed amount , but the basic stuff . 
  so , single dad with six kids gets quite a lot . 
  so , either basic income will be as high as that , or he would have to apply for extras .
