  or the fact that in some cases it 's taxed in the country where they generate the revenue ? 
  does n't seem very well written . 
  avoding being invaded is n't a `` strictly financial outcome '' . 
  yes , sweden was pro-allied , but officially neutral . 
  sk\u00e5ne , southern-most sweden . 
  used to be danish until 350 years ago . 
  their regional flag is a mix of the swedish and danish ones . 
  they are still not considered 100 % swedish . 
  except zlatan , of course . 
  your nationality is stated in your passport , not something that you can consider yourself . 
  it 's the flag of scania . 
  not at all , most of the time you select one nationality and stick with it . 
  portugal have similar levels to denmark and norway , about 10 % lower . 
  i do n't understand why you believe portugal has many , many times lower suicide rates . 
  you have been told by / r/europe that swedes thinks danes are racists xenophobes ? 
  i do n't think that 's really an unbiased view . 
  blind faith in people on the internet is n't exactly something you should feel proud about . 
  thanks for the info . 
  yeah , i guess your a bit biased . 
   i do n't think `` they spanked their children occationally , with no signs of physical harm or bruises '' is enough to seperate children from their parents . 
  says the parents . 
  i would like to know the other side too , perhaps there were other issues , or that they were toold to change their ways ? 
  continuing spanking of your children will get you into trouble . 
  any norwegian sources ? 
  maybe they tried other methods first , but the parents continued ? 
  about 5 % of all children inswden are spanked , unfortunately . 
  still not the consistently highest . 
  average for oecd actually . 
   they still are living in their little greenhouse kindergarten , in their little sandbox world . 
  what does that even mean ? 
   you left out finland , ** belgium ** and iceland which are one of the highest . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_europe well , if it 's beisdes the point , perhaps you should n't perpetrate myths of the consistently high suicide rates in northern europe . 
  the following countries outside northern europe have a higher suicide rate than sweden and ireland : france , lithuania , estonia , austria , croatia , hungary , serbia , slovenia , czechia , belgium , latvia . 
  in addition , the following countries have higher suicide rates than norway and denmark : germany , switzerland , slovakia , romania , bulgaria , bosnia . 
  portugal have higher suicide rate than the uk . 
  clearly no consistency . 
  ( i might have missed a country . ), 
   north europe even with their great governments and social systems still have consistently the highest depression and suicide rates . 
  so , we do n't have consistently the highest suicide rate , as you claimed . 
  as you say , the drinking pattern is different . 
  social drinking is more common in france , i guess due to the bad weather . 
  / s basically this thread is full of myths and conjecture , contrary to facts . 
  it 's the same way with most clothing . 
  why do so many men were a suit ? 
  culture . 
  15 , this was hard . 
  was there an error in map at the question regarding slovenia ? 
  we do ban dangerous and unhealthy food , through food regulations . 
  france has higher death rate due to alcohol than sweden . 
  come on , sweden and ireland have the same suicide rate according to who !, 
  yes , i had similar situation with stibor , but it was many years ago it was possible to get those rates . 
  for new lenders it 's not really relevant . 
  in the countryside , there 's lot of cheap houses . 
  the commute is a bitch , though . 
  that graph does not take into acount how many poeple live in each apartment , and how many apartments that are teared down . 
  this is planned for g\u00f6teborg : http://karlatornet.com/?page_id=5, 
   the riksbank seems to see that negative interest has led to banks lending recklessly and people fleeing into property . 
  so i guess the only way to deflate the bubble one way or another is to stop that and go back to low positive interest . 
  the mortgage rate is no different now , than when we had low positive interest . 
  negative interest does not apply to mortgages . 
  booze and drugs , mostly . 
  either the victim , the perpetrator or the bystanders . 
  often all three . 
  it 's happening at every festival in sweden since before the current wave of immigrants . 
  this is nothing new . 
  here 's a swedish news from five years ago . 
  http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=1646&amp;artikel=5072822 thirteen sexual assaults , and thirty assault . 
  fifteen years ago , more rapes . 
  bulgarians are very common in g\u00f6teborg , camping on parking lots and begging in the streets . 
  the original comments i responded to wanted to devote * less * rescources to a group . 
  it 's like denying * all * romanians entry to canada , because you do n't want the hassle of juding them separately . 
  instead , they ban pictures of breastfeeding . 
  the horror . 
   luckily america 's founding fathers understood this point . 
  that 's a very subjctive proposition . 
  exactly , that 's why we judge each immigrant individually and let those with reasonable cause enter . 
  we do not send them away due to what their other countrymen do , but we help those we feel deserve it regardless of their origin . 
  instead of general visa-free access , romanians have to apply for a visa and are treated as individuals . 
  so we should n't allow americans into europe ? 
  / s i think you forgot how sexuality and gender were seen in just two-three generations ago in the west . 
  if you think polls can be proven to be accurate/inaccurate , i do n't think you can lecture me on statistics . 
   are we discussing which party is polled as the largest , or if support for sd is polled as declining or increasing ? 
  as it happens , yougov has the largest decline since november for sd . 
  yes , and all the others that rely on random sampling instead of self reporting , does not have them as the largest party . 
  however , the lowering of support is across the board on all polls . 
  there is no acceleration of support for sd , quite the contrary . 
  tyl nothing . 
  what kind of grouping do you suggest ? 
  color of their skin , language they speak , nation they are from ? 
  alternatively , we could treat each person individually , regardless of ethnicity or religion . 
  gangs of new york ? 
  yesterday 's poll showed that sverigedemokraterna have lowered their support since november . 
  source : partisympatiunders\u00f6kningen , scb . 
  would you swap your freedom for free cable tv ? 
  well , and engineer educated in syria have enough qualification to get a job in sweden , in an engineering field . 
  tax havens such as estonia and bulgaria ? 
  eesti not quite into nordic . 
   is it possible to produce stuff using something else than wood , you know , how about we talk about the root cause ?!, 
  you do it all the time with energy alternatives of course . 
  we can use plastics from oil , or the finite natural resources steel and cement .
