  it was more than 4 years ago , btw . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was the law , and when i check with l\u00e4nsstyrelsen they say `` no lone horses '' . 
  you can in some cases use other animals such as cows or sheep as companions . 
  not really true , in my experience . 
  upvote for effort . 
  i think splitting languages wo n't work . 
  i wonder what the turkmen did to the drawers 's wife ? 
  as a tax-loving swede , i think this was a badly written article : * it does n't mention the difference in employee tax ( 32 % in sweden ) * property tax is now a `` property fee with a maximum '' ( semantics ... ) , and if you live in the countryside , you wont reach the max and still have a 1,5 % fee . 
  comercial property has normal property tax . 
  * the rot-avdrag has been lowered , you only get a 30 % discount since 2016 , and it 's only on the work itself , not materials . 
  i do n't mind our welfare state , but this is n't a good description of its pros . 
  not if your an employee . 
  thanks for the write-up . 
  life expectancy goes down because a lot of the poor infants die in the us . 
  according to what list ? 
  killed per driven km would be a better stat , i believe . 
  nah , still plenty of ore . 
  just want to thank you for the enlightening read . 
  immigrations are my least favourite part of travel . 
  would n't that upset our friend putin ? 
  or are there already bases in the baltics ? 
  ( i have no idea about nato ), 
  really ? 
  hmm , maybe we should bring them some freedom , euro style . 
   your hdl cholesterol goes up ( bad kind ) insulin goes up ( leading to diabetes/insulin resistance ) as well as the amount of calories your store as fat as result of eating sugar due to the insulin response . 
  i grabbed a study from the heap : `` results -- the greatest reduction in weight and a1c occurred within the first 3 months . 
  weight loss occurred faster in the low-carbohydrate group than in the low-fat group , but at 1 year a similar 3.4 % weight reduction was seen in both dietary groups . 
  there was no significant change in a1c in either group at 1 year . 
  there was no change in blood pressure , but a greater increase in hdl was observed in the low-carbohydrate group '' hdl went up ( the most ) with low-carb . 
  there 's lots of studies showing there 's no diff between low-fat and low-carb diets . 
  and in either case , the weight loss are normally just a coupler of kg 's , which is good but not that relevant for obesity . 
   compare studies studying different types of ad-lib diets . 
   one problem you 're going to face there , though , is that the only diets who even dare to be ad-lib ( `` eat as much as you want but not just anything '' ) are low-carb . 
  it 's not easy to compare diets , if you only allow one type of diet . 
   theres about 100,000 people in the low carb world who could testify to the validity of the satiation difference between carb heavy diets and fat heavy diets with first hand evidence . 
  well , of course . 
  if they could n't , they would n't belong in the low carb world . 
  i prefer science , before testimonials . 
  any method of restricting one type of food ( that you would otherwise eat ) works pretty well . 
  ask vegetarians , for instance . 
  yes , the study is n't perfect , but still i have n't seen any research that shows that carbs are worse than fat when it comes to satiety . 
   for the simple reason that per calorie , they do n't sate nearly as much as fat and protein . 
  it was that thing that i disagreed with , and research i 've seen suggests otherwise . 
  carbs and fat is about equal . 
  it 's not a well researched area , and i do n't think the current state of knowledge will hold either . 
  we put a lot of sugar in almost everything , and yet we 're not fatter than average in the eu , quite the contrary . 
  maybe the sugar/fat relation is n't that important at all ? 
  what is your source for satiating index of different food ? 
  holt ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7498104 ) reported that boiled potatoes ( basically just carbs ) was the most satiating per calorie . 
  the satiating varies from food to food , even with the same composition . 
  as a general rule , protein satisfies the most , and fat/carb is about equal . 
  idiotf\u00f6rklarad - called an idiot ( often indirectly ) / looked down upon i 'm not sure , i think he comments on the fact that every minority languages seems to claim the amount of speakers are more numerous than what he finds , and that this is interpreted as he is downplaying the language . 
  read the comments to this article , and you get the idea . 
  racial profiling fell out of vougue during the 1940s ( we were quite good at it before that , though ) and have n't really came back . 
  that 's why some countries ( e.g. 
  germany and sweden ) do not gather this kind of information . 
  well , it is n't . 
  have a look in wikipedia . 
  i find this interesting , if you have any more info so i could look it up i 'll appreciate it . 
  btw , welcome to sweden . 
  i get that they would ask what language you prefer your forms in , but race ? 
  really , that surprises me . 
  what form/in what context was that ? 
  * uk - rolls royce * finland - nokia * denmark - b&o * norway - statoil * iceland - brenniv\u00edn * germany - krupp * belgium - stella artois, 
  close . 
  but no : http://spraktidningen.se/blogg/har-ar-20-storsta-spraken-i-sverige, 
  note that after fininsh and arabic , bosnia/serbia/kroatia is the next largest language ( group ) . 
  these are all around 0,5-2 % of the swedish speaking . 
  i ca n't see a big change recently . 
  are you saing that the finnish needlessly did override the historical layout of sweden ? 
  sweden also used to include ( most of ? ), 
  what is now finland , and thus finnish used to be a language spoken in large parts of sweden . 
  the above refers to language only , sorry i was n't clear . 
  what was the reason for cancellation ? 
  the packages are not scanned by robots for minature radation symbols , and no human would mistake it for a serious warning . 
  belgium , italy , japan , norway , portugal , south korea , czech republic and germany does not . 
  estonia , india , mexico , new zealand , south africa , australia , finland , france , canada , switzerland , and the united states does . 
  ( source parkvall 2009 ) . 
  edit : above refers to polling/registering language . 
  no , the textile workers from mid -1900 are dying , and their kids are integrating . 
  it 's rare to hear finnish being spoken even around bor\u00e5s nowadays . 
  ~ ~ from his previous studies , no . ~ ~ i was wrong . 
  it is included ( from 2012 ) : http://spraktidningen.se/blogg/har-ar-20-storsta-spraken-i-sverige, 
  a 175 page presentation from 2009 by the author ... http://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:225395/fulltext03.pdf, 
  we 're not keen on registering people 's religion , ethnicity , political views or ( apparenlty ) their mother tounge . 
  judging from your username , i guess you 're from the us ? 
  we do n't do that kind of polls here . 
  here 's the article in english , in case you have n't found it yet . 
  http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=6404320 there 's no official statistics , but some estimation based on 2012 data and ... eh ... * recent events * . 
  here 's a five year old intevriew with the linguistic behind the claim . 
  damn right !, 
  til typical american comecdy . 
  it 's not cheap to build and maintain a electrical network . 
  for small users like you , the actual energy you use is a small part of the cost . 
  who are the `` we '' ? 
  everyone in the us ? 
  the users define the language . 
  mayeb you should n't form your political views from reddit ? 
  someone reported it to him ( anyone can do that ) , and they have to deiced what to do with it every report from the public .
