  i see you want to make this about immigrants and how they will sink sweden . 
  you doubt that we have been progressive for almost a century ? 
  i see you buy the `` sweden under attack '' - narrative . 
  im sorry , but it 's not worse than we had previously . 
  and there 's still no unlimited immigration . 
  our progressiveness has been going on for amost a century , why should it change now ? 
  hunting is pretty big actually . 
  we are far ahead in progressiveness , but the world will follow eventually . 
  ( ducks for cover ), 
  unless there 's a war , it 's not hard to be neutral . 
  cooperation with other armies is ( battlegroup nordic ) etc can hardly be considered non-neutral . 
  as long as there 's no agreement of what happens at war . 
  being neutral is something you chose for each conflict , e.g. 
  sweden wasnt neutral in the finnish winter war , but in the rest of ww2 . 
  stupid immigrants taking our girls !, 
  i can hear their dogs . 
  and sometimes i can hear their chainsaw . 
   so yeah , to summarize i would look at the cause of the problem , rather than the symptom . 
  so , you are n't really concerned with income equality ? 
  it 's not something you directly want to change ? 
  what is your goal , how much income equality do you think we should aim for ? 
  you suggest that there are two options , none or unlimited . 
  which do you want ? 
  if we do n't know the goal , which direction is the correct one ? 
  no , i did not ask that . 
  as long as we do n't know what we 're aiming for , why should we celebrate lower income equality ? 
  well , what 's the target for income equality ? 
  can it be too small ? 
  because we are . 
  how small is small enough ? 
  do you also use falukorv , or is it another kind ? 
  thanks , just goes to show that this period of our history is n't that important ( at least to me ) . 
  we do n't mention him that much at all . 
  we fought out last wars against him if i remember correctly . 
  and lost , i think . 
  bert karlsson and ian wachtmeister started ny demokrati and got some seats in the parliament . 
  they were a bit like sd is now , but more hilarious . 
  kik and sms . 
  also email ( yes , i 'm old ) . 
  about 0 % . 
  germany : lars riedel , perfect body . 
  do you know if they are planning an all-electric version ( again ) ? 
  [ this is only 24m ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/stombussar_i_g%c3%b6teborg#/media/file:gothenburg-bus-16-by-bil.jpg ), 
  [ something like this ] ( http://i523.photobucket.com/albums/w354/lyr_album/brygg_volvo-pripps-98_lyr.jpg ), 
  thanks , forest-bro !, 
  bad is subjective . 
   it lowered the rate of domestic violence a lot . 
  but in the `` live free or die '' - state ? 
  that surprises me . 
  climate change could introduce almost any conceivable cweather . 
  hot , cold , dry , humid . 
  oh god no . 
  i 'm uncomfortable above 25 . 
  ok , thanks . 
  ca n't be many with this view left in poland ? 
  it would be helpful if you just told us . 
  no , because it still does n't tell me how he feels * now * . 
  ah , you meant `` amount '' , not `` margin '' . 
   .6 % a year is a substantial margin . 
  substantial margin ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  honestly , i ca n't guess what he thinks now . 
   try to go out and eat together whenever we can . 
  like , * every * year ? 
  it 's illegal , but not punishable . 
  do n't ask me how that works . 
  not you again ... 
  there has been a movement of changing the spelling/pronunciation of place names in sweden the last couple of decades to a more native variations . 
  peking -  beijing kiruna -  giron we used to call nice the local variation nissa , but now we use the french spelling . 
  `` 2nd amendment classic '' ... fetishising guns . 
  sometimes there 's hunting rifles for sale where i buy my forestry stuff , but i 'm not sure i 've seen any direct ads for them . 
  oh wait , xxl , a norwegian sport and outdoor chain advertise ( some of ) their guns in the mail ( unsolicited ) . 
  they have quite the assortment of hunting rifles i believe . 
  http://kundblad.xxl.se/live/ page 25, 
  du hast , rammtstein ? 
  dancing queen , super trooper ( abba ) the sign ( ace of base ) in swedish , boten anna, 
  no , it 's because t-d are a bunch of racist dicks , who hate any muslims or brown pepole . 
  they also have no knowledge of europe . 
  an hour ago you claimed in t_d that a lot of europeans have n't woken up yet . 
  do i sense that you are a it biased ? 
  start with learning how to spell your words !, 
  handball ? 
  dutch women took silver in the ec two months ago . 
  much to my surprise . 
  wikipedia says : `` the first written set of team handball rules was published in 1906 by the danish gym teacher , lieutenant and olympic medalist holger nielsen from ordrup grammar school , north of copenhagen . '', 
  would that had made any difference this last election , or is it in rpactice only supporting a republican winner of the popular vote ? 
  apart from language , no big difference compared to the north of sweden , for instances . 
  ok , finland is a bit more homophobic . 
  yeah , sort of . 
  that 's why i think it might work . 
  only if we can northern germany ( again ) . 
  i would n't trust them . 
  fairly limited , was n't it ? 
  a few students in ume\u00e5 ? 
  is it the gdp or gdp/capita ? 
  a couple of years back it became popular to not eat meat on monday , for environmental reason . 
  some schools followed that and served veg food on monday . 
  sorry , do n't have any numbers . 
  go have a swim on the west coast . 
  you can find some cliffs of your own .
