  well , that will sure teach the parents how not to parent . 
  do you have statistical suppurt that a quick `` spank '' , as you write , decrease the likelyhood of physical mortal danger to the child and/or somebody else . 
  are there more kids sucumbing to mortal dangers when they are n't spanked at all ? 
   that being said , i think it 's a cultural and personal thing and having a government be too intrusive can be damaging to our relationship as a community . 
  imagine giving your child a small spank and having a neighbor report you ... that thinking can be applied to a lot of stuff you do to your family , to your spouse for instance . 
  `` it 's ok , i just gave my wife a small slap , not your business . '', 
  slaping your kid and slaping your wife is both illegal in spain . 
  should the neighbours/society not interfere ? 
  glad to hear that , maybe they 'll ban it soon then . 
  you still did n't answer the question . 
  do you have statistics that show that in countries where there is no violence used in the form of `` spank '' , there is more danger to the child ? 
  are there more kids sucumbing to mortal dangers when they are n't spanked at all ? 
  it 's kind of a joke slogan . 
  `` spanking '' is a form of violence ok , do you have statistics that show that in countries where there is no violence used in the form of `` spank '' , there is more danger to the child ? 
  are there more kids sucumbing to mortal dangers when they are n't spanked at all ? 
  do you have statistics that support your claim that violence is needed ? 
  also , a lot of anglos here , and it still considered ok in the uk and us . 
  the cost per hour per nurse did in fact go up . 
  as the same work needed to be done , so did the labour cost . 
  the thing is , the hourly wage for the nurses went up , which is the reason it was too expensive . 
  same tradition here with the even more northern germans !, 
  yes , it 's impossible to do any rational choice with that little information . 
  like believing eesti is nordic ? 
   if i have a choice between 2 people and the only thing i know about them that one is religious and the other is not then the choice is obvious . 
  that 's not very rational . 
  heresy !, 
  when could you believe anything that was written ? 
  kids , it has always been this way , you have n't seen it yet , that 's all . 
  and we 'd have to think before we write , instead of hunting that top post and its juicy karma . 
  then you would get a longer sentence . 
  do you happen to live in the former capital ? 
  well , it 's on the best coast . 
  the difference is outside margin of error . 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  and yet , there 's a mix of left and right governments . 
  old and young vote differently in different countries . 
  why would you expect them to vote similarly in different countries ? 
  these numbers seems off . 
  official statistics for sweden in november is 50 % for , 29 % against and 21 % undecided . 
  have they grouped undecided with for ?? 
  about 5000 persons were asked , btw . 
  well , swedish staistics bureau asks about 5000 people what party they would vote for . 
  they also ask about eu . 
  result for november is 50 % for , 20 % against and 30 % undecided . 
  drug dealing 101 , really . 
  it 's not important , when discussing the current situation . 
  riksdagen can change many laws , and take control over any company . 
  it 's not controlled by the government . 
  totally irrelevant , we 're the best !! 1 !, 
  and the heated water from the nucelar power plant will change entire ecosystems . 
  oden was the first non-nuclear surface vessel to reach the north pole . 
  northstream ftw . 
  you can find that kind of house in the blue area too . 
  the areas shown has both empty wasteland and inner cities . 
  dutch builders made g\u00f6teborg . 
  i now know the reason it 's always rainy and windy there . 
  i remember when i studied programming in the 80s . 
  i was told programmers was going to go away soon , with the 4g languages anyone could program . 
  ai was popualr already then . 
  i doubt the forecasts are even remotely true . 
  i guess you do n't talk to an accountant often ? 
  will automation also take the bundle of receipts brought in by clients , sort it , explain the tax law and suggest future strategy ? 
  adding numbers is already automated . 
  what do you think accountants do , and what is the easy algorithm they are doing ? 
  they stopped buying romanian wood , and switched to outside sources . 
  so now they are buying wood from outside eu , where there is no requirement for accountability . 
  success ? 
  * sigh *, 
  u wot m8t ?? 
  beware , or the dutch will polder around you ... 
  iceland ? 
  bring it on !, 
  and that 's the reason you 'll never be in charge of determining punishments . 
  i 'm not so sure it 's a failure . 
  the same utopia that was predicted 40 years ago . 
  i guess they and karlshamn got bought out by stockholm ? 
  because they had been , really , really bad and needed spanking ? 
  admit it , you ca n't even understand what they are saying . 
  germany top ? 
  did n't expect that . 
  dat oil though . 
  it 's the jews who make it politically impossible . 
  at least so far . 
  they always defend the practice , whenever doctors says `` no '' . 
  for newborn , it 's about 50/50 in the us , and the rate have dropped the last couple of decades . 
  so , they get treated like full grown men that we have paied for through their adolescence . 
  my grandparents left germany for sweden with neither parents or child . 
  they got to stay due to being prosecuted in germany , and later brought their kid . 
  it 's not an uncommon scenario . 
  just like people born her , but we do n't have to pay for the first 20 year of their life . 
  if that really is a problem , i guess . 
  im not sure it 's that easy . 
  and regardless , the school should adapt to the current situation and help the boys , as they do with other groups . 
  and i 'm saying the school has changed a lot the last 20-30 years too , so i 'm not so sure . 
  the reverse boys/girls ratio were true not long ago , as it was in many higher education ( such as md ) . 
  and honestly , today the school are working to include as much as possible . 
  everybody has a place , everybody is worthy . 
  it 's kind of odd to say `` you need to change , not the school '' then . 
  it depends on if you view the school or the boys as the problem here . 
  that , my friend , is up to the experts .
