   except sweden , sweden is just ~ ~ bad ~ ~ great . 
  you misspoke . 
  i was taught bell , and that was what my wife just answered too . 
  maybe it has changed since the 1980s ? 
  in school ? 
  i know telia has free roaming already , but only if you have a contract . 
  i thought spanish grammar was pretty complicated , though ? 
  i never got very far , though . 
  corporal.punishment for kids is where i draw the line . 
  that 's not in out culture , and immigration should n't the change that . 
  really ? 
  english and german are both germanic languages , i 'd expect the similarities be larger . 
  `` conform '' is a loaded word . 
  i expect swedis citizens to support or civil society , respect our government and contribute more than they get ( if possible ) . 
  i also expect them to learn some basic swedish . 
  i do n't care what kind of religion they confess to , what kind of holiday traditions they have , what clothing they wear or what they eat . 
  they have to fika , though . 
  a not so serious reminder that the swedish farmers have stricter regulations than the danish in some aspects , e.g. 
  piglet tail docking is not allowed in sweden , norway , finland , but still accepted in denmark . 
  danes and animal welfare ... ? 
  they could probably cause more harm than any other previous organization , that i 'll give him . 
  i do n't suspect they will , though . 
  edit : i though it was about the military , sorry . 
   i was n't aware of estonia wanting into nordics as much before i joined reddit/askeurope . 
  : that was my first thought too !, 
   that 's pretty much how it works in the usa . 
  dating is much more organic than how it appears in pop culture , social media , and online dating . 
  that 's comforting , maybe people are n't that different after all . 
  and fun !, 
  nah , we put up finland as a bufffer zone . 
  phones yes , but not networks . 
  is n't that a region of greece ? 
  as such , it is in ... 
   scandinavia or sweden hmmm ... 
  the same fears were put forward by the swedish pm , that sweden would be flooded with cheap la our from poland and the baltic countries . 
  godbye , worthy adversary . 
  no , they would n't . 
  maybe not remembered by the inner city latte people ... , 
  date ? 
  nah , we just get drunk and ( maybe ) have sex . 
  dating in the american sense sounds weird to me . 
  window . 
  come on , you ca n't ignore quisling ... 
  my kids have gotten a lot ofclothes from their cousins , and we give away their used clothes to other cousins in turn . 
  and to friends !, 
  it 's fun seeing shirts and dresses your kids wore on your friends kids to . 
  cute !, 
  this was comon for us up until they turned 10 at least . 
  now they are more into fashion as teenagers . 
  maybe we 're not hip enough , but why waste good clothing ? 
   i do n't know any adult that buy used clothing , but one or two that buy `` vintage '' . 
  climbing a few storeys on a building , using the drain pipe , to the roof . 
  a friend climbed on the outside of the scaffolding , i guess 20m up ? 
  out of a total of 365 mps , in case anyone is interested . 
  bamse for president !, 
  ( if we ever become a republic ), 
  [ here 's the stat ] ( https://www.folkhalsomyndigheten.se/the-public-health-agency-of-sweden/living-conditions-and-lifestyle/obesity/ ) * english * 15 % / 15 % women/men are obese and 28 % / 42 % ( 36 % average ) are overweight . 
  do you think op knows the difference ? 
  in its simplest form , you and the seller agree on a price , write a document and have it witnessed by two other people ( and pay of course ) . 
  the house is now yours . 
  you must also register it within 3 months . 
  send the papers in to the authorities , to pay a fee and a tax on your purchase . 
  fee is 100 eur , tax is 1.5 % . 
  however , for a run of the mill purchase of a house in suburbia this is the normal process : * you go to your bank ( or several ) and ask about financing . 
  you can finance 85 % of the value , and you have to pay at least 2 % on the principal each year , until it 's below 70 % of house value . 
  then 1 % each year down to 50 % . 
  these are new rules , when i bought our house we never had to pay it off . 
  just the interest . 
  current rates are about 1.5 % -2 % . 
  bank tells you max price . 
  * you look at hemnet.se or boolie.se for a nice house , real estate agents advertise all houses there . 
  * often there 's a bidding ( non-binding for either parties ! ), 
  through phone/text that can take a day up to months . 
  after you agreed on a proce/won the bidding process you the sing a letter of intent to buy and pay . 
  10 % often , there 's a clause for buyers remorse , so you have two weeks - as a buyer - to cancel and get your money back . 
  this paying and signing is you , the seller and the real estate agent . 
  you set at date a few weeks/months ahead when you get the keys and pay the rest . 
  * now it 's time to analye your house . 
  is it worse than it looks ? 
  you spend 1-2000 eur on an inspection within two weeks , to find all hidden problems . 
  you can either walk away at no cost ( except the inspection ! ), 
  or try to haggle the price down . 
  the latter sometimes work , sometimes not . 
  * after two weeks , you 're on the hook . 
  failing to pay the remaining 90 % is expensive ... * on the transfer date , you meet at your bank with the seller and estate agent . 
  the bank pays the rest , you sign a few papers and get the keys . 
  house is now officially yours . 
  * as above you have to register the purchase and pay tax . 
  normally the bank handles the paper work ( for a small fee ... ) . 
  * if you borrowed money on your house , there 's an extra tax for putting your house as a collateral . 
  i tihnk it 's 2 % . 
  this tax is only payed if previous owner have n't payed it for his/her collateral . 
  or surstr\u00f6mming ? 
  i 've always thought kebabpizza looked american . 
  over the top food . 
  yes , i live with my wife and kids . 
  i visit my mom several times a year . 
  it was a joke . 
  from my short visit to berlin , i agree . 
  i 've spent 5 days in northern ( former ) east germany and 0 days in estonia .
