  you 're right , it does n't make sense asking for ethno-racial , ethnicity or race . 
  that 's my point . 
  maybe you could have an option `` do n't know '' . 
  you 're one of those swarty foreigners fom the south then . 
  select ` black ' , case closed . 
  they have a weird thing with with races and skin color , i guess you shoul have skipped the question . 
  i answered ` other ' as swedish was n't on the list ,, 
  i was 15 , vodka and some sweet stuff i ca n't remember , etc. 
  school trip to dubrovnik ( -85 ) , got really drunk and passed out . 
  great city though , would like to revisit . 
  sans the drinking , i 'm too old . 
   you ca n't drink until you 're 18 at bars/resturants in sweden , so mostly partied at home with friends . 
  thanks , i enjoyed it , even though i do n't speak french . 
  i guess i missed some of the word plays . 
   but calling something stupid and ridiculous is showing hate in one way . 
  not really , but anyways , critizing a policy does n't equal hating a country . 
   but i mean after reading all these , i guess i 've been reading and focusing on too many anti-american comments . 
  i think you have been focused on finding hate , becasue that 's what you have been taught you would find . 
   i just read a lot of comments about how europeans think things that america does and the way it is is stupid and ridiculous . 
  reading right wing press of the us , i wonder why americans hate sweden so much ?!? 
  i mean , a lot of americans seem to think the way we do things is stupid and ridiculous ?? 
  in case you did n't get it , disagreeing with some of a country 's policies does n't imply hate . 
  i 'm curious why you believe that a lot of europeans hate america . 
  how did you reach that conclusion ? 
  you did a good job sumarizing my thoughts , but i still feel you should 've stressed the lack of hate . 
  we do n't vote for offices , only for local , regional and national parliament . 
  this is done at the same time , three ballots in three envelopes in three urns . 
  around 90 % participation . 
  also vote for european parliament , but that 's not widely recognised , around 50 % participation . 
  i 'm with you on this ( 1995 ) . 
  maybe they had an old encyclopaedia in school ? 
  skip the religion , keep the holidays . 
  that 's how we do it . 
  nobody that have said so , at least . 
  the anti-eu parties are of course for referenda as per usual . 
  https://www.flickr.com/photos/97207823@n07/9777308131 count them squares !, 
  eu does n't kick countries out becasue one of the countries have some political turmoil . 
  do n't be childish . 
  and now they are in . 
  used to be 10 years ago , but your position in society has been taken over by immigrants from bulgaria/romania and of course middle east . 
  same in sweden . 
  actually it 's a trade mark and there was a competing machine called `` minuten '' . 
  different banks used different systems . 
  now , about 90 % are called bankomats . 
  it 's also the colloquial name for all kinds of money machines . 
  yes , pt costs about 10 euro . 
  private health care is common , anyone can start a service , make a deal with the state and then accept patients . 
  they 'll get reimbursed by state for each patient . 
  interesting , so did you live in poland with a us passport ? 
  i did n't know that was possible at that time . 
  a polish passport should be very useful to you if you want to work in europe . 
  for travel , i do n't think it is that vital for leisure though . 
  why did it take you so long to consider it ? 
  seems to have been useful in your travels at least . 
  seems to me this applies to western europe at least . 
  sex first , relationship possibly follows . 
  any european disagree ? 
  you seem to be a woman of reasonable fortitude . 
  you should just phone the embassy/consulate instead of asking here . 
  they know the drill . 
  good luck !, 
  the vast forests and sparsely populated areas . 
  and [ kebabpizza ] ( http://www.allakartor.se/venue_images_475/399850_21112132.jpg ) . 
  same as denmark . 
  going friend -  sex -  relationship is not uncommon . 
  please do n't ruin our nature , danish youth have a somewhat bad reputation . 
  no , hunters are also ok . 
  what kind of cost are we talking about ? 
  when it comes to outdoor culture , the us have nothing on norway , where op is from . 
  it depends . 
  if the spouse is not the children 's parent , he/she can receive it immediately . 
  no , half of it is always distributed to the children . 
  if your generalisation does n't work in the next country over , it does probably not apply to the rest of europe either . 
  i 'm confused , are you calling the black in the us `` nonwhite immigrants '' ? 
  splitting the population in whites , asian , and black is a very american outlook of the world . 
  we often do n't keep track of `` race '' , religion or political views on our citizens . 
  yeah , potatoes are the base really . 
  with butter , hot or cold . 
  yum !, 
  we had turnips . 
  now completely forgotten , for the nicer potatoe . 
  they can not into nordic . 
  usa is n't really a young country , compared to european countries . 
  and the constitution is one of the oldest there is . 
   who are we in competition with and how can we crush them in this race to the bottom ? 
  just it back , and enjoy the ride !, 
  i find it fascinating that americans seems to believe that neither science or humanity has moved on since way back when . 
  is this how a religion is formed , a scroll of the elders is considered more and more holy as the years passes ? 
  no match for an internet legal expert ( tm ) !, 
  we call it gr\u00f6nk\u00e5lssoppa , hence the mix-up . 
  true . 
  i just recently learned that pumpernickel and gr\u00fcnkohlsuppe are not eaten in bavaria . 
  shocking . 
  we 're here , you can root for us !, 
  and apply for refugee status ? 
  if you 're really sick or injured , it 's excellent . 
  if you 're just having a cold or a non-emergency condition , you get a bit of `` meh '' from the doctors . 
  do not expect to be treated like a prince ( which is basically true for every part of life here ), 
  am swedish , have private health care . 
  it 's only for non-emergencies , and it basically puts you at a specialist the next day .
