  a bit unexpected ? 
  it 's not like they 're in the same business . 
  never heard of nordfrost . 
  yeah , i had to wait until 2200 to have my run , nice t-shirt and shorts weather at 10c . 
  hyundai have sold some in sweden . 
  there are a total of four ( 4 ) hydrogen gas stattions in sweden ( third largest country in europe ) . 
  there are two automakers that have production models out now , hyundai and toyota . 
  it can use a more efficient ice motor , which does n't have to provide as much torque from low rpms . 
  i do n't know if that is enough to outweigh the extra weight , but it 's a possibility . 
  you could have left africa out and instead include the entire swedish/finnish rail network . 
  eesti wanted into nordic , tried naming a big church after nordic saint . 
  did not work . 
  here 's a knowledge bomb for you : emmigrants leave a country , not enter it . 
  it does n't really help if the emmigrants have more children , does it ... 
  it kind of unavoidable to reiterate the same arguments over and over again . 
  as i 've shown , comparing with similar landmass/poopulation the us is still exceptionally violent . 
  comparing your states with similiar sized countries in the eu , the us is still exceptionally violent . 
   we 're comparing it to canada , not the eu . 
  we 're comparnig to first world countries  so your definition of `` exceptionally '' is just `` not less than the average '' ? 
  it 's five times as bad as eu . 
  it 's on placee 126 of all countries . 
  yes , that 's exceptionally bad . 
  the difference between eu and the us is a factor of 5 . 
  there is no single state in the us that has a lower rate than the eu * average * . 
  the us rates are clearly worse than the eu rates . 
  your best state are at the level of serbia . 
  it 's an exceptionally violent first world country . 
  i 'm impressed with your knowledge of english . 
  denizen to you too . 
  sweden have benfit immensley on free trade . 
  wait for the next civil war ? 
  no , i 'm not wrong abou the gains , you are . 
  then fix your society , instead of squandering life quality for all . 
  i had one of those ( swedish : teleguide ) in early 90 's . 
  one of the few , think it was a trial run . 
  but it was great !, 
  more or less like gopher , remember ? 
  of course , in 1993 ( ? ), 
  mosaic 0.8 a was released and the rest is history . 
   bildschirmtext [ so that 's what kraftwerk is singing about !, 
  til . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qejj7keiei0 ), 
  no , the gains are spread on the enitre society more or less . 
  escpecially for those who are poor , who can now buy food more cheaply . 
  society should help those who lose their job , though , there 's a net benfit for the society . 
  spreading the losses to everyone else [ than a few ] is n't the same as a most poeple benefit . 
   concentrate most of the benefits among a few and spread the losses among varying degrees to everyone else ? 
   no one denies that consumers benefit which one is it ? 
  btw , thanks for the link . 
  it appears you 're # 126 on that list for inentional homcide , about four times as many as northern europe . 
  yes , everybody 's crime rate is better if you remove the bad parts of the country . 
  if your 94 on a list of countries , that 's exceptionally bad for a first world country , taken as a whole . 
  that some parts of your country is even worse does n't make it better . 
  what 's the point of comparing the good part of the us with other countries including their bad parts ? 
    it 's an exceptionally violent country . 
   it 's not though . 
  it 's number 94 on the list , solidly in the middle by rate . 
  which is exceptionally bad for a first world country . 
   exclude those ~ 10 areas out of 1,000,000 and the rate plummets . 
  now do the same for the other countries . 
  does your ranking change ? 
   socially liberal maybe during reinfeldt , but now ? 
  and previously ? 
  nordic council , best council . 
  scottish pepole are usually well regarded here on the west coast of sweden . 
  come for the summer , you might pick up that eu-citizenship eventually . 
  there 's also the idea that national defense manufacturing makes it easier to remain neutral . 
  i think that 's more important than any lobbying . 
  see rule 5a . 
  mu daughter is 16 , and the local council usually provide a simple job for three weeks during summer . 
  more like apprentice thank actually work . 
  this is 6.50 eur/h, 
  this `` news '' is posted here several times a week . 
  when has it reached the limit for spam ? 
  are you sure they are not taken into consideration ? 
  there 's always a compromise between different interests and seldom do all parties get what they want . 
  how so ? 
  some biologists oppose the final decision , how does that imply they have no say ? 
  are you avoiding my question ? 
  where have you studied forestry ? 
  well , that 's why biologists do n't build houses , roads , railroads , cities , power stations . 
  and thats why biologistics do n't have the final say in land use . 
  where have you studied forestry ? 
  i believe no one here knows anything about forestry , judging by the posts . 
  yeah , from last week ... 
  really , how large percentage of the money paid out in welfare is spent on bureaucracy ? 
  i 've heard numbers of around 3 % . 
  i true , that 's not enough to make any difference . 
   my point is that due to men and women relating to the biological act differently , and such pondering being able to influence pondering about one 's career , even if subconsciously , a statistical difference between the sexes when it comes to career choice can actually be a sole factor for a difference in outcome . 
  considering the difference in selection between some branches of engineering for women is much bigger than the difference between men and women staying home with their kids , i think there are other ways of explaining that 's more believable . 
  consideer that black people are way poorer in the us than white people ( on average ) . 
  i do not believe that 's because there are biological differences . 
  nobody starts from the same blank slate as anyone else . 
  regardless if your black or white , man or woman . 
   men ca n't get pregnant , nor ( under usual circumstances ) breastfeed . 
  women do . 
  sure . 
   thus , in the context of reproduction , it is their role to be the pregnant . 
  sure . 
   and nursing ones .
