  apparently this gif does a bad job of showing anything . 
  so , this map is confusing . 
  what does black mean ? 
  is the population density in a black pixel higher than a specific number ? 
  in that case , what number and why that number ? 
  i see !, 
  he is liberal with judgement and punishment . 
  makes perfect sense , thanks !, 
  racist , anti-immigrant losley connected to sd and its youth organization . 
  and maybe they will , but they will have to do their evaluation first . 
  i honestly do n't know if there 's a standard procedure underage killers . 
  given the source , it 's probably both unreliable and heavily biased . 
  yes , and why do you think that 's not the case here ? 
  not facing criminal charges does not mean he ca n't be locked up . 
  social services will have to deal with him . 
  did n't the `` uncensored '' ( i.e. 
  rascist ) web site mention that ? 
  it depends of what you mean by `` get away '' . 
  the wont go to jail , but they wil be handled by social services . 
  it 's pretty much the same in the nordic countries . 
  thank you for that link . 
  sweden , norway , iceland , denmark , finland and czech republic has 15 as age limit . 
  portugal seems to have 16 , actually . 
  norway has the same age limit for criminal charges , 15 years . 
  regardless of nationality . 
  people can advocate what they feel like , but at least we should describe the current situation correctly . 
  so did i. 
  that 's why a government mandate minimum wage is n't a requirement for a strong work force . 
  in fact , european countries without a legal wage limit have powerful workers . 
  but is it better for the worker if the government or the union negotiate salary ? 
  that 's the point , there 's no need for a legally mandated minimum wage . 
  just like op suggested ... 
  what do you mean by liberal ? 
  you seem very social conservative , with a healthy does of vengeance . 
  these kids obvious need mental help . 
  yes , we all work for 1 eur/day in denmark and sweden . 
  well the tide will turn sooner or later . 
  norway . 
   there is a grammatical difference that i can never remember , but the real difference is that whom is no longer used barring a few exceptional cases in modern british english , with who being preferred in nearly all cases where one would formerly use whom , instead . 
  thanks , did n't know that . 
  do newspapers use whom still ? 
  relevant , as op is in eea but not in eu . 
  is there a difference ? 
  whom follows preposition , is what i 've been taught . 
  who would fix the uk houses with no poles ? 
  holomorphic , never heard it before . 
  we used `` well behaved '' only . 
  but , i 'm only an engineer . 
  nipple ? 
  probably not , just look at what big us companies do to stay in the eu ( cookies ) . 
  i do n't think swedes knew anything about daily mail before the campaign . 
  papister !!, 
  sweden changed to a high fee for non-eu residents a few years back . 
  finland and germany is still doing the low fee . 
  are there any more countries ? 
  you misunderstood . 
  finding out the number of trees is pretty pointless , total standing volume is more relevant . 
  counting the number of trees is pretty pointless . 
  it 's only 600/ha . 
  on average 2500 trees are planted per ha , and after 100 years or so they are down to 600-1000 / ha ( depending ) . 
  trees grow best when cultured . 
  no , only between siblings . 
  sweden did sterilise people with `` unwanted properties '' . 
  that did n't go over well . 
  without looking , nionde kompaniet ? 
  [ `` can you act quickly and under pressure ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pohudecwa8w ), 
  thanks for the source , but the translation is a bit off . 
  `` in late december an incident where a person made an approach on an under age girl were * reported to the police * . 
  [ by whom ? ], 
  susanne gryfelt says that after that and until now have been two conversations with the staff that in hindsight * could indicate * another two incidents . '', 
   obviously not . 
  nothing have happend at the swimming pool in kalmar , where susanne works . 
  is that something you have studied in depth ? 
  not much . 
  some poeple being upset on the internet . 
  according to the swedish source , she refers to the alleged assault/robbery on new years eve in kalmar , not to incidents in germany . 
  you 're right , i 've changed the sneaky sub-link . 
  feelings over facts ? 
  sure , but we can only affect what happens , not what people feel about it . 
  have there been a terrorist attacks against a synagogue in malm\u00f6 ? 
  i think we can compare the support in that case . 
  it was started on facebook . 
  four women have said they are willing to `` patrol '' . 
  it 's a handful . 
  it says the table reflects average ( mean ) wages . 
  it does n't even resemble this list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ( edit : now not family wage anymore ), 
  kalmar , where this happened , is n't a big city . 
  it 's a town of 36 000 . 
  google translate ( with some help from me ) says thus : `` the initiative has not received as positively from the swimming hall side . 
  - the aim is of course wrong , it is our workplace . 
  we have the expertise and resources and can both prevent and help if something arises among our bathers . 
  going into as private operator and acting lifeguard is all wrong , says susanne gryfelt , acting head of unit at the water park in kalmar , the barometer . 
  after discussions , it is now clear that siri is not actively may make interventions . 
  - we can not intervene if we see something , then we will contact the lifeguards and i 've been told that i must not talk to bathers unless they come up to me , she says . '', 
  the europeans do n't have as big gasp as the us when it comes to age , and yet i would guess the tax burden is somewhat higher . 
  also interesting , that among the < 30 , us is not in any way different than you southern europeans . 
  the fact that the recent terrorist attack was on the danish side , does n't matter ? 
  our inner-city high-tech company has a couple of hunters out of 100 employed . 
  they usually take a few days off in october ... ,
