  ( wikipedia ), 
  bohusl\u00e4n wants a word . 
  brian eller michael ? 
  is there any other way to eat pasta ? 
  ketchup and parmesan , yummy !, 
  it 's not true in any meaningful way . 
  yeah , it was funny the first time , but please . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  you forgot floorball !, 
  http://www.floorball.org/pages/en/rankings sweden 1st , finland 2nd and swiss 3rd . 
  it kind of ignores the tax differences , and the related benefits . 
  e.g. , do you or your employer pay to a retired fund ? 
  yes , every country has its own laws about defamation . 
  let 's not pretend there is free speach in the us , and not in germany . 
  both countries have free speech , at different degrees . 
  the court disagreed with you . 
  maybe an uk court would reach the same conclusion , maybe it would n't . 
  each country have their own legal systems , and most of them have laws against defamation . 
  defamation is illegal also in the uk . 
  defamation is a crime in the us also . 
   `` there have been times where i have said , why do n't we just put all these small countries in charge for a while and they could clean things up . '', 
  yup . 
  we 'll organize the shit out the world in no-time . 
  setting up an ombudsman in every corner of the globe , having regular fika meetings for consensus building and show them the true meaning of v\u00c4lf\u00c4rd !, 
   the turning point of world war ii `` but it is significant that despite the chauvinistic interest in individual events in this history that exists in popular culture -- like the british fascination with the battle of britain and the american focus on d-day -- so many of these professional historians see the war on the eastern front as inevitably providing the turning point of the whole conflict . 
  there have been no blockbuster hollywood films on barbarossa or stalingrad , but nonetheless that is the arena in which most of the scholars i talked to think the war was ultimately decided . 
  and it 's not hard to see why they argue that case . 
  in terms of numbers alone the scale of the war in the soviet union was staggering . 
  take the comparative death toll between the west and the east , for example . 
  the british and americans lost no more than 800,000 dead between them during the war ; the soviets suffered the death of 27 million people . '', 
   i choose the socialist paradise of the netherlands . 
  so organized . 
  so sensible . 
  so clean . 
  just keep that raw herring away from me . 
  herring is the icing !, 
  getting married and having kids is seen as a death on reddit , that 's for sure . 
  i do n't think it holds true for western societies in general , at least not in mine . 
  with today 's sedentary society , having to chase a 10 year old around - if they ever let go of their laptop - would be a health benefit to the parents !, 
  i know that denmark and sweden have widely different approaches to job security . 
  of course you can end an employment in sweden , but you have to have a valid reason and negotiate with the union . 
  the longer you worked at a place , the harder it gets normally . 
  the unions are also somewhat flexible , they too want the company to be able to compete . 
  up to a point ... 
  if you want there to be a message , i 'm sure you 'll find one if you read long enough . 
  the archeo-conspiracy is everywhere !, 
  that does depend on what protection they had before entering . 
  strange though . 
  my understanding is that norway had and have strong protection of the farmers , but sweden abolished most of it ( or was set to ) prior to joining . 
  for the swedish farmers , eu meant more protection . 
  americans who ca n't tell the difference between sweden and switzerland . 
  eu is 500 million people . 
  yeah , but hopefully not until i 'm done planting . 
  oh , time for evening planting . 
  got ta go . 
  never met a / pol / irl , so not a problem . 
  quite a few , you mean . 
  vodka belt checking in . 
  is latino and hispanic the same thing ? 
  a bit too fibrous . 
  i prefer emmentaler over camembert . 
  two , is right out !, 
  ( or maybe even most likely ) . 
  it 's a common saying , yes . 
  in reality is a bit more continous , you have to manage the planted trees about every ten years or so until they are ripe after 70-90 years . 
  and you can get som income as early as after 30 years , thinning the trees . 
  provided of course that there 's still some demand for paper , cardboard , timber , biofuel , etc in 70 years ... 
  it 's the long con . 
   automation did slash employment in a lot of industries , sometimes even up to the 80 % region , for example in agriculture . 
  and we are better for it . 
  instead of having most people toiling in the fields for food , we can concentrate on technical inventions , for instance . 
  `` sweden ? 
  nice alps and excellent cheese ! '', 
  every time . 
  which one is it ? 
  to the left a clear cut i 'm planting with spruce seedlings . 
  in the middle , tools for planting , and to the right forest that are due to be cut in a year or three . 
  not every european takes latte in a medieval city centre . 
  aktuell means current in german and swedish , any more languages ? 
  sidenote : google translated aktuell ( de ) to str\u00f6m ( se ) instead of aktuell ( se ) . 
  str\u00f6m means electrical current ... 
  we ` be had this discussion in sweden also , i think our system is pretty much like in france . 
  is the science really that clear cut ? 
  i 've heard both . 
  have no idea , sorry . 
  bring surstr\u00f6mming , eat and drink what the fleeing guest left . 
  in solitude . 
  win-win . 
  i would appreciate some backstory , if you please ? ', 
  ( i hope i was n't too rude ) . 
  nice graph , a lot of countries are lagging on the 2020 target ... 
  uberpop shuts down in sweden . 
  they had 30 court decisions against them , declaring it 's an illegal taxi business . 
  [ google translate ] ( https://translate.google.se/translate?sl=sv&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=sv&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.dn.se%2fekonomi%2fuber-tvarvander-lagger-ned-omstridda-tjansten%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ), 
  i bet it was self defense . 
   christian refugees like fadi s. increasingly face physical and verbal assaults by other migrants ** and security personnel ** in germany , a report released by six nongovernmental organizations has found . 
  you forgot a part . 
  just like the car . 
  yes i have . 
  til antilles are no more .
