   the entire alliance are in favor of joining ** and regularly suggests we should join ** m has suggest once . 
  the other has it in their programme - just like some parties want to abolish the monarchy - but there 's no push for it . 
   whereas there would be no international legal precedent for making distinctions on a subnational basis - especially because it 'd be impossible . 
  it 's possible to make disctinction on dual citizens , e.g. 
   polls indicate a relative majority ( closing in on a absolute majority ) in favor of joining nato , it 's definitely growing to be an important question . 
  it might become , but i doubt it . 
  i ca n't remember seeing any active suggestion from alliansen that we should join . 
   wrong , the entire alliance are in favor of joining and regularly suggests we should they did n't do anything when they were in charge . 
  i know centern switched recently , but when did alliansen suggest we join nato ? 
  i 've never seen it as a valfr\u00e5ga . 
   whilst opposing a full membership , the current government is continuing to increasing our cooperation with nato via the host nation support agreement as well as increased military cooperation with the us . 
  and also incresing cooperation with finland . 
  the current government is against it , no opposition party is actively suggesting we 'll join . 
  there 's no political drive to join nato in sweden . 
  does appear to be one on finland either ? 
  we would be just as uninterested as we are now . 
  only since two years , i do n't expect it to make a dent yet in current politics . 
  i ca n't see sweden joining nato next five years , but who knows ? 
  it 's european countries . 
  come on , that was n't a swedish house !, 
  clearly norwegian !, 
  guys , read the article . 
  it 's informative . 
  yeah , but this incidents was more of like robbery than sexual assaults . 
  the sexual aspects was secondary to the pick pocketing . 
  bulgarian plates . 
  surprised norra jylland was so densely populated . 
  does n't seem like it , driving through . 
  sort of , no special recollection of roma 's treatment . 
  we have the sami that were a bit more in the forefront . 
  of discussions . 
  and the mentally ill too . 
  most beggars in sweden tend to drive/be driven by bulgarian cars . 
  just saying ... 
  judging by their cars , they might well be bulgarians . 
  more middle class chinese = more toilet paper , actually . 
  sure , they increase their own production but the total world usage of pulp is up . 
  yeah , we here on the frozen edge do n't have a developed economy . 
  paper is losing to screen , but winning in other areas . 
  total consumption of pulp is up ( soft tissue , cardboard , etc ) . 
  actually , we 're \u00fcber-germans , so we have even less humour . 
  yes , but we 're living in a post-industrial society , which is ofcourse a post-post-agricultural society . 
  the city will live on food grown on the roof tops , and also generate energy by solar panels . 
  so the rural areas are n't needed anymore , except as a topic of biological research . 
  olof palme , the teenager who lived in a bubble . 
  common law is weird . 
  sure , i was jokingly commenting on the `` proximity '' part . 
  pizzas are around 9-10 eur where i live , for take out . 
  iceland can not into eu ? 
  well you need to adapt the number of towers , antennas , base stations home servers etc etc and interconnection to the increase in usage . 
  it 's a very large investment , and somebody has to pay for it . 
  and its continuous upgrade and maintenance . 
  for how long are usually women gone for each child ? 
  and what about the men ? 
  so , fuck the society that wasted 20 years giving you that chance ? 
  give something back , man . 
  a nuclear power plant is even more space efficient . 
  but space is only an issue in cities and densely populated areas ( like the netherlands ) . 
  using natures own solar panel is often a good and cheap choice . 
  really , when it comes to down votes it 's the 20 + child free crowd that wins . 
  man , here in sweden it 's the other way around . 
  land is getting more expensive , because cities are expanding . 
  tree farms are cut down to make room for dumping rubble from city and infrastructure construction . 
  demanding people paying taxes when they do n't want to is also selfish . 
  / s in a society you ca n't only expect to receive , you have to give too . 
  sure you do . 
  so did i , but i spent the last 25 years paying for the upbringing and schooling of kids your age . 
  do you wan na reap without sowing ? 
  then do n't expet anyone taking care of you when you get old . 
  but you need 4 nurses for round the clock care-taking in your old age . 
  depends on the biofuel , obviously , but any good biofuel will offset a lot of fossile co2 . 
  hvo offsets about 80 % if i remember correctly . 
  i 'm sure some environmentalists claim otherwise , though . 
  just a week ago i saw a large study that had over several years measured hothouse gases from a forest , and concluded that it is a net contributer in this regard . 
  did you comment your own post to get the karma ? 
  so , european city-dwellers would like to use the surrounding landscape as a museum and leisure-center . 
  what else is new ? 
  biofuel can help solve the co2-issue . 
  ( note the extra 's ' ), 
  `` weather '' , `` midges '' . 
  two citations . 
  need more ? 
  i do n't see the problem ? 
  it 's easier than moving around them to follow the sun . 
  such as ? 
  [ typisk svensk sommarstuga ] ( https://www.informationsverige.se/svenska/samhalle/publishingimages/typisktsvensktrodstuga.jpg ) * typical swedish summer cottage *, 
  so , not `` gothembourg '' ? 
   yup . 
  they based their economy on resource extraction and now resource prices are low . 
  just like norway . 
  every 5 minutes, 
  estonia can not into scandinavian law . 
  so does karlskrona ( bth ) . 
  was it really ok before that , though ? 
  i hope and support that they could join eu - if they wanted to - the same day they leave the uk - if they chose to do that . 
  it should be quicker to negotiating joining eu than leaving the uk , and it should be possibel to do both at the same time . 
  quick , let 's tell / r/childfree, 
  do you really think he will be okay with gays ? 
  we could annex you ( again ) ? 
  i think this was hilarious : `` single parents , workers on low incomes , families with children , pet owners , smokers and single adults are also among those who mr wilson has barred from his properties . '',
