  [ sjupp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urgdiaz4qng ), 
   their english was better than my german , and they did n't speak dutch , and even though dutch and german are very similar it was easier to just speak english . 
  also because a common learned language makes you speak slower , in shorter sentences with a smaller vocabulary and a `` standard '' learned dialect . 
  thats why i foten find danes switching to english when speaking to me , and that 's why i prefer speaking swedish with my english friends ( who have lived here for 20 + years or so ) . 
   i would simply change the definition of `` marriage '' from `` a man and a woman '' to `` two persons '' , to make it fully equal . 
  that 's what we did . 
  you pick up one paper ballot for each party ( or fewer , depending on how paranoid you are ) and one envelope . 
  you go into the booth and put one ballot in the envelope . 
  you then go to a guy noting who you are and that you have voted and puts the envelope in the box . 
  as we normally vote on local , regional and national assemblies at the same time , you actually get three envolopes and 3 sets of ballots . 
  these are color coded , so each envelope goes into a different box . 
  the boxes are opened when the election has closed , and counted ( manually ) by representatives from different parties . 
  the paper ballots also have names representing the party on the ballot , if you want you can put an ` x ' in front of one of the names if you want to change the order in which they seats are filled . 
  otherwise it 's the order the party suggest . 
  its not so common , but it happens . 
  you can alos take a blank ballot and put any party name on it . 
  well , you have n't seen it all , then . 
  morning papers are not delivered by mail . 
  kids used to sell sunday paper , it 's not so common anymore . 
  of course . 
  you have to be quick when putting you winter clothes on , or you 'll steam until you 're outdoors . 
  -20 to +23 is what we have here . 
  it goes with the fermented herring ? 
  or it was a preemptive strike to avoid the bise ? 
  left , per-albin hansson or olof palme . 
  right , fredrik reinfeldt center , torbj\u00f6rn f\u00e4lldin, 
  will merkel overtake kohl in greatness ? 
  i love the translation . 
  can confirm for sweden . 
  a night out on a friday with some food and 4 beers i expect to pay about 50-70 eur . 
  `` high school age '' ? 
  can you please specify in number of years ? 
  i worked as a kid from 14 year or so , delivering paper and selling fresh bread on sunday mornings . 
  i was the odd one out , and now 30 years later i still do n't understand where that drive came from . 
   my kids 14/16 do not work , the older one have applied for a summer job through the city . 
  they offer 3 weeks for students , as a sort of introduction before you turn 16 , you ca n't do many jobs , legally . 
  and easy/simple jobs aren that common , especially part time jobs . 
  my kids get an allowance , they can save , buy makeup , clothes or go to the movied with the money . 
  it 's about 100eur/month . 
  larger purchases ( boots/sports ) we 'll help out . 
  the older one will start secondary education , another three years . 
  she will supposedly live here ( for free ) and hopefully gain more and more independence from us . 
  still we 'll feed her of course . 
  tertiary education after that you get good loans/grants so you should be able to live buy yourself at campus . 
  people move away from home at the same age her as in the us , big difference to our southern europeans, 
   as far as i know , it 's not `` tjekkien '' in any language . 
  well look at mister polyglot over there !, 
  danish or norwegian ? 
  yup , discovered by the swedish viking leif `` leffe '' eriksson . 
  i clearly remember it . 
  you forgot tjeckien . 
   it 's apparently 13 % or 1/6th which is it ? 
  they are cute and harmless . 
  canada and the us ( again ) , but now with the kids . 
  they never asks for a bag , but they say the total sum . 
  and i usually shake my head when answering the `` receipt ? '', 
  - < shakes head  transaction complete . 
  normandy best france !, 
    but seriously , trying to alienate and look down on people that do not live at university campus only makes you look like a dick . 
   so does looking down upon the people who live at a university campus . 
   not if they are dicks on the internet . 
  cutting down trees . 
   i 'm really curious as to how quiet/reserved you swedes really are ? 
  like at a shop would it be weird for the cashier to ask how your day was ? 
  do old people never strike up conversations ? 
  etc cashiers never asks anything . 
  yesterday i went to get the mail , and my old neighbour ( i think ) went past . 
  he said hi , and i mentioned that it 's summer now . 
  he chuckled and moved on . 
  more than that would be really weird . 
  the topic is n't dividing people into good and bad ? 
  the more shit talking about the country outside of stockholm , the more statistically likely it is the the person is a pretentious dick . 
  as a gentleman of the world , i tip my fedora and proclaim that everybody except mer are rednecks . 
  but seriously , trying to alienate and look down on people that do not live at university campus only makes you look like a dick . 
  it 's not black and white , kids . 
  well , we never had religious classes in early years . 
  he has some good points . 
  i helped my daughter with her homework a month ago . 
  it was mentioned . 
  if you do n't have the money to pay the insurance ? 
  got drunk first time at 15 . 
  in dubrovnik of all places . 
  nowadays i drink less than once a week , and just a beer or two . 
  for work , it 's more like -2 c , sunny and 0 m/s, 
  i was waiting for the bus in the middle of nowhere , minding my own business , when an american female tourist started making small talk . 
  the horror !, 
  yes , religion is part of the curriculum . 
  mainly focused on christianity , judaism , islam and hinduism . 
  also mentions buddhism and shintoism . 
  an overview of the various deities and prophets , and their writings etc. 
  it appears that this is not common in europe ? 
  when i went to school it was taught by an atheist , but he gave a fairly unbiased view . 
  on food items such as dairy , meat and fish there 's always a `` made in sweden '' flag ( if applicable ) . 
  shoes and clothes usually have a sticker too ( vietnam is popular ), 
  we had a cleaner for a while . 
  we picked up most of the lose items on the floor , that was all . 
  looks like any pay-friday to me . 
  this old storage barn is the oldest secular ( ? ), 
  wooden building in sweden . 
  [ built in 1229 ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiondeboden_i_ingatorp#/media/file:ingatorp-tiondeboden.jpg ) .
