  god job !, 
  i 'm feeling pretty safe up here in the north . 
  we even have to import peeple to spice it up a bit . 
  now that `` juggemaffian '' is old hat , we 're trying with even more southern people . 
  i always get very happy watching a kaurism\u00e4ki movie . 
  the nagging wife is more of an american trope . 
  so , the question is if it has gone up , and by how much . 
  we 're still better than iceland ... 
  just kick them . 
  oh , that 's right . 
  the netherlands is n't very good at football ... 
  well , if you 're a teenager you grew up in the most peaceful of times . 
  that does n't mean it 's normal , even though it 's all you know . 
  the climate . 
  it 's a different climate in sweden . 
  survival of the tallest . 
  at least in sweden , it 's popularity and relevance in media is declining . 
  that 's an interesting proposition , do you have a source for that , or something more i could read ? 
  i see , thanks . 
  what is `` passporting rights '' ? 
  i doubt you neither know or care what you write is true . 
  so you wrote an entire paragraph about homicide rates , and when you discover you were pretty much wrong , it 's no big deal ? 
  why did you write it in the first place , then ? 
  have the homicide rate gown up in sweden since the 90s ? 
  `` the rankings include australia , brazil , canada , china , france , germany , india , indonesia , italy , japan , mexico , netherlands , poland , russia , saudi arabia , south africa , south korea , spain , taiwan , thailand , turkey , the united kingdom , and the united states . '', 
  it 's in the article , guys . 
  it says in the article , the largest countries . 
  it 's only comparing the largest 22 countries . 
  organic agribusiness also uses diesel to farm , it 's not that different , the output is lower , and the premium payed by consumers does not outweigh the extra cost of course , we can assume that farmers work for joy only , and do n't need the same standard as the rest of us. ,, 
  or reaper . 
  as in grim reaper . 
  yes , and what every legal system is trying to minimise , by requiring evidence . 
  and if they `` got off '' because they were innocent , should we deport them too ? 
  have you just recently discovered / r/europe ? 
  skype and mojang were new , innovative and successful before they were bought . 
  they were bought for ~ ~ $ 6b ~ ~ $ 8.5 b and $ 2.5 b respectively , they were at the top already . 
  this sub is not an accurate representation of the swedish political climate . 
  i 'm stating background information about the juornalist , if you chose to ignore it go ahead . 
  the journalist behind that documentary previosly worked for `` nya tider '' , a swedish right wing extremist newspaper . 
   i holiday in finland to get away from the glasgow weather rookie mistake . 
  [ finally , we get a nice and warm week !, 
   around the world, 
  what are the odds that it works ? 
  how have previous coups around the world turned out ? 
  so , this is the basis for the nordic welfare system . 
  asocial rednecks which complain about foreigners while sitting on their alcoholic ass , also get money and housing . 
  do n't worry , we 'll take care of them too . 
  it would be fabulous !, 
  polar bears can outrun humans . 
  have any previous coup been instigated/helped by western powers ? 
  looking at you , us ... 
  bad ? 
  our youth does n't have to slave for money they can just coast through life until they are adults !, 
  not us , we work smarter . 
  yes , it 's so expensive that the result is that instead of keeping the safest way to travel on the ground , these low traffic routes will be cancelled and replaced by bus or cars . 
  that 's not really a good idea , is it ? 
  there 's also the case that the automatic system is set aside some times , such as malfunctions or constructions of the rail . 
  that 's not how we coped previously . 
  what we did was increase the sustainable production of resources ( and also increase population ) . 
  a changing enviroment is n't easier to tackle with only old people . 
   no of course not . 
  just looking the current global or even within-eu numbers you will see that the current population is not sustainable in the long run . 
  therefore it makes sense that currently we should be happy maintaining or reducing our population . 
  of course we should not do this indefinitely . 
  the population we can sustain now is several times higher than what we could a couple of hundres years earlier . 
  at better standard , too . 
  you 're idea that the number of people we can sustain is fixed does not have any historic support . 
  increasing does n't mean chaos either . 
  neither is however sustainable indefinitely . 
  sweden is below replacement rate when it comes to fertility . 
  the population is getting older and older . 
  about a third of europe is shrinking . 
  that 's not sustainable . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_population_growth_rate you also have to account for life span increasing . 
  it 's not sustainable to have an older and older population . 
  could also be the other way around . 
  they have so few pregnancies , due to better protection . 
  no , that 's actually wrong . 
  they have slightly higher . 
  we get kids later and later in life . 
  i think first kid , the woman is around 28 on average . 
  if we want to li 've in a sustainable world , we need to increase the birth rate to replacement levels . 
  what did the police say ? 
  i have a hard time believing that 50 % . 
  need more source . 
  so , it 's a non-descripti phrase , that `` works '' for almost every case ? 
   what would actually change in practice from day to day ? 
  what are the main arguments against joining in the norwegian debate ? 
  fishing and farming . 
  what 's a decent english translation for that ? 
   well yes , but most of those plans offer a product that varies to some degree ( more bandwidth , better coverage ) . 
  a lot of plans offer the same bandwith , just with different companies . 
   here you just get the same electricity . 
  no , you often get to chose how the electricity is produced . 
  good thing then that the monopoly does n't provide the power , only the cable . 
  so , like any other thing you have to buy , like insurance , internet plans , etc. 
  and yet , only when the same thing happens in sweden is it news worthy . 
  * sigh *, 
   we 're playing the long * boat * game ... 
  not really .
