  yeah , but he 's not scottish is he ? 
  merckx . 
  we read about abelian groups for my master in cs . 
  breivik , unfortunately . 
  dr johnson ? 
  he apparently travelled a lot , stumbled across his name all the time . 
  it 's hard not to think he 's danish with that name . 
  [ this is my forest , last spring ] ( http://imgur.com/ouskxhp ), 
  finland and sweden are n't in nato , so i do n't think effective defence is a good reason . 
  i use all sorts of payment , when appropriate . 
   and it 's also instinctual in men . 
  * [ citation needed ] *, 
  quite the opposite . 
  it 's a bit embarassing about the amount of swedish litterature laureates . 
  most flags are synthetic , so please dont ' t burn them . 
  recycle !, 
  it 's illegal to burn waste - with a few exceptions - so it would be illegal to burn a flag i believe . 
  we removed all special laws pertaining to the flag in 1983 . 
  truck drivers , ferries , cheap labour , cheap vodka . 
  sorry , growing up in karlskrona in the 80s ... 
  when , not if . 
  did n't know about that , only about you serie a team and baggio . 
  i work in the foresthe now and then , but the wildlife usually avoids me . 
  managed to surprise a moose and a fox , the later was out playing on a road . 
  deer of course , they are often out in the fields dusk/dawn/night . 
  a wolf walked through our village in broad daylight a couple of years back ( photos in the paper ) , but did n't see it . 
  a lot of wild boars , often your clothes smell like pig shit after a day in the woods . 
  if you can change the meaning of the axis , it 's pointless to compare . 
  so , only with those who agree with you . 
  that 's my view too , nothing to gain , we 'll just look like fools . 
  more olof palme and less g\u00f6ran persson, 
  depends , do you want to discuss with all kinds of people , or only with those who agree with you ? 
  the political compass was made to recruit peopla into the libertarian fold , more or less . 
  it 's useless and us centric . 
  it 's best to keep an eye open , but i 'm not scared . 
  it 's a direct competitor to hm here . 
  that 's because they keep it to themselves , the damn scots !, 
  nah , wage is on the lower end , if your talking about hauling cargo between cities or delivery . 
  that 's a pretty tasteless comment . 
   you end up like those finnish people . 
  you mean , pretty cool ? 
  i approve . 
   never having meals by yourself . 
  god , that would be stressful . 
  that was my first thought too , thank you for saving me the time of taking the test . 
  us politics do n't translate well to us . 
  in our case , it 's the fact that the us has the death penalty . 
  i tihnk they could be granted asylum if they await the death penalty in the us . 
  i know you ca n't be extradited at least . 
  why is soapboxing allowed in this sub ? 
  it was though , elctricity was pioneered by private companies in sweden , fibre is now . 
  these have never been ( all ) public . 
  hospital started by donations from rich people etc. 
  food is always a vital thing that we leave totally to private companies to supply us with . 
  i 'm always suprised there 's no demand for nationalising food supply . 
  i 'm more comfortable with the public doing the regulation and financing and leave the actual job to private options . 
  username checks out . 
   you are right , i \u00b4 ve no problem with privat instituations but the basics should by controlled by state or country , town , by someone who can be held accountable by the public . 
  no problem with choice . 
  what kind of basics are you talking about ? 
  water , food , shelter , healthcare , education , utilities , roads ? 
  water almost all public , major roads owne public , but work and maintenance is done privately , food all private , shelter almost all private , healthcare about even , education mostly public , utilities ( phone , electricity , broadband ) mostly private . 
  it 's a mixed system , really . 
  well , that 's also what i believe after 25 years in the workforce . 
  not that there are n't loads of inefficiency in any large organization , private or not . 
   everytime something is done for profit , ~ ~ they start to cut corners ~ ~ they start to think how to do it more efficiently . 
  for a cynic teenager , every option is unappealling . 
  note that nordstan has been a problem area since the 80s at least . 
  more so to my nordic bros , we 've had free movement for as long as i can remember . 
  not that i would ever move to an inferior nordic country , but still . 
   a lot of norwegians/icelanders studying in gothenburg , back in the days . 
  ** not ** switzerland . 
  no joke . 
  i work in my own worker cooperation . 
  only one worker so far , though . 
  shit posters are shit , regardless of flair . 
  it 's a problem , especially up north where it 's just a few hours of dim light , or even none at all . 
  i take a long lunch break and go for a 1h + run . 
  it helps . 
  they are in schengen/eea , good enough i believe . 
  a nordic union would at least start out more losely coupled than current eu . 
  thanks , exactly what i was looking for !, 
  several : 1 ) i do n't have one . 
  2 ) they are often quite small 3 ) flat is easier to compare, 
  have n't you seen nanny mcphee ? 
  [ p\u00f6lsa ] ( http://stockholm.jorgeneriksson.se/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/20130113_114053-copy1.jpg ) similar to haggis . 
  tefl ? 
  there 's of course a lot of pro-english bias in an english forum , be careful to extrapolate to all users . 
  how do you guys feel about finand ? 
  we have some ( a lot ) historical ties , but maybe not denmark ? 
  swedish cinnamon bun is best cinnamon bun !, 
  it 's also country of origin . 
  fits perfectly with a warm cinnamon bun . 
  ah , that 's what paella means : rice with things . 
  and the other 357 days ? 
  forgot to mention clothing . 
  i know my waist and inseam in inches . 
  also chainsaw bars are measured in inches . 
  historically lumber was cut and sold in inch and foot . 
  very conservative business , so this was the last remnant of non-metric measurements i believe .
