  nope , we 're there too . 
  at least according to 2013 stat . 
  far ahead in what ? 
  not in birthrate . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:total_fertility_rate,_1960%e2%80%932014_ ( live_births_per_woman ) _ yb16.png, 
  are we talking about recreational use or as a prescription drug ? 
  you can get all sorts of narcotics as a prescription , but it still not legal to use it for fun . 
  you rather hit your kid than your wife ? 
  less than average , i 'd say . 
  :( you 'll get there soon , i hope . 
  no , the other way around . 
  punishment for adults are more severe than kids . 
  below 15 you ca n't be punished , i believe . 
  but we don have corporal punishment for adults either . 
  no caning , flogging or capital punishment . 
  well , if you love your kids is really hard not squeezing them tight . 
  yup , when my wife nags i usually hit her just to make her stop . 
  hugging is violence now ? 
  kid : hitting adult : hitting kid kid : hitting back , as per the lesson that any non-defence violence will lead to violence . 
  and so on . 
  not at all , talking is much more effective in teaching morals and values . 
  i did , a couple of posts back . 
  it 's clear that in the us there is a difference between an adult and a child , some punishments are allowed against a child that are n't allowed against an adult . 
  prove me wrong . 
  so now you have two people fighting instead of one . 
  success ? 
  yes , have you never learnt stuff by being talked to ? 
  i mean , it 's how school does it . 
   it 's fine to hit a kid but not an adult can you make up your mind already ? 
    stop making shit up . 
  really ? 
  in most of the us it 's ok to hit your kid . 
  hitting your wife is a bit different , i believe . 
  you ca n't teach a kid to not hit , by hitting it . 
  quite the opposite . 
  you can teach it to fear you , of course . 
  make them stop ? 
  sometimes it works , often it does not . 
  now what ? 
  what do you mean by `` discipline '' ? 
  punish them ? 
  make them stop ? 
  teach them the right thin to do ? 
  it 's fine to hit a kid but not an adult can you make up your mind already ? 
  ridiculous way to argue . 
  i 've heard conflicting info around this . 
  are you sure it 's a definite ban ? 
  how would you teach kids not to use violence by hitting them ? 
  it 's child abuse in 50 + countries . 
  honorary nordics . 
  i love swiss meatballs , and ikea !, 
  there 's not really any public support for legalising . 
  alcohol is heavily regulated , smoking tobacco is among the lowest in europe . 
  the idea that another drug should be legalised is very far from reality . 
  in the same way the world went more unstable when the soviet union fell . 
  was it worth it , though ? 
  it would be split between many countries . 
  it 's a compliment , accept it gracefully and move on . 
  true that . 
  then talk to an adult who knows . 
  interesting , we have the same stor here . 
  visings\u00f6 ( 360 hectare ) was planted in 1830 , and 140 years later they were ready for the navy . 
  they declined politely . 
  http://www.visingso.net/en/sevardhet/ekskogen where 's the danish oak forest ? 
  i must go there sometime . 
  now i 'm triggered . 
  miklag\u00e5rd was probably mostly visited by swedish vikings , not the icelandic , so let 's call it the `` old norse name '' . 
  varangian guard was mostly swedes too ( or from the part of scandinavia that is now sweden ) . 
  well , college people get much of their information from the internet , which i think ` overhype ' even more . 
  college people getting info from other college people . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  was also missing sweden . 
  that 's assuming that all people that agree on lgbt marriage in the us , also agree on the other issues . 
  tend to agree does not mean disagree on some issues either . 
  edit : euro barometer from may 2015 said 66 % of germans would like same sex marriage to be approved throughout europe . 
  no , not if i understand their program correctly . 
  could n't find an english translation . 
  they appear to want to negotiate a new deal with eu , and then have a referendum . 
  it just shows that prejudice is n't related to religion . 
  they say they are an eu-critical party , they want to stay out of the euro , and they want less central power to the eu . 
  when we voted in 1994 , v and mp was against joining eu . 
  not outright leaving , but they want eu to have less power . 
  same as the far right . 
  `` our decentralist worldview makes us an eu-critical party , and therefore we work to change the union . 
  the swedish green party opposes the development towards a european federation . 
  we support the idea of eu evolving into a more flexible cooperation in which every member state can choose which parts to participate in , within reasonable limits . '', 
  https://www.mp.se/sites/default/files/mp_partiprogram_english.pdf page 34 , down left . 
   still far-right is the most anti-immigration and single issue voters support it the most . 
  agree , but this is n't related to the stance on eu . 
  they are separate . 
  mp and sd have both similiar opinion of eu ( less power to eu , stay out of the euro ) , one is the most pro-refugees , the other the least . 
  v is the most against eu of all major parties , and are the most left . 
  eu and refugees are not really linked in sweden , and neither is eu linked to the left . 
  the two left-most parties ( v and mp ) are against the eu . 
  oh , wikipedia . 
  here ' are all swedish polls , pick anyone you like . 
  in swedish , but i think you understand . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about any more . 
  i ca n't find your quote in any of those links . 
  what was the source of the quoted text above ?
