  adapt school so that we do n't exclude one ( pretty large ) set of pupils, 
  time to change school to fit all pupils then . 
  i 've seen a lot of posts claiming that sweden has become dangerous for jews and anti-semitism is rising ( due to them pesky muslims i presume ) . 
  it appears it might not be completely true , looking at the numbers . 
  [ breakfast for a king !, 
  ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/9/8216/8317312642_46c64967ef_b.jpg ), 
  if you decide to take e1 north , you 'll come by my house . 
  they are of course welcome back , but i do n't think they are so inclined . 
  this was a counterexample to your statement . 
  why must there be a single `` narrative '' ? 
  let 's just say `` young good , old bad '' is a bit of oversimplification . 
   much more often the more important issue is the morality of a situation , i.e. 
  should we continue to invest in coal ? 
  and who should decide this . 
  young men more likely to vote hofer than older men . 
  12,000 year old growth ? 
  does n't look like that on the pictures , or google earth . 
  i 'm both surprised that we are so low , and that crime/violence is the top concern . 
  maybe due to recent gang-related killings ? 
  i assume `` the company '' has been given green light from the government , who weighted pros and cons ? 
  nation of islam ? 
  if the untaxed exception is constant , the resulting tax is progressive ( slightly ) . 
  increasing the exception with higher income , makes the resulting tax * less * progressive . 
  do i spot an ss on his ~ ~ lapel ~ ~ collar ? 
  `` he was captured in the fight for a bridge in caen and classified as a category `` c '' prisoner - or hardline nazi - when he was dispatched to perthshire . '', 
  needs more herring . 
  that 's because companies ca n't be employed . 
  you can create a company in bahamas of you want . 
  your current employer might not want to do business with that , though . 
  oh , i thought it was about kebab pizza with fries , yay or nay ? 
  if we 'll let copenhagen be the capital ? 
  yet , here we are , a bunch of 40 + engineers shaping the future in a high-tech company , based on skill and experience . 
  we 're not completely useless after 35 , which was what a large swedish telecom manufacturer thought once . 
   it 's very easy to overstate the importance and uniqueness of your own time in history . 
  out of 150 , right ? 
  could 've been worse , estimate that means `` only '' 20 % of 50 + vote for them ? 
  and to which amount it gets warped depends on how self-centered you are , and how much empathy you have . 
  if you are egoistical you believe that other people are too , partly to justify your own behaviour . 
  yeah we have ( had ? ), 
  `` pension\u00e4rspartiet '' , which at the most got 0,7 % of the vote . 
  i kind of shows that even old poeple can vote without their own wealth in mind . 
  sure , just realize that young people in general is n't of one and same mind . 
  they stayed in the netherlands ? 
  old people are more wealthy than young people . 
  this is n't something new , it takes time to get wealthy . 
  eventually the current generation will be the wealthiest and most powerful generation this planet has ever seen too . 
   in general the young people are n't voting for the crazier populist parties to the same degree as the old sd is equally popular among all ages in sweden . 
  there 's a much bigger difference between the sexes . 
  i did reply directly to other users . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5fskp2/percentage_of_people_who_say_it_is_essential_to/danf147/ i 'm , sorry , but this started out as a statement general that you commented on . 
  i 'm sure there 's a country specific sub if you only want to discuss one country . 
  and why is that your criteria for relevant ? 
  the article is about several countries , not only yours . 
   you have no idea what hell looks like . 
  are you talking about aleppo ? 
  because i think a lot of syrians did indeed come to sweden recently . 
  irrelevant because it 's not about yuo ? 
  as you can see the decline in trust in democracy which this article states , is the same for swden and the nertherlands . 
  it appears that fertility rate is not a factor . 
  i think the generations that live through a world war ( or two ) had it a bit tougher than the current generation , do n't you ? 
  women born around 1900 and younger only got 2 kids . 
  the transition was made last century . 
  stats from sweden : http://www.scb.se/statistik/be/be0701/2011a01b/di_02_sv.gif, 
  over the next several year , the younger generation will get older , and an even younger generation will complain about how the old generation left them a mess . 
  it 's kind of a given . 
  it depends on how self-centered you are , and how much empathy you have . 
  claiming other groups are only in it for their profit , is one way to rationalize yourself being selfish . 
  you 're a bit cynical ? 
  i believe most people vote for what they believe is best for the country , not how they personally get the most benefit . 
  there are of course exceptions and you might be one of them . 
  yeah , if only the young , educated , intelligent people with all the right views were as plentiful in real life as they were on reddit . 
  / s those who were old were once young , and those who are young now will also get old . 
  making up an inter-generational struggle is counter productive . 
  you got better ? 
  this is about fatalities , seldom you get killed hitting another car in a roundabout or traffic light . 
   ban school visits to church . 
  if was referring to this , which you were about 40 years too late to attribute to muslims . 
  i 've never heard of anyone trying to abolish christmas , are you thinking about the christmas card also including or - by jove !, 
  - replacing jews and christian orthodox seasonal greetings ? 
  is that a problem for you ? 
  this protest has been going on since the 70s , of course from the liberal atheists then . 
  you know , not muslims ? 
  so , when i was kid last millennium , we all went to church for end of year . 
  no outright church activity . 
  still , there were one or two differently christian ( mormons ? 
  i do n't know . 
  jews ? ), 
  who did n't have to attend . 
  but sure , if you were born this millenium , you might believe that entire western europe was a christian hegemony 20 years ago and that muslims are a new threat to christianity . 
  ( above is my experiences in sweden ), 
  or both . 
  it 's not that easy to define who 's in and who 's out , and everybody has different views . 
  it 's like asking how many swedes are christians . 
  and you can select which religious society you want the money sent to . 
  do you guys need help from the north ? 
  to sort it out ? 
  just give us a call ... 
  yeah , bought stuff from ebay , paid with paypal , from germany . 
  no way to buy without paying the german vat . 
  same here , would this change now ?
