  not many people left ? 
  the heading was pure click-bait , though . 
  we were talking about finland and sweden . 
  exactly , never mind the increase in violence that follows the increase in availability of booze . 
   because sweden is internationally known for its great cousine . 
  http://www.traveller.com.au/stockholm-sweden-food-tour-what-is-real-swedish-food-like-1188j6 well , maybe it should be ? 
  is that still around ? 
  more similarity between the us and germany than between the us and eu . 
  germany is pretty similar to the us . 
  interesting , how easy is it for you to visit neighbouring countries ? 
  yes , different parts of the same country is not the same as different countries . 
  if they apologised i guess it 's not terrorism then . 
  / s the harrods bombing was n't very specific in which it killed , was it ? 
  like ira and the harrods bombing ? 
  those they killed were `` europeans '' . 
  no , but bader meinhof and ustasje made terrorist attacks in sweden during the 70s . 
  more people killed then , than ever the jihadsit have accomplished here . 
  he did n't write anything about muslims . 
  does n't matter really why we are safer now , does it ? 
  and dead . 
  in what way is he wring ? 
  you both claim that homicide decreases ? 
  that 's why young people often overreact . 
  not much previous expericene to compare and contrast too ,, 
  well , if you were n't born in the 70s i guess you do n't remember . 
  so how far back should we go to be `` current '' ? 
  1 year ? , 5 years ? 
  20 years ? 
  in the graphics above , ~ ~ 2011 ~ ~ 2012 was the first jihadist terror in ~ ~ 6 ~ ~ 7 years . 
  `` ting '' is still used for courts colloquially . 
  i agree , that 's why i used quotes . 
  i have no idea either . 
  so , what info are you missing ? 
  what do you need to know , exactly , that 's not in the report ? 
  beggars usually live in tents or cars ? 
  what kind of information should be able for you to judge if it is valid or not ? 
  i do . 
  you have to save for the winter . 
  no , we were n't collaborating with germany . 
  would n't sweden and finland have different requirements for defence ? 
  we have some water to help us , but finland has a land border towards you know who . 
  i do n't know . 
  thanks , neutral bro . 
  we did however `` collaborate '' some , most notably with finland and the allied side . 
  the top comment in this sub thread stated how things 's are according to un . 
  if you disagree on how it * should be * , fine . 
  do n't go to the library , then !, 
   is it really too much to ask that a citizen of a country should speak the de facto or de jure official language of that country ? 
  many countries have several official ( facto or jure ) languages . 
  uk , ireland , belgium , switzerland , norway , finland , denmark etc. . . spain could be one of them . 
  the last part is not in any definition i 've seen from the un . 
  surprisingly large difference between neighbouring countries that usually come close in attitudes ( e.g. 
  methodology error ? 
  where in the above definition is it stated when you stop being a refugee ? 
  sweden took in refugees from chile in the 70s . 
  are you saying those were n't really refugees either ? 
  just like the chilean refugees after the pinochet coupe . 
  this is n't really something new . 
  so if you flee `` his or her country because of persecution , war , or violence . '', 
  and end up in germany , you 're a refugee . 
  obviously you need logistics , which is not the same as power projection . 
  no , acute . 
  there is no consensus in europe , neither among the current eu members or among those countries outside the eu that increased spending will be towards a joint eu force . 
   there is consensus in europe that if ... are they leaving europe ? 
  humantiarian or peacekeeping efforts do n't require a great deal of power projection . 
  it has potential , i 'll give you that . 
  this guy busses . 
  did n't you read the article ? 
  this has nothing to do with either muslims or far right . 
  it 's plain violence . 
  yes , at least in the 80s . 
  spanish is the most popular third language in school right now . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  it 's hit and miss . 
  the first step is awful if you are sued to studying , the point is more to teach swedish to not-so-educated immigrants . 
  ive heard people having better success with the higher levels . 
  on the other hand , you have a lot of medium sized industrial companies , that we envy you . 
  arresting and taking into custody is not the same thing you pompous pomp . 
  this is about if the police should arrest the kids or not . 
  we do n't arrwt kids where i 'm from . 
  it 's up to the social service to decide what should happen with the kid . 
  what 's your solution ? 
  well , assignig blame wont help the kids that for sure . 
  i suggest the local authorities help the kids . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  is this good or bad ? 
  should it be higher or lower ? 
  what level should we aim for . 
  yes , because assigning blame will of course help with the life of those kids . 
  / s we need to help the kids , possibly the family too . 
  so what , it 's not about the father but the kid . 
  not where i 'm from . 
  under 15 , off to child protection service . 
   very clever , but nobody is contesting that its worse eating meat than vegetables . 
   you and another poster stated that reducing or ending meat consumption would not matter . 
  so you do n't read what i write but just barring out your standard reply . 
  i stopped reading your reply right there , i guess it 's more of the same made up argument . 
  my point is that eatingg vegetables does n't solve your problem , and that growing only vegetables for food consumption also brings with it agricultural problem . 
  that 's my point . 
  that 's why i 'm here .
