  what 's the difference between a private chauffeur anouncing his services by advertising on the newspaper or by giving you his card , and a taxi service ? 
  so , the government can decide efor themselves what bills they should print , or what should be the decision process ? 
  is the non-prinrtign of a 1000 eur bill a threat agains the people ? 
  yup , as long as you get payed more than the cost of maintaining the car , it 's not car pooling or ride sharing anymore . 
  then it 's on demand transportation for money , and i call that taxi . 
  `` correct '' , you mean ? 
  in this case they decided he was n't under 18 . 
  so , either he decided to stop lying , or they figured it out anyway . 
  ... and the applicant can chose to take one if she/he wants to . 
  if not , the ruling immigrations have made stands . 
  and it is not made by medical examining . 
  which you also can achieve by talking to them . 
  so frist all kids should be housed with adults , until immigrations can make a ruling ? 
  that could take months . 
  i think that 's pretty backwards, 
  really ? 
  what would you do with the people until their age is determined and their application is processed ? 
  unless he was malnourished from the age of 12 , which has stunted his growth ? 
  talking works too , there 's not a clean , technical 100 % certain , automated process . 
  there seldom is , when it comes to humans . 
   but that 's not true as he was placed in a child detention centre ? 
  he was placed there before immigration made the decision . 
  it 's a holding pen for applicants . 
  if you know the age already , why check at all ? 
  immigrations decided ( as is standard ) he was not a child by talking to him . 
  he can appeal and ask for a bone check if he wants . 
  swedish source : http://www.gp.se/nyheter/goteborg/1.2988325-migrationsverket-misstankte-alexandra-mordaren-ar-vuxen the process in english : http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/protection-and-asylum-in-sweden/children-seeking-asylum/without-parents/application-for-asylum/age-assessment.html, 
  the decision to not grant him asylum was made by immigration after checking his age . 
  it was not ordered by the courts . 
   maybe now sweden will amend its policy regarding refugee children age checks . 
  it was that exact policy and method that concluded he was n't . 
   why ? 
  a random grown-up syrian person could to a very high degree verify if someone is from syria from a small chat . 
  as would i identify an estonian . 
  the chatting part is how it is done now , and what lead to the conclusion that the suspect was not a child . 
  swedish association of paediatrics says it 's not good enough , and do not recommend it . 
  there 's an ongoing investigation into what if any methods to use . 
  this is the current process : http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/protection-and-asylum-in-sweden/children-seeking-asylum/without-parents/application-for-asylum/age-assessment.html ( edit : switch a missing source with a better one ), 
  they are checking ( as evidenced in this case ) , but it is slow , and there 's no agreement which methods are good enough . 
  in this case , the decision came after talking to the guy . 
  things like libel , slander and compromising pictures that have been removed on the source site , would be good to also remove in searches . 
  ` storbritannien ' is the correct term , but in normal day to day it 's often ` england ', 
  defence spending has been cut severely the last couple of decades . 
  we 're not in nato , so of course not . 
  sorry , do n't watch netflix . 
  huh ? 
  i did n't even know that . 
  that 's how much this affects me in my daily life . 
  ok , the article was worse than my initial reading . 
  regularly using england when talking about the island-dwellers next island over from our arch-enemy . 
  normally , when reporting crimes in the paper , not much is said about the perpetrator ( sex and age , sometimes nationality ) . 
  the came in 2011/12 if i recall correctly , and it seems to be slightly less now ( at least during winter ) ( i g\u00f6teborg ) . 
  the beggars are eu citizens ( looking at you , b. and r. ) . 
  there 's a sizeable population of immigrants from those parts of the world already , so a few more is n't noticeable day to day . 
  mostly because they are held up in camps . 
  it 's henke , of course !!, 
  i thought it was a decent article , at least the first half . 
  exaggerrated , but still decent . 
  if it 's a death or just a short * fika * remains to be seen . 
  he kinda exaggerated a bit . 
   but it 's definitely on hold . 
  i have a hard time believing it will be permanent death , though . 
  hope not . 
  but who knows . 
  correct , the point is that nationalsozialismus is n't the same as ( or even close to ) sozialismus . 
  he had policies from left , right and center ( abolish land tax ? ) . 
  if we agree on that , i 'm good . 
  yes , the same point as i did in my first response . 
  but it 's not a debate , more pointing out the facts . 
  why i 'm asking ? 
  the original polish man claimed that all his professors said so . 
  are you in the same country ? 
  if not , what did they teach you in school ? 
  it 's not a trick question . 
  do you also consider north korea democratic ? 
  it 's in their name , after all . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  and you ca n't say he was a socialist either . 
  in what country did they teach you he was ? 
  yes , there 's always a manual backup system , when the automatic system . 
  breaks or is not used because reasons . 
  you do know that disabling the safety system is a typical and documented procedure , right ? 
  nobody is going to jail for that . 
  he would n't like to get arrested in sweden , because then he would have non-finite chance of going to jail . 
  even if he 's a hero to redditits , he 's not above the law . 
  shtf ? 
  i see , even though you do n't know , you assume it was a fault of management , and blame them as usual . 
  fine , but there was n't anything in the article that hinted at that . 
  taking swings at management is of course always fun . 
  field technician going rouge ? 
  i doubt there was a field technician involved . 
  who is `` the guy '' you refer to ? 
  my guess from the info is that the driver got order from traffic control to override a signal according to procedure . 
  it has happened before . 
  `` if you read so many books you probably know that hitler ideology has more in common with left ideology . '', 
  are you saying he 's not left ? 
  ok , great . 
  we agree . 
  do you want to argue if he 's socialist ? 
  he was n't a socialist either .
