  fascinating, 
  it 's about time [ s\u00fcmeyye ] ( http://im.haberturk.com/2015/08/26/ver1440573779/1120352_620x410.jpg ) got married . 
  although i think she prefers arab princes . 
  last time i checked , kurds were not a series of identical copies of a single person . 
  they have different values and attitudes and factions . 
  any statement in form of `` kurds are ________ '' , `` kurds want ______ '' is bullshit . 
  so , worst of both worlds ? 
  just be aware that there are multiple unrelated organizations called hizbullah . 
  it literally translates to '' party of god '' so a pretty obvious and popular choice . 
  but then we would n't have the south park episode the hobbit !, 
  playing some bell or something . 
   according to the volkskrant , the movement is non-violent and gives western muslims more freedom . 
  young women , for example , do not cover their hair and are known to wear a lot of make-up . 
  while true that his stance is strongly non-violent , he is all sorts crazy , and follows a model of money -  cult -  fame -  more money cycle . 
  damn what is that nutjob 's work doing there ? 
  his main business is plagiarizing american churches and publishing them under an islamic tone . 
  that guy so surreal . 
  most names used by kurds are assyrian or persian in origin . 
  as a ~ ~ geography retard ~ ~ geographically challenged person i wish they included the province names as well . 
  turks are deeply divided between rte worshipping conservatives who love everything from arab culture and the ones who want to distance themselves from everything middle east . 
  bonus : the news headline says `` fet\u00d6 threw koran into garbage '' . 
  i do n't know why nobody mentioned it . 
  actually we should skip vi and go directly for vii , or get vi but call it vi.v . 
  it 's called two brothers, 
  when everybody left , turkey will be turkin . 
  there was a writing prompt at / r/writingprompts about this yesterday . 
  worst , i saw `` franse friets '' in a dutch mcdonald 's . 
  thanks for the ear cancer . 
  i had a `` no touching to flags except turkish policy '' during my time there , i think you were the only other flag i helped . 
  i love that it started with germany invading france . 
  good thing for the people . 
  bad for the asshole hotel owners and tourism agents . 
  indeed , since 1570s . 
  joke 's on you . 
  expats have no money . 
  howto learn dutch : 1 . 
  try to learn german . 
  fail miserably . 
  pick up dutch book . 
  realise it 's almost the same , but slightly easier grammar and weirder pronounciation . 
  try to talk to a dutch or belgian . 
  they see you fail and reply in english out of politeness . 
  pretty sure it 's trained . 
  i like the way you think . 
  source is her instagram : https://www.instagram.com/p/bpstkyxb026/, 
  correct . 
  actually that was her intention . 
  just do this with a straight face and see people 's reactions . 
  i would talk to her if i saw her really . 
  no , her first attempt at performance arts . 
  find algernop doctor krieger . 
  they are welcome to come and get it . 
  below the sea level . 
  why is there purple in america ? 
  til david tennant is moldovan . 
  probably vollendam . 
  that place is more of a tourist display for traditional cheese making process i think . 
  still cool place to visit . 
  i love the style although the mountains are pretty inaccurate and out of scale . 
  great job . 
  it 's best thing ever . 
  i ca n't stand sugary drinks , so a sour fermented turnip juice is amazing . 
  mm kofola . 
  i have a slight suspicion that muslims being mass murdered and un failing to protect them does n't make much of an interesting story . 
  especially when your own country was not involved in the events , so not very relevant to national history either . 
  so `` feed '' ? 
  this happened to someone i know . 
  the small tourist hotel she worked with got a letter a few months ago , stating that their vacuum cleaner is of a brand that supports fet\u00d6 and they are instructed to get rid of it and buy a new one . 
  and i would n't be surprised if it really happens . 
  15th july is approaching , expect some really weird shit . 
  \\ # 12 is guy jumping out of 1st floor window to join a fight . 
  people of adana love their fights . 
  i never had it , but i understand why it sucks if you are graded on it . 
  okay , thanks for the info . 
  i do n't really believe that is the connection , just find it funny in a messed up way . 
  what 's worse is , the symbol of antwerp , the capital of diamond trade , is a severed hand . 
  shame on me that i just saw the ~ ~ connection ~ ~ juxtaposition , despite living there for a couple of years now . 
  kind of . 
  all executions had to be authorised by the parliament , which has n't happened since 1984 , and in the meantime it gradually became harder to sentence to death . 
  indeed the final step was taken in 2004 by erdogan government to abolish it completely . 
  we should send capital punishment loving turks your way . 
  it 's a common urban exclamation . 
  describing slang does n't really make much sense . 
  why is antwerp brighter than paris ? 
  i am currently living in belgium . 
  although i like fresh milk much better , i mostly buy uht for long life and keep it in the fridge anyway . 
  also most milk in supermarkets are uht . 
  no , there are several ways you can serve . 
  first , depending on your education and some other factors , you can be a private or a temporary officer . 
  if you become and officer , you have some administrative duties in addition to standard combat training . 
  if you are a private , you will most probably end up getting combat training and wasting your time while staying ready for combat . 
  but , depending on the location , and your job/talents , you can be employed as a musician , accountant , counselor , waiter , barber , cook , shopkeeper etc. 
  if the installation needs those personnel . 
  we also have some local terror problem so you can also end up in real combat which is awful . 
  then kudos to finland !, 
  in turkey , it is usually a waste of 18 months of your time . 
  you can buy it only if you are living and working abroad . 
  it is not for local residents . 
  that is not how it works . 
  you have a semi-random task that is assigned to you .
