czech ? 
  really ? 
  they say these people have a lot of energy . 
  yes and they want to change that . 
  do you also happen to do crossfit ? 
  it will be a glorious day when turkey gets rid of him . 
  this is madness . 
  no , god . 
  no , god please no . 
  noooooo, 
  it is not the other way around , unfortunately . 
   what do you mean ? 
  recapturing zaolzie in circumstances strangely similar to those when it was captured by czechoslovakia in 1919 , maybe except that in 1938 no czechoslovakian citizens died and in 1919 czechoslovakian army executed a dozen or so polish pows on top of polish soldiers who died during regular warfare ? 
  did they teach you this at school ? 
  is it not ? 
  well not only mosques in western europe are financed by saudi arabia . 
  the politicians are on the saudi 's payroll as well . 
  none of immigrants live in former gdr ? 
  have you ever been there ? 
  they are too busy funding is . 
  has n't it been clear from the beginning ? 
  i 'm afraid our poor little country can not afford to do this . 
  has he ? 
  lol , if this happened here , people would go nuts . 
   he basically is the idiot who through sheer incompetence managed to turn a stable and rich country to a destroyed poor country engulfed in civil war if he is an idiot , how the hell do you think he managed to stay alive and retain his very position ? 
  gaddafi held absolute power and he was done in less than a year . 
  assad had never even dreamt of such a powerful position but is still here . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  rich oil nations are showering europan leaders with money to make them behave the way they want to . 
  what are the chances rajoy 's partido popular is financed by saudi arabia ? 
  i 'd say as high as those for podemos being financed by iran . 
   the visegrad group likes to lump these sentiments in ` fucking weu ' well `` fucking weu '' is only the opinion of a very vocal but numerically rather inferior minority of people here . 
  the article is just crap . 
  the author has only a very shallow understanding of eastern and central europe . 
  he does n't even seem to have cared enough to do some research about the political systems . 
  the czech president is a mostly ceremonial figure , he does not have any substantial power . 
  the prime minister is the most powerful representative , yet neither his name nor his office are mentioned in the article . 
  they have made an effort to take some christians . 
  you mean anti-government rebels . 
  being a christian refugee does not mean you 'll have any advantage over muslim refugees . 
  so , fake christians do not happen . 
  also , that number is from just before the invasion and has changed significantly . 
  christians were under saddam 's protection . 
  after his fall , the situation for them in iraq became a lot worse . 
  many left to syria , where they enjoyed protection similar to pre-invasion levels in iraq . 
  well , now they do n't anymore . 
  why do you like us ? 
  there 's literally no reason . 
  well , how much power does he actually have ? 
  not much , i think . 
  europe 's most powerful person is angela merkel , not juncker . 
  is it ? 
  you sure erdogan wo n't find a way to get those 13 votes somehow ? 
  based on what i read here , i was under the impression it wo n't be that hard for him . 
  how does the bosnian government respond to this trend ? 
  are they critical of it ? 
  i think that letting saudi arabia spread its influence in such a manner is directly against the interests of your government . 
  let us hope they will vote so in the referendum . 
  yes , lets buy some greek islands for refugees . 
  greece 's debt - solved . 
  migrant crisis - slightly mitigated . 
   taking in refugees that have to be supported and trained is a whole different story . 
  let me answer with this : yesterday 's news - hundreds of iraqis ( who fled from is and live in a refugee camp in erbil ) were offered to be accommodated in the czech republic . 
  they will be airlifted from erbil in iraq and accommodated . 
  after mandatory three-month quarantine during which they will undergo medical treatment and intensive language courses , they will be all allowed ( and helped ) to find jobs . 
  you claimed there was no solidarity for people fleeing from war in eastern europe . 
  poland accepted and gave work to hundreds of thousands of people from ukraine , many of whom were affected by war . 
  but in your world , it 's just boosting poland 's work force . 
  last year poland issued 331,000 permits for short-term work to ukrainians , up 50 % on 2013 , says marta jaroszewicz , a migration expert at the centre for eastern studies ( osw ) , an independent warsaw thinktank funded by the polish government . 
   my problem with eastern europe is , that there is no solidarity with the people fleeing from war . 
  how many syrians does poland accept ? 
  there are more refugees living in my city currently . 
  that 's what your media is telling you . 
  we have solidarity . 
  lets take just poland . 
  hundreds of thousands of ukranians are coming there . 
  how different are they from syrians or other `` refugees '' ? 
  the vast majority of people coming to germany do not want elsewhere . 
  many migrants throw away their passports and burn their fingers in order not to be registered anywhere else than in germany . 
  impossibru . 
  place a bet . 
  i 'd say the question is how much have the results been tampered with . 
  not yet !, 
  keep your chin up !, 
  votes of those parties which did n't reach 10 % threshold are distributed to those parties that passed the borderline . 
  if i understand the turkish system correctly , each district has its own amount of mandates , which are distributed based on the results in that district . 
  this means that the party 's percentage does not directly translate into its number of seats . 
  i 'm so sorry for your country !, 
  stay strong . 
  before 2002 is 13 + years ago . 
  a lot can happen in 13 years , and the middle east changes rapidly . 
  yes , you just find a good internal/external enemy and people will ask for limiting freedom of speech themselves . 
  only $ 18 million ? 
  there are many people of czech descent in nebraska , that 's why . 
  also , fuck yeah , texas . 
  by your logic , qatar should be the best place to live . 
  it has the greatest per-capita gdp . 
  but it is n't for most of the people there . 
  most `` ethnically european '' people in the west do n't really think about demographics . 
  they are busy living their comfortable lives and as long as today is the same as yesterday , this will not change .
