and you 've had any takers ? 
  no one likes the second arc . 
  i agree , of all the ways to go , to voluntarily subject yourself to one of the worst of them ... that 's crazy in my book . 
  holy shit , for those interested it says `` lithuanian pleb , kneel before your polish masters '' . 
  took some liberties in the translation , but i believe it preserves the tone of the message the best this way . 
  still nothing compared to crossing the border with ukraine . 
  it 's not that clear-cut , because there obviously are checkpoints in the way , but the difference is mind-boggling . 
  it actually lets you appreciate how much improvement our roads have seen in the last decade or so . 
  came here to say that . 
  homosexuality * is * sin in some religions , but i 'm amused that it 's mentioned in an ethics textbook . 
  more like bird poo , right ? 
   germany and ussr did worse things in ww2 , nobody has problems with that now . 
  to be fair , germans do n't glorify the nazis , if anything they are still paranoid of doing anything that could be seen as nationalism . 
  ukrainians , on the other hand , build monuments to [ stepan bandera ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stepan_bandera ) and name schools and streets after him . 
  i personally do n't think that one was intentional . 
  sure , they did n't do everything that they should , but had the crew done everything correctly , there would be no crash . 
  i think being less accommodating was motivated by the general dislike of poland , not a plan to cause a crash . 
  in my opinion the best proof of that theory was ironically the treatment of polish investigators after the crash . 
  russians just do n't give a fuck and do everything to stall the investigation . 
  there was no need to weaken poland , because they do n't see us as a threat in the first place . 
  why risk the consequences ? 
  nothing to gain , and a lot to lose . 
  good point , although [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disabled_parking_permit ) says that you also have temporary permits in usa :  most if not all states have blue permits for people with lasting or permanent disabilities , and temporary permits that are red or another color for short term conditions such as broken legs or recovering from surgery . 
  that would probably make the most sense . 
  edit : i just realized what subreddit i 'm in , the country is n't the most important thing here , though . 
  the article mentions that the situation is similar in uk , too . 
  people have a problem with that , because they think that since most obese people are to blame for their weight , they should n't qualify . 
  on the other hand , there are a lot of quadriplegics who got hurt by jumping head-first into shallow water . 
  should they be denied the benefits , too ? 
  but can you pronounce `` h '' ? 
  i 'm not that interested in when the photo was taken , i 'm sure you could shoot something like this today , if you were looking to , but rather about the date the book was published . 
  how long ago was it that someone thought it 's fitting to choose this photo describe poland ? 
  wait , is it a recent picture ? 
  like from the last 10 years ? 
  if it is , damn . 
  i would n't consider it a statement either . 
  it 's just such a cool gift in its own right . 
  then again , maybe that 's why i 'm not fit to be a politician . 
  the correct pronunciation has been `` e '' for as long as i remember , but i think it 's more prevalent recently because people often do n't bother to use polish characters when writing on computers or , especially , cellphones . 
  not to mention that `` dzi\u0119kuje '' is also a valid word , so it is n't highlighted when using a spellchecker - it just does n't mean `` thank you '' but `` he thanks '' , which , in my opinion , makes it more irritating . 
  i ca n't believe how many people nowadays get this wrong , even in official texts . 
   on feb 12 , 2008 , russian president vladimir putin said russia may target its missiles at ukraine if its neighbor joins nato and accepts the deployment of a us missile defense shield . 
  i 've never taken the missile pointing rhetoric seriously . 
  you want me to think that sasha will come out of a bunker with his trusty wrench and fine-tune that missile launcher ? 
  i refuse to believe that you have anything less than a google earth-like interface that can be used to target pretty much any place on the planet . 
  people who can afford a # 3000 ticket would n't emigrate in the first place . 
  it may be even more absurd for someone who does play games . 
  i mean , there are n't many games out that would justify this kind of a rush . 
  at this point in time i would be way more hyped to get a ps3 if i did n't have one yet . 
   commodore 64 atari master race checking in !, 
  awesome , thanks . 
  could you help me with something i 've wondered about for some time ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vjwpuyk.png ) is photoshop 's simulation of deuteranomaly ( used on the image in the submission , not your edited version ) . 
  does it look different to you than the original image ? 
  according to photoshop , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aaakt8r.png ) is how people with protanopia-type colorblindness see your image . 
  try again . 
  i think it 's hilarious , btw . 
  what 's the exact wording of the law ? 
  i 'm for letting any establishment choose whether to allow smoking or not . 
  unless it also covers places you ca n't reasonably avoid , like any kind of a government office . 
  you probably know the joke :  visit poland !, 
  your car is already there !, 
  it 's supposed to be a memorial of revolution , back from communism times , but everybody just calls it `` the great pussy '' . 
  also a semi-relevant username . 
  it looks like uk has a fair amount of overlap with alaska . 
  mind-blowing . 
  to be perfectly honest with you , i thought i was just going with the joke . 
  if anything like this existed , i did n't know about it . 
  we do n't speak of the boar wars . 
  it is a time best left forgotten . 
  imagine the shitstorm . 
  pretty much exactly like that . 
  i did n't even realize it until you pointed it out . 
  they should have named it `` prostitution '' if hiring a prostitute is the only thing that falls into the category . 
  there 's a great generational divide here . 
  try talking to people over 40 , and very few will speak any english ( less than 5 % would be my guesstimate ) . 
  with younger poles , you will generally be able to communicate , but in my opinion less than one in ten speaks english very well . 
  you mean actual polish , living in poland people ? 
  or just of polish heritage ? 
  i was just under impression that chopin is one of the few things japanese know about poland . 
  i guess there are n't many japanese people in / r/europe to chime in . 
  seriously , i expected something related to chopin . 
  [ my poor kokoro ] ( https://forum.talonro.com/uploads/monthly_2015_08/mizuki_pyun_meme_right_in_the_kokoro_by_mizukipyun-d8f9zjv.jpg.90d27432e393660a9124f16f57e56cea.jpg ) . 
  wait . 
  does that mean that the member states are n't allowed to introduce taxes that are n't explicitly allowed by eu ? 
  otherwise , what 's the purpose of even discussing it on the eu level if the tax is n't mandatory . 
  be thankful for / r/politics . 
  imagine what reddit would look like if it was n't there to act as a lightning rod . 
  3.5 stars ... 
  the altitude there is more than 1000m . 
  other areas are n't even close to having snow yet . 
  more people should check out bieszczady . 
  less crowded and [ just as gorgeous ] ( http://fotoferia.com/fotos/1/d/f/1d8cfbce591e17cdd60ae61720934447_pan.jpg ) . 
  meaning a surgical procedure ? 
  i expect it to be way too late for my taste , but as i 've said , i 'd pay more attention to brain activity and i 'm not knowledgeable enough about fetus development to know exactly which comes first . 
  i guess to me it boils down to capacity for suffering . 
  this is the problem right there , both sides of the argument discuss different things and refuse to even try to understand the opposite view . 
  very few pro-abortion people want to kill children , because they do n't consider a fetus to be a human being . 
  similarly , anti-abortionists do n't want to take the choice away from women , because once you consider a fetus a human being it 's pretty obvious you ca n't just kill it on a whim - just like killing a toddler is out of a question no matter the circumstances , your financial situation , etc. 
  i 've given it a fair amount of thought and personally have arrived to a conclusion that got me in trouble with people at both sides of the argument : i you consider a newborn to be a human being that you 're not allowed to kill i do n't see a reason that protection should n't extend to a baby in the last day of pregnancy - it 's just as developed and just as dependent on external help to live .
