  the consequences will be for the hamstrung eurozone countries who are still suffering after the crisis . 
  but there you go . 
   turkey is just in a customs union , not in a single market . 
  different name , same difference ? 
  it 's the free movement of goods across borders . 
  or have i got that wrong ? 
   whatever uk will be allowed to get into the single market without any obstacles is yet to be seen , just like it 's yet to be seen if uk votes against eu and then again if uk will leave eu . 
  once a country decides to leave the eu there 's a 2 year period to come to an agreement about what the relationship should be . 
  sure there 'll be a bit of hostility in the beginning but i 'm sure that 'll subside and pragmatism will win out over political mud-throwing . 
  the city benefits from being in the single market . 
  something that you can be a part of without being in the eu . 
  just like turkey is . 
  indeed - on the cityuk homepage ( the lobby group who carried out the study ) theres the headline `` access to single european market key to uk competitiveness '', 
  yeah - the farage/clegg debate has probably stirred it up as well . 
  the joke is that link is blocked in my country ... 
  it 's been down-voted to oblivion already so it does n't matter - but for the sake of clarity - yes you 're right us has committed extra f15s to the baltic air policing mission on 3rd of this month . 
  i did n't do my homework ... 
  relevant excerpt from the link :  mr hammond : as the under-secretary of state for defence , my hon. 
  friend the member for south west wiltshire ( dr murrison ) , has already said , the status of ukraine is quite different from the status of nato countries -- nato countries enjoy the article 5 guarantee , which protects and assures their security -- but we are doing everything we can to reassure our nato allies about the protection that we offer . 
  i am able to advise the house this afternoon that we have taken the decision this morning to offer nato uk typhoon aircraft from late april to augment the polish contribution to the nato baltic air policing mission . 
  i hope that will provide reassurance to our nato allies in the east . 
   humanitarian activist with a bleeding heart i take issue with this accusation . 
  no odder than taking me to task for saying `` in two '' . 
  it 's not even incorrect !, 
  if i had said `` cut in half '' , fair enough ... 
  same with n. ireland i guess , not really in two just losing a digit . 
  not that i condone it . 
   russia does n't need crimea for a * port * shipyards !, 
  a country is being allowed to be cut into two , with no backlash and no response from the eu . 
  i 'm not sure this will be viewed as a victory in the years to come but you never know ... 
  not europe - the eu . 
  that an eu diplomat has to go to the press and stamp his feet shows the true hard power of this institution - fuck all . 
  yes - the eus soft power is alive and well , luring a country in by offering access to trade is all well and good but when it comes to tackling a superpower like russia ( who first offered the ukraine a customs union and a grant ) no amount of impotent tweeting by eu ministers will change the direction of oncoming tanks . 
  my personal prediction is that the crimea will be part of russia from now on ( russia needs the shipyards there ) - the rest of the ukraine may join the eu eventually . 
  clegg has flip flopped on the eu issue so i think there 's a lot of mud that could be thrown . 
  from a slightly more cynical point of view i think that this might be a career move from clegg , a passioned defence of the institution that it 's reported he wants a job at . 
   financial corrections what does financial corrections mean in this context ? 
  and what do the numbers on the chart you provided mean ? 
  some numbers are in the minus ... lots of questions !, 
   `` like winston churchill , i believe that the uk will not be part of this , but it should remain a close ally with the federated eurozone , with which it would continue to share a common market , a common trade policy and hopefully a common security agenda . '', 
  i could live with this . 
  whilst there 's a lot of shit in the us , there 's a lot to admire as well . 
  all the things you quoted i believe would increase representative democracy, 
  whilst the article does n't mention the eu , do you think that the same could be said for it ? 
  well ... does n't that prove his point ? 
  good point , i might have mis-interpreted the parent because he did n't explicitly say it but now i look back it 's probably what ( s ) he meant . 
  the first or the second ? 
  because the first has the guillotine clause and the second does n't, 
  i 'm not sure if free movement ( schengen area ) is affected by the guillotine clause that is attached to the first set of bilateral treaties . 
  what the parent said :  what the hell is the point in keeping `` our own '' currency my reply was to do with ireland having difficulties recently in part because they did n't have their own currency . 
  i did indeed know that ireland has the euro and danmark has the kroner already , thanks . 
  ask ireland . 
  yup , hence the passport checks when traveling . 
  so that 's not true free movement ( as the parent was saying ) . 
  an aircraft carrier with * some * aircraft that can take off and land ( harriers ) whilst the f-35s are still on the way is arguably better than an aircraft carrier with * no * aircraft that can take off and land . 
  i know there 's some merlin helicopters that are being re-fitted for carrier use but still ... 
   its about wanting all the benefits from the eu ( trade , free movement etc ) without wanting to give anything back . 
  efta and schengen are the benefits you mention . 
   `` turkey is much more free than almost all of the eu member countries . 
  now you 're talking about the gezi park incidents ... why do you ignore the incidents that took place in frankfurt , germany ? 
  just recently , incidents took place in hamburg . 
  why do n't you see the incidents in hamburg ? 
  you have seen what the police have done there . '', 
  does anyone know what he 's referring to ? 
   and i do n't think going back to the harrier would be a wise decision in the long-term . 
  we sold them all to the yanks :-(, 
  it 's beyond stupid . 
  unless the ministry of defence has fooled the whole world and secretly has a cunning plan ... update - welcome to the stupidity - we 're going to be working together in the future !, 
  also we sold most of our harrier jumpjets as well . 
   while thierry 's italian colleague called the outcome `` indigestible '' ... 
  very good thierry , very good . 
  it 's just a lazy retort to genuine concerns about the way the eu is run . 
  i think he ( wharton ) is pro-eu but wants to put membership to a public vote to put the issue to bed for good . 
  lab has done the same , if you look at the historical use of the parliament act you wo n't find a correlation between that and public mandate . 
  i get your point about the bill being created in * support * of a public mandate but it 's certainly not been used like that since and i do n't think the wording requires it either . 
   he wo n't have time to force it through using the parliament act parliament act requires that the bill should be rejected twice by the lords in consecutive sessions of parliament . 
  running out of time counts as rejection but the bill needs to be presented in exactly the same form in the next session of parliament ...  this referendum was not in the tory or ld manifestos ... so there is no justification of the parliament act . 
  i 've just wiki 'd some uses of the parliament act and i ca n't see the requirement of being in a manifesto anywhere . 
  there 's some cases where it 's been in a manifesto and some that has n't . 
   it was always going to be killed . 
  cameron wanted it killed . 
  lab and lib dems killed it . 
  it 's my understanding that james wharton introduced the bill without cameron 's consent . 
  cameron has also gone on record as saying that he would force it through the house of lords if he has to using the parliament act . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/10526825/cameron-prepares-nuclear-option-on-eu-referendum.html so , it 'll be interesting to see what happens next . 
  a backlash for what 's going on in ukraine ? 
  seeing as the brics , china , india and african nations have n't signed up to any international treaty regarding global warming it seems that the logical choice would be to shore up sea defence/river flooding prevention . 
  but the focus seems to be on green energy creation - which in the short term at least is making energy costs rise for little benefit . 
  ( all of this is imo , i 'm happy for someone more informed to correct me ), 
   the plan is not secret i 've only been able to find the document leaked on the statewatch site . 
  is it available through official channels ? 
  edit - i 've found it again , but from a german site that also said it has been leaked . 
  i think it 's the meetings that take place in secret - judging by the article . 
  the source for this ( statewatch ) has a bit more info :  enlets , the body that will be given the job of developing closer relations between internal security authorities and industry , was established in february 2008 . 
  more than four years later , at a meeting in cyprus in september 2012 , the group - made up of representatives of police forces ' science and technology departments from across europe - agreed upon seven `` priority areas '' for further work :  automatic number plate recognition ( anpr ) systems , led by cyprus ;  uav ( unmanned aerial vehicle or drone , led by the netherlands ) ;  osint ( open source intelligence , such as that from newspapers or websites , led by romania ) ;  covert listening , in which poland , the uk and the netherlands ( leader of the group ) will exchange info and join an unspecific `` running project '' ;  isint ( instrumentation signals intelligence , a subset of sigint or signals intelligence , led by romania ) ;  ** remote vehicle stopping , led by the uk ; **  `` protective vest/materials and non-lethal weapons '' , led by france . 
  [ 2 ] http://database.statewatch.org/article.asp?aid=32558, 
  got ta be the weather . 
  my danish mother told me to stay clear of finns because they 're always drunk and carry knives but every finn i 've every met seems pretty sound once they start talking ... if they start talking . 
  do n't know about all the other stuff - but danish tv is pretty shocking . 
  growing up all i remember is lykkehjulet ( wheel of fortune ) , and my granddad watching endless repeats of tour de france just incase bjarne riis might win something .
