  it 's not like the uk has n't tried to make helpful suggestions before ; do you remember in 2005 when tony blair suggested more eu wide research and development funding in place of the unfair cap , and then repealing the uk rebate ? 
  that 's because the discussions did n't even take place because any mention of changing the cap gets slapped down immediately . 
  accusations of childishness seemingly does n't get banded around when it 's not the uk however . 
  i 'm glad we 're on the same page on the view of the eu being broken . 
  and i 'm with you on this `` middle way '' being a bad thing . 
  * less * would be better for the time being at least . 
  i do n't know the stats , or really get the picture . 
  can anyone confirm if this picture is correct , bias in one way or the other ? 
   do not stomp your feet on the ground because you are n't getting the attention you think you deserve how else can you voice your concerns ? 
  it 's only because the uk is big that we actually get noticed at all . 
  remember this is the institution that is currently dragging entire countries through the mud so they can prop up their idea of what a currency should look like . 
  this is the institution that wants every member to pony up more cash despite practically all governments in eu states practicing austerity . 
  also , for the 17th year in a row , the european court of auditors -- the eu 's auditors -- refused to sign off on how brussels ' budget was spent . 
  so , i 'm honestly surprised that * more * countries are n't voicing their concerns , and why would n't the electorate of any country vote against an entity * that is hurting your country * ? 
  your future looks a hell of a lot rosier that most of the southern eu . 
   survives mostly thanks to the focal point that is london this is the truth . 
   taking the decision to isolate themselves and putting themselves out ( by choice ! ), 
  this is n't so much . 
  uk wants to re-negotiate their terms . 
  uk is for less eu , a better eu , not * no * eu . 
  what does it tell you when two fantastic ( both actually and fiscally ) countries ( che & nor ) in europe do n't want to be in your club ? 
  an improved and rolled back eu would be very attractive both for the uk and the other countries that are n't already signed up . 
  mario monti and his entire cabinet . 
   the english have suppressed scotland for too long . 
  i think scotland does n't do too badly in terms of representation and tax distribution . 
  i 'm for scotland re-drawing their terms with the uk . 
  what 's wrong with self governance ? 
  a proper link between taxation , representation and expenditure in scotland would revive democracy north of the border . 
  not too sure if complete independence would be good for the time being , or necessary if self governance works out . 
  kind of - silvio was on `` canale 5 '' this morning slagging off the germans ... 
  an unelected eurocrat trying to make italy remain in the euro ?!, 
  shocking . 
  perhaps we should all be looking towards iceland for the way forward . 
  incidentally , if you guys want to see what the uk thinks about this - why not head to a similar thread in uk politics : http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/14fp5w/a_british_exit_from_the_eu_looks_increasingly/ tl , dr : pretty divided and strong opinions on both sides . 
  i 'm honestly surprised there 's not more countries looking at the eu in its current form and not doing the same . 
  i think most brits want to be in some sort of eu , but are seriously disillusioned with what is there at the moment . 
  eu sells more to the uk then what the uk sells to the eu . 
  it 'd be hurting itself in the process . 
  what sort of a deal ? 
  what 's in it for the uk if scotland is n't in the eu ? 
  i wonder if an independent scotland would be a net benefactor from eu membership , presumably the people of scotland are paying more than they get back from membership at the moment due to being part of the uk ... 
  it 's a phenomenon that 's hard to explain . 
  for the benefit of others , this is what normally happens on a weekend trip to spain for a british person : * wear football shirt * drink continuously from 10am onwards * pass out on the street and get your wallet stolen ... 
  if you 're in barcelona you 're also likely to buy a block of hash for 50 euros that is actually a bit of tyre . 
  nope - irony is a statement with several shades of meaning . 
  it does n't matter if it 's the opposite or not . 
  i feel like a teacher in this thread . 
  if you owe people money , if you 're in a gang , if you get involved in drugs -- then your chances of getting shanked will rocket . 
  . . same as anywhere i guess . 
  uk 2nd in the obesity competition ... we ca n't even win at being fat :-(, 
  coincidental * and * ironic . 
  it 's not mutually exclusive . 
  i have it on good authority that canberra is dull as fuck . 
  apparently it 's just roundabouts and suburbs ... 
  i 'm with you on this one , i live in east london at the moment , feel pretty safe despite people telling me otherwise . 
  back where i 'm originally from , there 's a small town that is home to both a large university campus and the barracks for the army 's parachute regiment . 
  that 's basically asking for trouble and i 've personally seen more dangerous shit and genuinely random violence happen down there than i ever have in london . 
  i imagine berlin , malmo , copenhagen and all the rest is the same . 
  edited my original post , because i ca n't actually find the numbers . 
  and i doubt you can either . 
  the eu itself has a ~ ~ massive ~ ~ budget for pr and promotion . 
  p\u00f8lsevogn everywhere ... 
  a massive congratulations to kazakhstan ( i think ) for being the only country who knows about the colonel . 
  greece , if you 're buying your junk food from starbucks then it 's no surprise that you are skint . 
  * facepalm *, 
  germany has done well out of membership , despite paying a lot . 
  see my original post . 
  france has done very well out of membership , despite paying a lot . 
  see also my original post . 
  the uk has not . 
   there is always some way of reading the numbers to make yourself `` pay for it all and get nothing '' . 
  how about net contribution and net spend ? 
  of which the uk receives 40 % less than it contributes ? 
  ( source : http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union ) what metric would you like to use as a comparison ? 
  care to explain yourself ? 
  * nothing except a small rebate * fixed . 
   you have your discount , but feel you still pay too much . 
  i think we do . 
  germany pays a lot , but gets it back because you can sell your superior products at a euro price instead of a deutschemark ( bad spelling , probably ) , plus you have a trade surplus with the eu . 
  france saves its farmers . 
  eastern europe gets the growth fund . 
  uk gets nothing , we export less to the eu than we import , so it 's in the the eu 's interest to keep us in , if we had a swiss style agreement with the eu it would benefit the uk the best . 
  i think most uk people * want * to stay in the eu , but not one where unelected bureaucrats are spazzing away the uks ( and others ) cash with no checks or oversight . 
  tottenham is an area in london , which used to have a jewish population . 
  ... it 's not that hard to get . 
  there 's still large jewish populations close by , and if you live close to a football team you support it . 
  the yid army probably does n't have many jewish people in it anymore , but i imagine it did at one point . 
  the songs and chants stick around even though it 's far from the truth nowadays . 
  see also - west ham and catholics . 
  actually sod that just go to glasgow if you want to see how it works . 
  -- edit -- just one more thing :  a quick look at wikipedia suggests that jews are only about 0.4 % of the british population . 
  how large a proportion of the tottenham supporters can they be ? 
  0.4 % of 63 million people is still a lot of people . 
  are there any danes that agree with this ? 
  i think it 's extrapolating far too much from one movement . 
  i love lars , and i love denmark ( half my family is danish ) - but to say that the whole of denmark has undergone a cultural renaissance due to 2 avant garde film directors is a bit much . 
  imo it 's more like some danish things have suddenly got international critical acclaim and then people have realised that the rest of denmark is * as good as it always has been * . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  i think what i really meant was that under british rule these places had things like common law , tea , and red letter boxes forced upon them . 
  ... not for a moment defending what britain done in the past or anything like that , just saying that thanks to what happened there are some similarities between the commonwealth nations .
