  upvotes for you . 
  you are right of course , but i was responding to the parent who wanted names ... 
  i ca n't find anything anywhere . 
  i ca n't find anything more on the subject through official eu sites . 
  can you ? 
  i think opaque is a good adjective when talking about secret ballots . 
  i also found the link you found . 
  it does n't name names . 
  thank the opaque nature of the eu for that . 
  if there 's a way to find out ; i 'd like to know . 
  -- edit -- downvotes without a rebuttal ... why ? 
  i 've shamelessly ripped this from another comment board - but it sums up nicely the problem here :  the ep claims to be the democratic institution which represents the interests of european citizens . 
  if those citizens do not know how their representatives have voted they are prevented from making an informed choice . 
  a secret ballot may protect meps from public opinion but it undermines the claim to democratic legitimacy . 
  i would n't even know where to begin to find out that kind of information . 
  would it even be available to the public ? 
  denmark might get the rebate it was going for . 
  that 's cool, 
  tl ; dr main points :  a timetable for the enforcement of an eu-wide ban on discards of fish . 
  under the new rules , all fish caught will have to be landed . 
  if enforce propoerly , this should encourage better and more selective fishing techniques . 
   from 2015 , and by 2020 at the latest , eu fishermen will not be allowed to catch more than a given fish stock can reproduce in a given year . 
  for lovers of brussels acronyms , this is called the maximum sustainable yield ( msy ) . 
   annual allocations of fishing quotas will have to be consistent with longer-term management plans for individual fisheries . 
  this is expected to avoid , or at least reduce , the yearly squabbling between national fisheries ministers in brussels . 
   most importantly , management of fisheries will be largely carried out at the regional level - i.e. 
  member states surrounding a certain sea basin will sort out day-to-day issues among themselves , based on broad principles decided in brussels . 
  most of these seem sensible enough . 
  especially the compulsory discarding of fish which looks like a terrible waste of perfectly good fish . 
  tony blair tried to . 
  he said the uk would give up it 's rebate if the cap went under review , and more money was spent on developing the eastern bloc and r&d to make the eu more competative . 
  needless to that got slapped down immediately . 
  i 'd like to see if you ( as a country ) get the same amount of bile and hate the uk gets if you get your rebate . 
  i 'd imagine not . 
  for sure , i do n't dispute anything apart from the pains of moving somewhere for a fat paycheck - which plenty of people do . 
  i 'm sure there 's lots of things stopping people from moving to brussels , but i do n't think logistics or a paycheck is one of them . 
  i live in london and see plenty of people who have moved for work from eu and other places and they do n't think it 's so bad . 
  and it 's not like brussels is miles and miles away . 
  especially from scandinavia which you use as an example . 
  if you check for flights between eu countries - it 's really not that expensive , you 'll be able to go back plenty on the extra 14k ( which is a big pay rise ) you get . 
   as a result , they have really hard time to fullfil employment quotas for richer members ( germany , scandinavia ) . 
  for many is just not worth it anymore . 
  i 'm surprised with the tax breaks that are on offer - from the article :  number 3 ) eu officials pay tax at their own specially low rate . 
  on an average eu salary + expat allowance of around # 78,524.23 you would pay only # 12,610.40 in eu tax ( 16.06 % in total ) . 
  whereas in the uk you would pay # 26,201.54 in tax ( i.e. 
  i do n't know , and i would n't know the steps to find out either ( if someone else can help out , please do ) - but i do know that eu parliament has spent money on what appears to be propaganda . 
  and why ? 
  who signed this off and who does it benefit ? 
  was that the place that was in `` gomorrah '' ? 
   i resent that . 
  washington is openly being run by corporate interests . 
  brussels is not . 
  i thought it was . 
  either way , it 's hardly a shining beacon of democracy . 
  `` man with vested interest demands more money for his cause . '', 
  i think ( fair and representaive ) direct funding would achieve the same thing , whilst also neatly sidestepping the problem highlighted in belgium of your incumbent political rival changing the rules to deny you of it . 
  direct * fair and representative * funding would keep a politician honest - if you saw your contribution being embezzled then you would n't pay that person again . 
  lobbying is a different matter - huge corporations single handedly paying for a successful campaign on the promise of favorable contracts/law changes - that 's not desirable . 
  on the other hand , if you 're being paid handsomely by the tax payer through the state , why would anyone want to reduce the state spending ? 
  * even * though it might be what the electorate wants ? 
   also i do n't think vlaams blok ever got it 's state funding frozen . 
  something like that would cause a huge outrage though and would also be unconstitutional if i 'm correct . 
  i think what you have in mind is simply the cordon sanitair where all the other major parties agreed not to form any agreements with them on specified matters . 
  the wikipeidia entry says that vlaams blok lost access to state funding , and it was done by amending the constitution . 
  effectively losing shutting down the party despite it 's popularity . 
  i do n't know how much outrage it caused though . 
  i 've linked to it before , but a good example from italy is here : http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/22/us-italy-partyfinancing-idusbre84l18520120522 i guess another example close to your home ( if your flag is correct , and apologies if i 've got the story wrong ) would be the established players freezing out `` vlaams blok '' from state funding . 
   political parties should n't be funded by lobbies and companies . 
  i think limiting the amount an entity/individual can donate would fix that . 
  and keep politicians honest as well . 
  state funding leads to politictions trying to assemble their affairs not for the benefit of the people but to benefit themselves - that means more establishment , more taxes , less choice , etc etc. 
   the other most important factor is country size . 
  the bigger the country , the bigger the corporations and the influence they have on the politics . 
  does that also hold true for the eu and its politics ? 
  maybe it 's the implementation ? 
  lots of corruption in italy and their parties are mostly state funded ... http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/22/us-italy-partyfinancing-idusbre84l18520120522, 
  would n't that be open to abuse ? 
  if i was a party then it 's in my own interests to have no competition , because then my party would get all the state money . 
  thus i suggest no parties oppose me . 
   parties which are not approved of can be banned who decides what constitutes a valid party ? 
  the current proposal is that other parties decide who should and should n't oppose them . 
  i think a nice one would be a cap on the most a donation can be ( # 100 ? 
  from the article :  if that does n't alarm you , it should . 
  the de-registration of opposition movements is the favoured tactic of dictators the world over . 
  most autocracies now hold regular elections : iran , china , zimbabwe . 
  but participation in those elections is restricted to approved parties . 
  a polish mep , shocked by the current proposal , told me : ` this is exactly what the communists did . 
  they did n't ban elections . 
  they just banned the people they did n't like from contesting the elections ' . 
  tl ; dr basically the main eu parties are trying to arbitrarily stop funding for the extreme right whilst claiming monies themselves . 
   all about confidence . 
  ... not even a little bit about hard facts and figures ? 
  sovereignty and nationalism can probably be associated with right wing politics . 
  a lot of the back benchers in the tory party actually do care about these things . 
  headline sounds like one of those russian reversal jokes . 
  http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/russian_reversal_ ( joke ), 
  i remember a while ago some eu countries bitching and moaning about your tax rate - something about giving bailout cash but only if the corporation tax gets bumped up ? 
  is that still ongoing or did that get resolved in the end ? 
  broken clock is right twice a day , etc, 
  i 'm pretty sure they do .
