  some serious hyperbole from someone who 's country was embroiled in actual war not so long ago . 
  you could argue the same for iceland - which made a living from foreign investments ( investment banking and financial services ), 
  low tax is an example of a country being dangerous to itself ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_multilingual_countries_and_regions#multilingual_cities apparently london has 80 to 100 different languages being spoke . 
  this corresponds with what i hear on the bus in the mornings . 
  is it time to panic buy absinthe then ? 
  pro tip - it 's an excellent festival drink if you can sneak it in . 
   italy has a lot of tourism coming from the rest of eu and its people often go on holidays in neighboring countries . 
  going back to the lira would mean a strain on there tourists ( and business travelers ) ... and if i have to chose between rome and madrid , all things being equal except for this strain , i 'll chose madrid ... there you go : $ 1000 less in your economy just because of that ... and i wo n't be the only one . 
  what if your euro buys a lot more lira ? 
  if the currency is devalued your money ( as a tourist ) goes a lot further . 
  plenty of europeans go to london and the uk does n't have the euro . 
  same for x amount of eu countries . 
  disclaimer !, 
  -- i do n't have a economics degree . 
  i imagine what would happen is that italy would default , devalue their currency and export their way back to health . 
  might piss off a few people on the way - it might make other eu countries follow suit . 
  it might also be the catalyst to make the eu realise that compared to other parts of the world we do n't work hard enough and do n't save enough and that needs to change pretty sharpish . 
  where do you think the distrust has come from ? 
  you could replace london with barcelona , or any other number of european cities and your post would still hold true ... 
  while this is a good start - i do n't think london will be anything like amsterdam/copenhagen/etc anytime soon . 
  i think a lot of the so-called anti-eu parties are actually asking for reform . 
  fizz off . 
  nice . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/08/eu-budget-agriculture-idusl5n0b82uw20130208 reuters says that agriculture is still getting the highest share . 
  maybe it 's under a different heading but is does n't change much does it ? 
  honestly , because this year the cap is n't the biggest eu contribution somehow wipes out the last x years worth of contribution ? 
   then why on earth did you make claims about it in the first place ? 
  because it 's common knowledge , cap is a huge part of the eu budget . 
  you yourself said it 's 40 % , that 's massive . 
  i read the news , there 's plenty of infographics which say the same . 
  here 's one i googled - it says agriculture is the second largest share ( and it 's been the largest historically ) , of which france in turn takes the largest share of that . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-11645975  in simplistic terms it 's pretty much impossible to capture reality which generally is more complex . 
  it certainly is ... which is why when you say france has the biggest output i can say that probably is n't the entire picture thanks to wine and butter over-production . 
  you 're right it 's being phased out , then we 'll be able to see the real picture . 
  in the mean-time , i 'll stand by what i said . 
  i 've not seen it , but in simplistic terms when you said that 40 % of the eu budget is spent on the cap i just thought that had to be the biggest expenditure . 
  and you actually half agreed with france being the biggest benefactor so it 's probably a bit unfair to call it a disingenuous argument . 
  hi is the cap the biggest thing that the eu budget is spent on ? 
  and how much money does france receive compared to other countries ? 
  is it still the biggest cap beneficiary ? 
  what you 'll probably see is a more people in the finance industry moving to singapore/hong kong/etc - which is happening already , expect it to happen more . 
  you can have a branch in europe , sure . 
  but headquarters , nah . 
  it 's protecting an industry , regardless of contribution . 
  i do n't fully understand what triggered the crisis . 
  but surely a countries debt responsibility lies with that countries ' finance minister and not the banker . 
  you could probably argue that propping up inefficient french farmers is n't a good way to spend time and resources and yet that 's what the eu does the most . 
  why not sort that out first ? 
  france would never have allowed a measure deliberately designed to cripple the wine industry , and germany would not have tolerated a policy deliberately designed to push car manufacturing offshore . 
  why did the uk let this happen ? 
  same as it ever was . 
  love them or hate them - it 's nice to see a new way of doing things ... 
  i feel like the lesson here is that if you do n't listen to the needs of the electorate then someone else will get your votes . 
  the uk pays its eu contributions , why should n't it voice its concerns ? 
  the problem with france dictating what the eu should be like , whilst at the same time vetoing anything that would affect the cap is that it looks like france is just in it to benefit themselves and no one else . 
  it makes france look far less credible . 
  is there a list of uk exemptions compared to other countries in the eu ? 
  i 'd be genuinely interested to see what the number actually is . 
  happy to take our cash but not our suggestions . 
  deeper integration will happen once everyone is happy . 
  and it 's not just the uk that has concerns . 
  although sometimes it feels that way in this subreddit . 
  sure pal - as soon as you scrap the cap , none of your flat-mates want it either . 
  not really anything to do with europe ... is it ? 
  plenty of people move for their jobs . 
  especially in high paying sectors like banking . 
  i ca n't claim that i 'm in one of those sectors ... unfortunately . 
  if someone who does exactly the same job in the eu as in the singapore/swiss/tokyo branch except get paid less , then why would they stay here ? 
   that 's right - american lobbyists just changed the laws of 27 other countries . 
  yet many people are happy to be governed like this . 
  when this happens i kind of see why people might take a eu-separatist stance . 
  til the uk is the 3rd largest exporter of oil to germany - after russia and norway http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_in_germany#energy_consumption, 
  is there any eu legislation that prevents lobbying ? 
   the budget debate has been taken hostage by one country , the united kingdom nice . 
  like there was no one else who was pushing for a budget cut/freeze . 
  and the budget is backward not because of the amount of money , but what it is spent on . 
  if the author wants a progressive budget he should be looking at the people who are happy spending the bulk of our money not on r&d , or infrastructure ... 
  but agriculture - and even then it 's not for agricultural modernisation . 
  no nuclear either . 
  it 's fair enough , i 'm sure that as a country they 've done studies and seen what the alternatives are . 
   `` freedom '' ? 
  you mean the freedom to have to implement eu legislation to be able to stay within the efta/eea without having any say in that legislation ? 
  tweaking some of your products to comply with the rules of the people you 're selling to really is n't that big a deal - the eu does n't have a say in us legislation but still sells stuff - i would n't call that the removal of freedom . 
  since 1992 , norway has had to implement more than 5000 directives in order to comply ... 
  which sounds like a lot until you compare the uk , which has had to implement roughly 3000 directives every year . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure norway has representatives in brussels to voice their concerns should they arrive . 
  -- edit -- downvotes without rebuttal - sigh, 
  it 's here as well . 
  that 's my point . 
  `` zedvaint '' says that there 's a lack of information about this . 
  and that i blamed the eu , well , i ca n't find any detail whatsoever from official eu channels . 
  but i do find discussion on 1 blog and the euractiv site . 
  so , yeah , i do find the eu a bit opaque . 
   maybe that 's because no such thing exists ? 
  http://europa.eu do a search for `` secret ballot '' , see how far you get . 
  -- edit -- sorry , i might have got the jist of your post wrong - there 's another source here : http://www.euractiv.com/priorities/parliament-hold-secret-vote-eu-b-news-517661 further on in these comments by user `` ozires '' there 's a decent explanation of what went down . 
  if the primary source is n't handing out information then how can the parent know for sure ? 
  i 've done a quick look , i ca n't find anything through official sites . 
  i simply asked if you knew about something that i did n't .
