  this is true . 
  but i 'd still like to see cheap chinese tech making it 's way to the uk in areas where the uk are lagging . 
  e-bikes for example - * very * expensive over here . 
  dirt cheap over there . 
  i wish for scotland 's sake ` devo max ' was on the table . 
  ( this is n't a snide comment , it 's just what i wish would happen for the mutual benefit of both countries ), 
  pretty sure we 'd already have a trade agreement with china if we were n't in the eu . 
  the swiss already do . 
  quite right , upvotes for you . 
  the only opponents are in his own party i think . 
  labour are just as confused on the eu issue . 
  i 'm sure this has been done before , and failed . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_financial_transaction_tax  during the first week of the tax , the volume of bond trading fell by 85 % , even though the tax rate on five-year bonds was only 0.003 % . 
  the volume of futures trading fell by 98 % and the options trading market disappeared . 
  [ 1 ] 60 % of the trading volume of the eleven most actively traded swedish share classes moved to the uk after the announcement in 1986 that the tax rate would double . 
  30 % of all swedish equity trading moved offshore . 
  by 1990 , more than 50 % of all swedish trading had moved to london . 
  foreign investors reacted to the tax by moving their trading offshore while domestic investors reacted by reducing the number of their equity trades . 
  by all means the uk would be more than happy to take even more financial business away from eu countries . 
  and if the eu passes legislation to stop the uk , then it 'll just move outside the eu . 
  i do n't think this is a good idea . 
  yougov are one of the better pollsters . 
  and a quick eyeball at the study suggests it 's ok . maybe it 's because there 's a chance to renegotiate our terms so that eu membership will seem rosier in the future ? 
  that 's worked well for the uk , could you imagine the amount of shit we 'd be in if we * did n't * have the veto ? 
   but do n't ask for more power when you 're not fully inside it . 
  i do n't think more power is being asked for, 
  he 'll go to the eu with a list of changes . 
  some of which will be sensible , others that are n't . 
  and then the whole thing will be thrown to the wall because it came from the uk . 
  tl ; dr leaked press releases suggest that his `` big euro speech '' would look something like this : `` i want to speak to you today with urgency and frankness about the european union and how it must change -- both to deliver prosperity and to retain the support of its peoples . 
  i come here as british prime minister with a positive vision for the future of the european union . 
  a future in which britain wants , and should want , to play a committed and active part . 
  why raise fundamental questions about the future of europe when europe is already in the midst of a deep crisis ? 
  why raise questions about britain 's role when support in britain is already so thin ? 
  there are always voices saying do n't ask the difficult questions . 
  but it 's essential for europe -- and for britain -- that we do because there are three major challenges confronting us today . 
  first , the problems in the eurozone are driving fundamental change in europe . 
  second , there is a crisis of european competitiveness , as other nations across the world soar ahead . 
  and third , there is a gap between the eu and its citizens which has grown dramatically in recent years and which represents a lack of democratic accountability and consent that is -- yes -- felt particularly acutely in britain . 
  if we do n't address these challenges , the danger is that europe will fail and the british people will drift towards the exit . 
  i do not want that to happen . 
  i want the european union to be a success and i want a relationship between britain and the eu that keeps us in it . 
  that is why i am here today : to acknowledge the nature of the challenges we face . 
  to set out how i believe the european union should respond to them . 
  and to explain what i want to achieve for britain and its place within the european union . 
  if we do n't address these challenges , the danger is that europe will fail and the british people will drift towards the exit . 
  there is a growing frustration that the eu is seen as something that is done to people rather than acting on their behalf . 
  and this is being intensified by the very solutions required to resolve the economic problems . 
  people are increasingly frustrated that decisions taken further and further away from them mean their living standards are slashed through enforced austerity or their taxes are used to bail out governments on the other side of the continent . 
  my point is this . 
  more of the same will not secure a long-term future for the eurozone . 
  more of the same will not see the european union keeping pace with the new powerhouse economies . 
  more of the same will not bring the european union any closer to its citizens . 
  more of the same will just produce more of the same -- less competitiveness , less growth , fewer jobs . 
  and that will make our countries weaker , not stronger . '', 
   do n't belittle , does n't help the argument/conversation/debate ever , i wo n't bother replying if you do that again . 
  i genuinely was n't , i 'm sorry if it came across like that . 
  i just meant that we do n't agree on this . 
  i imagine the difference of opinion stems from the amount of trust you have in your politicians !, 
  i have none . 
   well , first of all they did n't change their opinion on europe , but their opinion on having the referenda . 
  not really the point i was trying to make , and i never said otherwise . 
   you see , the entire euro-crisis was caused by uncertainty . 
  all the better to have a referendum and put the issue to bed once and for all ? 
   seems perfectly reasonable to me . 
  your happy with a political party backtracking on a promise ? 
  i know it happens all the time , but i do n't try to defend it . 
  if you 're against a democratic vote to decide what the nation does then i 'm afraid we do n't see eye to eye on this issue . 
  it 's been 3 years since the last election . 
  and the last manifesto . 
  whatever you think about it ; it 's still a broken promise . 
  i 'd be genuinely interested to hear what you think has changed to revise opinion so drastically in this respect in 3 years though . 
  i think they 're polling 3rd at the moment . 
  in front of the liberal democrats . 
  i do n't know if that 's a reflection of the uk population or a reflection on our politicians ... 
  i change my opinion all the time . 
  i 'm sure you do as well . 
  but things change a bit when you promise a referendum in your political manifesto and then do a complete turnaround once you are in power . 
  would n't you agree ? 
  -- edit -- here 's the leaflet the lib dems were flyering : http://order-order.com/2013/01/17/libdems-now-is-the-time-for-a-real-inout-referedum, 
  do you think the lib dems would fare better if he was in charge of the party ? 
  as as been pointed out already - vince cable and his party promised the uk a referendum if they got in , now he 's saying that it would be a gamble . 
  two faced - but that 's politics for you . 
  it 's your cash pal, 
   `` the three-course $ 62 prix fixe menu recently included an appetizer of creamy sauerkraut with roasted parsnip , carrots , brussels sprout leaves , and a carrot and mustard dressing . 
  the main course was slow-cooked pork belly with a side of lentils and granny smith apples , and a confit of white onions . '', 
  if that did n't include wine then that 's fucking steep . 
  you can spend that in london and go to al la carte in a restaurant that already has a michelin star . 
  have views on the eu changed after the fast stabilisation of iceland during the economic crisis compared with countries within the eurozone ? 
  this happens with other produce as well . 
  feel free to edit your original post if you do n't want to mislead others . 
  it really is genuinely the first time i 've heard this being a reason to be veggie . 
  for sure , swe and den have a lot more conscience than the uk in that respect . 
  i 'm not entirly sure what you mean . 
  but if you 're happy with edible produce being destroyed for vanity reasons then we do n't see eye-to-eye on this one . 
  reducing your personal carbon footprint as the reason to be a vegetarian is certainly a new one to me !, 
  `` abnormal curvature '' -- is the one that the papers banged on about . 
  but yeah , size as well . 
  like you said , * most * of it is fine but like the parent poster is suggesting , there 's red tape that perhaps is n't benefiting everyone . 
  in this case , would n't it be better to let the customer decide what constitutes a nice banana ?
