  here 's the wiki article : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe_day from the article :  9 may is celebrated in various forms in most member states of the european union and eu candidate countries such as turkey . 
  [ 5 ] due to the political nature of the day , it sees attempts at teaching people about the european union and speaking in support of european integration does anyone here actually celebrate europe day ? 
  i think it 's a common criticism is that there 's not * more * funding of science and r&d within the eu . 
  i remember tony blair suggested more of this and less cap . 
  needless to say that idea got slapped down immediately . 
  horse meat honey . 
   the nice thing in the eu is that you get a job offer in barcelona , you quit your frankfurt flat and you go there . 
  ... just like it does in singapore or hong kong , and they 're not in the eu . 
  available jobs make this happen . 
  not a constitution . 
  i do n't think anyone is arguing for a norway-style situation . 
  more swiss style , i think that 's what ukip is gunning for . 
  well , yeah - pretty much the point i was trying to make . 
  there 's only a small subset of ukers who hate all europeans and europe ( island mentality ) . 
  but there 's a much larger subset who do n't like the eu in its current form . 
  i think the uk takes a dim view of all politicians , and politics . 
  not just the uk ones . 
  ask about `` europe '' instead of `` eu '' and i 'm sure the answer will be more positive . 
  looks terrible . 
  best picture i 've seen today http://www.frikipedia.es/images/0/04/escudocanii.jpg, 
  ** edit ** that was probably the wrong exclamation word to use in this case . 
  for the benefit of others ( and myself ) could you explain what liquid feedback means please ? 
  3 % of something is still something - or did a party just form at random for no reason ? 
  by your logic i hereby declare you are only 12inches tall because i measured you after 3 days . 
  wtf ? 
  cheers for that - 3 % polling for a party that formed over the weekend . 
  that sounds like a reasonable start to me . 
  i guess it does n't to you . 
  and similar polling numbers to the pirate party , which was born because no other party was taking digital rights seriously - i do n't think that 's an unreasonable thing to say , i do n't know why i 'm being torn apart for it . 
  nice - you 've already said there 's nothing wrong with what i said but do you just want to get the last word in ? 
  the party has just officially launched . 
  it has 3 % ( where did you get that figure from by the way ? ), 
  - is that good or bad compared to other political parties that have just launched ? 
  ... that 's what * you * thought it sounded like . 
  cheers for the downvotes anyway . 
  3 % of the population did n't have an anti euro option and now they do - what 's wrong with that ? 
  ... who were n't being represented before . 
  last time i went to newcastle the only thing open after 4am was a bent club and a brasshouse . 
  berlin on the other hand ... 
  heh - coming from london things seemed to run like clockwork ... 
  well , yeah i guess there 's not people putting flowers over your head when you land at berlin airport and there 's not people openly doing the maccarena in the streets ... 
  but there 's ample pubs , clubs , bars open until sensible hours ( sensible means they never shut ) and enough culture for most people . 
  one thing i found is that it 's hard to find places to go if you do n't know anyone who lives there -- and you do n't speak the language . 
  this is a good thing , right ? 
  do french officials also have to declare vested interests ? 
  about time ... you can only ignore your population for so long . 
  if it were n't for london , then germany , berlin - just because things work - property is still * just * about affordable , people do n't chat so much shit and there 's still a party to be had . 
  the only thing i do n't like about berlin is the roads , they 're too wide ... makes me nervous . 
  the bbc is normally on the pro eu ticket . 
  the article says it 's research funded by chatham house , i do n't what the outfit is but they say they 're independant , so probably do n't lean one way or the other ... could it be that this is actually a genuine look at a blanket eu directive that does n't fit what the uk is doing ? 
  most british people do n't give a shit . 
  polls time and time again say that the biggest concerns for people are immigration and jobs . 
  the euroscepticism from a political point of view is because the uk envisages a different eu to the one that is being carved out at the moment . 
  old people retiring to warmer and cheaper parts of europe . 
  source : none , just a guess . 
  well played sir ... well played . 
  cool . 
  except the examples you 've cited and i 've disproved . 
  and of course the exemption of * every eu regulation that is n't relevant to the eea * and of course , this extra legislation ( at the loss of self-determination ) , the loss of all their trade agreements , and the substantial payments to brussels that full eu membership entails is your reason for switzerland to become a fully fledged member ? 
  i give up ... 
  like you read up on swiss salary caps , iso standards , and the needless retooling of swiss factories ? 
  eu regulations are a superset of eea regulations , which are then open to choice/interpretation by eea members . 
  care to name a tested anti-missile defense as successful as iron dome ? 
  and i 'll stand by what i said - israel ranks third in the world in the number of academic degrees per capita ( 20 percent of the population ) , its leading exports include electronics , software , computerized systems , communications technology , medical equipment , weapons . 
  etc , etc. ... 
  eea is n't the eu , you 've got it confused , and you have since this thread began . 
  you say they do n't have a choice , they do . 
  that 's how simple it is . 
  whatever you think of isreal and their doings , you ca n't deny that they 've got some mad tech and some seriously clever people . 
  [ iron dome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_dome ) is some straight-up futuristic shit . 
  edit -- ... the point being it would be a shame to lose out on the academic side of things . 
   please answer me : if the eu really is holding member countries back , how is it germany out-exports any other european country - including switzerland ? 
  i 've not said that the eu is holding member countries back . 
  i 'm saying that a looser relationship ( imo ) would be better for the time being - the evidence is the mess you 're seeing in the eu at the moment . 
  do you think germany would be better off if it did n't have to hand out huge swathes of cash to the southern countries ? 
   your idea that the swiss approach is somewhat better displays a rather naive view of the problem . 
  cool , but before you were saying that they had to follow the eu mandated salary cap , which was wrong . 
  your opinion of what is better is n't important because i 'm guessing you 're not an expert in the field . 
  that 's a philosophical discussion for another time , my original point ( that the swiss are exempt from eu financial regulation ) still stands . 
  the watch example was to highlight your absurd observation about the danger of `` half a dozen standards for their varying customers ? '' . 
  i showed you the * exact * same swiss watch being sold in two markets - do you seriously think the omega factory retooled for that ? 
  no , of course not . 
  do you think they retool for china ? 
  no , of course not . 
  care to name an example where of swiss good where the factory would have to be retooled for selling to another market ? 
  that 's what you said happens - i 'm saying it does n't and it 's not got anything to do with eu membership . 
  you mentioned labor standards and you 're wrong - in 2003 eu passed a directive saying workers should not do more than 48 hours per week , that 's not the case in switzerland ( 45 hours for industrial and 50 for others ) . 
  if you see simularitues in legislation it 's where the swiss have * chosen * to harmonise with the eu , but the emphasis is on the choosing , they have a choice , eu members do n't . 
   you neglect how the eu works : there is very little actual eu law , most of it comes in form of directives which have to be translated into national law . 
  if a country decides to go beyond what the eu mandates , it is welcome to do so . 
  switzerland decided to be faster and introduce it before the eu did - congratulation . 
  but nothing has prevented eu members from doing so as well . 
  i think you 've missed the bit where the swiss did n't implement the eu mandated salary cap and instead did something more sensible . 
  they 're two different things . 
   you can buy the exact same watch in japan and the uk ? 
  one watch sold in two very different countries , but built to the same ( iso ) standards ? 
  seems to support my point , does n't it ? 
  what point ? 
  you said this in your earlier post :  could swiss companies produce according to half a dozen standards for their varying customers ? 
  of course .
