   `` if member states want to restrict the availability of social benefits to eu citizens they can do two things : first , change their national systems to make them less generous . 
  second , apply the existing eu rules which provide safeguards to counter abuse , fraud and error : for example possible expulsion orders and re-entry bans in case of abuses . '', 
  so , would tightening up the system ( so it 's not means tested , essentially ) mean people in the are uk worse off ? 
  and if so , would that be the first time that being a member of the eu has left us measurably worse off ? 
   the cultural rift between turkey and europe makes ukraine and the eu states look like twin sisters . 
  disagree , turkey is already a nato member and a supporter of free trade . 
  it has a secular , democratic government ( with some recent hiccups ) . 
  it 's probably a stronger candidate than some already in the club . 
  i would agree that a lot of our ale tastes like warm piss . 
  but there 's real gems if you 're prepared to explore that sea of piss . 
  trouble is , if it 's not fresh even the best ale is going to taste * fucking * appealing . 
  arguably this might be why uk ales are n't really represented abroad . 
  there 's an american made porter called black jack which is pretty decent . 
  it did the rounds in the real ale festivals a while back and was well received . 
  i liked it . 
   people who put cola in beer are literally hitler . 
  words to live by . 
  i think there 's a hell of a lot of grey area around that one . 
  for example , like yourself i 'm very pro european integration , but i do n't like what the eu has become and so i probably sound very anti-eu when i start sounding off in this subreddit . 
  there 's people who do n't like the idea of federalism , people who take issue with what 's called the ` democratic deficit ' , people who do n't like the cap , the fishing policy - etc etc that does n't mean those people do n't like the idea of a united europe , it 's just a vision that 's different to the one happening at the moment . 
  so , yeah i agree with you , europhile probably should n't be synonymous with euphile . 
  if you 're a fan of the cap then i can understand this stance . 
  the uk has essentially said it 'll drop the rebate so long as cap is reformed/binned . 
  otherwise the uk is essentially paying french farmers to grow crops which we then have to buy again . 
  as the cap is reformed , so is the uk 's rebate , which has already been reduced by about 20 % . 
  ( this is grossly simplified explanation btw , but it 's broadly what 's happening ), 
  heh , as lighthearted as it gets, 
  scotland does n't really like the eu either, 
  it 'd be a bit unexpected, 
  yeah markets in the efta, 
  true , but you have sell the oil , no ? 
  it 's written by someone from the dutch `` independence party '' ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  i imagine there 's a lot of common ground between the two . 
  but ukip is only mentioned once , i would n't call that `` ukip centered '' myself . . 
  so , it basically says that it 's a cultural thing . 
  to pick a blatant stereotype , your average productive-and-hardworking german would n't like being unemployed and being a burden on society whereas in spain ( where there 's no jobs at the moment ) it 's deemed ok . one thing to point out - here 's how the study was compiled :  the survey asked the participants to rate their satisfaction with life on a scale of one to 10 , with one being dissatisfied and 10 being satisfied . 
  to highlight the impact of unemployment , researchers took into account other socio-demographic differences between individuals . 
  does satisfaction with life reconcile with laziness ? 
  it does n't ask a person if they 're lazy - i 'm not sure how laziness can be measured ? 
  i think the title is misleading . 
  reform . 
  it 's slowly happening ( cap , fishing policy , etc ) in some places but the only way to make people come around is to make the deal better . 
  it 's not just the uk , but somehow it 's always the uk electorate that seems to be cast as the most eurosceptic - i really doubt it 's much different from other countries in reality . 
  can a french person perhaps give some insight ? 
  explain why this has happened ? 
  maybe . 
  the actual report ( 184 pages long , so i 've only skimmed bits of it ) seems to suggest that it should be toned down a bit . 
   however , while the uk economy has benefitted from the creation of an eu-wide market for talent , and indeed from immigration more widely , pressures on local services and wider public perceptions threaten to reduce the legitimacy of a vital element of eu membership for business . 
  the principle of free movement of labour is still wholeheartedly supported by the business community , but consideration should be given to ways in which the principle can continue to operate at a practical level for member states in the now enlarged and more economically diverse eu . 
  [ link to the pdf report here ] ( http://www.sentpressrelease.com/email/attachment/download?hash=6d407453f0afc258eb836bded38776038eb2b8a5d701eaea90561fcd3d2bfd4a&amp;download ), 
  state funded website in good news headline shocker . 
   he told business leaders the argument for remaining in the eu could be won if there was substantial reform . 
   the cbi has published a report saying the eu is worth between 4 % and 5 % of uk annual output and is `` overwhelmingly '' best for business but that reforms are needed . 
   `` europe needs reform , but to walk away from our eu membership would be reckless , foolish and deeply damaging . 
  on britain 's future in europe , the national interest must come first . '', 
  there 's a lot of talk about reform , but no real detail about the reforms wanted . 
  you 've bought up a good point regarding the us , i do n't know what it 'll be like in the uk but i do think that the requirements should really be the same regardless of who you are . 
  i 'm pretty sure if i ( an office worker ) go to my local barracks and start a fight with a trained-in-combat army lady i 'm gon na get the shit kicked out of me . 
  yes , there 's a physical difference between the sexes at the highest level but below that it 's fair game . 
  if a woman can meet the level expected of the front line troop then why should n't they be there ? 
  to answer the question - yes . 
  i ca n't think of a reason why not ? 
  can you ? 
   it is forced to join most agreements anyways , just not as eu member . 
  switzerland is a schengen member for example . 
  the people voted for that . 
  it was n't forced on them . 
  yes , you 're right , if you want to do business with the eu then some things will have to be harmonised with the eu , just like if you want to do business with america , china - you have to conform to their rules . 
  on the upside , the swiss pay a tiny contribution to the eu budget , get to enjoy their free trade agreements with america and china whilst the uk is hamstrung by the more protectionist countries of the eu . 
  there 's rivalry between eu countries as well . 
  and not always to the benefit of the eu . 
  for example , germany wanted to bloc cheap chinese solar panels flooding the market . 
  when china threatened to impose a levy on french wine they used their influence to make the eu back down . 
  hardly a united front . 
  i ca n't think of any ( as you say ) eu citizen i 've talked to complaining about switzerland ( a rival , again , as you say ) having access to eu internals . 
  neither - i think a swiss style eu relationship is the most attractive to the uk . 
  who the hell is reading `` the christian science monitor '' ?!, 
  -- edit -- thanks for surprisingly level headed responce to what could be seen an a fairly pedantic question . 
  upvotes for all, 
  fun fact - meps lose half of their daily allowance if they do n't attend the voting session . 
  thankfully my original post is so broad and populist it can work for either scenario . 
   swiss is as independent of the eu as you can get , yet they copy the eu rules because they got no other options . 
  you 're thinking of norway , who 's in the eea . 
  the swiss are exempt . 
  yes , the swiss have to meet eu standards if they want to trade with the eu , just like the swiss have to meet chinese standards when they trade with china ( because unlike the eu the swiss have a free trade agreement with china ) . 
  now , if they want to harmonise with eu laws and regulations to ease trade/diplomacy their politicians can do that , the * big * difference is that they are directly accountable to their electorate . 
  and if the electorate do n't like it they can do something about it . 
  why not also add an explanation of the problems that unchecked lobbying can cause and also how the european transparency initiative is what can kindly be called a `` work in progress '' . 
  can you honestly see the bureaucrats in brussels passing this ? 
  ireland kind of got english forced upon them back in the day . 
  your eu contribution hard at work , people . 
  housing is a tough market for the normal person to speculate on . 
  the only way to do it is to take a massively leveraged position and you can only bet on it going up . 
  it 's not like you can short the housing market like you can a company . 
  in that respect it 's not like other markets , this is one theory on why there 's been housing bubbles in various places . 
  i guess if you accept that then there 's two options , re-regulate and fix prices . 
  or , what 2013 nobel prize winner robert j. shiller says is to increase speculation by adding futures and options markets to house prices , because the lack of speculation has resulted in house prices not moving . 
  sorry , i know this is a bit long winded , i 've just read this article and it seemed relevant . 
  what you believe and what actually might happen are two different things are n't they . 
  your point is a guess , based on further guesses .
