  and since your first guess was that this was going to bring down a mine shaft it 's not one i 'll be believing . 
  the report says it will . 
  between believing you or the government i choose neither . 
  the only difference is that the report has a study behind it and you just have conjecture . 
   yes agreement but want to get the final word in ? 
  the report does n't go into enough detail to get into a discussion about the hypothetical ensuing court cases so i 'll leave it here . 
  i think you 've mixed up health and safety requirements with a health and safety risk assessment . 
  one is the law . 
  the other is a small piece of paperwork . 
  the report suggests that the latter can be skipped if the business is small , and if the business is low-risk . 
  the law remains the same , compliance remains the same . 
   tbh the health and safety reqs in small and medium businesses are also sound i agree , and the report agrees . 
  the suggestion is a reduction of paperwork , not of compliance . 
  i work in an office and that 's the first example cited in pretty much every h&s compliance class i 've had to go on . 
  what the actual report ( and what the bbc article hints at ) suggested is a relaxing of a written risk assessment report for a small business in a low risk sector ( the report goes on to say that `` managing risk to health and safety is about far more than keeping the right records '' ) . 
  so , if this came into being all the coal mines probably wo n't suddenly explode overnight . 
  well , i guess if a large company is so keen to exempt itself from a small piece of compliance that it subcontracts to smaller companies so much that it reduces turnover to the point where it becomes classed as a sme enterprise itself . 
  or sacks enough people , then it 's possible . 
  seems counter-productive to me though ... 
  i think the reality of this suggestion is that it 's trying to remove a ( very ) small piece of red-tape for a small business in a low-risk sector . 
  the register is a fairly popular tech news ( and opinion ) site that often spills over to cover some science and military stuff as well . 
  you 're right , it is quite informal but i would n't hold that against it . 
  the actual report is here : https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/249969/taskforce-report-15-october.pdf, 
  from the article :  scrapping the requirement for all smes ( small and medium enterprises ) , irrespective of their business , to keep written health and safety assessments to say that it 's the whole of health and safety on the chopping block is probably a bit far fetched . 
  up voted . 
  we ca n't let ireland have all the eu cheese . 
  what happens in other countries ? 
  i 've heard of countries like france and italy just deporting people in spite of the echr and just taking the fine instead ... 
   in these cases , they get asked over input for clauses . 
  it 's not like the negotiating parties just hand them the entire treaty as has been currently negotiated and say ` do what you want ' . 
  instead , they 're asked for their opinion on a clause ( how much would this affect your business , or something like that ) and then the eu politicians decide if thats what they want . 
  i believe what the article is implying is that no one knows what is happening behind closed doors . 
  unless you know better ? 
  imo in the eu 's case a bit more transparency or regulation when it comes to lobbying might be a good thing . 
  this is n't the first time that the organisation has been accused of outright corporatism . 
  the most glaring example i can think of recently was the bizarre outlawing of olive oil jugs in restaurants , which surely must have stemmed from some canny lobbying . 
  i agree with you that lobbying is n't inherently evil ( i never said otherwise ) , but it can sometimes lead to outcomes that do n't benefit the majority . 
  does that address the main thrust of the article though ? 
  that it 's large corporations that have access and influence over the negotiation . 
  and that it 's going to be large corporations that will benefit ? 
  around about 1998 i had a romanian kid stay over . 
  he wore a shell suit the entire time and insisted that we fight . 
  literally he kept on insisting that we had a fight . 
  i tried to dodge this until we were in a swimming pool and he grabbed me , i managed to kick him off and then he said i was a good fighter in the water but on land he would beat me . 
  anyway he finally gave me a kicking and we were cool after that . 
  impeccable manners towards my mother , and everyone else for that matter . 
   and they 're english is as good as could be expect . . probably better . 
  judging from that . 
   bing bang typo ? 
  sounds like ms 's version of a googlewhack ( remember those ? ), 
  russia 's contribution to the sciences is formidable . 
  if you want quack tripe like that look to the church, 
  already a nato member and a supporter of free trade . 
  secular , democratic goverment ( with some recent hiccups ) . 
  i do n't see see why not . 
  it 's probably a stronger candidate than some already in the club . 
  maybe not so much in london or the larger cities . 
  but certainly in provincial towns it 's not uncommon to go out at around 7-8pm on a weekend and drink as hard an as fast as possible and pass out by 1-2am . 
  by european standards that is early for the fun to finish . 
   discuss anything without sounding angry having lived with 2 spaniards ( and unable to understand spanish ) i agree . 
  it sounded like those two were about to kill each other pretty much all the time . 
   i do agree that one of the most important changes that the eu can go through at this point is increased democratisation . 
  unfortunately , the uk is blocking that process at every turn . 
  i 'm not gon na weigh in on the other discussion . 
  i just want to say that i do n't think the uk has anything against increased democratisation . 
  i believe it 's against increased federalisation . 
  these blocks against democracy in the eu , what are they ? 
   i find it bizarre that people complain about these peoples ' wages when they are so highly skilled . 
  i take exception to the tax breaks . 
  if you work in the business of telling people what to do should n't you follow the same rules yourself ? 
  on another note , it 's shameful that brits lag behind on learning other languages . 
   parliaments do n't control armies . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what the article is suggesting in terms of who would actually have control . 
  just under `` eu '' command . 
  you 're happy to hand over `` ultimate power '' to people who ca n't even take care of what in the grand scheme of things is pocket change ? 
  yes , when the european court of auditors have refused to sign off the eu budget for literally years in a row it 's probably just as well , no ? 
  i can only think of a similar precedent in the opposite scenario , which was ireland . 
  yes , i gather that much , the point ( well , my point ) is that these countries have put the eu question to the people and the people said no - several times ... and that 's not been seen as playing a dangerous game whilst the uk asking the people to decide its fate somehow is . 
  norway and switzerland are n't perceived to be playing a dangerous game , are they ? 
  so why are we ? 
  lets just see if meps can agree on the best policy for the euro and the financial crisis before handing them an army to use as they see fit . 
  it 's not a bad translation !, 
   located in the downtown , it will , along with the rep theater and symphony hall , form a new cultural heart of the city . 
  lol . 
   portugal has far more people living in rural areas than the uk or germany . 
  maybe as a percentage . 
  but not overall . 
  whilst improving logistics is arguably always a good thing , i think the commentator is pointing out that perhaps at this moment in time it 's not the best way to spend finite resources . 
  as a signed up member of the eu , would this even be legal ? 
  yes - it may well come back to haunt him . 
  slovakia is still cheaper than western europe ... for booze , cigs and food at least . 
  it might be a bit misleading to say there 's no legal waters . 
  spain might not recognise it , but the un convention on the law of the sea says otherwise , something which spain signed up to . 
  `` disputed '' might be a better turn of phrase in this situation . 
  http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/69117000/jpg/_69117326_gibraltar_artificial_reef_464.jpg it 's a tiny reef - is this really a big deal ? 
   bilateral agreements as a eu bloc or country by country ? 
  to be honest , i 'd rather have the original ( marmite ) over a knock-off that is now owned by kraft foods . 
  yorkshire pudding . 
  both the normal size ones and the ones that are basically a bowel for meat and gravy . 
  love it , and it 's just not done in other countries .
