basically , when other countries do the same thing , it 's ok . 
  but when the uk does it ; the world ends . 
  / u/cbr777 comments in a nutshell . 
  maybe , or form a blocking minority with the other `` losing '' countries , or veto something completely unrelated to force a compromise , or seek to revise the figures the ons signed off ... 
  but yes you 're right the uk will probably just pay up later on once everyone has forgotten about it because the uk is fucking useless at the political horse trading required to get ahead in the eu . 
  that was the first example i could think of others `` not respecting their commitments '' , like you said . 
  there are many others - as you well know . 
  what 'll likely happen ( like everything else in the eu ) is that some sort of political compromise will be reached . 
   being in the eu and not respecting your commitments is not being in the eu . 
  either pay what you owe or leave . 
  lol - what about the eurozone countries flagrantly ignoring the eu 's own stability and growth rules when setting their budgets ? 
  france and italy in particular ? 
  the end result , like everything else in the eu , will be a political compromise . 
  this payment will be no different . 
  in this way the uk is no different to every other member . 
  yup - but it is true that the eca have found issues with the budget . 
  the headlines from the press releases the parent poster linked to for example :  eu accounts signed off , but errors persist in all main spending areas , say eu auditors  eu must focus on getting better results from its spending, 
  yup - whilst douglas carswell did the right thing ( calling a by-election ) , he 's set a high standard for other potential defectors . 
  to be fair , he was president at a fairly shit time in the eu 's life . 
  upvote for winding up a clearly already-wound-up redditor, 
  have you got a link to that info that is n't from a pressure group ? 
  like ... a published scientific paper, 
  why not norfolk ? 
  they got webbed feet and extra fingers already - a meltdown would n't change anything, 
  solar costs are quickly reaching grid parity . 
  combined with the cost of li-ion energy storage falling and it 's not hard to see a future powered by solar . 
  the reality now is that subsidy is required . 
  the author is talking about the future . 
  it 's my understanding that what 's changed after the eu intervention is that edf can build the plant a bit quicker . 
  the subsidy remains . 
  but yes , it can still be blocked by austria, 
  ca n't believe i 'm about to say this - but it 's doubtful / u/savannajeff is a paid american shill based on the ( sometimes correct , sometimes complete bollocks ) stuff ( s ) he writes in / r/europe . 
  but the subsidy * is * happening - it 's going ahead anyway . 
  actually , this is one of the few occasions where the eu helped us ( the uk taxpayer ) from a fairly terrible agreement . 
  it 's still fairly terrible ( in light of today 's alternatives , and the current cost of electric ) , but it raises two interesting questions - why exactly do we need the eu to improve what is in effect a uk government procurement contract ? 
  and why on earth could n't our own negotiators thrash out a better deal in the first place ? 
  i read about it here - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/energy/11150015/solar-energy-and-shale-are-the-future-not-costly-nuclear-power-plants.html, 
  not only that - i do n't think there 's actually any affiliation between the eu and eurovelo except that they 're both based in brussels . 
  from the website i 'm struggling to see what this outfit ( eurovelo ) actually does , apart from talking to the various local organisations and passing it off as their own work . 
  what about every country that is n't in the eu ? 
  from a legal standpoint i think scotland would have to apply for membership . 
  but , in the eu , political will often seems to trump the exact letter of the law ... so who knows . 
   scotland could care less if it joins schengen or not . 
  from what i understand scotland never had any negative opinions about schengen . 
  well , alex salmond does n't want schengen , even if you think scotland does . 
   with regards to the euro it has become pretty obvious that a change is necessary and from what i can tell , there is no strong push towards the euro at the moment . 
  i agree with this , and also it 's been shown that a joining state can just hold off joining the euro indefinitely ( looking at you , sweden ) . 
   given how much eu does business with scotland you can bet your ass off that they do n't want to see it go . 
  * maybe * - it 's been said that eu member states ( who have a veto on scotland joining the eu ) such as spain and belgium would veto scotland on principal , because they have succession issues themselves . 
  having said that , i 'm not sure if anyone has gone on record to explicitly say that they will outright . 
  all eu accession negotiations are based on accepting the full treaties . 
  i 'm saying that scotland does n't want euro + schengen , so the complexity might not be that `` low '' , as you say . 
  ... but also wants an opt-out from the euro + schengen border controls, 
  ... i think it would . 
  that 's certainly what spain and belgium are saying . 
  ** edit ** here 's a link that explains things in more detail - http://openeuropeblog.blogspot.co.uk/2014/09/braveheart-aspiration-or-reality-alex.html, 
  i 'm guessing a sensationalist headline helps with the views . 
  have any other news outfits covered this with any more dignity ? 
   fifty-two per cent of french people polled want britain out of the eu - the only major european country to express a majority against british membership that 's the subheading , which is accurate ... 
  now that uk garage is basically dead ; what do people do when they go to ayia napa now ? 
  lol is it a trap , though ? 
  it 's cheap , and full of brits , but everybody knows this already so you ca n't really say it 's a trap ? 
   he says 2 things were promised with the euro , and one of these is/was untrue : the currency fluctuations ... so that is one ` promise ' that already had been delivered . 
  ( edited for brevity ) . 
  you 're right that erm tried to reduce fluctuation - it did n't * stop * fluctuation outright . 
  so , the link you supplied talks of an allowable limit of fluctuation within the erm , even moreso for the gbp . 
  but then you 've said elsewhere that currency fluctuation outright did n't happen and is not a factor , something which i believe historical data contradicts ? 
   the currency fluctuations i do n't buy that . 
  - http://imgur.com/marldrn that looks like fluctuation to me ( fra-gbp , 1990 to 1999 , compared to the euro afterwards ) check it yourself - http://www.oanda.com/currency/historical-rates/, 
  so , ( and forgive me if i 've not followed this ) , at the time of the erm , the 80 's - that was when intra-european trade was at it 's peak ( peak in in the 90s ) . 
  now , since the eurozone came ( in 1999 ) , and the euro was created , it 's dropped . 
  i 'm sure there 's other factors at work , but i think the author is right to suggest that the euro and the eurozone might have had a part to play . 
  to say that the erm is exactly the same as the eurozone is probably the straw-man here . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  the guys who did the actual research are brussels based , and do n't appear to be euroscepticis by any means ( website below ) . 
  alistair heath ( author of the telegraph article ) probably is , on the other hand . 
   tldr : this is good for the consumers , really good . 
  which magazine does consumer testing for products , and 5 out of the 7 `` best buy '' vacuums fall foul of the new rules . 
  i can understand that it 's good from an ecological point of view , but i do n't think you can conclude that it 's good for consumers right now . 
  pretty sure the uk does this as well . 
  lol - look at the cycle path data - guess where holland is !, 
  [ just like the cap did to eu food prices . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_agricultural_policy#artificially_high_food_prices ), 
  yip . 
  wikipedia says the name was coined by a swedish dude http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=moped#etymology, 
  not in the uk . 
  from memory any electric motor over 250w is classed as a moped , and you 'll need plates and a licence for it . 
  more than a moped, 
  that 's because we slap a great big fat 20 % sales tax on top of what the supplier has already been taxed to import the bike/battery from china . 
  it 's a green mode of transport , eu/dr/uk would be wise to encourage the uptake of e bikes . 
  yeah , i do n't think the implications are as severe as the parent poster suggests either . 
  but , it is * a thing * , compounded with the other point you raised ( the small rise in eurosceptics in the ep ) possibly points to at the very least a small rise in the dissatisfaction of the status quo . 
  it 's not exactly fantastic though - is it . 
  that turnout is consistently dropping , having slowly stabilised at around the 40-45 % mark . 
  if you include only countries that have voted since 1979 - it 's still not pretty , certainly a downward trend - see chart - http://imgur.com/11ipuzs warning , original content - source of data [ here ] ( http://www.ukpolitical.info/european-parliament-election-turnout.htm ) edit - ... 2014 is also the lowest turnout ever for just those countries that have voted since the beginning . 
  i think lavaretestaciuccio might have been referring to the fact that the last [ ep election had the lowest voter turnout ] ( http://www.europeanvoice.com/article/european-parliament-elections-2014-reveal-lowest-voter-turnout-ever/ ) since 1979 ... that is to say , the lowest turnout ever . 
   wednesday 11 june 2014 old news pal . 
  upvote for irony . 
   you do n't even need to say denmark because that 's a given pig farms and windmills can be pretty ... 
  except , when a german says it their probably right .
