  -- edit -- also , do you now accept that it happened ? 
   the one that never happened ? 
  : s do n't know who told you that - here 's the offending article . 
  judge for yourself . 
  ( warning - pdf ) http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=consleg:1994r2257:20060217:en:pdf -- edit -- why the downvotes with no rebuttal ? 
  also - here 's an html version . 
   i have n't heard of a swedish attempt , or what the disastrous consequences were . 
  here you go . 
   and it 's a bit ignorant in my opinion to go to a foreign country and want to experience a foreign culture and then demanding all those extras . 
  indeed . 
  half the fun of visiting a new place is sampling new food and drink . 
   tobin tax on all financial transactions . 
  any country that refuses will lose free trade privileges , at least for trade in financial products ( i 'm looking at you , uk ) . 
  did n't sweden do something like this with disastrous consequences ? 
  iirc ( happy to be corrected ) sweden implemented its tobin tax and basically everyone affected just moved to the uk . 
  if this is done eu-wide , whats to stop all these companies ( * some * who pay taxes ) moving elsewhere ? 
  red tape and all that jazz probably . 
  bendy bananas etc, 
  it 's not just places in italy that are like that , there are some places i 've been to on my travels where i 'm almost certain that it wold be impossible to be veg only . 
  china being one of them . 
  also , me and a veggie pal went to a festival in slovakia ... awesome , but the food on offer was basically meat and/or cheese , it was epic - but not so good for my mate . 
  nothing wrong with vegetarianism . 
  do n't think it 's something i could manage though . 
  uk did n't like him because he stood up for french interests ... basically . 
  * a little * bit like the rest of the eu hates cameron now . 
  just a quick one , and my last you 're happy with the fact that the european court of auditors -- the eu 's auditors -- refused to sign off on how brussels ' budget was spent for 17 * years * in a row ? 
  you say you do n't blindly accept but the fact remains that we all have whilst the eu budget gets higher and higher - even in times of austerity . 
  as for monetary policy - i ca n't comment because i do n't know enough about it . 
  as for your views on a two speed europe , just remember that when the uk joined it was n't the eu , just the eec , which was basically a customs union , something that was of mutual benefit for everyone involved . 
  no one knew what direction it was going to take , and once more i have to reiterate once more that * it 's not just the uk * who gets exemptions and does n't want the euro , so there 's definitely scope for countries to remain outside of it whilst still being members . 
  there 's no simple list which shows what countries are exempt from the various rules and regulations that the eu passes , but suffice to say that if there was such a list there it would n't be just the uk on it . 
  a good point well made . 
  upvotes for you . 
  another question - now that portugal ca n't devalue their currency to become more competitive , nor can it default ; will the euro help in its recovery ? 
   better than the usd , actually . 
  it 's better at dragging countries like greece , portugal , ireland and spain through the mud . 
   yeah , i get you , it 's just that it would be best if we acted together and properly discussed eu policies instead of some wanting to change the system and others wanting to be exempted from such commitments . 
  well , that 's the thing - is it wrong to cast skepticism on eu drafts and proposals instead of just blindly accepting them ? 
  * especially * when it comes to money ? 
  the eu is an institution that has failed it 's own monetary audit for 17 years in a row . 
  i want to reiterate that * it 's not just the uk * that 's doing this either ( yet it feels like the uk gets blamed the most ) , but this is why this 2 speed europe thing could be an answer . 
  let the guys that want to speed things along do so , and then they do n't have to listen to anyone who says otherwise . 
  it 's hard not to when it 's the biggest thing the eu budget goes towards you . 
  but yeah , i see where you 're coming from . 
   how 's the metric system coming along ? 
  how 's the euro coming along ? 
  seriously though , would n't that mean that those who want to get into bed with each other as fast as possible ... never mind the consequences . 
  they can do it , then the others ( and it 's not just the uk , remember ) can sit on the outskirts and enjoy the mutual benefit . 
   here 's the thing . 
  france always gets pointed out for the cap thing , like there 's a trend that most of europe needs a country to blame . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's because france wants to keep the cap whilst others do n't . 
   and yet somehow we are in a crisis created by the banking sectors power over politics . 
  also just saying `` it was dumb '' is is n't really helpful . 
  ... well , did n't it start due to a us housing bubble ? 
  what did the uk reject that would have stopped that ? 
   that 's no answer , please explain me who else profits from gb paying less . 
  are you talking about the rebate ? 
  do you know why we got it in the first place ? 
  when it came into place when uk joined the eu it would have bankrupted the country , which would n't profit anyone . 
  the uk has placed the rebate up for discussion when the cap comes on the table as well . 
  is that unfair ? 
  what happened to that `` two speed europe '' idea ... ca n't we just do that ? 
   britain paying less than they should benefits most eu members . 
  every country should really be thinking twice about paying more and more next year to an institution who 's own auditors have n't been able to sign off their own budget . 
  not just this year but 17 years in a row . 
   that the blocking of any regulations for the banking sector somehow benefits anyone other than the city of london . 
  they were seriously dumb regulations . 
  the kind of regulations that would set back the whole of the eu compared to the rest of the world . 
  i do n't think this is true . 
  it feels like everytime the uk proposes something it gets slapped down immediately . 
  tony blair once suggested reducing the cap and putting the funds into eu-wide research and development . 
  needless to say that got swatted away immediately . 
  ... there are many more examples . 
  drop the cap , leave out the telling-everyone-what-to-do nonsense . 
  stop asking for money , get everyone trading and then you 'll get not only the uk , but switzerland , norway and every other euro nation standing together as one . 
  as well as the ` little england , island mentality ' bollocks there is actually things about the eu that people object to . 
  staggering bureaucracy being just one of them . 
  i agree with this - if i want something i 'm going to ask for it . 
  the difference being is that i 'll beat around the bush for ten minutes spouting pleasantries before drumming up the courage . 
  glasgow is n't some northen backwater , it 's a massive city - probably one of the biggest in the uk . 
  mighty boosh is set in east london but it does n't automatically mean that anyone north of the border wo n't enjoy it . 
  it was good !, 
  as with most good things it got an american remake . 
  i think that it bombed though . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coupling_ ( u.s. _ tv_series ) edit - coupling was penned by the same guy who 's currently doing dr who !, 
  til http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steven_moffat, 
  for me , i grew up listening to danish and going to denmark to see family , so i 've never learned the language formally just picked up a fair amount through listening and talking . 
  i hear a difference when i go from copenhagen to the farmer danish my relatives on the mainland talk . 
  now , you try reading danish with a english tongue and it ( imo ) looks * nothing * like how it 's meant to be pronounced . 
  it 's up there with `` always sunny in philadelphia '' in terms of nihilism and cynical-ness . 
  completely different show , though . 
  well worth a watch imo, 
  my bad ... have corrected original post . 
  i promise you would n't want to see the dogshit that gets carted out from bbc east anglia . 
  you 're not missing out . 
  to the best of my knowledge ; no . 
  -- edit -- we did n't get burniston either . 
  absolutely love peep show . 
  do you think it might be a bit too cynical for american taste ? 
  it 's a real shame that more scottish tv does n't make it to the rest of the uk .
