  you can get it on the iplayer but it 's hard to find and it 's never advertised . 
  videogaiden was immense . 
  although , i 'd like to mention that my mother is danish - and can just about understand dansk when spoken to . 
  so i feel half entitled to tell the world about great danish tv ... reading danish is just cruel though . 
  it 's one of those series that i found myself watching just because it 's nice to have on in the background whilst doing other things !, 
  if you have n't watched it yet - `` the killing '' ( forbrydelsen ) is some of the best tv i 've seen . 
  it 's had an american remake , which i have n't seen but i 'd say just watch the original . 
  it 's a murder mystery thriller , and it 's one of the best ones . 
  i say that as a fan of the genre . 
  if you like it , there 's 3 seasons to slog through , and then there 's another series in a similar vein called `` the bridge '' ( `` bron , broen '' , which is `` bridge '' in swe/dan ) which is getting decent reviews , but i could n't really get into it personally . 
  only ridiculously and blindly loving pro-eu articles please . 
   `` the tough medicine that countries like ireland , spain and portugal have given themselves will result in europe being in far better shape than america in a few years ' time . '', 
   without anything to back it up looks very weak to me . 
  i agree , if anything americas future looks a lot rosier than the eus precisely because of the tough medicine * they * took . 
  it would be bad for business to leave the eu entirely ( i feel he 's overestimating the consequences however ) - branson is correct , which is precisely why we are asking for better terms or more sensible policies . 
  but one of our problems at the moment is that the uk is too fixated on the eu . 
  as pointed out by the excellent alister heath ( and probably many others ) . 
   uk firms have become obsessed with europe -- unlike , paradoxically , members of the eurozone . 
  imf data analysed by citigroup suggest that uk exports of goods to emerging economies was worth 3.4 per cent of our national income last year , a smaller share than all other eu-15 member states . 
  even greece exports relatively more . 
   britain 's exports to china have surged 11 per cent a year over the past decade , which sounds good until one realises that everybody else has been doing even better . 
  switzerland has increased its own exports to china by 25 per cent a year , and now sells more to it than britain does , even though the uk 's gdp is four times larger than switzerland 's . 
  in 2011 , the uk 's exports of goods to italy , spain , portugal , ireland , greece and cyprus were worth exactly the same as our combined exports to the biggest 10 emerging markets . 
  this is a monstrous miscalculation . 
  it probably fails at being ironic , but yes ; it was a bad attempt at humor . 
  i knew about swiss gun ownership already , it 's not really a secret , hence why i wrote about the ease of availability to a dangerous weapon being a possible cause of more damage than what would have happened otherwise - and then qualifying that later by saying that this rarely happens because of the social responsibility that comes with owning such a weapon in suisse . 
   the cries for gun control are bullshit , paranoid sensationalism at its finest . 
  yup , i agree . 
  it 's a social problem in that someone has failed to teach an individual that straight-up killing a man is wrong . 
  i imagine that national service goes some way to teaching that sort of responsibility ... 
  let the flanders go and be themselves as a republic . 
  and then let the king ( who does n't really like that flanders bit anyway ) have the rest . 
  remember , this is a country that does n't really have common language or culture . . or history . 
  omg ban all guns !, 
  in all seriousness though , if this dude did n't have access to a high powered assault weapon i reckon there would have been significantly less damage done . 
  i would kill kittens for this to happen in london . 
  if the uk left it would immediately become the eus largest customer . 
  when germany joined the euro , they effectively devalued their currency , so that the superior ( and i have no shame saying that ) goods that they make were sold at a more competitive price . 
  i do n't think that they 'd be in their interest . 
  but they 'd probably cope the best simply because they have cash and sensible fiscal policies . 
  yeah , and it seems to be a seriously pro-europe site . 
  amazing . 
  can you really not see how europe , and it 's people , our relationship and the common ground that we share is fundamentally separate from the eu . 
  which is something else entirely . 
  europe is a geographical place , eu is an organisation . 
  it 's not just misconception . 
  there are things we literally have no say in . 
  look at the cap . 
  not many countries want to pay for inefficient farmers . 
  then look at the hate the uk gets for the rebate . 
  but tony blair offered to get rid of the rebate if there would be a review of the cap , putting more money eu-wide into research and development ( so we would be more competitive as a unit ) . 
  obviously that got swatted aside immediately . 
  it 's not totally undemocratic - but it is fairly opaque as an organisation - and not particularity in touch with what happens on the ground in the actual countries its meant to be serving . 
  you can be a europe lover without loving the eu . 
  people will say europe , but actually most people do n't care about that . 
  according to this - http://twitter.com/msmithsonpb/status/281490101526204416/photo/1 it 's the economy , employment and immigration . 
  i do n't understand . 
  could you explain why that would be the case ? 
  would n't the opposite hold true ? 
  surely the more accurate the model , the better price you can offer to less risky individuals ? 
  personally i do n't think something as important as health care should be left to insurance alone . 
  social wellfare is what we have in most of europe and i think that 's probably the way forward . 
  i said that gender plays a role in risk . 
  then you said that i would * personally * pay women less money and also charge women more when they subscribe to the health insurance company that i do n't own . 
  i put it to you that the troll in this conversation is n't me ... 
  are you confusing social wellfare with insurance ? 
  are you willing to charge someone who has a heart condition more than someone who does n't ? 
  do you understand what risk means ? 
  yup - legislation that flys in the face of logic . 
  high fives all round . 
   this is the principle of solidarity . 
  this is the same organisation that is currently dragging ireland through the mud to prop up their idea of a currency . 
  high fives to solidarity . 
  cool - lets all pay the same for insurance despite the fact we 're all different . 
  let 's throw the last 1000 years of insurance experience out the window and start over instead of re-wording a piece of legislation . 
   the argument is n't that there is n't a statistical difference between men and women in this area ( which there may well be ) , the argument is that it is n't fair to discriminate either way on the basis of that . 
  you see discrimination . 
  insurance sees it as assessing risk . 
  equality is a good thing but now insurance companies will have to deliberately scupper their risk models and we 'll all end up paying more . 
  it 's two steps forward and one step back , and it 's also legislation to fix a social issue . 
  your welcome to start your own insurance company and base your risk assessment on whatever you want . 
  it just so happens that successful insurance companies have amassed a pool of data that suggests that despite the eus assurances there 's actually differences between men and women . 
  * shocking ! * . 
  i 'm for equality , but this seems like a unintended side effect of the legislation and also makes the incorrect assumption that there are no differences between gender . 
   except it is n't . 
  in the uk , if you drive you have to have insurance ( by law ) . 
  employment is the one that is optional . 
  and with employment you have , in theory , greater choice in terms of who you go with . 
  if its government mandated then it 's skewed already . 
  nobody is forcing you to drive . 
  but feeding yourself and your family is probably forcing you to work . 
   yes we do that all the time . 
  murder is a crime , speeding is a crime , drink driving is a crime . 
  are you seriously saying that 's same as profiling someone for risk ? 
   i dunno , it 's kinda nice to get rid of discrimination ... are you seriously saying that inhibiting a type of profiling in insurance is going to stop all discrimination ? 
   what if ( say ) you 're a woman and all the shops nearby have a `` no women '' rule ? 
  eating is not optional , so should it be legal to essentially , de facto have it really hard to get for women ? 
  are you seriously saying that not implementing this means that women will be unable to eat ? 
   what does this even mean ? 
  is this a `` slippery slope '' argument ?
