  in denmark there 's a bizarre amount of hotdog vans ( p\u00f8lsevogn - not pronounced the way you think it is ) - they 're everywhere and it 's amazing . 
  also , growing up , there seemed to be little fish bars ( i do n't know what they 're called ) which you could just buy breaded fish and things like that as street food . 
  i have n't been back for a while but they seem to be disappearing . 
  edit - missing comma, 
  design by committee , probably . 
   during a chinese language class , the sentence `` wo shi ou meng de zhi yuan '' , which means `` i 'm an employee of the eu '' , was practiced again and again . 
  your hard-earned eu contribution at work . 
  ladies and gentleman . 
  to answer that emptiness -  it 's unusual to have more than a dozen of the 736 meps in the chamber during a debate . 
  to be fair , something similar could be said , mutatis mutandis , of many national legislatures . 
  still , discussions in the european parliament have an especially stilted quality , because speeches are generally limited to 90 seconds or two minutes . 
  euro-mps are reluctant to waste their time on responding to earlier points , so the debates become exercises in speed-reading press releases . 
   the exception is the voting session , which usually takes place between noon and one in the afternoon . 
  euro-mps have to be present then , or they lose half their daily attendance allowance . 
  attendance matters if your mep wants to pick up his # 250 gravy-train attendance check . 
  well , at least they have the platform to let them do it - it 's kind of the point . 
  you 'll find the same all over the political spectrum . 
  it 's not unique to ukip, 
  europe would be more united if the eu project was more limited in its scope . 
  i know that the blues do n't really get a look in north of the border . 
  i do n't know why though . 
  do you ? 
  maybe some examples to get the ball rolling ? 
  good point . 
  there 's quite a lot of uk based news that ends up being re-posted in the / r/europe . 
  whilst it 's technically eu news/comment because the uk * is in * the eu . 
  this story in particular probably belongs elsewhere . . 
   the eu opt-out is not simply a decision about keeping 133 eu law and order measures . 
  it is also about whether the european court of justice should have full jurisdiction over them for the first time -- once the uk opts back in to these 35 measures , eu judges rather than uk judges will have the last word on how they are interpreted . 
  this would have been an important debate , because amending eu law in the wake of an eu judgment that results in something our elected representatives did not intend is extremely difficult , as it can only be achieved through complex eu negotiations . 
  thus , the democratic link to citizens is broken . 
  in the context of the uk 's wider relationship with the eu , an opt-out could have provided the opportunity to debate this fundamental issue . 
  hopefully there 'll be no investigation into the eu 's heavily subsidised bull fighting exports . 
   it 's tantamount to saying that you do n't want a cap at all . 
  i believe quite a lot of eu countries feel that way . 
  certainly before the reforms at least . 
  i do n't like the tax bit , the way they 've effectively voted to give themselves a special mep tax rate that only they get to enjoy . 
  this gives the situation that mep 's are making up rules and regulations for which they themselves are exempt . 
  that tax `` efficient '' ( avoiding , evading , whatever you want to call it ) companies are getting the wrath of these very same people is laughable . 
   three weeks after being installed in his position by the newly elected icelandic government , the foreign minister said that `` this is how democracy works '' . 
  indeed it does - good for iceland . 
  anyone else getting a paywall ? 
  trade has gone up between euro-using countries by around 3-15 % ( depending on who you believe ) - but would you agree that it 's come at a high price for some of the countries involved ? 
  e.g the ones who are being bailed out currently ? 
   huge net benefit probably not * huge * after you 've written off all the loans that wo n't get paid back . 
  ... of course there 's unmeasurable subjective benefits to keeping the euro as well . 
  not for britain . 
  as far as i know we already had a free trade agreement with the us which we had to ditch once the uk joined the eu . 
  pretty sure the swiss already have free trade agreements in place with both china and the us - and canada . 
  eu is doing pretty much the same . 
  most eu solar businesses are subsidised one way or another . 
  as is the wine trade ( cap ) which the chinese are threating to put a big fat duty on in retaliation . 
  personally - if the chinese want to sell us dirt cheap panels to solve the eus energy crisis ... fair enough . 
  you still have to pay an eu man to install it and pay an eu person for planning permission . 
  solar r&d does n't have to leave the eu either . 
   the conservatives still breed the others that you 've mentioned ring true ... but not this one . 
  source ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge's_law_of_headlines you 're not the only one . 
  i thought the same until i shared a flat with two slovaks ... 
  i do n't know if it 's just my family but the danes sing too much . 
  christmas , birthdays , weddings ... hold hands and fucking sing . 
  ... and speeches - always with the speeches . 
  the chinese do have a case given the influence of the cap , which still provides significant subsidies to farms including vineyards . 
  i 'm with you - i did n't sense any self-righteousness in what you wrote . 
  indeed , why leave the lessons of gross incompetence to chance when you can guarantee it by bringing the kid to work . 
  you 'd think the massive mep wage and fuck all tax that she pays would cover the cost of child care . 
  i 'm not on the breadline - but i * really * want to try that emergency eu cheese that some people get . 
  by the way - 300,000 people using food banks is a very small percentage of the uk population ( 5 people in 1000 ) - whilst it 's sad that things have got to this , it 's nice to see the most hard done by in society are at the very least not going hungry . 
  [ how i got to that number ] ( http://m.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=300000+people+out+of+%28+uk+population+%29&amp;x=0&amp;y=0 ), 
   you can definitely skip paris , london and amsterdam . 
  especially amsterdam . 
  two of the largest eu cities and the weed & hooker capital of europe ?? 
  brussels . 
  - only joking . 
  there 's a large dog population in bucharest . 
  it 's strangely endearing to see a stray dog hop under the subway gate , follow you into the carriage and hop off when you do . 
  ... bit more than ok . well governed and * filthy rich *, 
  just thinking about it - what 's happened when other nations have split like this ? 
  the only one i can think of is czechoslovakia - which ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) went ok . 
  any experience in the matter ? 
  before someone picks that up for grammer , i 'd like to go out and say i did n't know the plural for anus . 
  fyi i looked it up - it 's `` anuses '' . 
  also , i stumbled across the historical word frequency for anus - there 's a massive spike around the 1900 's - i wonder what was going on then ? 
  here it is - http://imgur.com/rb800ar, 
  preparing their anus . 
   tariffs on imports wo n't hurt domestic solar panel makers . 
  it 'll hurt the green energy sector as a whole . 
  people who fit panels , distribute them , resuppliers etc. 
  it 's * already * too expensive and has to be subsidised , and that 's on top of the eu subsidies for eu panel makers . 
   as to it smacking of protectionism - they 're saying that if they do find evidence of dumping , then they 'll impose it . 
  if they impose it unfairly following the investigation , china can always appeal through the wto . 
  ... and the provisional one almost certainly kicking in immediately at almost 50 % despite being half way through the investigation . 
  i believe the eu ( germany and norway ) provides china with polysilicone and some high tech components that go into making panels . 
  it 'll be interesting to see in china retaliates and bumps up tariffs for that , meaning less eu exports and bumping up prices even more for everyone involved . 
  according to the article it 's it 's not yet been proven ( but it 's going ahead anyway ) and no eu solar panel maker wants it to happen . 
  whatever way you slice it - it smacks of protectionism . 
  explain to me how the eu ( well , germany ) is n't taxpayer subsidising their own solar panels ? 
  your example is n't a good one either . 
  as soon as the chinese denied/overpriced their supply just two rare earth mines ( molycorp in california , and lynas in australia ) were able to ramp up production and are now capable of providing a decent portion of demand - so much so that the `` the inner mongolia baotou steel rare earth hi-tech company '' - the big player here - completely stopped production for a few months in 2012 because no one was buying it . 
  i honestly did n't know there was such a thing .
