  you 've already said `` the premise is that sometimes an accurate decision is * bad * for society overall/eventually . '', 
  so i think you know what i mean when i saw it 's where you draw the line . 
  how irrational do you get when you lay down laws for the supposed good of society ? 
  you say equality in employment , i agree . 
  i draw the line at insurance profiling because it 's based on real sums and figures . 
  let 's make it clear now , if it 's compulsory insurance - then it 's already been skewed by the government and the argument does n't apply . 
  these are the products that people can buy , if you do n't want to then you do n't have to . 
  this is my last one on this - until next time rmc . 
  it 's putting up legislation to fight a social problem . 
  like i said before its where you draw the line ... 
   the premise is that sometimes an accurate decisions is bad for society overall/eventually . 
  i feel like this is the premise for the whole of the eu with inevitably unintentional hilarious/disastrous consequences . 
   different driving insurance for different genders means that male & female taxi drivers are n't equal . 
  your not equal to an insurance firm if your born with jermery beadle hands and no eyes - and that 's not his/her fault either . 
  statistically this subset of person ( based on previous data , which is gathered for it 's objectivity , * not * subjectivity ) is 100 % guaranteed to crash into the most expensive car in any given area . 
  lets get the government to interfere and make them taxi drivers also . 
  as with most of these things ; it 's where you draw the line . 
  i think employment laws are good , because it 's been shown that there 's illogical discrimination . 
  insurance is based on hard statistics , and this is the eu skewing things and i see no reason why . 
   what about laws making it illegal to not sell to one gender ? 
  do you think a pub saying `` men only '' should be legal ? 
  honestly if it 's on your land and its your business , and if you want to exclude 50 % of your target customer base then i think you should be able to . 
  i do n't go down harley street to kick down doors demanding for my equal right to a smear test . 
  great username by the way . 
  i 've got a stinking hangover so this might not make any sense ... employment should really be based on merit . 
  if you 're good at the job then you should get the promotion , you use the example in another post about a women getting smashed up the duff being a deciding factor in employment choice - but actually if you look at sweden you 'll see what true equality looks like ; equal time off for both people , which suddenly makes that point moot . 
  so i think that the current laws are a stop gap measure until society sorts itself out . 
  insurance is a product provided by a company , and it 's optional . 
  a firm measures its exposure to risk and of course it 's a fact that gender plays a role in things . 
  i do n't see why that should change and it 's a different thing to employment , which is something that is definitely * not * optional for the vast number of people . 
  your talking about work . 
  i 'm talking about measuring risk for the purposes of insurance . 
  have i missed something ? 
  yup - the mechanics are the same but what xaguta implied is imo not the definition of insurance . 
  denmark , holland , and also steal normandy from france ( we did it before ! ) . 
  people will disagree , but i think these are countries ( and normandy ) that see eye-to-eye with each other , same outlook etc. 
  not politically , but just the sort of people and the interactions . 
  i do n't know enough about the situation to make an informed comment . 
  all i * do * know is that there is both a mario * and * a luigi involved . 
  which makes me happy . 
   people paying in a communal pool so everybody can get the care they need ? 
  that 's a welfare state . 
  insurance is about offsetting risk . 
  it 's an established fact that gender plays a role in risk . 
  this is dumb . 
  i say this despite the fact it will likely make my insurance cheaper . 
  agree , but the eu is going to have to change and so should the relationship . 
  -- edit -- also , you can be conservative and liberal . 
  the two are n't opposites or mutually exclusive . 
  this is the same website that produced that infographic showing how the budget was spent but magically omitting the cap and just pretending that everyone is happy with it . 
  ... and now this . 
  remember it was bureaucrats ' dreaming that is the reason that a lot of eu countries are being dragged through the mud to prop up a dodgy currency . 
  shocking, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  ... and more earthquakes . 
  agree , iceland can choose its own fiscal destiny whilst ireland has to do what it is told . 
  probably the opposite actually , over industralised and a high population . 
  i 'm from essex - it 's like anywhere else in the home counties . 
  some parts are nice , others are shitholes . 
  i grew up close to clacton-on-sea - that would be one of the shitholes . . 
  it 's not a bad place by any means , but perhaps it is a bit more uncouth compared to our neighbors in herts or kent . 
  and slightly less inbred than the suffolk folk to the north of us . 
  what you do n't see on tv is the the thousands of educated essex boys that end up working in the city doing insurance/trading/hedge funds . 
  fuck that . 
  cycle because it 's cheaper . 
  there could be a third option if enough people complain ... 
  the price for the common market at the moment is paying up for the unfair cap . 
  it 's attractive at the moment but that 's not always going to be the case . 
  why not try to move policy ? 
  eu policy is fucked at the moment and it 's only the common market that makes people want to stay . 
  why not try to change it ? 
  why else would two fantastic countries ( norway , switz ) choose to opt out as things currently stand ? 
  this plays both ways ... surely ... 
  i think there 's a lot of people who are pro europe but do n't like what the eu currently is . 
  boris is one of those people . 
  it 's not really `` playing '' the eurosceptic press if that 's been his stance all along . 
  the most bizarre application of mcat i 've every heard of !, 
  nasty stuff at the best of times ... 
  this is obvious . 
  monti was the european commissioner . 
  so obviously eu leaders would want him in place . 
  would the italian electorate want him ? 
  i suspect not . 
  this is true . 
  at the expense of other countries . 
  i take it back . 
  how about this then ; you 've already made trade agreements with both canada , china , the us and australia . 
  to your mutual benefit . 
  how many of those has the eu agreed yet ? 
  being forced to sign up for the euro probably would have changed a bit of that . 
  you are still mistaking consumerism with liberalism . 
  i do n't think ni is doing as badly as you think . 
  edit : misunderstood parent post . . 
  someone else in this thread has already addressed this :  it is worth bearing in mind that as recent surveys show over 50 % of catholics in ni want to remain part of the uk this does n't necessarily mean irish reunification any time soon . 
  -- edit -- i only reposted it because i thought exactly the same thing as the parent poster when reading the headline . 
  the link is from `` one-europe '' . 
  does n't sound like the most objective website ... 
   if you 're talking on one side about pulling out of certain aspects of `` the union '' while at the same time pretending your voice to still be heard under the same weight at the table where decisions are made , in my opinion , you 're just being a capricious kid who has no proposals to put forward and want 's to be listened to regardless of the validity of your points . 
  brilliant - the uk voice concerns about areas of the eu that have since been demonstratively proven bad ( the euro being the big one ) . 
  and for this we are now ( in your opinion ) a capricious kid .
