  i 'm not saying it 's the ideal relationship - it 's not what i 'd want for my own country i merely contested what the original parent poster was saying about the common market . 
  you 've highlighted some of the costs of this model , on the upside they have flexibility over external trade , democratic legitimacy ( the bilateral agreements have been put to a referendum by the people ) which is often a source of criticism of the eu . 
  they have exemption from cap , cfp and eu-wide regional policy and also exemption from eu social and employment regulation ( a sticking point in my country at least ) . 
  they pay monies to the eu but it 's considerably less than full eu members and some of it has been voluntary . 
  the guillotine clause you linked to covers a set of bilateral agreements made in 2009 . 
  there 's more that have come after that , have they also got a guillotine clause ? 
   not really . 
  so that 's a yes , then . 
  you 're right about the guillotine clause , it would stuff the swiss economy in the short term , it 's not in their interest * but * it 's still in the hands of the swiss . 
  your theoretical argument swings both ways because it 's not been tested yet . 
  on the other hand the swiss are enjoying free trade agreements that would not be available to them under full eu membership . 
  from your article :  swissinfo.ch : would eu membership necessarily spell the end of switzerland 's cherished system of direct democracy ? 
   t.c. 
  : not at all . 
  our research has shown that about 50 per cent of swiss laws are directly affected by the eu . 
  however , there is no or only an indirect impact on the rest of the legal regulations . 
  ...  direct democracy still has a role to play in the implementation of eu laws . 
  a regulation could be rejected in a referendum for instance . 
  i used switzerland as an example of a country that has access to the common market but has n't had a loss of sovereignty . 
  your article supports that . 
  switzerland says otherwise, 
  agree - here 's the authors justification :  correlation is not the same as causation except when , you know , it is . 
  also , i ca n't think of anyone who does n't want the common market . 
  which was alive and beneficial well before the eu came into being with the lisbon treaty . 
  a quick google suggests that 's not the case . 
  i 'm sure it 's happened in the past ( as you correctly pointed out with the bendy bananas ) but i do n't think it 's happened with this one . 
  so you agree that the link you provided does n't actually challenge what the telegraph said ? 
  do you also agree that what the telegraph said is in line with what the proposed legislation said ? 
  if that 's the case , then i think we 're finished :-) i do n't think i mislead the parent poster and you seem to agree . 
  oh right i thought you meant actual enshrined-in-a-treaty legislation . 
  look up / \\ - from the telegraph ( i 'm not for a moment saying that the telegraph is trustworthy ) . 
  it does n't say olive oil will be outright banned . 
  that goes against what you 're saying . 
  the link i provided said `` eu to ban olive oil jugs from restaurants '' . 
  not `` eu seeking to impose laws banning olive oil on restaurant tables '' . 
  this is in line with the actual proposed legislation . 
   the self-corrective measures worked . 
  what self-corrective measures ? 
  my point to the original poster was that he said `` i predict nothing coming of this . 
  '' , i 'm just suggesting that it 's possible based on previous experiences . 
  i 'm not a restaurant owner so it 's not my field . 
  but it proved deeply unpopular with them , and the public , both were n't consulted . 
  the public outcry is why it was repealed . 
  if by representatives you mean the huge farming lobbying group called copa-cogeca , then yes it was asked for . 
  the public and restaurant owners were n't consulted . 
  in this case , the proposal was an `` implementing regulation '' which means no participation from either national parliaments or meps , instead the commission proposal was only considered by a committee of specialists . 
  incredibly , the commission does not even to get a majority to back its proposals - its enough that a majority does not oppose them . 
  what is slightly less disturbing was that they did n't stick to their guns after the public outcry . 
  but the main point i was trying to make to the parent commenter is that you ca n't rule out the eu doing something stupid . 
  actually ... that article does n't challenge the olive oil story , i tried to do a search on that site and that 's the only article that comes up . 
  so going back to first principals here 's the actual proposed legislation . 
  make up your own mind . 
   implementing regulation ( eu ) no 29/2012 is amended as follows :  1 ) in article 2 , the following third paragraph is added :  ` oils made available to the final consumer in hotels , restaurants and pubs and bars shall be packed in containers equipped with an opening system which can not be resealed after it has first been opened , together with a protection system preventing them from being reused once the contents indicated on the label have been finished . 
  they shall also bear labels in line with articles 3 to 6 . ', 
   products which comply with regulation ( ec ) no 29/2012 and which have been manufactured and labelled in the union or imported into the union and put into free circulation before 1 january 2014 may be marketed until all stocks are used up . 
  `` eu to ban olive oil jugs from restaurants '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10064787/eu-to-ban-olive-oil-jugs-from-restaurants.html this was actually going to happen before there was a public outcry . 
  do n't be so sure . 
  remember the olive oil debacle ? 
  just a thought , what is the military might of norway ? 
  i mean , there 's so much cash and natural resources is it plausible that someone could just roll the tanks in a nick it all ? 
  the benefits granted to a person is based on the amount of time that person has resided in the country , this includes child support . 
  so that 's already in contradiction to the treaty and furthermore it 's happening right now . 
  to go down this route would mean trying to extend this already established time further ( basically to the point one becomes a uk citizen i suppose ) . 
  yes , you 're right ; that was my assumption - but the only new deal i can see ( admittedly only from the same website i linked to ) involving russia buying from ukraine is regarding airplane engines . 
  and yes you 're right things could change in the future , although if russia wanted to build ships for arctic domination i 'm sure there 's shipyards closer to the action than those in the ukraine , like severodvinsk . 
  it 's not great investigative work for sure , but at least it 's one more source than the original article offered !, 
  the main point i 'm trying to make is that the original article seems to me like pure conjecture . 
  i did , and then i read cameron 's interview , and then i read into the regulations . 
  that 's the conclusion i came to . 
   also , the deal allocates $ 4 billion to rejuvenating ukraine 's shipbuilding industry . 
  alarms should be ringing on parliament hill . 
  russia makes no secret of coveting canada 's arctic waters . 
  i ca n't find a source for this . 
   in the former ussr , ukraine ranked among the world 's top five shipbuilders . 
  besides oil tankers -- russia claims to be ordering these -- the shipyards around kerch manufacture defence vessels : the world 's largest aircraft carrier ; anti-nuclear research explorers capable of unprecedented depths ; and the world 's best icebreakers . 
  at one time , port churchill in manitoba showed an interest in them . 
  cool , but that was then , lebedev has gone on record on the 26th dec saying that the defence budget was going to be cut further , and i ca n't see any news that would suggest that the ukraine is going to start building destroyers again . 
  and yet he 's on record as saying he wants to remain in the eu . 
  actually , the rules on child benefit are governed by the eu 's social security regulation . 
  the directive and regulation are both decided though qualified majority , meaning that no single eu country has a veto , meaning poland would need to muster a blocking minority to see off the changes . 
  the headlines are lacking substance and this is basically turning into a shouting match . 
  edit - just to be clear , the linked article quotes cameron as saying he wants to limit child benefit to kids abroad , there 's other benefits that ca n't be touched without a treaty change . 
  the euro crisis and subsequent lack of jobs has meant that a lot more young europeans come to live and work in london . 
  i 've benefited living and working in london myself and getting to meet new people that i would n't have done otherwise . 
  and of course getting to travel to places that i otherwise would n't have thought of going to with these people . 
  forced deportations happen all over the eu . 
  france have deported god knows how many romani camps and sarkozi deported terrorist suspects in defiance european court of european human rights rulings . 
  not singling out france but that 's the country that springs to mind . 
  let 's be honest that this happens all over the place . 
  the fine for flouting the law is minimal and trying to change the law results in uproar and nothing happening anyway . 
  i feel like this sums it up nicely -  the eu 's `` soft power '' foreign policy -- luring countries in by offering them gradual access to or membership of the eu 's zone of stability and trade -- has hit its limits . 
  eu enlargement as a foreign policy tool -- betting on others voluntarily imitating the eu -- worked as long as it could offer a haven to post-dictatorship countries in the mediterranean and eastern europe , but without confronting the geopolitical orbit of hard power . 
  with ukraine , it has come up against precisely that in the form of russia . 
  moscow offered its neighbour a binary choice : us or them . 
  in a region still responding more to the whip than the carrot , the eu 's soft power proved highly limited . 
  no amount of tweeting from constructivist-inclined eu foreign ministers will change that . 
   if the eu makes a deal , you know that long term it wo n't change , and wo n't come with unforeseeable conditions down the line . 
  i do agree with the main thrust of what you 're saying but considering that the eu is n't entirely sure if it wants federalism , a 2 speed europe , or even a complete reform ( or just nothing at all ) , it 's not a gold plated guarantee that things are n't going to change . 
  why not both ? 
  so , does anyone have those photos ?
