  it is no wonder that greeks fled ; most did so with the fear of violence without a systematic expelling . 
  precautions were taken by the turkish side to prevent atrocities , which naturally did not work as efficiently . 
   well it kinda was cause in smyrna alone turks slaughtered as many as 100.000 people , i do n't think greece killed 100.000 turks after the treaty was signed . 
  that 's a hugely exaggerated number and most of them died during the fire . 
   nope , you 're lying . 
  one million refugees came to greece before any treaty had been signed . 
  the exchange started happening before the agreement was signed . 
  greeks were already leaving turkey and turks were already leaving greece before anyone signed any paper ; the signign was simply the officialization of what both governments had in mind . 
  the `` cleaning '' that went on in western turkey was for the most part no different than what happened after the paper was signed anyway . 
   now that no greeks lived in anatolia there was no reason for muslims to live in greece . 
  that was n't the reason and you know it . 
  muslims had been leaving the balkans long before wwi anyway . 
   but the rest of the greeks were cleansed during the counter attack of kemal 's army . 
  by the time the treaty was signed greece already had 1 million refugees . 
  that is not true . 
  ottoman empire had around 1,7 million greeks before wwi . 
  greece received a million during the population exchange . 
  considering hundreds of thousands of greeks died during wwi in the first place , and some of them remained in turkey even after the exchange , that is impossible . 
  if greeks were getting ethnically cleansed by kamal 's army , there would n't really be an opportunity for a population exchange , do n't you think ? 
   why , you said that some people that had their church in turkey for 20 centuries suddently left on their own without any `` persuasion '' by the turks . 
  that does n't make any sense and you have to prove your claims . 
  the countless massacres against christians carried out during wwi was enough for them to leave on their own . 
  yes there was a `` persuasion '' , but the turkish government of that time did n't do it . 
   they were given to turkey according to an international agreement and by the time it was signed the military of kemal had already cleansed the unarmed greeks which is a war crime . 
  that is not true . 
  greeks and other christians in eastern anatolia were cleansed by the three pashas . 
  the population exchange between turkey and greece happened after agreement between both parties , and was proposed by a third party first ; the league of nations , i think . 
   citation needed . 
  you are the one who must prove that they were kicked out . 
  if that was the case there would n't be many christians left in any part of turkey , whereas around 2 % of the country were christian until the pogroms . 
  [ that is the case in the us . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interracial_marriage_in_the_united_states#census_bureau_statistics ) i do n't imagine the eu is much different . 
   after ww1 was over , the newly formed turkey had many non-greek christians of various ethnicities in their country - not just armenians that survived the genocide , but also groups like arab christians . 
  most of them were expelled or had to flee . 
  arab christians were expelled or kicked out , while arab muslims just became turkish citizens . 
  first of all , very few non-greek christians remained in anatolia after the genocide . 
  some of them were also expelled to greece ; greece received all sorts of christians from turkey , including turkish christians . 
  other than that , they were n't `` kicked out '' , they left to armenia , the rest of the middle east , or europe ( which is why europe has a huge armenian diaspora now ) . 
   as an example , the syriac orthodox church was formerly located in antioch ( in hatay ) and had to relocate to damascus due to the turkish annexation of the city . 
  no , it was found in antioch . 
  it was in mardin before it was relocated to syria , and they left on their own . 
  the christians that were expelled by kamal pretty much entirely went to greece . 
  greece did the same ; turkey received around a million muslims from greece . 
  the reason why turkish christians are nearing extinction today while there are still some muslims in greece is not because of kamal . 
  pogroms were launched against them under the rule of the populist menderes . 
  they were sent to greece ( greece did the same to its muslims ) , not syria . 
  most interracial marriages involve a non-white male with a white female . 
  non-whites in the eu typically come from patriarchal cultures where the children tend to adopt the identities of their fathers . 
   ataturk expelled most of the christian population in turkey to syria no lol . 
  honestly , from where do you people come up with this shit ? 
  kamal was btfo'ing the brits in gallipoli during that . 
   the first covers conservatives ( in muslim countries ) in general too , who do n't present a big threat to civility . 
  you do n't need to believe that the qur ` an should influence the law to be a conservative . 
  kamalists , some gray wolves , turanists etc. 
  are all conservatives but have no religious reasoning . 
  european right is conservative with no religious motives . 
  the first definition is not a manifestation of regular conservatism in the form of religion , it is a manifestation of religion in the form of conservatism . 
  these people think the qur ` an should influence the law because they believe in it . 
  anyone who wants islam to have any influence on politics is an enormous threat to civilization as a whole . 
   islamism is a concept whose meaning has been debated in both public and academic contexts . 
  [ 1 ] the term can refer to diverse forms of social and political activism advocating that public and political life should be guided by islamic principles , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] or more specifically to movements which call for full implementation of sharia . 
  [ 3 ] i use the first meaning . 
   unless we 're using a definition so wide that us conservatives would fit in too except for the preferred book . 
  there are n't many american conservatives who think the bible should influence the politics , but yeah the bible thumpers from fucking mississippi or some other place like that are most definitely not secular . 
  i discussed this just an hour ago . 
  only 36 % of the country does not think that the qur ` an should not influence the laws . 
   make adultery illegal again yeah they would support that . 
  the why of it does n't matter . 
  these people want to islamize the country 's judicial system . 
  this makes them islamists . 
   because the bible does n't have laws , neither does the qoran , what on earth are you talking about ? 
  both have very strict laws . 
  the only difference is that christians think the bible was written by men , since it is more of a compilation , while muslims think that the qur ` an is the literal word of god ; thus , the latter is much less open to interpretation . 
   but when taken on individual issues , from abortions , to gay marriage , to other conservative issues most people here are very conservative , and many times use religious reasoning . 
  come on man . 
  what do imam hatips have to do with simple conservatism ? 
  many chp voters are conservatives who are against gay marriage and such things , but they keep religion out of their campaigning against them . 
  what does taking evolution out of school lessons have to do with secular conservatism ? 
  these people simply want schoolchildren indoctrinated by religion . 
  i assure you they want an official religion as well , and want criticism of islam banned . 
  i am sure many want certain dress codes for women . 
  the average chp voter thinks that gay marriage is wrong because of secular reasons ; that is , he thinks homosexuals are sick and need help and we should n't glorify it and so on . 
  that is vanilla conservatism . 
  the average akp voter thinks that gay marriage is wrong because it is haram . 
  that is not simple conservatism , it is islamism . 
  political moves with religious reasoning and motives go against secularism , by definition . 
  if you think that theft should be illegal bcause it is haram , you are not secular . 
   thus their religion influences the law . 
  the republicans in the us are the same . 
  very few republicans in the us think that there should be laws because `` the bible says so '' . 
  that is not the case with turks . 
  the guys literally say that the law should be influenced by the qur ` an , on the link you posted . 
  you are wrong . 
  turks are islamists . 
  accept facts . 
  in which eastern european country does 36 % of the population believe that the bible should influence the law ? 
  the very fact that this referandum got more than 20 % yes votes shows the direction our country is heading to . 
  is he going to be the president now ? 
  yes . 
  we are fucked , and no one but us is to blame for this .
