  that is irrelevant . 
  i quoted the link you posted . 
  only 36 % of the country believes that the laws should not be influenced by qur ` an . 
  come on man . 
  do not be angry at truths . 
  truths are truly very staggering , but when supported by documents , accept them . 
  what is wrong here ? 
  facts ? 
  most people here are islamists , that is a fact , my personal life has nothing to do with it , and you are delusional if you deny this . 
   you 're arab and not turkish ? 
  i am an ethnic turk , raised by irreligious but nominally sunni people , now atheist . 
  happy now ? 
   lol what even is that . 
  if you had bothered to read the article you would have seen that the source was pew research to begin with . 
  from the very link you posted :  in turkey , which was founded as a secular democracy in 1923 , 36 % say that laws should not be influenced by the quran , compared with 27 % who said this in 2012 . 
  pull your head out of your ass . 
  everyone in my family prostrates towards kamal 's mausoleum 5 times a day after washing themselves with rak\u0131 , actually . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.yenisafak.com/secim-referandum-2017/secim-sonuclari ) represents the direction of turkey . 
  arabs of turkey are some of the most secular people here by the way . 
  two districts of southern hatay have the second and third highest chp voter percentages in the entire country . 
   do they want an official religion ? 
  i am sure they do . 
   to you even obama holding a speech on his religion and how it influenced him , was to '' anti-secular '' . 
  there is no point in arguing if you think the average turk would be content with turkey 's leader using religious rhetoric alone , which already happens . 
  [ only 52 % of akp voters think the state should be secular . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ez0g3 ) [ only 36 % of the country thinks that religion should not influence politics at all . 
  ] ( http://www.timeturk.com/turkiye-icin-laiklik-ve-seriat-anketi/haber-141690 ) even the ones who apparently do n't want sharia want islam to influence the judicial system to some extent . 
  that is not up to debate , only that extent is . 
  summarize the events of the last 3 years in your head please . 
  that is where positivity brought you . 
  you are wasting your breath on these people . 
  the people of this country literally voted their democratic rights away just because erdo\u011fan asked them to , and yet you have tards here who are optimistic because erdo\u011fan won by a small margin . 
  the very fact that more than 20 % of this country voted yes is abhorrent in the first place but our guys are glad because at least we got 49 % . 
  most people here are islamists who are glad of everything erdo\u011fan is doing . 
  the reason why akp voters ' support of erdo\u011fan slightly dropped during the referandum was because the economy was going to shit . 
  add to that the hdp and mhp voters that are islamists and you get an easy 60 % of the country . 
  that is even without considering the fact that a small group of fanatics are enough to make an enormous difference anyway . 
  most people in is-held territory do not agree with them , and yet there they are . 
  it took around 80k people dedicated to a cause to wreck havoc in the entire middle east . 
  that is a mere 0,1 % of turkey 's population . 
  the problem here is that while most people here are indeed not violent , they simply wo n't say anything against violence . 
  no akp voter would ever come out and say `` hey . 
  we have a problem . 
  we should stop killing people and shit you know . '', 
  to their fellow akp voters . 
  this very day is an anniversary of a secterian massacre that took place in sivas . 
  would most akp voters do something like that if they had the opportunity ? 
  but would they act against it ? 
  never will you see akp voters try and improve their situation , you will only see them try and excuse the violent ones . 
  even if a mere 1 % of the country wanted to go around slaughtering us all , they could easily do it . 
  if 1 % of your population are violent , you are scum . 
  that is hundreds of thousands of people . 
  when talking about populations , small percentages equal to enormous numbers . 
  and unfortunately the percentage is much higher than 1 % . 
  these guys will realise what is going on only when knives are in their necks . 
  their wish to believe that all men are innocent inside , that the people they share their country with are actually good people after all , blinds them and paves way for our eventual destruction . 
  so you have chp protesting the deaths , the arrests , the tortures , and the oppression by ... walking . 
  why ? 
  because akp voters will like us eventually , if we act like a castrated and senile version of the akp . 
  you had imbeciles here who supported akp during a previous referandum , even though they were liberals . 
  why ? 
  because they were tired of kamalism 's authoritarianism , and thought that moderate islamists would be inclusive and accepting . 
  we told them , look , you ca n't trust these people , this guy literally said `` one ca n't be secular and muslim at the same time '' and has pictures of him with afghan jihadists . 
  they did n't listen , and here we are . 
  even if it does n't it still means something on the extreme end of the spectrum . 
  recent polls show that only 52 % of akp voters think that the state should be secular , and even the ones who do undeniably think that islam should influence our politics to some extent . 
  most people here are islamists ; moderate islamists but still islamists . 
  it is 12 % , and 12 % is quite a lot considering it means millions of people in this case . 
  also `` sharia '' means full-blown saudi arabia tier shit to turks ; most people here want islam to influence our politics to some extent . 
  what i am trying to say is that `` there is no justice in turkey '' can mean anything . 
  anyone who unironically believes that 76 % of the country supports these guys is either drunk or literally retarded . 
   chp needs to drop ideological purity and become a big tent party , with people who agree on basic things like : rule of law , freedom of press , independent judiciary , basic leftist economic policies ... etc most people here do not agree on those basic things . 
  this is pure nonsense . 
  absolutely no way 76 % of the people here are supportive of this . 
  it is probably because the question itself is very subjective . 
  according to many here there is no justice because there is no sharia . 
   that is what prevents us from winning the hearts of the regular people . 
  what prevents you from winning the hearts of regular people is the fact that you are not them . 
  they hate everyone that is not them , automatically . 
  that 's pretty wrong , i do n't know about the american constitution here but that sort of shit definitely should not be allowed here . 
   what ? 
  how do you think the the secularists use `` intimidation '' ? 
  protests . 
  gezi used to terrify the government . 
   was barack obama a theocrat because he talked about god and values while president ? 
  i do n't know much about american politics so i ca n't comment on them . 
  but using religious rhetoric for your political demands definitely goes against chp 's values . 
  yeah you are really realistic . 
  resist for 7 more hours and the government will be forced to resign by the un . 
  also erdo\u011fan has bowel cancer . 
  turks are too positive . 
   more polarisation wo n't work . 
  you ca n't '' intimidate '' people out of voting erdogan . 
  more polarization is exactly what we need . 
  these people call for unity in times of need and declare us traitors when they are strong . 
  enough is enough ; we are different and everyone should accept this . 
  and maybe we ca n't intimidate them but we can intimidate erdo\u011fan himself . 
   nothing wrong with this . 
  secularism = / = non-religiosity . 
  laicism is explicitly keeping religion out of politics .
