  saudi arabia and lashing do n't really go together at all . 
  while this channel can produce its fair share of abominations like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrcq_ptkvd4 ) , some of their videos should be taken seriously . 
  i do n't like the way how they blame none of this on western governments , though . 
  islamism was kept under control in mena before western countries decided to fuck with them and overthrow stable dictatorships . 
  i find this offensive . 
  britain is starting to look more and more like it is from a dystopic sci-fi movie . 
  i am losing more and more hope for perfidious albion each passing day . 
  saudi arabia is the biggest funder of violent islamic ideologies . 
  stop that and while all of your problems with muslims certainly wo n't stop , at least there would be less jihadists in your country . 
  saudi arabia is to blame for most of the jihadism that is ongoing . 
  political islam is sadly not a fault of saudi arabia alone . 
  pretty sure any country with a competent standing miitary would get nuked in case of a nuclear exchange , to prevent them from colonizing whatever that would remain of the annihilated countries in the future . 
   it tells you that green people are more vulnerable to the problem . 
  it does n't mean that they 're responsible because they 're green . 
  does it matter ? 
  i did n't even mention responsibility , i just stated the fact that uncontrolled immigration results in islamic terrorism . 
   it could even mean that our methods of determining who `` exhibits problematic behavior '' are biased . 
  how on earth are they `` biased '' ? 
  immigrants and their descendants are statistically much , much more likely to turn out to be terrorists . 
   but we also had more than 60 cases of arson against refugee homes , 9 violations against explosive laws ( both of these categories attributed to right-wing violence ) and 470-560 refugees injured after attacks depending on which source you trust more . 
  we are n't talking about other crimes ( in which immigrants and refugees still tend to rise to prominence ) , we are talking about islamic terrorism . 
   could be that it just did n't make it to international media but what i 'm talking about is the so-called lohberger brigade , a salafist-jihadist organisation where some founding members radicalized in syria and others with members of the grey wolves . 
  i have no idea what this is but gray wolves are not salafists lol . 
  they probably got introduced to islam by gray wolves and then entered salafism . 
   i fully agree there . 
  however , this requires working with migrants and others against all forms of radical islam . 
  openly pushing that this is about the kids of migrants and uncontrolled immigration as the major issue is counter productive here . 
  really ? 
  how ? 
  why ca n't you deport immigrants who clearly harm your society , and stop taking more ones that are n't going to contribute to it , and work with the good immigrants you have ? 
   most of these people are on the same side as we are . 
  no , they are probably indifferent . 
  in turkey at least . 
  they are n't outright supportive of them but they definitely are n't saddened by them . 
   i was probably unclear about this . 
  what i 'm getting at is that ` native europeans ' or simply non-religious europeans are also massively involved in violence and terrorism . 
  we are talking about islamic terrorism here . 
  not violence as a whole . 
  iirc immigrants are also more involved in other forms of crime too , though . 
   but that wo n't make the people who are looking for ideologies that ` allow them ' to commit these or similar crimes go away . 
  it wo n't prevent people from finding their favorite left , right or islamic hate groups online , radicalizing and joining their cause . 
  most people are n't looking for groups that will make them commit acts of terror . 
  they just want to live their lives . 
  they commit acts of terror because they see it as a religious duty , and think that they will be rewarded for it in the afterlife . 
   that 's what i meant initially . 
  this potential in people to be turned against the state and society itself is what is growing stronger , all across the population . 
  and radicals will keep exploiting that if we do n't find ways to decrease it . 
  nonsense . 
  there are numerous places in the world that suffer from poverty and directionlessness . 
  still , no group produces as much terrorists as muslims . 
  islam is the problem and it needs a reform . 
  the problem is that they probably would have gotten sent to turkey/ottoman empire . 
  so now we would be living in the same country but without forming the majority anywhere . 
  that is before the population exchange , so probably not . 
  croats literally name themselves after their ethnicity ? 
  talk about creativity . 
  i am not knowledgeable about the european partisans that fought during wwii so i prefer not to comment on them , but i would be very surprised if they turned out to be as religiously motivated as the afghan mujahideen . 
  true . 
   it would be a relatively safe bet to say that most extremists flew the taliban flag . 
  i am telling you that the taliban were not around for some of the time when extremists were running amok all over afghanistan anyway . 
  hell , even those who fought taliban were just less extremist extremists . 
  the taliban were not a brand during the soviet invasion . 
  the guys who joined it later on simply fought under different flags , and were all called `` the mujahideen '' . 
  you do n't need to be taliban tier to be a religious extremist . 
  that is because what appears as `` religious freaks '' to the people here are the norm in other parts of the world . 
  well , i am talking out of my ass here . 
  but for some reason i have trouble believing that most hungarians or a significant amount of foreign fighters hungary would have in a scenario where they are invaded by a muslim country , would want to install a constitution based on the bible . 
  i do n't think there would be many who would try to turn hungary into a state with a christian constitution , no . 
  what ? 
  today 's jihadis rose from among the ranks of the afghan mujahideen . 
  here is a hint : anyone who claims to be warring for religion is most likely a bad person . 
  please give the computer you stole back to its owner . 
  that really did n't sound racist to me , only stupid . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  they breed more than you do . 
  one day they are like to turn on you . 
  yes . 
  if you are in europe , that is the bigger threat for you , not really is . 
   hey , this is interesting . 
  i looked up on the net , seems like saudi and turkey are allies with ahrar ash-sham and jaish al-islam . 
  can you elaborate , how they are different to isis ? 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/647jkh/dumb_questions_special_april_8_2017/dg00yif/ ), 
  neither aas nor jai have goals of waging jihad abroad ( or at least they are n't open about it ) . 
  the saudis are actually not that involved in the funding of is . 
  saudi arabia is a vast country full of people who are , as surprising as this sounds , even more radical than the house of saud . 
  it is a monarchy , not a theocracy , and their nobility are afraid that organisations like is or al-qaeda will end up spreading to their place , especially because their military is so extremely incompetent . 
  they prefer to fund non-jihadi salafist groups , like ahrar ash-sham and jaish al-islam . 
  the jihadis are often funded by qatar , which is a rather remote and tiny place that is n't really worried about that sort of shit spreading there . 
  if i were you , i would be much more worried about the salafist mosques funded by the saudis all over europe . 
  that sort of shit may look more innocent than is , but in the long term they are going to be a bigger problem . 
  most muslims are still appalled by some of the stuff is does . 
  `` moderate salafism '' is much more appealing to european muslims . 
  the arms saudis receive are mostly used to bomb some illiterate farmers high on grass and armed with sandals , who have been btfo'ing the saudis since two years , but unfortunately are getting starved to defeat . 
  along with thousands of civilians of course . 
  never hear people talking about that . 
   the seljuks collapsed decades befor temujin united the mongol tribes . 
  huh ? 
  we are not talking about the great seljuq empire , we are talking about the sultanate of rum . 
  maybe you misunderstood because sultanate of rum as well is referred to as a seljuq state in turkey .
