`` it is not freedom of speech if i do n't like it . '', 
   erdogan does n't even really present himself as a ` macho ' the same way putin or trump do , he definitely does man , no idea what you are talking about . 
   and the support for it is overwhelmingly male . 
  support for erdo\u011fan during the referandum was 47 % among women . 
  yes . 
  most often enver pasha . 
  yeah . 
  people were known as `` son of '' . 
   the ottoman empire , an empire from the middle east , invaded europe and successfuly occupied parts of the continent for some time . 
  that 's pretty irrelevant , considering pretty much everyone was an invader at some point . 
  ottoman empire was an europe-centered empire , its capital was in europe , and it was heavily influenced by eastern roman culture , without a doubt more than the other way around . 
  and enver was an albanian , born in istanbul . 
   the mongols occupied parts of europe too . 
  we do n't call them european . 
  because they are n't in europe anymore . 
  hungarian ruling class was from asia too at some point , does n't mean they are n't european . 
  many gypsies as well are european even though they are from india originally . 
  pasha was not his surname , it is a title equating to general . 
  turks did not have surnames until the declaration of the republic . 
   i think none . 
  it can happen and from time to time does everywhere . 
  lies . 
  we all know some weird shit happens in omsk . 
   ... that one part of the country where all the weird shit happens ? 
  what do you mean by weird shit ? 
  adana often makes the news with all sorts of hilarious shit and people from there have a reputation of being hot blooded , while news of sexual abuse and deviancy often come form samsun . 
   ... facebook/another major social network ? 
  none . 
  onedio . 
   ... the go-to meme website ? 
  \u0130nci s\u00f6zl\u00fck is like turkey 's / b / if that 's what you are asking . 
   ... that really stupid meme you wish foreigners would understand ? 
  well it 's a rather obscure one but i really wish foreigners could understand this schizophrenic historian on youtube who has made hours and hours of rather psychedelic videos talking trying to defame kamal . 
   ... that one comedian/comedy show that goes way too far that you wish foreigners would understand ? 
  you are n't really allowed to go too far in turkey you know . 
  cem y\u0131lmaz is a well-known comedian here , you can find his subtitled videos i think . 
   ... that one easy to make fun of celebrity ? 
  all of them ? 
   ... that one idiot politician ? 
  for some reason i think it is different in the eu , though . 
  \u00c7omar 's implications are mostly political . 
  go back to t_d and pledge your alliance to israel please . 
  there is no food in turkey . 
  apa\u00e7i was used a few years ago . 
  let 's notice / u/captainabisko then , i do n't want to give false info to people . 
  both , but it is mostly atmosphere . 
  well there was a process of turkification that shooed off many people from turkey anyway , it was not something directed at christians . 
  sounds cruel to us but it was happening back at an age britain and france ruled half of the world . 
  i am not one of the guys who think things kamal did would be acceptable today , but it is pretty stupid to claim that he was unusual for his day . 
  the link you posted says that the orders did not come from the turkish state . 
   their patriarch was literally expelled from the country . 
  if it were up to them they would have preferred to stay centred in the city they were in for centuries , not relocate to syria . 
  source ? 
  here , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiol97ljsly ) should help you understand adana better . 
   during wars of independence of course people from all sides flee but that has nothing to do with the greek government once the state was established . 
  you 'll have to prove such claims . 
  that 's what i am saying . 
  people flee from war , and atrocities are committed everywhere . 
  is not ok , but was not something unique to kamal . 
   ankara 's government burnt a huge city full of refugees to the ground , its army was shooting and stealing unarmed civilians and up to 100.000 people died . 
  we do n't know who did it for sure , and killings of civilians were done by both sides during the war . 
  adana is a weird place , like the texas of turkey . 
  you get news of people throwing grenades at their mother-in-laws and shit from there . 
  / u/madpally can inform you about it better . 
   no , i meant signing papers so that mass killing is not necessary . 
  it was never seen as necessary . 
  ankara 's government tried to minimize massacres . 
  it made no matter , the greeks would have gotten sent to greece anyway . 
   so if tomorrow isis blows your family into pieces why would n't be it okay ? 
  because blowing things to pieces is wrong ? 
   that 's just silly , greece had more than decade to get rid of the muslims and yet they were still there until the treaty was signed . 
  a lot of balkanian muslims were sent to the ottoman empire after the countries there got their independences . 
  the muslims of greece at that time were just what remained . 
  turkey still had some christians left after the exchange as well so this means we did n't send any ? 
  a man in adana fired at the sun due to increasing temperatures . 
   yes but signing papers is how civilization works and the reason why mass murder is illegal . 
  so mass murder would be fine if it was done with the signing of papers ? 
  why is something ok just because it is legal ? 
  it is the same thing . 
   greece forced the muslims to leave greece just as much as turkey did since it also signed the treaty greece had been forcing muslims to leave greece since forever , it has nothing to do with the signing . 
  both parties wanted it , both of them benefitted in their view . 
   because killing people and forcing people to leave according to an international treaty are not quite the same . 
  the first is ethnic cleansing , the second one is a population exchange . 
  it is pretty much the same thing . 
  you force people to leave their land . 
  only one is done after you sign a paper . 
  why does it matter ? 
  either way they get forced to leave without their permission . 
  how does the departure of greeks from turkey differ from the departure of turks from greece ? 
  it is both unethical , but was viewed as a necessity by the governments of that time . 
  a mistake without a doubt , since a sizeable christian minority would have kept the islamists in check here . 
   so if an enemy army comes to your city , which is full of refugees , burns it to the ground and starts to slaughter the civilians , people will start to flee `` without systematic expelling '' ? 
  that happens in every war , it is what produces refugees . 
  if they were n't afraid of violence they would n't have fleed , do n't you think ? 
  so everyone who has ever produced refugees committed ethnic cleansing now ? 
  and i really am tired of arguing and do n't want to delve into the who did it part of the fire . 
  would have been pretty stupid of kamal to do it though , since the christian parts were the richest and you think he intended to expel them anyway . 
  we do shoot at the sun so i would n't really be surprised tbh . 
   they were leaving without their belongings because smyrna was on fire and turks were slaughtering them but that 's no `` exchange '' and was n't part of the future treaty , that 's just massacre and ethnic cleansing . 
  massacres were committed by both sides and while not justifiable they were expected .
