  no place for religious slogans in a political rally . 
  `` god commands justice '' . 
  so what ? 
   this is the electorate that turkey has , you got to work with it . 
  you ca n't fight it . 
  do n't forget to prep the \u00e7omar bull when he comes to fuck your wife . 
  the secular turkish opposition is toothless and has no idea what it is doing . 
  literally ; they legit do n't have a general strategy at all . 
  it is dominated by old men with flaccid dicks who are trying to appear as an every man 's party . 
  trying to keep identity politics out , actively working against partisanship , and bending over backwards to try and appeal to the general islamist folk instead of trying to intimidate them . 
  just today a picture of the party 's chairman holding a banner that says `` god commands justice '' was posted . 
  more and more , chp is trying to appear as a moderate islamist party , due to its jaw-droppingly retarded assumption that they can gain the love of akp voters by ... acting like a watered down akp . 
  this retirement home of a leadership must go . 
  i sincerely hope that re\u0130s jails these poor idiots and we are left with more competent people . 
  [ and here you were thinking the wrinkles were there because she was old . 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c2ih2biwgaapkam.jpg ), 
  roads of istanbul are n't great either trust me . 
  turkey . 
  it is almost as if low-iq people are migrating to france . 
  [ dacian ancestors weeping in distance ], 
  this is a thread about the casualties of an attack by an organisation that has been a problem to the turkish nation since decades . 
  how is it not of national significance ? 
  we are n't posting a woman who died due to a random shootout . 
  turkey is a member of coe as well . 
  this is a thread about the civilian casualty of a terror attack that took place in turkey , and it clearly fits this sub 's criteria , but you are removing it because it does n't fit your agenda . 
  why ? 
  are the things that happen in the asian part of russia irrelevant ? 
  entire cyprus and armenia are irrelevant then . 
   a national topic . 
  terror attacks are n't national ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  turkey is in europe right ? 
  this is why it is included in the map to the right ? 
  or does this not count because the event did n't take place in europe ? 
  you said that it was because it was off-topic . 
  do you know what is n't in europe ? 
  armenia and cyprus . 
  so we do n't accept anything that happens on those places now ? 
  how is it off-topic ? 
  is it off-topic to post the news of the victims of the attack in manchester ? 
  it is a terror attack . 
   local crime news with no international or political significance will be removed . 
  how does this not have an international or political significance ? 
  do they ? 
  sometimes it reaches all the way to black sea , sometimes it reaches the mediterranean . 
  why not ? 
  if kurds form the majority somewhere , kck immediately thinks that it is a part of the kurdistan . 
  can you tell me what does n't make sense about what i said ? 
  proof for what exactly ? 
   while many chp voters are social democrats who think that kurds must be represented , many are also nationalistic to an extent most westerners are not capable of understanding . 
  the personality cult surrounding kamal atat\u00fcrk is still , nearly a century after his death , immense , and everything he has ever said is accepted as the gospel by a good percentage of the turkish population . 
  ottoman empire 's strength used to come from its diversity , but towards its death this strength turned to a huge weakness ; ethnic and religious minorities of the empire were supported by foreign powers to rebel and secede before and during the immediate aftermath of world war i , taking a huge part in the empire 's eventual collapse . 
  this was something very truamatizing to kamal and his crew , and without a doubt contributed to some extent to their efforts to `` turkify '' the minorities of the country . 
  to prevent this from happening again , the founding fathers of the turkish republic made a huge emphasis on how all ethnic , religious , or cultural secessions were inherently wrong . 
  a talk of secular turks seceding or at least getting autonomy is starting to be heard here , and yet not finding much popular support , not because typical upper-middle class secularists love getting ruled by villagers from around yozgat , but because the very notion of a part of the country seceding is unthinkable to them . 
  they find it treasonous . 
  and even sinful ; think of it as a religious matter . 
  a lot of turks on the internet , who hate erdo\u011fan 's guts , get accused of being secret erdo\u011fan supporters because foreigners seem to believe that it is a characteristic of islamist conservatives to oppose any minority attempts at secession , whereas it is a characteristic of kamalists . 
  because of this reason many anti-akp turks will continue viewing the idea of a kurdish independence movement as something inherently wrong . 
  also : * turkey wants to play the ottoman . 
  * water sources . 
  * there are a lot of kurds in western turkey who may declare those places a part of the kurdistan as well in the future . 
  the propaganda precedes erdo\u011fan , and actually improved under him . 
  the kurds in syria are in open revolt against the syrian government right now , the ones in iraq have their own autonomous region who will have an independence referandum soon , and the ones in iran ca n't cause many problems because iran is iran . 
  stop being stupid please . 
  clearly the superhero was named after the province . 
  there were multiple failed coup attempts . 
  anyone who thinks that iran is a threat to their way of life should check [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/95spo ) out first . 
  i mean , they are , but nothing compared to the threat that is saudi arabia or qatar . 
  oh no , not the yemeni jews !, 
  what will we ever do if those 50 guys die ?!, 
  i mean i was not supportive of the saudi-led coalition since they killed 10,000 civilians , caused half a million yemeni children to suffer from acute malnutrition with their naval blockade , and seem to be causing a cholera epidemic right now but if their opponents want to harm 50 of g-d 's chosen i guess that it 's it . 
  it is downright ridiculous to compare hezbollah to the terrorist groups that plague the levant . 
  hamas does not really get supported much by iran anymore , since they decided to side with the syrian rebels who are warring against iran right now . 
  we are not americans . 
  besides , more americans and europeans overall have died due to saudi-backed ideologies . 
  most importantly it is pretty stupid to get offended at iran for supplying anti-american militants in iraq with arms , while the americans were supportive of saddam when he was fighting iran . 
  the gulf states have absolutely nothing iran ca n't offer . 
  in fact if you let iran they will probably fuck up that place and make everyone there their vassal states anyway . 
  the only middle eastern country that has something iran ca n't offer is turkey , and that thing are the straits . 
  but turkey is an entirely different problem . 
  again , we are not americans . 
  why should american control over the gulf mean anything to us ? 
  because you have no alternatives to them . 
  except iran . 
  iran 's nuclear problem can be dealt with by agreeing to lift the sanctions in exchange for them to limit their nuclear program . 
  and that article seems to have missed the fact that saudi arabia , despite their huge military spending , is an absolutely pathetic military force . 
  they spent the last two years getting their shit slapped by a bunch of inbred farmers high on grass and armed with sandals . 
  iran is a bigger threat to you if you are israeli . 
  we are not israelis , we are europeans or middle easterners . 
  iran-backed militant groups offer close to zero threats to us . 
  just look at [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/95spo ) . 
  there is absolutely no reason for you to not prefer iran over the gulf . 
  no reasons for me to not , either ; shia islamism can not spread here because our shias are mostly irreligious or according to some of them not even muslim . 
  only the americans have a reason to , and that is to protect israel . 
   suppressed dissent eventually builds up until it 's ready to explode at any given opportunity . 
   the potential for this chaos was there to begin with . 
  that 's what i am saying . 
  nobody thinks that the west are entirely to blame , but they share some of the blame for giving the islamists opportunities to overthrow their dictators . 
  weird .
