  france is overall quite lenient with first offenders in most cases . 
  yes . 
  and at the same time , my company is unable to hire the computer engineers we need because there are none available ... 
  shortages in some industries , too much demand in others . 
  this is a national issue , handled by the constituent countries . 
  portugal and the netherlands have their permissive laws on it , other countries are more strict . 
  until this becomes an issue that the eu can legislate upon , the eu will not do anything . 
  also , the epp is the main party in parliament , and is mainly conservative , so i doubt that even if the eu could legislate on that , it would make things easier . 
  i wish i could find a source , but i recall the ceo of soci\u00e9t\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9rale saying on the radio that if greece defaulted , they would lose at most 10 % of the revenue of one quarter . 
  hence my opinion . 
  right , i corrected . 
  thanks . 
  as a quick reminder , net gain loss to/from the eu budget ( per capita , ~ ~ per year ~ ~ over 5 years , in euro ) : netherlands , -1467 $ sweden , -1202 $ germany , -1045 $ uk , -937 $ france , -805 $ italy , -778 $ finland , -701 $ spain , +49 $ romania , +1159 $ poland , +1705 $ estonia , +2384 $ ( [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#state_by_state_analysis ) ) nothing unreasonable imo . 
  originally , the french wanted to avoid the private sector taking a hit in the greek sovereign debt crisis . 
  my understanding was that it was to avoid the banks refusing to lend to other southern countries as it would only worsen the european sovereign debt crisis . 
  when those banks `` voluntarily '' took a hit at the insistence of the germans , things did indeed get worse . 
  sarkozy is trying to prevent it happening again . 
  i do n't think it 's french exceptionalism as the french banks were n't hit very much in the greek default . 
  it 's more a `` preparing for the future '' kind of policy . 
  effectively , this summit has laid the groundwork for future help . 
  basically , there were three main obstacles to massive help : * the slow pace of the diplomatic process . 
  the british demanding to be in discussions while not intervening , as well as blocking further integration was one part of that . 
  * german demanding massive fiscal reform before intervening * the absence of political will and leadership over the player with the possibility to help : the ecb . 
  problem 1 was `` resolved '' in that the next discussions will not include the uk , therefore make it more likely for the fiscal union to be able to move forward . 
  in effect , separating those that want more integration from those that do n't makes future integration much easier . 
  problem 2 was resolved by the treaty in itself : now that serious rules are in place to ensure this problem wo n't happen again , germany will be much more willing to help out . 
  problem 3 was sidestepped by inventing the [ ems ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_stability_mechanism ) and political leaders going `` wink wink nudge nudge '' towards the imf and the ecb . 
  this is why , unlike other summits , everybody is at least fairly happy with the results . 
  cameron and the uk win , germany wins , and other eu members win . 
   and for more than 20 years , some of us have been saying that the reason a monetary union wo n't work is that you ca n't do it without a political union -- and that a political union is not democratically possible . 
  this really negates the * other * monetary unions that work without a political union ... cfa franc , east caribbean dollar , cfp franc , south african rand ... then , there is the assumption that the euro caused the crisis or even made it worse . 
  i really do n't see how . 
  let 's take the example of greece . 
  bad fiscal practices were there before and after the euro . 
  if greece not been in the euro , greece would still have been borrowing from foreign banks as greece does n't have the banks that large european countries do . 
  it can be assumed the result of the crisis would have been a sharp fall of the drachma . 
  now the greek government would face even higher debt while gdp in euro would kept falling ... 
  i 'm rather of the opinion that the euro protected greece from an even worse fate ... 
  these are the conclusions of the summit upon which the new treaty will be based . 
  such a tax is n't mentionned anywhere . 
  iirc , smaller coins cost more to produce than their face value ( i.e. 
  a 1 cent coin costs 2-3 cents to make ) . 
  so anti-counterfeiting measures are just a waste of energy . 
  source ? 
   for better and for worse , the uk has made the financial services industry the core of much of what we do as a nation . 
  that justification i really do n't get . 
  surely , the uk is less dependent on its financial sector than luxembourg ? 
  and even if it is that dependent , is it the general british opinion that it should be an unregulated , virtually untaxed industry ? 
  like any industry ( nuclear or chemicals for example ) , it should be regulated according to the damage it can wreak when things go wrong . 
  in france , originally , it was about preventing a fourth war with germany . 
  now , people see it as a way to have a western counterweight to the omnipotence of the usa and the rise of china . 
  i might be mistaken , but foreign policy is about everything but military force , no ? 
  the libyan intervention was when diplomacy failed . 
  on most foreign policy other than military action , european nations are almost always in agreement : advancement of human rights , helping nations transition towards democracy , foreign aid when and where it is needed , greater effort towards the environment , two state solution in the israel/palestine conflict . 
  i do n't see us disagreeing over the most important points . 
  i wish the article would give examples of the statements blocked by the uk . 
  the us lost their aaa from this agency in august : http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/08/06/us-usa-debt-downgrade-idustre7746vf20110806, 
  i hope to god this will be dropped . 
  translation : merkel : i say we both shoot at it with our squirt guns and see the result . 
  merkel : one at a time . 
  my personal opinion : the eu has issues , but i support it wholeheartedly because it has succeeded in its original goals . 
  it has succeeded so well in fact , that we europeans tend to take these achivements for granted . 
  the eu , in its earliest form ( ecsc ) , was created to prevent a fourth war between france and germany . 
  in this , it has been a complete success . 
  the eu had a goal of moving human rights forward . 
  currently , europe is the only continent without the death penalty ( including russia and turkey ) . 
  an other goal was free movements of people . 
  it is now possible to go from portugal to latvia crossing a dozen of borders without ever stopping for border control . 
  so , while i agree with the issues you stated , especially 1 & 3 , i still support the eu . 
  the eu is actually very protective of national and even regional identities : 23 official languages , and every decision has to be translated in all languages ; a charter for regional languages ; a number of grants to regions directly ( the level below state ) for development . 
  more importantly perhaps , the eu has no culture with which to absorb national cultures . 
  finally , the eu motto : `` united in diversity '' ( edit : spelling ), 
  i personally do n't like sarkozy on the national stage , but on the eu stage , i feel he 's doing more than merkel . 
  it feels like germany does n't want to do what is needed , whereas sarkozy is pushing towards doing it . 
  i expect more initiative from the german chancellor than what we are currently seeing . 
  this impression being shared by a lot of people in france , it feels like sarkozy is securing his reelection , which i really want to avoid . 
   i fear that our political masters would not like that one bit . 
  an interesting opinion . 
  i was always of the impression that anything pan-european was impossible because eurosceptic countries would block it for fear of giving the impression of losing national sovereignty . 
  i disagree with your statement regarding the will of the people towards lisbon ( the spanish voted for it ) . 
  but even if your are right and i 'm wrong , my feeling is that the democratic thing to do would have been a pan-european referendum rather than de-facto veto rights to a few countries . 
  i still do n't see an issue with limiting the number of meps . 
  the guy in my city council represents my interest in the city with small issues , the guy in the `` conseil g\u00e9n\u00e9ral '' represents my interests at the d\u00e9partement level with slightly bigger issues and representing more people , the guy in the `` conseil r\u00e9gional '' has bigger issues and represents more people , my mp at the national level representing even more people , and the mep even more . 
  it 's not perfect , but it is a good workaround the fact that the more people there are , the harder it is to reach a decision . 
  i feel this gives me more power over the issues that affect less people , and less power over the issues that affect more people . 
  but hell , if there was a way to get 5 000 people to reach constructive political decisions , i 'd be all for more meps . 
  meh , downvotes are a fact of life , i do n't dwell on it . 
  true . 
  but this also means that when the treaties are changed by the democratically elected governments to include the possibility of legislation being approved by the eu parliament despite the will of a minority of countries , it is just as democratic , no ? 
  yes , my example is the worst extreme . 
  but yours seams similar : just because 52 % of my countrymen voted against the constitution , the will of the german , the spanish , the italian etc. 
  is discarded . 
  i do n't believe that is democracy . 
  more people being represented by more or less people does not determine the level of democracy ( 5000 mp in china - no way is that more democratic than the 790 in india ) . 
  what matters is that they are elected by the people . 
  that the eu is imposing on the governments of greece and italy is a democracy issue . 
  but on this , i believe that the peoples of these countries are not opposed to these changes . 
  but more importantly , if they are seen to be imposed , they are imposed by countries and not the eu parliament or commission . 
  is that not the definition of democracy ? 
  like pierre desproges said : `` democracy is the worst kind of tyranny , because it is the tyranny of the majority over the minority '',
