  would you have any trade in a currency if its value was dependant on the whims of a dictatorial communist party ? 
  the usd does n't have that issue , the process is ( fairly ) open , and no government controls it . 
  you know , i do n't see the yuan overtaking the dollar as the main exchange currency in the long term . 
  the trust issues with the chinese central bank and the chinese government in general are just too big for it to become a valid trading currency in anything but china trade . 
  nitpicking : while the eu court of justice is the eu highest court , it treats the european court for human rights as a de facto higher court . 
  and yet right now it 's 52 % against leaving the eu . 
  now , now , we were having a bonding moment bashing the us . 
  let 's not start talking about our shit and start arguing again . 
  tangential question . 
  if the scots get independence , what does it mean for the union jack ? 
  will saint andrew 's cross be removed ? 
  i wish i knew how they manage to get this . 
  did they take a map from november 1990 ( only possibility as there is no independent slovenia but germany is united ) and just randomly place names ? 
  `` comes out '' ? 
  that 's common knowledge ... also , could that article have any less content ? 
  this is a very normal part of writing any treaty . 
  true . 
  i indeed assumed , perhaps wrongly , that entry into the eu implied ( enventual ) entry into schengen and erasmus . 
  and that remaining out of the eu would mean entry into these programs would be harder . 
  i may indeed be mistaken . 
  my country having been in the eu since before i was born , i ca n't really say how it would be without it . 
  here are a few benefits i have seen though . 
  * i 'm french , but a part of my family is italian . 
  before italy implemented the schengen treaty , crossing the border would be something of a hassle . 
  we were once prevented from going into italy because my brother , an infant then , had not been added to my parent 's passports . 
  today , we just go there , no one is ever at the border post . 
  * being in the eu help tremendously for studying abroad . 
  at my university third of my class spent at least 1 year abroad . 
  and this help is not just for going to eu countries . 
  friends of mine , on eu programs , went to american universities , internships in japan , and i myself studied for a year in china . 
  * regarding human rights , the european court of justice and the european court for human rights have been a godsend imo . 
  france had very shoddy rights for the defense in criminal investigations , which the echr condemned as going against the european declaration for human rights ( this may already apply to croatia as it is a member of the council of europe ) . 
  * regarding the economy , i feel the eu and the euro have helped , as my country makes a lot of money on tourism , and the loss of borders and the common currency have made it easier for tourists to come . 
  given the attractiveness of croatia to tourists , it would certainly help . 
  * if you want to travel outside of the eu : if the country you go to does n't have a croatian embassy or consulate , if croatia joins the eu you could go to the embassy of any eu country and receive the same help you would get from your embassy : financial help , judicial assistance etc. 
  * finally , the biggest benefit imo , is that if i ever want to live and work in an other eu country , i can just find a job and go there . 
  i love living abroad , but the hassle of getting visas in china was unbearable . 
  my biggest gripe is that the very slow political process of the eu is quite annoying , especially when decisions need to be made fast ( edit : spelling ), 
  often called the last dictatorship in europe , yes . 
  please avoid url shorteners . 
  to me , it seems likely your submission is a scam site when i see shortener domains . 
  i 'm all for salaries high enough to prevent corruption , but that 's just ridiculous . 
  however , in the same time , prices for more expensive stuff actually went down . 
  for example , cars are on average 15 % cheaper in france than before the euro . 
  strange , since the death penalty is very much legal in india . 
  it really depends on how the war is declared , and the reasons for it . 
  if it is like iraq , not even the uk would go along this time . 
  if it 's like lybia ( and that is now highliy unlikely : given china and russia 's current stance , it would be automatically vetoed in the un security council ) , the rest of europe would probably support it . 
  i do n't get it . 
  how is having finns writing laws that apply to me more of an infringement on my liberty that bretons , corsicans , or parisians ? 
  i guess i have a hard time thinking of eu nationals as actually `` foreign '' . 
  anyway , my sense of liberty is plenty satisfied by [ article 5 of the european convention on human rights ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_5_of_the_european_convention_on_human_rights ) , enforced by the ecthr . 
   you would n't want a politician from another region making choices for your country i completely disagree . 
  everytime a foreign judge from the european court of human rights goes against laws of my own country i cheer . 
  every time foreign meps go against archaic or just plain stupid french laws , i cheer . 
  i want the smartest people writing the laws , and if they are french , great . 
  but if they are german , slovenian , czech or maltese , i 'd rather have them write the laws than less competent countrymen . 
  never have i encountered a law established by the eu that felt uniquely suited for some peoples and not the other peoples of europe . 
  in theory , i guess it could happen , but it just does n't . 
  this article makes it seem as if it 's a new thing . 
  it actually has been the case for quite some time . 
  g20 country , billion dollar economy in purchasing power parity with a 9 % growth rate , huge secular muslim country ... turkey is n't easy to diss . 
  like it or not , they are a regional power with a growing worldwide influence . 
  this is debatable . 
  while the current government is not responsible for what happened , it is considered under european law that a country is responsible for the deeds of its previous governments . 
  under chirac , it was ruled that vichy france was guilty of collaboration . 
  chirac publicly apologised in the name of france , and the current government paid symbolic damages to holocaust victim ngos . 
  a difference in the case of the romans is that in no way is current italy the successor state to the roman empire , the country in its current form dating back only to the 18 hundreds . 
  while yo could argue that current italians descend from the roman , the question is not about people , it 's about states . 
  investors wo n't lend money to someone who has restructured their debt for fear of losing their investment . 
  how do you avoid that ? 
  this is a really useless law , that is doing nothing for the slowly improving relations between armenia and turkey . 
  it 's a feel good law that will do harm to two countries while not making anything better for anybody . 
  france also is commited to cuts , with two large spending cuts already in effect . 
  i 'll give you the political risk . 
  but currency control is not a real safeguard : the us also had complete currency control before it lost its triple a. 
  but anyway , even if the uk is more at risk , noyer 's argument was in effect a reductio ad absurdum : `` if you 're going to downgrade france , you might as well downgrade the uk '' . 
  precisely . 
  nobody would gain anything from a uk credit downgrade . 
  i disagree , but regardless : to put luxembourg in the same bag as us is a symptom of the ineptness of the rating agencies , which is what the whole statement was about . 
  think about it . 
  italy now has a harder time financing itself than egypt ... 
  dude ... quiet ... 
  well according to the european treaties , the governor of the french central bank ( or any member of the emu ) ca n't receive instructions from the government ( or anybody else for that matter ) . 
  i 'm not sure getting fired is possible . 
  the way i read noyer 's ( banque de france president ) comments was like this : ratings agencies do n't know what they 're doing . 
  then he gave an example . 
  it was n't a political attack . 
  maybe the example was ill chosen , but it was n't an attack on the uk , he was pointing out the fallacies of the rating agencies . 
  perhaps a better example would have been luxembourg . 
  that country is under negative pespective , while it has little debt , a gdp growth of 4 % , 4.8 % unemployment , and no deficit . 
  at the same time the uk does n't have the negative perspective even though it is financially in much more trouble . 
  again , nobody in france wants the uk ( or anybody else among our trading partners ) to be downgraded , it 's just a strange thing to be under this threat when the french government is n't in worse shape financially than the british government . 
  a question for the people who write the laws , not the people who apply them . 
  in this case , the money was returned , with interest . 
  wait , who are the borg in this analogy ? 
  the rating agencies ? 
  or the british because thay have a queen ? 
  first offence , unlikely to do so it again , charges dropped by the main plaintiff ... 
  the sentence does n't seem unreasonably low given the overall status of the case .
