  as much as i dislike sarkozy , i 'm having trouble believing this . 
  in france , any candidate that gets more than 5 % of the votes has his campaign paid for by the state , within a limit of 10.5 million euros . 
  it is more than highly unlikely that an amount five times as high could be undetected by the electoral commission . 
  first round , any number of candidates can be voted for . 
  the only rules to be a candidate are : be a french citizen , be 25 years old or older , and have 500 endorsements by mayors or other local elected officials . 
  in the first round , any candidate with more than 50 % of the votes wins ( this has never happened ) . 
  if no candidate reaches 50 % , there is a run-off election with only the two front runners . 
  so , after today , 8 of the 10 candidates have been eliminated , and voters will choose between fran\u00e7ois hollande and nicolas sarkozy . 
  i truly hope this does n't go through ... 
  is n't it sort of awesome than just one century ago we were on the brink of world war one , and now the naming of sausages is a top priority issue ? 
  it 's always a surprise for me that our byzantine bureaucracy is n't a national specificity . 
  ok , it was clearly no exageration . 
  for my ( admitedly very old ) car , i pay less than 300 $ / year . 
  most people get by with less than 100 $ / months . 
  wow , just wow ... 
  out of curiosity , how much does it cost ? 
  interesting , i did not know that . 
  in france , it 's basically ignored . 
  iirc , it 's only mentionned in passing in history class . 
  gens du voyage is slightly different : not all gens du voyage are roma ( the majority actually is n't roma ) , and not all roma are gens du voyage . 
  i have read these opinions , and i disagree . 
  i 'm not comparing what is happening today to what happened in germany . 
  what i am saying , is that europe did try to atone for what was done to the jews , but never/hardly ever did for the roma . 
  this type of discrimination is conducive to antisocial behavior . 
  imo , it 's the most revelatory example of a general attitude of discrimination throughout europe towards the roma . 
  the most blatant racism i saw was directed towards them . 
  one of my coworkers will go on and on about how she hates them . 
  during a 5 day trip to bulgaria , i heard more racist remarks against the roma than in my whole life in france against any group . 
  and yet , they should be protected . 
  hate speech against the roma is arguably as bad as hate speech against the jews . 
  my personal opinion : if they were given the same chances and the same stability as i have , they would be as respectful of the laws as i am . 
  there may be a higher criminality rate in the roma community , but i 'm pretty certain it 's no higher than that of any similarly poor group . 
  an interesting fact is how the [ genocide of the roma ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porajmos ) receives little to no attention . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure negationism of it is n't reprimanded . 
  why ? 
  or it could turn romania into norway . 
  no you see , if somebody is born in france , it means that person is inherently trustworthy , even if abroad . 
  it 's people born on the other side of the imaginary lines that are the problem . 
  you really ca n't trust people working in the banking sector . 
  nothing prevents them legally from single adoption . 
  however , the demand for adoption in france being as high as it is , there is realistically no hope for single people to adopt : social services will consider it a better choice to put the child in a two parent home - and there is no lack of those seeking to adopt . 
  depending on your relationship with the deceased ( spouse , sibling , parent ) , inheritance tax rate is increased . 
  up to 60 % if you have no `` legal '' relationship with him . 
  so in the case of a pacs if you die , and you give your partner your apartment in the will , he will have to pay 60 % of the market value of the apartment to be able to own it . 
  i might be mistaken on this . 
  perhaps the pacs makes it easier on the inheritance rate . 
  our civil union : [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacte_civil_de_solidarit%c3%a9] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacte_civil_de_solidarit%c3%a9 ) main differences with marriage : * open to same sex couples * no access to adoption * much easier to break : `` divorce '' by simply sending a letter to a judge * in case one dies ( and has no child ) , the heir is not the partner , but the parents, 
  we have civil unions , created by the last left wing government in 1998 . 
  but marriage , that will have to wait until the next left wing government . 
  fascinating talk . 
  thanks for the link . 
  there are different aspects to `` right-wing '' . 
  it can mean pro-business , tough on immigration , aiming for lower taxes , conservative on gay rights , for pension reform etc. 
  in france , both right-wing and left wing agree on the social security net . 
  no one on the political spectrum aims to reduce it , and in fact sarkozy 's `` high commissionner for active solidarity against poverty '' expanded it , in order to give the working poor a more comfortable income . 
  however , while this issue is not in contention between the left wing and the right wing , on many other issues , sarkozy is very much right wing * he wants to limit immigration , both legal and illegal * he will not legalize gay marriage * he wants to raise the retirement age * he wants to lower taxes on businesses * he wants to lower taxes on the very rich ( more than 1 million euros in assets ) on every single one of these issue , his position is the `` right wing '' position and goes against the left wing 's agenda . 
  france is described as a socialist country because of its social security net , free higher education and ( almost ) free healthcare . 
  even a right wing president wo n't reform these policies . 
  ianal ... from my ( limited ) understanding , this is legally binding as of 2004 . 
  that is to say , the law as it was written then had this meaning , it has just been enforced . 
  national governments will have to respect the decision , otherwise any trial that goes the wrong way can go all the way back up to the ecj and get the same respons as this one . 
  i do n't know about national filtering lists : this ( sadly ) is n't about websites , just about copyright infringement on existing websites . 
  from the ruling : on those grounds , the court ( third chamber ) hereby rules : directives : -- 2000/31/ec of the european parliament and of the council of 8 june 2000 on certain legal aspects of information society services , in particular electronic commerce , in the internal market ( directive on electronic commerce ) ; -- 2001/29/ec of the european parliament and of the council of 22 may 2001 on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the information society ; and -- 2004/48/ec of the european parliament and of the council of 29 april 2004 on the enforcement of intellectual property rights , read together and construed in the light of the requirements stemming from the protection of the applicable fundamental rights , must be interpreted as ** precluding a national court from issuing an injunction against a hosting service provider which requires it to install a system for filtering ** : -- information which is stored on its servers by its service users ; -- which applies indiscriminately to all of those users ; -- as a preventative measure ; -- exclusively at its expense ; and -- for an unlimited period , which is capable of identifying electronic files containing musical , cinematographic or audio-visual work in respect of which the applicant for the injunction claims to hold intellectual property rights , with a view to preventing those works from being made available to the public in breach of copyright ------- booyah !, 
  but the greek government would levy taxes in drachma , so the risk of not getting repaid increases when the drachma get devaluated regardless of the currency of the loan . 
  no way a euro exit is a possibility . 
  the greek continually need money from international lenders to avoid complete bankruptcy , germany , france and the imf foremost . 
  if they go back to the drachma , the fear of a devaluation will be too great , and no one will risk lending money to them . 
  actually there is a system for that , if you are an eu citizen : - vote for other people in the eu parliament - vote for other people on your country 's government . 
  and bam !, 
  once the people who appoint them ( eu council ) and who confirm them ( eu parliament ) are gone , the eu commission changes . 
  warmer in london than paris ... 2012 sure is weird so far . 
  i do n't think it is going to change anytime soon . 
  basically , in france , conservatives are against and those leaning left are for it . 
  like for many issues , the conservatives are in the majority . 
  if you ask me , the main reason for those who are against it is racism : afraid of a muslim country joining the eu , afraid of a culture clash with a middle-eastern country . 
  i find those ideas uninformed , but that 's just me . 
  my belief is that for the opinion to change , the public would have to be better informed as to turkey 's culture and history ( secularism , voting rights for women 19 years before france ... ) . 
  if sarkozy wins the next election ( as i expect him to ) , that just wo n't happen . 
  if and when their relations with cyprus and greece are normalized and the rest of the eu acquis is respected , they should be able to join . 
  if they still want to . 
  drug policy is not in the eu 's power . 
  that 's his dong, 
  that 's pretty effective . 
  why do n't we see those on tv ? 
  the question that needs to be debated , is whether it is up to politicians to handle history . 
  it is especially troubling that a country would give itself the right to make laws about the history of two others countries . 
  an other rather big issue is the fact that this law is blatantly unconstitutionnal . 
  the only reason it has been voted is because of a big push by armenian associations . 
  this law will be knocked down by the constitutionnal council , and the mps that voted on it know it ; all this affair is just blatant political pandering to whichever community is largest in the mp 's constituency . 
  finally , turkey and armenia are slowly rebuilding relations . 
  every time a country ( usually france ... ) does something like that , that delicate situation gets more strenuous . 
  i do n't doubt the veracity of the historical reports of the genocide . 
  but , like with japan 's attitude towards its history in world war ii , we have to accept that difference and hope they will move towards recognition . 
  every time a foreign power tries to tell another country about its own history , things get complicated . 
  so , there can be a balanced debate on the issue . 
  not confronting the truth with a lie , but on the necessity and use of such actions . 
  it 's about trust . 
  this is partly why the swiss franc has such a disproportionate use despite the very small economic power of switzerland . 
  the issue is , at no point can you be sure that the yuan will still be allowed in foreign trade . 
  remember that until very recently , its use was forbidden outside of the prc .
