post it to facebok , with the caption : `` brussel 's plans for our passports . '', 
  the ensuing reactions should be ... interesting . 
  even more efficient , a single character with 2 orientations . 
  we 'll invade first to protect the french speakers from the horrors of not speaking french . 
  i meant napoleon . 
  like all colonies , they kept the legal system . 
  the whole of europe . 
  was n't long but was sure fun while it lasted . 
  england is a close second . 
  russia does n't look welcoming ... 
  nope . 
  it 's a reference to the delusions of grandeur we often have . 
  for example , de gaulle getting out of nato in part because he wanted an equal footing with the us . 
  it 's a win win really . 
  cameron betters his position in the uk , pro-eu countries get to reduce the democratic deficit and move onwards with integration . 
  first president of the ecb , now this . 
  how is italy getting all the top jobs recently ? 
  seems like a way to show what a not-berlusconi prime minister can achieve . 
  awesome . 
  nothing more fun than watching extremists get rejected by other extremists . 
  thanks . 
  corrected . 
  the treaties state that the president of the eu commission is appointed by the european council ( the council of all the european head of states/government ) , and accepted or rejected by the eu parliament . 
  this year , the parliament made a bold move and decided to make this parliamentary election more similar to national elections : the basically said that the leader of the winning party should be the head of the commission , like in germany or the uk . 
  by doing this they hope to reduce the `` democratic deficit '' : the head of the eu commission instead of being appointed by the eu council ( the less democratic institution ) , it would be elected by the people as the leader of the winning party . 
  this is a big deal : it makes the eu more democratic , and more like a supranational entity . 
  in effect , the head of the government of the eu would be elected instead of appointed ; he/she would have the backing of the eu parliament in many ways which would give hime the political klout to go against the eu council if needed . 
  as the commission and the council are often seen as the less democratic institutions , this would hopefully balance things out more . 
  before the election , every european party ( a european party is an `` alliance '' of various national parties with similar political views ) chose a spitzenkandidat , a candidate for the presidency of the eu commission . 
  jean-claude juncker was the candidate for the epp . 
  the epp ( center-right , pro-europe ) got the most meps ( ~ ~ 275 ~ ~ 221 out of 751 ) . 
  juncker is a very pro-eu politician , was luxembourg pm for a number of years as well as president of the euro group . 
  since then the discussion has been on whether or not juncker should be president of the eu commission . 
  even though the parliament said they would only accept the winning spitzenkandidat , some members of the eu council do not want the president of the commission to be chosen by the people but rather want to continue the old way of a simple ratification by the parliament . 
  notably , uk pm david cameron has been a staunch opponent of juncker 's nomination . 
  right now it seems juncker has the support of european center-right leaders ( merkel , notably ) and center-left leaders who are in favor of the increased democracy in the process ( hollande , renzi ) . 
  this seems to mean that juncker will become eu commission president , but there is a lot of political maneuvering by his opponents to avoid this . 
  ortolan , but that 's a whole small bird ( i think , never had any ), 
  uhm , it is in china ... not in france, 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : ? 
  american ( standard ) 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  singaporean our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : ? 
  english 2 . 
  dutch 3 . 
  swedish way off on the native language , but i did learn english when i was a child . 
  maybe we should try and implement sexual profiling as a police technique ? 
  his voice is still respected , especially on the left , but he does n't hold much political clout . 
  he is more of a center left pundit than a politician imo . 
  english . 
  english is the barbarian latin dialect . 
  i think hollande would n't block it openly , after being the only head of state to support the idea that the winning party leader should become president of the commission . 
  if that is the case , as blocking minority will be very hard to come by . 
  disagree . 
  juncker is a european heavyweight unlike barroso . 
  he could be the best commission president since delors . 
  i would have preferred schulz , but juncker is n't a bad choice . 
  the only way juncker does n't make it now is if cameron conjures up a blocking minority . 
  not easy , with merkel and hollande both backing juncker . 
  i keep hearing that businesses in the uk are pro-eu . 
  the conservatives are supposed to be pro-business . 
  is n't there room for an other conservative party in the uk , except a pro-eu one ? 
  or is the two-party system pretty much closed up at this point ? 
  fascinating snapshot of eu politics , btw . 
  it highlights everything i wanted to know about how things are in the ep after the elections . 
  something that consolidated is just not found in the mainstream press . 
  a few thoughts : 5 largest single country-party delegations : * german cdu ( center right ) , 34 * italian pd ( center left ) , 31 * german spd ( center left ) , 27 * british ukip ( eurosceptics ) , 24 * french fn ( eurosceptics ) , 24 the uk is the only country without a delegation in the main group . 
  i get that cameron 's conservatives are not pro-eu like the rest of the epp , but getting out of the epp was the single largest blow dealt to british influence in the european parliament . 
  no single group manages to have all the 28 countries represented , but any coalition with two of the three largest groups would . 
  the netherlands potentially has delegates in all 3 eurosceptic groupes : ecr , efd , eaf . 
  why ? 
  are there so many different flavors of the anti-eu sentiment in the netherlands ? 
  group eaf is n't viable as 7 countries are needed . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  really ? 
  did n't know that . 
  then what 's with the plot point is so many tv series where the foreigner has to marry an american to stay is the country ? 
  i do think it 's unreasonable , and the fact the us and canada are equally unreasonable does n't change my mind . 
  curbing legal immigration from 200000 to 10000 , most skilled immigrants would n't make the cut , i believe . 
  my point is however , that it 's unreasonable , even on paper , to remove this right of a family to live together . 
  china does n't give me an automatic visa even though i 'm married to a chinese national . 
  i do n't want my country to go to communist china 's level . 
   a ban on automatic immigration rights to join a spouse or family member residing legally in france . 
  my wife is chinese , has a masters degree from one of the top 10 european business schools . 
  if marine le pen was in power , we may not be able to live in the same country . 
  that not even close to reasonable . 
  and just a few of the more retarded ones :  the creation of a trilateral alliance between france , germany and russia . 
   establish primacy of national laws over european laws . 
   overturn laws allowing gay marriage and adoption, 
  former president vge keeps pushing for it . 
  i have to agree with him on this . 
  juncker is widely rumored as not wanting the commission presidency , but the council presidency . 
  maybe he is being non-committal so as to move more easily to a different post ? 
  honestly , regardless of the other factors ( history , economy , language ) , my opinion is that peoples that want to be independent should be independent . 
  the real issue is determining whether a majority want to be independent - and that the minority 's rights wo n't be trampled . 
  in kosovo as in crimea , i view the process as the will of the population . 
  i just trust kosovo more to not trample the rights of its serbian minority . 
  in crimea , i think tatars and ethnic ukrainians are in danger just by remaining there . 
  yep . 
  but it does n't necessarily make you unable to get elected after you come out of jail .
