  there is an other sentence known as ineligibility ( `` in\u00e9ligibilit\u00e9 '' ) , that can be handed down on such offenses . 
  i just did n't know ... 
  comic wise , i only know the franco-belgian , japanese and american ones . 
  just goes to show , europeans have great taste . 
  i should be shocked at the homophobia , but i 'm just stoked to find an asterix reference in a non francophone country . 
  that 's a really interesting point of view . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  while i lived in southern china , i crossed the china-hong kong and [ china-macau ] ( http://www.currybet.net/images/articles/macau/border_queue.jpg ) borders many times . 
  often an hour wait , two forms to fill out , border control on both sides . 
  such security * within * a single country was a sharp contrast to the numerous european borders i 've crossed , barely noticing . 
  the schengen agreement is truly a remarkable thing . 
  that does n't really narrow it down ... 
  why it so low in luxembourg ? 
  edit : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_luxembourg `` due to religious reasons , many doctors in luxembourg generally do not perform abortions . '', 
  why are luxembourgish doctors so much more religious than in the surrounding countries ? 
  the scale of paris is n't like any other city in france . 
  while lyon and marseille 's transport systems are nowhere near the size of that of paris , i 've felt living in lyon before paris , that the lyon system is easier and much more efficient at getting you from point a to point b. 
  there are investments in this area in every french city that i know of : more tram lines in grenoble , second metro line in rennes , etc. 
  so , while only paris is getting the big budget , it seriously makes sense given the need it has for it . 
  question : who makes the most money from the roaming charges , the provider in the home country or the one in the foreign country ? 
  i 'm more of an interventionist with regards to foreign policy . 
  i we can help the civilians in the midst of a civil war , we should . 
  i would support this action , with or without the us and uk . 
  most people i know would probably have a more legalist approach : go only if sanctionned by the un . 
  hollande just announced that the british withdrawal did n't change things for france 's implication : http://www.france24.com/en/20130830-france-hollande-syria-usa-uk-vote-francois, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_sexual_orientation#france i remembered slightly lower ; this article 's source says 4.1 % of men , 2.6 % of women had at least an experience in their lifetime . 
  i 'd guess the real number is slightly lower . 
  slightly more than 1.5 % of the population is gay , so all it means is that they marry slightly less than heterosexual couples . 
  it 's interesting how well that mirrors the situation of black people in the us : ( somewhat ) forced migration , lower income , higher incarceration rate , probably a lot of racism as well . 
  france : almost as good as the worst scandinavian country . 
  but we 're ahead of the uk , and that 's what 's important . 
  more seriously though , we owe all of this to xavier niel , who ` se been in a contest to the lowest prices with his competitors for the last ten years . 
  oldest democracy in the world . 
  france still has a fairly large conservative fringe ( think le pen getting to the second round of the presidential elections in 2002 ) . 
  source ? 
   france more open for business than us and germany , what ? 
  nothing to see here ... 
  i 'll be sure to post his answer . 
  i 've written a few times to the elys\u00e9e , they always answer , even if it takes a few weeks/months of bureaucracy to get a reply ... 
  not saying i agree with the attitude , but if the eu parliament were to move permanently to brussels , the president of france would face considerable backlash from france 's fourth largest city . 
  as is often the case in a democracy , the vehement minority wins over the apathetic majority . 
  for what it 's worth , i will write to hollande to say i support a move to brussels , and ask him what he intends to do about it . 
  hotel owners in strasbourg probably like it ... 
  the first three strikes law was a government effort , and is currently being repealed , quietly but efficiently . 
  the hollande government is simply removing all funding from the agency that is to enforce it . 
  i expect it to be completely toothless in the next few months . 
  the net neutrality deal , however , is a big issue . 
  as it comes from a private company , it will fall to either the culture ministry , the communications ministry ( industry ? 
  ) , the presidency or the eu to curtail it . 
  i hope it will be fast . 
  in another article , he had stated that after a while he had `` gotten used to it '' . 
  friends encouraged him to go to the abb\u00e9 pierre foundation , which revealed the situation . 
  as for the price , there is no way in hell you could find any legal lodging so cheap in paris . 
  for 9m2 , 500 to 600 is market price . 
  you 'd have to go to fairly far to find anything in this price range around paris . 
  the same people were protesting before the introduction of civil unions . 
  now that they are legal , it 's a non issue . 
  i expect it will be the same for gey marriage . 
  i just recognize the reality that the scariest thing to the british is the french . 
  it does produce french people . 
  they most likely would have to apply . 
  but since they already apply all of the eu law , the process could be very quick . 
  they were tourists though . 
  wait there are european games ? 
  since when ? 
  apparently starts day after tomorrow in baku . 
  i had no earthly idea this was a thing . 
  http://www.baku2015.com go team , i guess . 
  i thought we were special :-(, 
  france used to allow any eu citizen to claim `` rmi '' . 
  the rmi ( revenu minimum d'insertion or minimum integration income ) is the basic income you get if you ca n't get unemployment benefits . 
  a few years ago , they changed the rule to require three years residency . 
  that did n't require any change to the treaties , and seems to be the simplest solution to the problem . 
  note that benefits that require to work first ( unemployment , maternity leave ) are still given regardless of length of residency . 
  it 's picking up actually . 
  i read growth was higher in the first trimester than the uk or germany . 
  0.7 % if i remember correctly . 
  the longest : anticonstitutionnellement meaning anticonstitutionally the shortest : \u00e0 , a , y , l' are tied, 
  i like rockets . 
  not that simple though : in a proportional system with two large parties , the third party becomes kingmaker and wields a disproportionate amount of power . 
  no idea which system is better , but none are perfect . 
  the name of the copilot has been disclosed : https://twitter.com/davidhbrown/status/581064797288050688, 
  prime commissioner maybe ? 
  i know what you mean , but the result would be exactly what you said : the would n't be allowed to leave the house . 
  slovakia is slovensko in slovak , which really adds to the confusion . 
  these people can then move and get jobs in the countries with the more efficient industries . 
  these countries have presumably a better job market . 
  but what does ja rule think about this ? 
  not so much head of state as `` person in charge '' . 
  depending on the country it can be the head of government ( uk , germany ) or the head of state ( france , romania ) . 
  nah , it 's true . 
  nobody should be learning french , everybody should be speaking french . 
  / s , in case french humor does n't translate . 
  i should think it 's perfectly obvious . 
  we really streamlined the whole process over just a few years . 
  the top 25 % . 
  it 's not a requirement , but it is helpful . 
  he would need a two thirds majority from assembly + senate , iirc . 
  i had a check . 
  here is the list of eu countries with `` flawed democracy '' ( none are lower ) , and a quick explanation as to why .
