  if the non-aligned nordics want to base the defence on eu alone , it might mean being left hanging high and dry . 
  interesting : this article is published by the finnish state broadcaster , but the news has not been released in finnish , only in english . 
  probably because the broadcast referred by the article will be live only later today . 
  video has gone private . 
  what was in it ? 
  indeed . 
  it 's a purely ideological choice on eu 's part if they want to forcibly couple freedom of immigration with the single market . 
  sadly , we in the eu really have no say in the matter through referenda , and the matter is only decided by the ideological zeal of our political representatives . 
  this . 
  it 's up to eu how will they respond . 
  if eu wants to package `` freedom of movement '' and `` access to single market '' in one , it 's an * ideological * choice on eu 's part . 
  i guess most eu citizens would be just as eager as the swiss to separate the two : they only use freedom of movement when traveling on holidays or on short business trips , while the ill effects of increased immigration always stir emotions at home . 
  they do n't need the freedom of immigration , only a freedom to visit other eu countries sporadically . 
  i think across eu , most would already abolish total freedom of immigration without touching the single market . 
  the difference is , that the swiss voters have the voice and means to say it aloud . 
  rest of europe is bound by our political leaders ' ideological beliefs , and we just have no say . 
  rather surprised to see that the pod drives on the * right * . 
  while i understand the point of this trivia is to embarrass an euroskeptic reporter , i find the general sentiment this demonstrates problematic . 
  what should the reporter/proprietor have done instead ? 
  not raise the benefits that he was entitled to ? 
  would n't that be just plain stupid ? 
  we do n't say that the pensioners and the unemployed should not criticize the government , even if they are receiving benefits from the government . 
  the case with eu should n't be that different . 
   the pusher trilogy seen it and loved it . 
  also reminiscent of the film trainspotting , another recommendable european ( british ) film . 
   it works too hard to paint the berkut as nonpolitical normal men ` just following orders ' . 
  from the article :  `` berkut is a whole different story . 
  they are the main fighting force here . 
  they shoot at the crowd . 
  * they genuinely hate people on the other side of the barricades . 
  * arkady babchenko 's livejournal offers an interesting theory , suggesting that berkut fighters could arbitrarily replace individual ammunition in their rifles to shoot to kill . 
  at first i thought it was just another delusion , you know , like one of those conspiracy theories . 
  but now i think it 's quite possible . 
  there is plenty of scumbag on both sides and it 's scary . '', 
  sure you are not confusing his coverage on the national guard with berkut ? 
   the `` scam city '' documentary by national geographic showing pickpockets and other scammers in amsterdam is confirmed fake . 
  could you elaborate on this one ? 
  i remember they were accused of faking the scenes in prague , but coming from holland this sounds way more credible . 
  did i understand right , but do n't they also give you a * credit card * without interest ? 
  in savings interest , the bank pays you , but in credit card interest , you pay the bank . 
  unlike estonia . 
  this . 
  i have visited riga many times by traveling from tallinn by bike along the via baltica . 
  riga is definitely one of the must-see cities of northern europe , and alongside vilnus the two best city destinations in the baltics . 
  but recommend going by summer rather than by winter . 
  that 's [ kaliningrad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad ) , aka . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg , a russian exclave in the baltics . 
  because lithuania is already in the eu ? 
  edit : they are not yet in the euro , but they have been in the eu since 2004 . 
  i can only * hope * switzerland will never join eu . 
  no matter what , it 's important that there remains some neutral territory . 
  if eu goes sour ( think what is happening in us with the federal government grabbing ever more power and having a piss on the people 's fundamental rights ) , at least there would remain one bastion of freedom on the continent . 
  neutrality has so far worked very well for the swiss . 
  or , the fact that this is obviously hand drawn . 
  ai n't nobody got time for it these days , all infographics are made with ( or the aid of ) a computer . 
  sadly enough , in the event of a national ruin , it is always the most vulnerable who suffer the hardest . 
  i think there are two answers to that question . 
  if you think purely statistics-wise , it 's schumacher . 
  he has an absolutely unparalleled record in f1 racing : at least most championships , most wins , most poles and most fastest laps , just to name a few of the records he holds . 
  his career was also extensive , being the second-longest f1 career of any driver . 
  senna , on the other hand , was also legendary . 
  he was probably the fastest ever , absolutely dominating the series until his tragic death . 
  there is a shroud of legend and epic surrounding his career and life , and the extremely tragic end thereof . 
  he was a very warm and well-liked human , while schumacher was at times maybe characterised in less favourable terms during his career . 
  maybe this is why [ senna won ] ( http://f1greatestdrivers.autosport.com/?driver=1 ) the `` f1 's greatest driver 's '' vote organised by autosport , the f1 world 's most referenced publication . 
  but schumacher was of course the second . 
  i guess we can all agree on the top two , and that these are indeed the two drivers who should be right there . 
  whether senna or schumacher is greater depends on personal opinion , and whether you give more value to legend or statistics . 
  \u0160otimaa etymology is simply \u0161oti = scottish and maa = land . 
  lovely , you still call georgia `` gruusia '' !, 
  we used to too , until they gained independence and someone thought it was more `` western '' to call them georgians . 
  i 've heard it too , and it 's indeed five letters longer by the added - k\u00f6h\u00e4n . 
  that variation is apparently also cited by the guinness book of world records , though it is just as impossible to use in a sentence . 
  well , it 's just as unruly to decipher and comprehend as it sounds , i really had to spell hard to even phrase it that way in english . 
  of course , the word would be very impractical to use in real a sentence . 
  so i just hope the word 's semi-indecipherabilitiness due to its high incomprensibilitivizingnessity is evident . 
  not proper cases though , since you can not apply them to arbitrary words . 
  and hund -  hundis ? ), 
  a grammatical case system that allows for almost endless variations of any basic word . 
  the longest known single non-combound word being ep\u00e4j\u00e4rjestelm\u00e4llistytt\u00e4m\u00e4tt\u00f6myydell\u00e4ns\u00e4k\u00e4\u00e4n , which is based on the word `` j\u00e4rjestelm\u00e4llinen '' ( systematic ) and ultimately `` j\u00e4rki '' ( sense ) , and means something like `` not even by the means of his lack of ability to cause things to become unsystematic '' . 
  that is called the [ diminutive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diminutive ) case , and is a feature you share with at least spanish , italian and russian . 
   i realise the loopholes that allow large companies to pay little tax in ireland need to be closed urgently what this chart shows , if anything , is that it 's no use closing loopholes in one country . 
  it will only cause the companies to move office elsewhere . 
  the big players always have the resources to transfer their profits to the country of least taxation , making sure that the small business owners everywhere must fight a rigged game against them . 
  so . . why does estonia have such a high tax rate ? 
  many people are packing up and moving their companies from finland to estonia , supposedly for tax reasons . 
  in the face of this seems quite pointless . 
  it 's definitely not unheard of here either . 
  for example , the finnish government has already wasted 500 million euros and over ten years to developing an electronic prescription and patient information system for the health care sector , and the system is still not even ready . 
  compare to estonia , where they developed an equivalent system [ in one year with only 11 million euros ] ( http://www.taloussanomat.fi/ulkomaat/2012/08/14/laakarilehti-viro-teki-vuodessa-sen-mihin-suomessa-on-hukattu-jo-10-vuotta/201235617/12 ) . 
  what is this your danes ' perversion with java ? 
  we had a perfectly good standard browser components based web banking system replaced by one made in denmark and based on java after danske bank bought our second-largest bank in 2008 . 
  five years of continuous struggling with never-ending java problems and incompatibilities , the bank finally gave up , and for the benefit of everyone developed a standard browser components based replacement for their java web bank -- just like the one the java system was supposed to replace . 
  i have seen this whole documentary series and it is pretty dramatic . 
  they were very adamant in the show that everything filmed undercover was absolutely authentic , which was part of why it was such a thrilling piece of journalism . 
  given this , i find these allegations very serious , and would be very interested in seeing the show 's producers take on this . 
  i am at least initially inclined to believe the producers version , as i remember very vividly that in the prague episode , it was shown clearly that the prague police visited one of the `` clip joints '' , where tourists were being ripped off by hired goons , and they did nothing to stop the operation -- apparently because they had been paid off by the owners . 
  given that the czech republic does not have a very good track record with corruption , i would n't be surprised if the show stepped on some big toes with their expos\u00e9 , and those big toes are now seeking revenge through fabricated accounts . 
  another one disparaging some things : `` hyv\u00e4 vain verkonpainoksi '' meaning `` only good as a weight for a fishnet '' , meaning something so useless that its only good use is as a bottom weight for a fishnet . 
  same as modern english use of `` brick '' for a ( computing ) device that has been rendered unusable .
