a flag that big seems like it would be quite expensive , spain to miss budget deficit targets yet again ? 
  i have read some more about them , they do appear to be very racist , with some of the most important people being extremists . 
  i still would n't classify them in the same leagues as extremist terrorist groups like isis though , but they are certainly provocative ultra-nationalists that want to agitate situations in to violence . 
  i hope they get investigated thoroughly and banned if deemed extremist by the police though , they will gather and verify much more information than you or i can . 
  so we should keep our borders how they were in 1648 ? 
  bullshit , what claim does spain have on catalonia ? 
  should catalonia be made independent even if they do not vote for it ? 
  they can make their own choice , if they choose to stay then they stay . 
  and as i said before , we need to respect the laws and boundaries as they are now , unless changed by democratic vote . 
  you ca n't go back and look at the past then kick people off of lands that once were n't theirs . 
  that would fuck the world up more than you can even imagine . 
  how can you even determine who owned the land first ? 
  humans just wandered randomly and found places to stay , should we all be shipped back to africa because that is where we came from originally ? 
  which extremist group ? 
  this `` britain first '' group seems overly patriotic and possibly pretty racist but they are no isis or hamas , they do n't appear to encourage the killing of political opponents or advocate genocide . 
  i definitely think that particular guy was an extremist , he killed someone . 
  but is the group he joined up to extremist ? 
  eh , probably not . 
  1704 vs 2014 , not even faintly a fair example . 
  also it was actually given to us anyway , so eh . 
  the british pensioners in spain are usually still british citizens , if they get spanish citizenship then i 'm sure they would be able to vote in whichever referendum they wanted . 
  that 's democracy folks , give people voting rights and they gain control of that place , and yes that applies to gibraltar too , if the majority of them agree on something happening then that thing usually happens . 
  a lot of you just seem to dislike the uk if i 'm being honest , get over yourselves . 
  i can think of a few german leaders i dislike from ww2 as well . 
  i do n't think a majority of the people in the eu want the eu to turn in to a big country . 
  we took it over in 1704 , the world was a different place back then and what is done is done . 
  the fact of the matter is that the people who now live there do not want to be ruled by spain , no matter how butthurt spain gets over it . 
  you really want to go back in history and throw shit at each other for things our nations did in the past ? 
  or you want to look at the world as it stands now and defend the rights of the people who are living where they are right now ? 
  spain is the one trying to always lay some sort of claim on a population that has voted heavily against joining them . 
  but yeh , i guess it 's our fault ... 
  never going to agree here , glad that few leading nations follow german foreign policy though . 
  maybe we will eventually meet in the middle and come to some sort of agreement , we will have to see what comes up in the future . 
  nice to have this chat with you anyway , goodnight . 
  for their economy sure , but i do n't think any country should join the eu just for increased economic success any more . 
  it has become far more than that and they should look at whether they agree totally with the values , laws , and ever increasing integration before joining . 
  if a country agrees with that then they would likely join anyway , even if their economy only gets a tiny bump from joining . 
  you can never know for sure how things would be if it had n't happened , but it was happening and we just pushed it a little bit further and hoped that more countries would turn out democratic and secular . 
  libya is a mess but i am pretty sure gaddafi would have tried to kill many more if he was n't stopped . 
  in the worst case scenario it might have even turned in to another syria . 
  so even though authoritarian dictators throughout history have been by far more damaging than relatively disorganised terrorist groups , it 's okay because the damage from the dictators is usually confined to a smaller area ? 
  well firstly i have to assume that they have given back the parts of ukraine the invaded otherwise no deal should ever go ahead . 
  but assuming they have given back those lands , then if their economic success , social attitudes , levels of corruption , levels of violent crime , and wealth equality closely match our own , and they stop seeing nato as an enemy and more as a friend , and if they have a healthy democracy and have worked with the eu on numerous occasions to achieve positive results for all , then i would say that we should have a vote on it . 
  just typing that out gave me a chuckle though , it 's fantasy . 
  i would like to see russia tick half of those boxes in my lifetime , but i doubt they will . 
  the european nations should stand firm with what the us is currently doing , you fail to realise how serious this matter is . 
  boko haram was actually considered the worlds worst terrorist group in 2015 , having the most deaths attributed to it , 6,644 in 2015 compared to isis having 6,073 in 2015 . 
  boko haram has killed over 20,000 in total and displaced 2.3 million people from their homes ( some of which have added to the migration crisis in europe ) . 
  the only reason they are n't as threatening to us at the moment is because they choose not to be , that could change very quickly considering the damage they do . 
  and besides , they are wreaking havoc in nigeria , considering your eagerness to blame the west for terrorist groups , should n't we do what they say and stop funding education in africa ? 
  we could save all these people right ? 
  or maybe the terrorist actually just want complete control of the country and realise the west is what prevents them from controlling it so they choose to demonise us and turn local populations against us ? 
  honestly you 're being daft with preferring dictators with vast resources , have a look at the invasion of kuwait and the iran-iraq war . 
  saddam killed at least 250,000 iraqis in various genocides and purges . 
  and we should care about everyone , not purely just the threat to ourselves , besides , we will just end up with another migration crisis the next time some dictator decides to go insane and kill everyone . 
  if you would ignore genocides just because they are n't bothering your nation then that is just plain wrong . 
  germany has fared rather well , america has taken up the slack . 
  if they had never bothered then i really doubt the world would be as peaceful as it is currently . 
  have they made loads of mistakes and killed plenty of innocent people along the way ? 
  sure , but if they had never been the superpower then another country would have been . 
  how would the world have been if the ussr was by far the most powerful country on earth after ww2 ? 
  full aggression does n't need to happen for this to be a failure for all countries that respect international law . 
  china has taken this action out because it knows it can , be prepared to see more and more of that as nations like germany do n't step up to the table and throw their influence around , soft power and hard power . 
  isis is one of the biggest terrorist organisations at the moment , but there are plenty of others , we ca n't say that the west makes them all . 
  boko haram for instance is literally just against `` western teachings and education '' . 
  should that mean that we should take all of our soft power out of africa ? 
  and stop funding secular , inclusive , and peaceful institutions in africa ? 
  not at all , what a daft idea . 
  and besides all of that , which would you prefer , violent dictators in control of armies with advanced weapons and the ability to coordinate hundreds of thousands or troops and thousands of armed vehicles , or a bunch of idiots running around with ak47s and just making use of equipment left behind from the places they conquer ? 
  japan is still lacking behind what they should fulfil , but that is in no way an excuse for germany . 
  it actually makes the case for other nations like germany to step up , japanese values align up with ours quite often , we need to help them and encourage them to fill the gap they are leaving . 
  i think it will happen eventually anyway , nothing gets countries going like seeing their power decline quickly . 
  were n't marseilles fans also starting shit ? 
  time to disqualify france from their own tournament ? 
  you say that china only annoys its neighbours , it is currently trying to take control of a very important piece of the sea through very dubious methods . 
  that is pissing off anyone who disagrees with countries being able to take over the sea by claiming and building islands , and building military and civilian infrastructure on those islands . 
  iraq was obviously a mess , we know that . 
  i do n't think that situation was ever going to end up going well though , look at some of the things saddam did and you can see how high the tensions in iraq must have been . 
  even if he had eventually died from ill health or old age , shit was going to get messy . 
  our soft power is most effective when our hard power is enough to deter other countries from using their hard power . 
  nice words and cultural exchange do n't stop invasions . 
  germany really just needs to start taking over the world responsibilities that befit a country that has the 4th largest economy in the world . 
  i admit that the use of the military in recent times has been anything but perfect , but how would you describe the syrian conflict ? 
  there has been pretty minimal intervention there by the west , the russians stepped in and made their mark instead . 
  is that better ? 
  the side that opposes both isis and assad has been marginalised and were frequently bombed by the russians . 
  that side was basically our interests in syria as it was our only hope of syria becoming something more than just another dictatorship . 
  i will also admit that the above view of things was pretty far off from being reality , but if we do n't act at all then we can see that it will in fact never become a reality . 
  other countries are becoming emboldened by the lack of clear leadership from the west and they are pursuing their interests in conflicts , sometimes to the detriment of our interests . 
  if we do n't use our militaries , you can be damn sure that china , russia , and others will use theirs . 
  they will sway the tables and promote their values worldwide , values that we are often very opposed to . 
  do the left also oppose an eu military ? 
  i do n't really know what would be the use of having one if they plan to never do anything with it . 
  a lot better than our green party then , at least they seem to entertain the idea . 
  i tried google to get some info on this but the results were quite piss poor . 
  just to give a general idea , what are the other major parties opinions on how to sort syria out ? 
  our major parties seem happy with just doing action from the air and hoping some political solution is worked out . 
  i think we can see how well that is working out , but the problem is a giant mess so who knows if there is a better way . 
  how would they replace assad ? 
  tickle him with a feather until he runs away ?
