europe 's borders are grounded upon ethnic and cultural factors rather than geological factors . 
  so , i guess it would n't be wrong if siberia was included as a part of europe . 
  i mean , nearly all the settlements there were built by russians and most of siberia is slavic . 
  europe 's new eastern border is at the amur . 
  we did it boys . 
  i bet you all 100 gyros that 99 % of euro-federalists are massive romanophiles and wehraboos . 
  and no . 
  i 'd rather be thrown off a roof than celebrate some weird roman holiday , since we wuz romans n shieeet . 
  how do you not know ? 
  all of serbia is ancient illyrian/albanian land ripped from its rightful owners by the soul of tupac , the serbian great wizard . 
  welcome to the club magyar . 
  you 're whole post is a great rhetorical question asking about the validity of an anti-putin theory you have created . 
  its even lacking a question mark . 
   honestly can i not even participate in this sub without downvotes ? 
  what did i say that was objectionable ? 
  less than a few hours after reports of a terrorist attack come in , you are trying to pass it off as a false flag and trying to spread anti-putin conspiracy theories . 
  its frankly pathetic . 
  you are n't the first either . 
  of course its a dutchman who gets high and starts shitposting on reddit . 
  thats what we are . 
  i do n't mind . 
  liberals : the christ-killing commies and freedom-hating fascists are out to get us !, 
  communists : the filthy capitalist pigdogs and genocidal fascists are out to get us !, 
  fascists : the subhuman communist trash and judeo-capitalists are out to get us !, 
  yes larry . 
  an unholy alliance of freedom-haters has taken shape and is out to get you and your portraits of american jesus . 
  did he not call you back or something ? 
  they have n't sinned , but are heavily brainwashed into believing in a radical ideology . 
  i would think throwing them into a loony house would be better . 
  it would be even more of a ukrainian event if there was an old lady standing outside the consulate selling snuff films and potatoes . 
  if they leave , we can make england great again . 
  take back frisia . 
  its rightful english clay anyways . 
  poland had no rightful claim to west prussia , east prussia , or silesia . 
  it was given to poland as compensation for the loss of the lands taken by the soviets in the mr pact . 
  one thousand years ago , most of turkey was greek . 
  that does n't mean greece has any rightful claims to konya or ankara . 
  this is n't facebook . 
   dagestan  ingushetia  ossetia  kadyrov i dont think you know what any of that means lol . 
  kadyrov is the head of chechnya , not any of those republics . 
  i suggest voice of america . 
  if you do n't read their information , you 're a nazi and a filthy russian imperialist . 
  the filthy dutchman, 
  tommy and those losers are nothing but a heap of dumb tits . 
  they are made for each other . 
  and this is why we do n't let you have nukes , turkey . 
  i live in norwich . 
  i can confirm that it is a thing here . 
   difference being that the eu is voluntary and will most likely stay that way , and the common identity is a layer on top of the national identities . 
  we all share something eh ? 
  what the hell would i share with a bloody hungarian or a finn ? 
  i share nothing . 
  maybe with a german or a netherlander . 
  a good half of europe i share nothing with and i do n't care for . 
  if you do n't want another great war in europe , you only have to say so . 
  making up a heap of shite about `` shared this '' and `` common that '' only makes things weirder and feels truly forced . 
  this stuff about it all being voluntary and thats what makes it unalike with the soviet union or yugoslavia . 
  firstly , no its not . 
  most of the time , it was never `` voluntary '' in the direct democracy sense . 
  eu member states joined in the same way most nations joined the soviet union . 
  they were led by a small group of ideologues who took power in their homelands through war or elections . 
  many sided with the invading bolsheviks and overthrew their own governments . 
  seriously , this eu one state wet dream is starting to seem more and more like awful fan-fiction . 
  whats next ? 
  juncker is going to buy a furry suit and become god emperor of 28 nations ? 
  i went to see what subs you post in , since your flair does n't tell me where you are from . 
  i saw this bit of writing ... and um . 
  this is crazy . 
   for a european national identity to form ( in addition to the national identities , not at the expense of them ) is inevitable with continued integration , though . 
  what we wish to do is to make it a civic nationalism ( instead of an ethnic one ) based on common european ideas ( democracy , rationalism , freedom of speech , religion , association , press etc ) , so that anyone who shares these basic ideas can be a part of europe . 
  mate , i do n't want to speak ill of you or anything . 
  i do n't know you enough to start calling you names . 
  though , truthfully speaking , you are a bloody nutter . 
  the world before you is not a freaking civilization-based rts game on a smart phone . 
  its folk like you that make me glad that england has chosen to leave that dreadful union . 
  yeah . 
  georgia is wonderful . 
  moldova is pretty much heaven on earth man !, 
  amazing prisons in georgia !, 
  and in moldova , i hear politicans can take money from banks . 
  just like that !, 
  georgian folk are some of the most friendly and welcoming ethnicities ever . 
  they do n't have a hot blooded , hateful bone in their body . 
  moldovans are totally not workless romanian lingerers squatting in a big basin known as bessarabia , enjoying their african levels of wealth !, 
  whoever those filthy russians sit next to quickly withers away and dies . 
  its awful . 
  good.hopefully his body will become a drill after spinning for so long , and he will make a great hole wherever he is buried . 
  a hole which will swallow all of france and rid our world of this nightmare . 
  sounds a lot like two states that recently broke up . 
  both were federal unions with common ideology and were against ethnic nationalism that did not match national identity . 
  the break up was harmful , with hundreds of thousands dying in wars . 
  but this seems like it will totally work . 
  not cringeworthy at all . 
  `` for my next trick , i will make all of army group centre disappear ! '', 
  east timor and iraq would like a word with you . 
  cambodia as well , but sadly he ca n't go outside his house right now . 
  too much ordnance in his front yard . 
  if we could nuke that big green blob to the west of germany that 'd be great . 
  what do you folks call it ? 
  whatever .
