what does it mean ? 
  maybe greenland needs a friend . 
  hey iceland how 's your financial system holding up ? 
  is n't shaking hands pretty much what this guy is getting paid for in the first place ? 
  over my dead body . 
   and that 's the straw man you built . 
  you ca n't justify not paying for music by saying `` corporations !! '' . 
  that is not how it works . 
  and actually does n't solve the issue germans have with gema . 
  that 's a good point , and indeed i did build a bit of a strawman . 
  but i still do n't agree with you . 
  it should be perfectly legal to listen to your fm radio for free if you work in your shop since you never signed any kind of contract with you fm radio dealer beforehand . 
  and let 's be honest it 's just one of these small everyday things you enjoy to make you 're day more pleasureable . 
  and some institution comes along and somehow feels nobody should be able to get away with enjoying their day that easy !, 
  where is the everyday basic humanity in the systemwankers who come up with shit like this ? 
  you already paid for the radio , turned it on , and what ever get 's broadcasted it 's the broadcaster responsability . 
  excuse me for feeling that the airwaves are a public commodity and should be avaiable to everybody without some institution coming along and saying : * `` wait there is a catch !, 
  '' * that 's just a bit petty do n't you think ? 
  i sure hope it is n't your job to be a mystery guest at gasstations and barbershops just to check if people are playing their fm radio or not and presenting them with a bill because it is the law . 
  we already paid the record companies for buying the cd , we already supported the artist we like by going to their concert , and we already paid for the fm news broadcast with our tax money . 
  and yes , ofcourse fining a person for breaking the law is not the same as exploitation , but please ask yourself this : do you really think rihanna and george micheal or any of these already eshtablished musicians they play on the radio are less likely to starve to death because gema took the time to send people to check on small buisiness owners to enforce this nobel and super duper official government institition . 
  not as long as record company owners still ride around in limosines with big golden chains around their necks . 
  ok , i may not have a water tight argument against enforcing all intelectual property right laws - and i understand you want to keep discource rational and nuanced . 
  but it is time to understand that if we do not start getting a little bit more angry at these souless bureaucrats . 
  we will just end up with tiranny all together . 
  i am all ears for critisism but you will have to elaborate on exactly what you find bullshit about it . 
  what kind of constructive answer do you expect when you ask * `` what kind of made up issue is that supposed to be ? 
  '' * i ca n't really work with that . 
  restaurants , bars and clubs paying for their music is atleast remotely reasonable arguing from a perspective in favor of strict intelectual property rights . 
  it starts getting ridiculious when normal stores , repairs-shops and the likes get fined for playing their fm radio . 
  that is the kind of exploitation of already struggeling small buisiness owners that is killing the european economy and serving nothing but large coorperate interessts . 
  `` gema is currently trying to make german bars and clubs pay a commission on all music they play '' how is that in any way different from how the maffia fucks with buisiness owners ? 
  it 's just free money for people with power . 
  i wish our government would grant him asylum . 
  but i doubt holland has the balls to do that . 
  but atleast there is a european human rights court you can complain to if the existence of zwarte piet hurt your feelings . 
  decentralise europa , spread chaos , sovereign till death . 
  but does your gem\u00fctlichkeit have it 's own subreddit ? 
  man ... no wonder we invented ` gezelligheid ' we have no choice but to get along being packed so close together . 
  oeh , people having too much fun . 
  sounds like we need more regulation from brussels . 
  how about helmets and knee pads with the official eu logo . 
  hm , i was very heavily under the impression that a large part of it was controlled by the gov and i still find it hard to believe it 's 92 % private . 
  well that 's your word against mine , do you have any data or articles where this becomes clear ? 
  fuck the eu . 
  long live europa !, 
  if it was n't for the constant camera suirvellaince i would move over there . 
  no thanks . 
  the great nations already have their own traditions and celebrations . 
  it 's taking off guise . 
  let 's start resisting big capital interrest all over this great continent . 
  what he say ? 
  same goes for amsterdam . 
  we do n't got it , you do n't want it . 
  frysl\u00e2n can be denmark 's little bitch for all i care . 
  expect the exact opposite . 
  that my friend is very untrue, 
  like the weather . 
  cold . 
  and wet ... , 
  it 's far from perfect as long as the same assholes who were always in power remain to have their greesy hands all over shit . 
  it 's still better than over here in holland when everybody is talking about it but hardly anybody is actually doing it . 
  frustrating as hell . 
  ok , now we feel guilty about being a dick about the whole thing . 
  it 's ok bro , we forgive you . 
  and between you and me , we really respect the whole economy based on renewable energy . 
  that 's shit is wild . 
  the future is now . 
  we 'll have to think about it . 
  why do n't you just start with poland and see how it goes from there ? 
  well there was a time we sort of had a thing going on with germany . 
  but to say the least we kind of got the ass end of that deal . 
  * `` no , for the last time people . 
  i did not bring any weed on to the space ship ok ? 
  that 's because eurocrats do not care about differences . 
  or just prey on the weak . 
  i say we reclaim the america 's as the colony that they really are . 
  nobody in their mind can deny the significance of rammstein , kraftwerk and scorpions . 
  ah yes , eco rightwingers . 
  i was was wondering when they would turn up . 
  even golden dawn has an eco department these days . 
  not that i agree with their sentiments but it 's pretty much what happens when over-politically correct lefty social democrats fail to take big steps in preserving nature . 
  just a matter of time till the populist right goes to town with the sentiment . 
  libertas . 
  let 's not go there ... ok ? 
  to say the least ... 
  there is still more than enough conflict and clashing of views and interests in europe to go around . 
  the last worry on my mind is us becoming a circle jerk . 
  do n't they mean hoe ver ? 
  my friend , this is the 21st century and europe has grown a great deal in terms of culture , science , social equallity etc. 
  why on earth should we trade away the peacefull co-existence of progressive and economicly stable ( atleast before the euro lol ) sovereign nations to become some power hungry undemocratic machine to compete with other undemocratic super-nations like the us and china ? 
  a nation 's greatness is not dermented by it 's size , but it 's diplomacy , progress , education healthcare and upholding of human rights . 
  the only way a eu foreign policy would have an added value would be in the case of third world war . 
  empires always crumble under their own weight , it 's the people and the cultures that remain . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i am not following you . 
  why and how ? 
  well then you don \u00b4 t need further intergration of government in to the eu because that would mean important decisions will be made in brussels instead of locally . 
  well atleast you are honest enough to admit how you feel about technocracy . 
  i definitally respect that because atleast to you i can talk too like an adult without having to explain how further integration comprimises democracy .
