  [ this one . 
  ] ( http://www.thisdaylive.com/articles/science-of-gay-marriage/158265/ ), 
  the definition of an illness can not be completely objective . 
  you could also argue that being fat or ugly is a disorder because it 's detrimental to procreation . 
  it 's a fat people thing . 
  holy shit , he 's like [ max human ] ( http://reddit.com/r/humanfanclub ) . 
  but unix is like super secure by design , it 's impossible to design any viruses to attack it !, 
  uncomplicated compared to other distros , but not to osx/windows . 
  be prepared for using shit-tier foss alternatives for common software , spending hours on configuring basic things such as a touchpad , installing software by browsing stack exchange etc. 
  i 'm a software developer and i switched to ubuntu 3 months ago , because windows sucks at everything bash-like . 
  it 's really great to use if you take the time to learn it , but it 's a hassle when you actually need to get things done . 
  i 'd recommend osx if you want to make the switch . 
   which means you likely operate outside the use case of a normal windows user . 
  that 's true , my experience is different from that of a regular user . 
  but it does n't wholly invalidate my critique , as installing software still requires the user to interact with command line tools to some extent , which scares your regular gui-fond user . 
   sure , if you did n't check the certified hardware . 
  my hp elitebook is on the list , but ubuntu still does n't provide the same level of support as windows does . 
  can not disable horizontal two-finger scrolling without disabling scrolling as whole , hibernation does n't work , no built-in support for different power modes etc. 
  not to mention that i had to manually install a wifi driver that actually came with the installation , but was lacking a dependency . 
  we get it , you vape . 
   kiss whoever you want , i do n't give a fuck . 
  good for you , but it does n't change the fact that gay people still face hardships that straight people do n't . 
  gay guy living in tartu here . 
  the lgbt are okay here . 
  estonians are quite reserved , so while some people might voice their disapproval of anything gay-related , you 're probably not going to be harrassed or even less , physically attacked because of it . 
  having a darker skin would put you in more danger than that . 
  tallinn has a few gay clubs , though most of them appear to be russian-dominated ( at least that 's my experience in both x-baar and g-punkt ) . 
  tartu has a monthly lgbt party which is much nicer , mostly youth-oriented and also attracts many people from tallinn . 
  thus , nightlife options are limited , but not non-existant . 
  what 's useful to know though is that while many people are not out in the sense of having a picture of them kissing their so as their fb profile picture , they are not very closeted either . 
  just find yourself a few non-closeted gay friends and it 'll get the snowball rolling from there . 
  that 's not truncation - 3.5 gets rounded to 4 . 
  my hs math teacher messaged me on grindr a few days ago , ama . 
  does it really surprise you that high-ranking officials have above average iq ? 
  since you already promoted the use of promise.try ( which is not es6-compliant ) . . 
  * use promise.method instead of promise.try to wrap methods that throw exceptions . 
  * it 's not a conventional method , but sometimes you do need to break out of a promise - in that case , make a custom exception to throw and use . catch ( ) with return or . catchreturn ( ) . 
  * a promise actually can be converted to a synchronous value with the use of generator methods . 
  * whenever possible , flatten the promise chain - e.g. 
  if you always return a promise from a then-handler , chain the next then-handler to the outer promise , not the one that you return/pass on . 
  * remember that catch/finally links in a promise chain do not terminate the chain nor are pushed down the chain . 
  a finally-handler that is put before a then-handler makes the finally-handler execute first . 
  * remember that when returning a promise from a link/handler , only its resolved value is passed along . 
  this is important when you think you can pass it a context with . bind ( obj ) . 
  * remember that each link in a promise chain creates a new instance . 
  this is important when you wish to push a handler down a chain that is returned from a function and is appended new handlers to outside that function . 
  for example :, 
  function transaction ( ) {, 
  var tx = promise.method ( db.starttransaction ) ( ), 
  . then ( function ( client ) {, 
  this.client = client ;, 
  process.nexttick ( function ( ) {, 
  / / trying to append this to the chain after execqueries ( ) has appended all of its handlers . . 
  tx.finally ( function ( ) {, 
  this.client.autocommit ( ) ;, 
  return tx ;, 
  function execqueries ( ) {, 
  transaction ( ), 
  / / . . but it gets executed here ( and only if the returned promise has not, 
  / / already been solved by the time nexttick adds a new handler ), 
  . then ( function ( ) {, 
  this.client.query ( . . ) ;, 
  oups , you 're right . 
  [ it is in another article that references the posted article , though . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disco#1979.e2.80.9381:_backlash_and_decline ), 
  sorry , not a native speaker . 
  junior software developer at a robotics company , also studying cs full time . 
  if i got paid as much working in academia/doing theoretical research , i 'd quit in a day . 
  the classic rutherford model is still the one that 's taught the most , because it eases the explanation of many other phenomena ( e.g. 
  energy levels , valence electrons , em radiation generation etc. ) . 
  the cloud model is mentioned too , but more througuhly studied together with orbitals , which is more an advanced topic . 
  [ this sub right now ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/vfettfl_x8r6vfquhdyjnxuqjooc8cpnpu4fsa0w2p4.jpg?w=575&amp;s=3c1673748c8cf3a9d29c424186d19664 ), 
  did somebody mention web scale ? 
  the best part ? 
  a lot of them have horrendous documentation , so have fun exploring these libraries in a dynamically typed language that js is . 
  le faith in humanity = lost , amiright ? 
  the opposite of a bear - a young , slim gay guy , usually with little body hair . 
  [ i know gays the best ] ( https://65.media.tumblr.com/4993628fa95ab5e9c4d0f7f3e8fe59af/tumblr_inline_ni8fwdg3zb1qebsjk.gif ), 
  yes , as is hillary / s, 
  you get a tiny adapter for your 3.5 mm headphones with the phone . 
  unless you 're constantly charging your phone while wanting to use the headphones , it changes literally nothing . 
  you ca n't deny that competition was the main driver behind both nations ' space programs . 
  there was n't much to gain from sending a man to the moon other than showing the middle finger to the other and boosting the morale of the population . 
  innumerable ? 
  in what sense ? 
  how can you take the value of a series for granted if the proof of its value relies on the notion of a limit ? 
   since the series is bounded, 
  so we 're back at limits . 
  oh , you too ? 
  this title is the new low . 
   only 8 % of people can correctly guess the number of squares in the picture . 
  are you one of them ? 
   are you part of the minority that can guess the number of squares in this picture ? 
   `` you are just parroting the media narrative . '', 
   proceeds to list trump 's vauge , meaningless campaign promises alongside with infowars-level conspiracy about `` shillary and obongo creating the isis !, 
  seriously , what the fuck is up with these putin-apologists ? 
  sanctions were imposed on russia due to their military invasion of ukraine . 
  people are acting as if russia is a victim of an international conspiracy . 
  check his comment history , he 's dead serious . 
  i 've always found it ironic how anti-globalists claim to be super woke and aware of everything around them , yet they all parrot the bullshit propaganda their alternative news sources provide to them .
