  but that makes the decision unlawful in the eyes of the country being seceded from , which nullifies the argument that every democratic decision should be respected because that 's what the people want . 
  and . . ? 
  the 85 % is a strong majority of the population of the whole country , while the population of narva is n't . 
  if they decided to secede from estonia and it was n't supported by the rest of the country , we 'd have any right not to grant them independence . 
  wishful thinking . 
  independence means nothing when you 're not able to defend it . 
  the constitution of estonia was written not more than 23 years ago and accepted by the majority of people in a referendum . 
  enforcing it is just as lawful as a bunch of people in narva deciding to secede from us . 
  good one , esti art superior !, 
  so . . totalitarian communism ? 
  we 've tried that before - did n't quite work out the way expected . 
  dae think the polish girls with huge tits could 've won the eurovision if it was n't a freakshow but a song contest ??? 
   everybody is a fucking idiot at that age, 
  i disagree . 
  a 15-year old should be aware that he 's responsible for whatever he posts on the internet . 
  i do n't advocate doxxing but i honestly can not bring myself to feel any sympathy for him either . 
  and yet here you are , blindly labelling him/her a feminist . 
  obvious ? 
  by what means ? 
  to me , the obvious here is that the submission 's title and the comments hint to the fact that this subreddit is turning into a collective feminist-hating circlejerk . 
  the latests posts are n't even related to tumblr . 
  let me quote you somebody :, 
   what the hell is up with feminists labeling everyone that disagree 's with them in any way an `` mra '' ? 
  having hard time recognizing your own hypocrisy ? 
  and you do the exact same thing by calling people feminists !, 
  why are you then puzzled over people 's motives for their actions when you yourself behave no differently ? 
  it 's quite clear that i was referencing the posts where you explicitly called me and another poster feminists for disagreeing with you , yet you act as if it surprises you why feminist would do the opposite to alleged mras . 
  what part of this is hard to comprehend for you ? 
  and as for your accusation , then i 'm quite certain that my core beliefs go against the principles of most feminists , as i believe women to be physically weaker and more vulnerable by nature than men . 
  due to this , women are also more likely to be sexually harassed and affected by sexism , which is why i 'm having a problem with people claiming that men have it just as hard ( when talking about walking alone at night , for example ) . 
  perhaps in a public toilet . 
  we have only genderless bathrooms in our school and they all look rather clean . 
  pretty much . 
  op should 've added a trigger warning for those who got all worked up by simply reading the title . 
  this does n't apply to every country . 
  in estonia , msm represent about 1 to 2 percent of all new transmission cases ( 90 % + are drug users and sex workers ) , yet the same rules apply here . 
  it 's a little silly . 
  that rhetoric was actually used by one estonian politician , who went against his party 's stance on same-sex partnerships because they were too russia-like . 
  which is actually impressive , because the only reason he 's been popular so far is because he likes to draw connections between politicians from opposing parties and putin , accusing them of corruption and such - so he really sticked to his views even with a more controversial topic . 
  to be more accurate , then chromosomes solely do n't determine your biological sex . 
  it 's the sry gene ( that typically resides in the y chromosome , but in rare cases might not ) that initiates the development of primary male sex characteristics . 
  that would make sense only if we did n't have a constitution , which currently protects the basic rights of all minorities - in this case , against the voice of the majority . 
  it 's wrong . 
  mathematically , a point is simply a location in space and it has no dimensions . 
  a line , which consists of infinite amount of points , can have a fixed length , but you can not talk about anything `` around '' it because the line physically does n't exist - it 's just a collection of locations . 
  looks like a female version of [ karl ernst von baer ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/karl_ernst_von_baer.jpg ), 
  it already exists as world university . 
  no worries , max will help out . 
  after all , he 's an experienced html programmer . 
   humanityos is a `` totally re-imagined '' mobile operating system . 
  gone is the bottom taskbar with four or five icons . 
  gone is the status bar at the very top of the screen . 
  also gone are the icons . 
  truly innovative . 
  reminds me of year 2006 when i changed my windows xp theme to a custom one , thereby completely re-designing the entire os . 
  that 's a well-known copypasta . 
  in some countries ( e.g. 
  estonia ) , iq/ei tests are ( semi - ) mandatory for most public school students . 
  there 's a sligh difference between believing your parents are conspiring against you to throw you out next month , and secret lizard people and jews flying hologram planes into skyscrapers to establish a dystopian new world order . 
  your resposne was to a comment mocking r/conspiracy , which is literally filled with these speculations . 
  a hydrophobic material is n't afraid of water , it just repels it . 
  same with the word homophobe . 
  i went to the doctor in november last year . 
  just put on a pair of old yeans and re-discovered the number ticket . 
  you can improve your financial situation though . 
  that does n't apply to race and sexuality . 
  i very much doubt she was aware of the effects it would have on green energy , a concept that was very little known at the time . 
  what shows her in the bad light is the fact that to this day , she has n't renounced her views despite evidence indicating that nuclear power is actually very clean and safe . 
  that 's a political problem specific to the us . 
  most other countries have managed to take care of their nuclear waste successfully . 
  literally in the article you cited :, 
   but the strategy has worked in places like sweden and finland , and compared with the american solution of trying to force a dump on a politically weak state , it 's a lot more sensible . 
  [ there are more videos on their yt channel . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/dudesfreerun ) this particular clip was filmed on top of a 150m tv tower in tartu , estonia . 
  have you ever even been in a fucking university ? 
  i 'm a student in the most diverse faculty in uni of tartu and i 've yet to meet a foreign student who 's old enough to have a large family to bring here to leech on our `` generous '' health care system . 
  and do n't even attempt to portray all estonians as racist rednecks , because you know very well how widely the recent verbal attacks on several us soldiers stationed here were condmened . 
  replacements for estonian letters of \u00f5 ( 6 ) , \u00e4 ( 2 ) , \u00f6 ( 8 ) , \u00fc ( y ) . 
  she 's probably using a non-estonian keyboard . 
  exactly . 
  can you really be an introvert if you spend half of your day participating in conversations on the internet ? 
  is n't that 's shyness or social anxiety , not introversion ? 
  an introvert is , by definition , a person concerned more about their own thoughts , feelings and preferences than those of others . 
  if you 're spending your days conversing with strangers on reddit , you 're not really an introvert . 
  indexing , caches , low row count for most tables . . but most probably my shitty method for calculating the average by submitting the same query 10 times in a row . 
  it 's not slow at all in production , actually . 
  the point of these hashtags is n't to broadcast your orientation per se , but to get likes/followers/attention from other gay guys . 
  quite a few of my friends do this too . 
   linux command line params and php function arguments, 
  are you high, 
  this thread is full of people condemning other muslims for not calling out `` their people '' though . 
  what are your thoughts on that ? 
   women being sexually harassed, 
   mass rape, 
  wait , are you actually buying into the feminist idea of every physical contact being rape now ? 
  how the fuck is that relevant here ? 
  what happened in cologne was n't a mass rape . 
  m\u00f6ku was moved to gen-klubi , so i 'm not sure if bermuda is the right name for that location anymore . 
  le cuck may-may xd, 
  especially if you 're down for a post-workout brojob .
