this is pretty common in northern europe too . 
  i was actually doubting whether to post it here or not , because i kind of get where she 's coming from . 
  what i find hypocritical though is that she acknowledges the fact that in this case , gay women have it easier than gay men , and goes on how bad it is for lesbians because they 're being fetishized , yet it 's common for sjws to discredit the oppression of those lower in the `` oppression hierarchy '' ( e.g marriage equality is n't necessary because transsexuals still ca n't legally change their sex ) . 
  it 's womyn * , you oppressing shitlord . 
  this was featured in bbc 's `` planet earth '' series ( [ watch here ] ( http://cosmos-documentaries.blogspot.com/2013/03/planet-earth-full-hd-bbc-series-online.html ) - episode 3 , starts at 28:00 ) . 
  a good friend of mine is half-turkmen , half-estonian . 
  her mother wanted to take the family back to turkmenistan but the borders were closed off before they could make it due to the collapse of the soviet union . 
  you can imagine how lucky she feels for it . 
   technically , white is the absence of all colors and black is the presence of all colors . 
  it 's actually the other way around . 
  i 'm pretty sure france legalized homosexuality already in the 18th century . 
  edit : just change your language to english ( us ) . 
  i 've never got the cultural appropriation thing ; are n't sjws supposed to support the fusion of cultures ? 
  it was mentioned in the article that they refrained from vaccinating their children because of a pseudoscientific study linking vaccines with autism . 
  they 're probably not as much anti-science as they are general conspiratards . 
  it does n't even have to be the government . 
  almost every person has got vaccinated in their lifetime , so a link to vaccines containing harmful toxins and causing mental illnesses can easily perpetuate the idea that vaccines are used to `` poison '' the public . 
  i think ` serf ' is a more correct term for that . 
  they ( serfs ) were officially considered a possession of the serf-owner , but mostly lived on their own and the slavery part consisted of paying taxes and regularly working on the owner 's field . 
  also , serfdom was abolished in livonia ( including r\u00e4pina ) in 1819 , and most estonians were landowners themselves by the end of the 19th century . 
  so it 's not surprising that they were well-off . 
  that goes through the lungs . 
  totally , this is pretty much what every gay guy does , right ? 
  holy shit , this is a real game ? 
  haha . 
  i also like how the whole article is `` full '' of `` quoted words '' . 
  who the fuck even believes the shit posted on 4chan ? 
  do people actually think that this thing happened ? 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  homosexual acts were punished with imprisonment in the soviet union . 
   other than that the soviet union had long history of homosexual friendliness, 
  homosexual acts were illegal in the soviet union for most of the time and even if the laws against it had not been heavily enforced , the situation was far from being friendly towards sexual minorities . 
  the pederasty law is often referenced by homophobes in nowadays estonia as a remainder of how ` good ' the situation used to be before . 
  i did read them . 
   * in 1933 , article 121 was added to the criminal code , for the entire soviet union , that expressly prohibited male homosexuality , with up to five years of hard labor in prison . 
   * whatever the precise reason , homosexuality remained a serious criminal offense until it was repealed in 1993 . 
   * in 1958 the interior ministry issued a secret decree `` on the strengthening of the struggle against sodomy , '' telling police to enforce the law with renewed vigor . 
  from this date about 1,000 men were imprisoned annually in the soviet union for their homosexuality . 
   you are forgetting that right wingers have a tendency to lie and mislead the left . 
  the laws regarding homosexuality are usually brought up as an exception to all the bad concerning the soviet union . 
  it would n't make any sense if right-wingers made up lies about communism that would actually justify some parts of the ideology for them . 
  i think the exact opposite is more widespread - that homosexuals were/are associated with communists . 
  being gay is an opinion ? 
  that 's the purpose of the subreddit , deal with it . 
  / r/politics is the exact opposite :, 
  merkel re-elected the chancellor of germany ? 
  michele bachmann said something stupid ? 
  definitely fits the subreddit . 
  it has happened before that a picture with a fake story/no context is posted here and gets upvoted to the top , so your concerns are reasonable . 
  in this case though , the title is correct ( [ source ] ( http://slideshow.nbcnews.com/slideshow/news/the-week-in-pictures-jan-31-feb-7-50709279/house-of-pain-4/ ) ) . 
  not when you wear underwear . 
  hyperinflation happened 5 years before the great depression started . 
  i do n't know , perhaps you should n't act like a child in the first place and do your own fucking dishes the next time because you 're an adult who 's sharing an apartment with 2 other people ? 
  and others do n't have the right to call them homophobic for that ? 
  marx died about 35 years earlier than that , so he never actually saw communism implemented anywhere ( except for the paris commune , which was short-lived anyway ) . 
   the outer shell can have no more than 2 electrons before you move into deeper shells, 
  it 's 2 only for h * and he * . 
  for every other element , it 's 8 electrons . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  sorry for that . 
  that 's correct . 
  [ diagram ] ( http://www.m2c3.com/c101/chemistry_in_contextx/ch2/simple_electron_configuration/elecfill.gif ) . 
  european union ! = eurozone . 
  it 's a joke , referring to the fact that sweden , despite claiming to be neutral , let nazi germany transport its troops through its territory during wwii . 
  has anyone here considered the fact that . . you know , maybe it 's a joke ? 
  is there a reason your `` friends '' decided to make this particular card look like it 's been on the internet since 1995 ? 
  honest question - why are redditors so obsessed with tesla ? 
  i rarely see posts about any other car company on the front page . 
  homosexuality was outlawed in nearly every african country even before hiv became epidemic . 
  oh boy , if you only knew that people walked on the supermarket floor with their shoes on . . 
  you ca n't go from panel 4 to 5 because they use [ different metrics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxicab_geometry ) . 
  til it 's acceptable to be mad at people for touching a glass door at a supermarket . 
  / r/worldnews hates jews more than muslims , so palestine deserves its independence . 
  chechenia can suck it , though . 
  you made that connection . 
  i was just observing the fact that muslims are usually labeled as human scum whenever possible , but when it comes to isreali-palestine relations , it 's the jews who are to blame . 
  and does it even matter whether it was 60 or 150 years ago ? 
  an occupied territory does n't become yours just because you 've held it for an extended period of time . 
  totally , because istanbul is still completely greek and the inhabitants have been fighting centuries against the invaders for independence . 
  or as the previous poster put it :, 
   stop with the cherry picking and far fetched conclusions please . 
  i 'm not changing anything . 
  op clearly said that the case for chechenia is different because it 's been occupied/ruled by a foreign power longer than palestine , despite the situations being similar . 
  i said it 's not true , and you far-stretched it by including an example that 's not at all similar to the two cases . 
  dae think jb should be hanged for his shitty music but hitler was actually a really nice guy because he hugged a dog once !!, 
  duh , why do n't we just make wars illegal ?? 
  it would be art regardless of whether you viewed it as such or not . 
  true . 
  british are more known for going to other countries , making it their colony and draining it of its resources . 
   they were paid to make a vhs that was only being released in estonia, 
  ahh , good times . 
  it was a long awaited release here . 
  wait , why are people upvoting a fucking troll ? 
  ahh , the old `` circlejerking about a circlejerk '' . 
  it is n't the eu that 's threatened by russian aggression , it 's ukraine . 
  because most of them have lived there for no longer than 60 years . 
  you ca n't just immigrate into a foreign country and demand a part of it to be merged with a neighbouring country . 
  democracy is limited by the constitution , which sets a list of base requirements that have to be fulfilled before anything can be decided on . 
  this includes the preservance of territorial integrity , meaning you can not just separate a piece of land from a country because a bunch of people wish so , especially when the majority of the population has lived there for a relatively short time . 
  if you could move there 50 years ago , you can get the fuck out of there just as easily without having to take the land with you .
