  because apples grow pretty much everywhere in the european part of the former ussr . 
  i 'd open my borders for him, 
  mfw self-claimed edgy 4channers swallow a bait from 4chan, 
  free, 
  who gives a shit about lyrics tho . 
  music being about content and message is a pretty recent invention - prior to 1950s , instrumental was the way to go . 
  sorry , i meant message as in lyrics , not conveyed through melody/drama . 
  with, 
  ssri 's are generally safe and common side effects are not permanent . 
  although very rare , post-ssri sexual dysfunction can fuck up your libido/sensitivity even after stopping the medication . 
  why do you hate the global poor ? 
  t a c o, 
  thanks for the advice . 
  being a guy , it 's hard to imagine how scary it might be for women to walk alone at night . 
  the town is pretty safe though , and such attacks are rare . 
  i cross paths with lone women all the time when i happen to walk at night ( because it 's a student town , and people often go out to drink ) , so her `` paranoia '' seemed a little funny to me . 
  i promise to handle it better next time , 
  i though about it , but it seemed like it could backfire horribly . 
  `` i 'm not going to harm you '' is something a rapist would say too . 
  wtf i love muslims now, 
  side effects can manifest from day one . 
  i felt slightly euphoric the first two days for example , then it waned off before stabilizing . 
  same . 
  started taking three months ago for anxiety , shortly afterward numbness developed into depression . 
  now i suffer from two conditions , yay . 
  what makes you think that ussr wanted to absorb afghanistan ? 
  soviets also invaded half of europe at the end of wwii , but only kaliningrad ended up as part of the union ( in relation to 1941 borders ) . 
  there 's actually a precedent of bulgaria wanting to join the soviet union in 1960s , but ussr declining the offer . 
  they much preferred loyal buffer states at their border , rather than subjecting themselves to the danger of a direct invasion , as had happened in 1941 . 
  so i doubt they wanted afghanistan , a country of little economic value , to become part of the union . 
  not disagreeing with your points , but you have n't provided any evidence for your claim . 
  installation of a friendly government * was * their actual objective , as they had been `` invited '' by the socialist government to repel the coup attempt by anti-government forces . 
  there 's no reason to believe that it would 've evolved to redrawing the border along an us ally ( which pakistan was ) . 
   also , comparing to the invasion of `` half of europe '' at the end of wwii is very faulty . 
  the two situations were not even remotely similar . 
  with millions of red army troops stationed in eastern european countries , and puppet governments being installed in each of them , ussr was definitely in a position to merge at least a few of these states into the union in 1940s . 
  they had much less control in afghanistan . 
   protecting the people from fascism, 
  was that before or after he ganged up with fascists to fuel wwii , which enabled nazis to engage in genocide against jews , slavs , romas , communists etc. 
  wow , this is some shitty alt-right fanfiction . 
  he 's a well-known pedophile around here . 
  people interpreted his comment to mean `` sharing kiddie porn with 17-year olds should n't be frowned upon '' . 
  umm , gradients were pretty popular 15 years ago ( e.g. 
  windows xp ) , flat design is a newer fad ( ~ 2010 ) . 
  on the other hand , this might prove that genetics influences our health a lot . 
  meaning not smoking will not guarantee you will not succumb to cancer at age 60 . 
  we need more salma memes . 
  that 's what python is good at . 
  and python has actual use outside the classroom . 
  a venture capitalist vs a guy with an actual degree in computer science who has hands-on experience with machine learning . 
  so that you could only be able to plug a less safe appliance into a socket that takes it into consideration . 
  for example , it might be behind a smaller fuse . 
  it 's more dangerous in reverse though . 
  aww , reminds me of my operating systems exam . 
  the exam was 1h30m long , slept in and arrived 20 minutes before the end . 
  professor handed me the test , told me with a smirk on his face that i have about 20 minutes to finish it . 
  did my best , passed the class with an a too !, 
  it was probably a lot easier than a chem exam , though . 
  we took an exam in moodle in one course . 
  usually , submitting the file is enough , but for some reason , that exam 's submission form had a two-phase submission enabled ( upload draft -  submit ) . 
  i confidently uploaded the file and left the class . 
  got home , opened my laptop and saw that there was a confirmation button right below my submitted file . 
  freaked the fuck out and sent an email to the professor with a screenshot of the file on my computer with last modified date visible , explaining the situation . 
  fortunately , he could also see all unsubmitted drafts , so everything was ok , 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medici_bank#failure_in_bruges ), 
  but if it ends , can we be frieeends ? 
  this lpt can be generalised : whenever you need to clean , work out , do your homework etc. 
  just start a timer and force yourself to do it for about 2 minutes . 
  you do n't have to continue after that , but quite often you find yourself overcoming whatever irrational beliefs you had that held you back . 
  back in 2015 , i was dating my ex . 
  we both lived in our own apartments , in almost opposite parts of a student town , some 5km apart . 
  since neither of us had a car , our only means of transport was either by bus or by foot . 
  we often only met at weekends , either at his or my place , as we both devoted our time to school during work days . 
  this meant arriving on friday and leaving sometime on sunday night . 
  at that weekend , i stayed over at his . 
  i prepared to leave around 12am , which was already too late to take a bus , so i set take the trail by foot . 
  it must have been a warm spring night , probably more than 50f , because it was enough for me to only wear a leather jacket . 
  i lit a cigarette , and started walking down a 2km street in a residential area , dotted with small parks . 
  the streets were very quiet , as is usual for a sunday night ; yellow light from street lamps was dimly lighting the sidewalks . 
  having walked about 500m , a woman crossed into the sidewalk from an adjacent street , probably 100m further from me . 
  now , i 'd like to think i 'm not intimidating , being only 5 ' 11 '' and wearing `` normal '' clothes . 
  i do have a resting bitch face though ( i 'm a guy ) , which probably makes me look a little intimidating , but i doubt anybody 's able to make any of it in limited visibility . 
  now the woman , on the other hand , was much shorter than me . 
  she was a little chubby , probably about 25 years old . 
  she was also carrying a plastic bag , which made it difficult for her to walk at a fast pace . 
  as our eyes locked for a moment , she started acting weird . 
  she swiftly crossed the street , continuing in the same direction with me , but on the opposite side of the road . 
  her pace was accelerating , the plastic bag in her hand swinging back and forth . 
  about every 20 seconds , she peeked around her shoulder , glancing at me suspiciously . 
  knowing i mean no harm to her , i continued my stroll , thinking of ways to signal her that i 'm harmless . 
  `` what about smiling ? '', 
  i though to myself . 
  in hindsight , i realize it was a bad idea , because the moment she saw me , a man she though was following her , smiling , her face filled with fear . 
  she was now speedwalking , probably being only moments away from starting running . 
  we were now approaching a small intersection . 
  the same street continued forward for about a kilometer , but a little away from downtown . 
  [ to the right was a narrow cobble stone street , which was surrounded by geenery from both sides . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yvpfz0m.jpg ) the street was essentially a tiny valley , and lead straight to downtown area . 
  thus , it was the fastest route for me to take . 
  the lady in front of me probably expected me to continue forward .
