  you 're one of them . 
  pence has been anti-lgbt throughout his career tho . 
  how 's that going to affect the official position of the cabinet ? 
   he supported using tax money on voluntary conversion therapy, 
  how many adult homosexuals are going to apply for a voluntary conversion ? 
  it 's almost always parents forcing it upon their children . 
  i do n't remember hillary threatening anyone with nukes . 
  i do remember donald asking why the us could n't use its nuclear arsenal if it 's already there , though . 
  java has it even worse - if you plug in a premature , top-level return statement for debugging , it throws an `` unreachable statement '' error and fails to compile . 
  his name is brendan jordan . 
  considering that he 's got quite a following on social media , it was a little more than 5 minutes of fame . 
  `` alternative news source '' = `` we get away with publishing absolute garbage without any facts to back them up because we 're *** just asking question *** and we do n't engage in censorship unlike the mainstream media who are , at least to some extent , held responsible for their reporting and therefore can not allow to deny scientific facts and make wild claims about politicians being pedophiles for ordering a fucking pizza '' . 
  so nobody can ever be happy doing something for money ? 
  every pc also used to have 10 different ports for each type of peripheral - would you imagine the outrage if they were all replaced with a single , standard usb port ?!, 
  also , every iphone 7 comes with an adapter - you can still listen to music with wired headphones . 
  because 10 dollars a month is such a huge price to pay for the content and the service you get ? 
  holy fucking cheapskate . 
  can kind of relate . 
  when i was a teaching assistant , we merge-sorted graded papers by hand . 
  yea but what about those emails ? 
  do you actually believe that politifact and infowars are on the same level of ingenuity ? 
  it was not a case of whataboutism . 
  it 's more akin to removing a microphone that you had previously set up in front of the town square to allow people , having previously agreed to * its terms of use * , to use it to speak their mind , because a loud minority decided not to respect the rules and used it to disrupt locals . 
  i did n't say it was n't , i just corrected your example . 
  please check the usernames . 
  no worries . 
  it would be concerning if he had never written any , though it 's not plausible either to cover every piece of software with unit tests . 
  i personally prefer integration tests because it simulates actual processes and is more closely tied to the specification . 
  you forgot cyclones . 
  cloudy weather is a sign of an active cyclone , which usually carries with itself warm , moist air . 
  it 's the fucking smiley in the end , 
  that was my experience with sweet potato cake - delicious !, 
  there 's this weird rule in estonian that whenever a bunch of words add up to a new meaning , they have to be concatenated . 
  that 's why you get these long-ass names in organic chemistry , such as nadp or nikotiinamiidadeniindinukleotiidfosfaat . 
  if you take a peek at european history , there has n't been a longer period of peace in europe in nearly the last 2000 years . 
  two world wars definitely left their mark , but it 's hard to underestimate eu 's role in integrating states ' economies , rendering any war between its members useless . 
  l e c r i n g e, 
  [ untermensch ] ( https://authenticnationalsocialismmemes.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/untermensch.jpg ), 
  not a source , but the background is a stereotypical eastern-european commie apartment + pc setup . 
  tbh it has n't been established whether this is an original image or not . 
  it 's possible it was ` shopped to be used as propaganda , a tactic quite common during stalin 's era . 
  i 'm a little conflicted on this . 
  is it okay for me to punch a black person who tells me white people must be ended ? 
  because the premise for justifying hitting a nazi is their potential to gain power and eventually carry out their threats - the same logic could be applied to any other types of supremacists , no ? 
  yea but what about the emails ? 
  it 's funny because neither nazis nor allies gave two shits about homosexuals and the disabled  ), 
  great sum up !, 
  did the same apply to revolutionary france and its decriminalization of homosexual acts ? 
  l o n g b o y e, 
  `` i ca n't be racist if i have a black servant ! '', 
  saying you ca n't be racist because you have a bbc fetish is even worse than saying you ca n't be racist because you have a black friend . 
  that was my point . 
   black man he 's dating right now, 
  not that it really matters , but i have hard time believing that . 
   category : education, 
  since when are communists isolationist ? 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2016/04/03/20/32ce9d5d00000578-0-image-a-1_1459710632889.jpg ), 
  right ? 
  amy shumer is a prime example of that . 
   i also think flying cars are a bad idea but the reason those `` air jams '' exist is because there are lots of planes and not enough runways . 
  [ and building more runways would n't help . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/induced_demand ), 
  he does n't have a black boyfriend . 
  i doubt he 's even in a relationship . 
  has he tried not being that insecure ? 
  not much worse than baby boomers feeling oppressed for having to share a water fountain with a black person . 
  - these people , probably . 
  she 's joking , you fucking autists . 
  that 's so sad . 
  after the sinking of estonia , all ferries on the baltic have very clear evacuation procedures - go to an upper deck , put on a lifejacket , wait for further instructions . 
  staying put in your cabin makes it much harder to navigate to an outer deck once the ship has tilted too much . 
  hopefully passengers on korean ferries now know to ignore such ill-minded instructions . 
  jesus christ , we 're fucked . 
  `` let 's be honest '' - \\* * goes on to make an unsustantiated claim * \\*, 
  yeah , try writing java on a fucking paper . 
  had to do this in our algorithms & data structures class . 
  are you triggered ? 
  where was i making a joke ? 
  i guess that 's why trump is a laughing stock . 
  i 'm shilling at shariablue now , get your facts straight boi . 
  there are many astronomical/geographical/historical events that can be used to sync calendars from different cultures - sightings of comets , recorded periods of unusually cold/warm weather , known rulers etc. 
  [ chonk ] ( https://youtu.be/hrgkswsd7ac ), 
  would n't say no to a helping hand :p, 
  phobia is not only fear it 's also aversion, 
  ( see : the word hydrophobia ), 
  thicc, 
  sure, 
  maybe he motorboats fat chicks ? 
  if you 've signaled your intention to turn left , others are not allowed to overtake you from the left side . 
  so no , you do n't have to wait for all traffic behind you , only the ones already overtaking you . 
  glad i could help . 
  since traffic laws are very similar in eu countries , here 's an excerpt from the estonian law :, 
   ( 5 ) drivers of trackless vehicles must give way :, 
  3 ) upon turning left or making a u-turn , to the road users driving in the oncoming traffic or to drivers overtaking such road users , unless regulated otherwise by traffic control devices ;, 
   ( 3 ) before overtaking , the driver must make sure that :, 
  2 ) the driver in front of them in the same lane has not given a warning of their intention to turn left ;, 
  perhaps the extra y in `` heyy '' . 
  are you surprised that anti-sjws are looking for ways to be offended ? 
  did they live in a desert in kazakhstan or something ?
