  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_immigration_referendum,_february_2014 the swiss were ready to start negotiations straight away . 
  but when the swiss saw that the eu was willing to put research and education programs on hold they esentially gave up because the economic damage would be too severe . 
  contrast this with the uk . . who said they 'd trigger article 50 straight away . 
  instead their prime minister slinks off with his tail between his legs and his successor decides important things like `` brexit is brexit '' and `` red , white and blue brexit '' while their currency slowly collapses under the uncertainty they created while misinforming and lieing to the public over the advantages and above all the consequences of leaving . 
  in the case of switzerland they tried to push on these issues in a controlled manner . 
  there was a concerted effort . 
  in the case of the u.k. we 're just seeing a load of retards waving their arms and bumping into each other in the semi-dark . 
  this makes so much sense . 
  it 's obvious limburg is our wooden parrot-leg in that case . 
  that 's kind of sad , but considering we 're dealing with general humanity here very believable . 
  my point was more made to illustrate that the rest of europe ca n't continue negotiations unless all members agree . . and therefore austria 's kind of saving face for a lot of countries ' politicians ( like dutch coalition government members ) from having to support accession talks with turkey because it 's been a traditional way they drew minority turkish citizens to their cause when it came to elections . 
  now they can basically say ` hey . . we tried . . oh look over there . . ', 
  borders  boarders are people who board ships . . like in the mediteranean atm . 
  i do n't think he 's that bright . 
   imagine if boris fucking johnson < 3, 
  i 'm sorry to say that from a certain point of view i hope brexit burns the u.k. geert wilders is riding the populism wave and also wants us to leave the eu . 
  that is fucking scary shit for . nl , considering we 're a transport nation , a founding member and economically tied to germany like a bsdm slave . 
  we must not let them know about our coalition for reverse-anschluss . 
  are you saying nederland is not a global power ?!, 
  how dare you . 
  i kind of miss those naive days after the first gulf war when that coalition gave the west the idea that if everybody just got along _ like that _ nothing could ever go wrong again . 
  we could have a party . . last i heard the americans have a good idea on how to do that . 
  thank you for the new [ battle of vienna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna ) , austrians . 
    the battle marked the first time the commonwealth and the holy roman empire had cooperated militarily against the ottomans , and it is often seen as a turning point in history , after which `` the ottoman turks ceased to be a menace to the christian world '' . 
  was n't it boris fucking johnson who said that not a week after their referendum ? 
  ah yes ...  boris fucking johnson has announced that britain will support turkey 's bid to join the eu despite putting warnings about the prospect at the heart of the brexit campaign in the run up to the referendum . 
   during the eu referendum mr fucking johnson warned that the accession of turkey would give millions of migrants the right to live and work in the uk . 
  the claim was one of the most controversial of the referendum campaign and led to accusations by senior remain campaigners that mr fucking johnson had lied . 
   but yesterday , during his first official visit to turkey , mr fucking johnson said that britain will `` help turkey in any way '' now that it is leaving the eu . 
  he also declined to apologise for previously writing a limerick about the `` love that flowers '' between the turkish president and a goat . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/09/27/boris-johnson-says-britain-will-now-help-turkey-join-eu-despite/ edit : i shall refer to boris fucking johnson only as boris fucking johnson from now on . 
  because we 'd still have to deal with the french . 
  buffer state against those weirdo frenchies plz . 
  am i the only one who 's noticed that the girl in the bottom left is ready for the aftermath ? 
   why are the we countries so displeased when the gypsies are coming to them i 've never head a politician say ` we want less gypo 's ' here in . nl . 
  have you ? 
  dutch rednecks = best rednecks . 
  are you being intentionally contrary or are you just an idiot ? 
  do you know the difference between being pedantic and following established jurisprudence ? 
  are you being intentionally dense ? 
  you ca n't imply that all moroccans are criminals . 
  that 's discriminatory , especially when talking about a minority in our country . 
  you can say that there are a lot of moroccans in jail or that a lot of them are criminals . 
  that 's a fact . 
  this is allowed :  willen jullie minder __ criminele __ marokkanen ?!, 
  that 's not a minority . 
  those are criminals . 
  do n't be pedantic . 
  you ca n't just say ` do you want fewer < insert minority  ? 
  fill in any other well known minority and you 'll see the issue . 
  there 's a historical and judicial reason for that and geert knew this . 
  he said what he said for the particular reason of stirring shit up . 
  i 'm actually rather disappointed he did n't get fined , considering that it was blatantly obvious he does n't give a shit about our laws . . but i have come to expect nothing less of a judiciary which allows vehicular homicide perps to get away with community service and where killing someone in cold blood will get you less than 10 years in jail . 
  this one for the [ south of the netherlands ] ( http://www.filmlijstjes.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/new-kids-turbo.jpg ) . 
  well . . being a habsburger [ you should be used to being slow ] ( http://www.habsburger.net/en/chapter/ferdinand-malfunction-house-habsburg ) . 
  he 's a bare-faced liar who has only one interest : boris johnson . 
  he was fired from two newspapers for fabricating quotes and making up stories about the eu . 
  he was fired as shadow arts minister for covering up an affair and broke most if not all of his promises as london mayor . 
  and then he lied his way across the land when brexit came . 
  are you kidding ? 
  he 's always lied . 
  he was sacked from two newspapers for making up quotes and lies about the eu before making his mark as the biggest liar ever to grace politics in the u.k. 
  he was sacked from his job as shadow arts secretary for lieing about an affair he was having . 
  he 's lied his way through his london mayoral candidacy . 
  londoners will remember that during his tenure he promised to get rid of homelessness and instead doubled it . 
  or closing london underground ticket offices when he promised to save their jobs . 
  or rail prices which increased exponentially when he promised to reduce them . 
  he is a liar and a buffoon . 
   from his first job in journalism at the times for making up quotes before walking straight into a job at the daily telegraph , where his talent was recognised and his foibles indulged . 
   this allowed him to peddle stories from his posting to brussels that began as embellishments or exaggerations about the eu , but in the end became simply gross distortions . 
  as a distinguished fellow correspondent from another newspaper , sickened by johnson 's antics , wrote mockingly afterwards : `` boris told such dreadful lies / it made one gasp and stretch one 's eyes . '' https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jul/01/boris-johnson-lies-no-10 edit : downvotes wo n't change the fact that he 's the human equivalent of a lieing sack of shit . 
  it 's just boris johnson , consumate liar and someone who has no power whatsoever despite being a cabinet minister . 
  everything he says is either a lie or wishful thinking that his sith lord may will disavow and roll back tomorrow . 
  the u.k. 's foreign policy looks more like a rowan atkinson comedy every day . 
  you can thank the british for that . 
  the u.s has a higher tolerance for assholes-per-km ^ 2 apparently . 
  things britain has turned a blind eye to this year - sharia courts - chilcott enquiry and report - saudi war crimes in yemen - privacy ( by allowing the job center access to your browsing history ) - fact-based elections did i miss any ? 
  edit : - child abuse enquiry - chinese steel exports flooding the market - prison drug abuse and problems - drug legislation - climate change edit 2 : yewtree was a quiet success ? 
  who knew . 
  he 's from northern ireland . 
  chances are he voted to leave . 
  i 'm starting to think english society is fundamentally incompatible with the rest of europe . 
  i feel especially bad for the scots though ; they 're stuck on the same island as those nutcases . 
  into s&m , are you ? 
  i 've run out . 
  i 've been binging on popcorn since june . 
  it 's really rare to see a dutchman who is as wide as he is tall . . but the amount of buttery popcorn i 've had over the past few months seem to have done the trick . 
  [ it is ] ( http://www.commisceo-global.com/country-guides/canada-guide ) . 
    shake hands with everyone at the meeting upon arrival and departure . 
   maintain eye contact while shaking hands . 
  that 's business as well as general cultural etiquette . 
  if etiquette 's not a core value in canada , what is ? 
  like i said . . a bit of rationality . 
  a ban on the burka during all public ceremonies and public positions as well as in public buildings is a rational policy in my book . 
  we live in a western society where identification in certain positions and areas and also direct communication ( handshakes , eye contact ) are valued . 
  supporting the ignoring of those values will make any party that does so betray the core cultural values we all hold dear and cause resentment amongst the population . 
  the ndp did you a favor there . 
  yeah . . he makes an excellent panelshow host and contestant , but as minister ? 
  what the hell was may thinking ? 
  i remember when i lived in london and boris got elected for the first time . . he could barely hold it together in that job .
