  if anyone can be trusted to know what the fuck is going on it 's the bookies . 
  true . 
  had n't factored that in . 
  without a good stable government in the areas affected , we might as well not do anything . 
  pity the turks are being conniving two-faced bastards by supporting isis and denying kurds an independent nation on one hand and try and play nice with nato on the other . 
  the iraq invasion had nothing to do with fighting terrorism . 
  in fact , isis would n't have existed if abu ghraib was n't used as a center for torture , which is where al-baghdadi met all his co-conspirators and started isis . 
  i personally think that direct military intervention is the only thing that 'll unseat isis now . 
  you can throw as much ordnance from the skies at them as you wish , but in the end without someone on the ground putting isis assholes in holes nothing will happen . 
  so , regardless of if we 'll be thanked or not , we should go in , clean house and then get out again so the kurds , assad and iraq can finish the job . 
  also , if you get rid of isis , home grown terrorists ca n't join it anymore . 
  it 's not really pointless . 
  tsipras thought he could bully and coerce his was into an easy bailout by gambling on the bailout being extended past this week because he said so . 
  now that it has n't happened , greece is unprepared for printing drachmas , so they have no choice but to use old euros . 
   the current government has nothing to do with the previous governments . 
  they are still bound by the international agreements the previous governments made . 
  if they do n't like the agreements , re-negotiation is the only thing they can hope to use to change the deal . 
  money has already changed hands , so there is a loan , there is a deal . . regardless of what any subsequent government says or does . 
  if they do n't like the deal anymore they have to suffer the consequences of reneging on that deal . 
  it 's almost like they want greece to fail . 
  incredible . 
  meanwhile , professors of economics all over athens are tearing their hair out because they know what 'll happen with a no vote . 
  that 's because we are in the hole for about 700e per head here . 
  we were a big investor in greece . 
  if the drachma is implemented and as predicted drops in value by about 80 % to the euro , you 'll be able to buy a nice little house for about 10000 quid . 
  add to that dropping property prices as people are evicted by landlords and you 're looking at beach front property for next to nothing . 
  a mate of mine bought a hotel in croatia just after the wars there and made quite the killing . 
  edit : when it comes to heartless money-grubbing avarice you need a dutchman on board . 
  the eurozone wo n't take a big hit anyway , i suspect . 
  if greece leaves only 5 % or so will be private sector losses . 
  that 's what the stability fund we set up is for . 
  that 's a good way of putting it . . though i 'd like to see how that exactly calculates out per country . 
  that 'd be an interesting statistic . 
  edit : looks like you 're reasonably on the money ( heh ) ; here 's an article in dutch which i found , which states 700e per person in feb. http://www.z24.nl/economie/700-euro-per-nederlander-dat-zijn-grieken-ons-schuldig-541443, 
  is exclusive the new `` breaking news '' ? 
  this . 
  anecdotal evidence like that is in no way indicative of the way a country works . 
  i 've seen the same thing happen in the netherlands . 
  painting greeks as lazy is just disingenuous . 
  sure , their tax system is rotten to the core , but hard working greeks are everywhere . 
  ask the australians . 
  pardon my ignorance . . what is g.o.b. 
   especially not in greece , where the religion is orthodox and the budget data are anything but . 
  i love this for its cultural accuracy . 
  i 'm ~ ~ stealing ~ ~ getting a bailout for this . 
  i 'm not holding my breath . 
  and the wikipedia article lists those . 
  with sources . 
  and i 've given you links for you to find out yourself . 
  what more do you expect ? 
  what am i , your personal professor ? 
  it 's nearly 3 am . 
  how about you do your own legwork . . or are you just trying to pick a fight ? 
  your first comment was just asking for general information and not a full-on list of links to the subsequent minute proposals ( which , incidentally can be found on http://europa.eu fgs ) . 
  i find that pretty disingenuous , demanding explanations like that . 
  my first link is to the wikipedia section which details the entire sordid affair . 
  it does an accurate job of describing the evolution of the three bailout packages . 
  oh come on . . the greeks entered into a legal agreement with the euro counties so that they could keep not defaulting with open eyes and the ecb bends over backwards making sure everybody is going to be okay and it 's not enough ? 
  where is the greek responsibility here . . they 're not helpless children fgs . 
  no . . are you high or something ? 
  did you bother to open the pdf ? 
   ( 26 june 20h00 ) list which takes account of proposals of the greek authorities received on 8 , 14 , 22 and 25 june it 's from http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5270_en.htm, 
   greece is in the shitter , and we did n't do a single altruistic move towards them . 
  while the bailouts protected our own hides , do n't for a second think what might 've happened to the euro if greece had defaulted before the ecb had a chance to pull its socks up would 've been anything short of a global meltdown . 
  everybody would 've been in the shitter even deeper . . including the greeks . 
  what ?!, 
  do you even read the news ? 
  this has nothing to do with what the germans say . . this is about a _ legal _ agreement greece entered into willingly and has now torpedoed . 
  bringing up world war 2 here is just fucking disingenuous and frankly insulting to the dutch , italians , danish , finnish and french here who , just like me , are n't german and support the euro . 
  if you think that germany still ` owes ' governments for reparations , i suggest you read up on the case . 
  that debt was . 
  it is no more . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31849430 what we have n't passed beyond is you calling me out for being heartless , while all i am doing is being worried for people who _ might be _ abandoned . 
  i mean , wtf , dude . 
  the eu has tried to work with the greek government to hash out concrete proposals over the last few weeks . 
  the greek proposals were always very low on detail and kept getting rejected because vague promises do not equate to a monetary policy . 
  yes , sch\u00e4uble is an intractable german , yes , the imf has been very recalcitrant . . but proposals were still on the table two days ago . 
  good ones , concrete ones that could be discussed and given counter proposals to . 
  and then referendum-bomba . 
  that 's a horrible thing to say . 
  we should n't allow people to starve in europe , let alone ones that are so close to us culturally . 
  and the eu agreed to re-negotiate , and then tsipras and varoufakis decided to brinkmanship with vague proposals . 
  and we still kept coming back to the table . 
  and we gave shit tons of money for greek banks to stay afloat despite a bad economy , and so did other countries within the imf , whose standard of living is below that of greece 's . 
  so we re-negotiate , and more brinkmanship and then tsipras drops the referendum bomb . 
  and then deadline . 
  edit : apparently the events from the past few days have a pro-german bias and tsipras was right to fuck over the ecb and the imf . 
  unbelievable . 
  original proposal , austerity and haircut are best read up on here : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#first_economic_adjustment_programme_for_greece_.28may_2010_.e2.80.93_june_2011.29 the one they were working on when tsipras dropped the referendum nuke : http://europa.eu/rapid/attachment/ip-15-5270/en/list%20of%20prior%20actions%20-%20version%20of%2026%20june%2020%2000.pdf afaik it contains significant concessions on vat rises as well as other things . 
  if you actually read the latest bailout proposals , you 'll see they 're far from horrendous . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/attachment/ip-15-5270/en/list%20of%20prior%20actions%20-%20version%20of%2026%20june%2020%2000.pdf the fact of the matter is that the eu has been bending over backwards to help out the greeks that the imf has had to reign them in and act as the prime negotiator . 
  it 's pretty telling that the eu , the imf and the banks are still willing to sit around the table with tsipras after he basically firebombed the proposals by declaring a referendum via twitter . 
  this is a great deal . 
  we have to take it . 
  even if the greeks fuck up again , the americans will want to do a hollywood remake anyway . 
  we can keep the greeks cycling between us . 
  everybody happy . 
  not at all . 
   really . 
  true and not true at the same time .
