   it sounds as if france and germany really want this to go down amicably do n't we all . 
  this is scary shit . 
  i 'm dreading looking at my pension fund on monday . 
  i just had that sinking feeling yet again . . realising how incredibly bad it is . 
  last week we were still making jokes and now we 're discussing a possible trade war between eu countries , local and maybe global recession as well as a self-immolating major economy ( uk ) which is now seen as unpredictable in financial markets , considering nobody knows who the next prime minister will be and what a deal between both parties would even look like . 
  hold me . 
  i 'm especially amused to think that you see the eu as this monolithic entity while it 's more of a framework of overlapping interests so we can trade freely . 
  do we want more integration between our nations than we have now ? 
  probably not . 
  do we need to police our borders within the schengen area better ? 
  definitely . 
  do we need to fix the asylum issue ? 
  fuck yes ( get to it , frontex ! ) . 
  but the general sentiment is that to throw away that massive trade and regulatory framework we all helped build is ludicrous . 
  we 're now too intertwined to let go . 
  there wo n't be any referenda in the eu any time soon . 
   now , with brexit , britain is free to negotiate deals with major economies of the world without eu burden or irritants like italy . 
  what makes you think italy would want to negotiate outside of the eu framework if italian business uses eu regulations and italy has a much stronger bargaining position within the eu framework than without ? 
  that 's pie in the sky thinking , that is . 
  i hope for a fast , satisfactory resolution as well . 
  pragmatism works so much better . 
  still . . speak softly and carry a large and angry german finance minister . 
  if what the eu did to switzerland is anything to go by the eu will demand the brits cough up money towards a fund to invigorate the balkans and bulgaria and romania . 
  which would be hilarious , considering the current refugee issue . 
  i think we 'll leave that up to scotland to do . 
  sch\u00e4uble maybe . 
  but dijsselbloem was also pretty hefty , negotiating with varoufakis . 
  [ goddamn that guy can look pissed when things are n't going his way ] ( http://www.protothema.gr/files/1/2015/01/30/varr00.jpg ) . 
   your support , influence and clout in the eu are gone . 
  this . 
  the british will be negotiating with an entity with a gdp many times their own . 
  it 's going to be bloody if the u.k. thinks it 'll get any special deal . 
  even if the british reverse course tomorrow and say ` hah . 
  you thought we were serious ' , this has taken them out of our equation . 
  they are no longer a _ reliable _ partner . 
  either way , their political capital is spent . 
  coffee . 
  it 's a reason . 
   but i 'm not sure how sn0r 's comment shows any evidence of such a sentiment . 
   it is n't . 
   i assure you , as far as i know britain is still just a thing in the world to most people . 
  it 's starting not to be . 
  on monday , when the market opens , my pensioenfonds ( pension ) will drop . 
  people are going to notice next week . 
  same with financial jobs . 
  a large chunk of the european import/export model is on tenterhooks and people are going to want to know what 's going on . 
   people can be annoyed with a country 's governments ' or people 's actions , but that does n't make it any kind of phobia . 
  indeed . 
  or mean that by talking tough about policies made by a countries ' government is n't necessarily representative of how we view the people there . 
  personally , i 'm married to a lovely swiss/english dual-national and we 're still happily married with two eu kids  i think that 's a good sign , do n't you ? 
   like safe spaces , or islamophobia . 
  good idea . 
  edit : just checked . 
  still happily married . 
  all 's well . 
  back to work . 
  it 's time to release the [ dijsselbloem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeroen_dijsselbloem ) . 
  yeah . 
  you guys suck . 
  true . 
  / s ^ of ^ course, 
   quit having a tantrum thought you were going to enjoy some american sci fi people that use the word banter to disguise their bad behaviour are annoying pricks . 
  i do n't like annoying pricks . 
   daily mail and the sun as british mentality lol . 
  the sun is owned by murdoch and the daily mail used to have fascist connections those news papers use the eu as scapegoat to get more money . 
  they represent nothing about the british tbh just like how not all dutch are wilders supporters are you kidding me ? 
  the sun is a major publication which i see everywhere . 
  same with the mail . 
  you ca n't walk into a weatherspoons without them having a copy and some annoying local whose read too much of them spouting off after a couple of drinks . 
  and then you go on to say ...  those articles are bit over the top , but they have some truth in it . 
  geez man . 
  you 've been infected by the anti-eu propaganda too . 
  time to head to the winchester for a pint . 
   i can also do that as an american . 
  only because the u.s. has a specific trade agreement with the eu . 
  not poland bilaterally . 
  that would cause chaos and cost poland a lot of money to implement . 
  besides , why would poland - a tiny country compared to the u.s. be able to make demands about for example safety on their own ? 
  that 's what the eu does . 
  it regulates . 
  it makes compromises between smaller nations possible within a framework which gives us power to make deals with bigger entities on equal footing around the world . 
  what it does n't do is rule over us . 
  that 's what our king and our parliament are for . 
   well i do n't want a bunch of nationalist attacking muslims and people of different ethnicity for one . 
  i do n't want big corporations using the polish as cheap labor because that would just push wages down . 
  so you 're blaming your governments inability to police vulnerable areas and inept handling of equality in the labour market by policing business on the polish now . 
  got it . 
   when the polish get enough economic strength they will end up leaving the eu . 
  lol . 
  they 're not quitters . 
  they 're fighters . 
  poland is a young nation . 
  they 've been fucked over by the germans and the russians so many times they really have n't had time to be one . 
  they 'll stay because it means stability and a big block of power . 
  of course they 'll do everything in their power to negotiate themselves into a good position in any issue which affects them . 
  and because they 're a rising star with great trade ties to the u.s. and leaders of the slavic contingency within the union they will usually get what they want . 
   more people hate the eu in greece because of that and if they even try do something funny on the uk . 
  that 's because we won . 
  we won the negotiations . 
  the greeks did n't want to sign up to the deal , so they held a snap referendum in which the eu 's proposal for debt relief was rejected by the population 60-40 .
