cheap labor combined with noord brabants conviviality and love for beer , expect the cars to have a soft ` g ' and to stop driving during carnaval . 
  who needs enemies with friends like these ? 
   isis was also very weak and considered mostly a non issue in iraq . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  they were part of the founding of isi in 2006 and have only grown since then , _ darling _ . 
   if you think there is no blame outside of the us you do n't really understand the issue in the slightest , sweetheart . 
  that is not what i said , _ sweetie _ . 
  how about a firm ` no ' to that ? 
  germany made it 's own bed when merkel started advertising the fact that germany is open to all refugees ( without mentioning quotas or how these would be checked ) . 
  smugglers just repeat that to the asylum seekers waiting to go . 
  why should we be strong-armed into paying for a situation germany arguably has made much worse ? 
  [ isis was created in american prison camps by people radicalized by american actions and aqap 's inability to get rid of them in iraq ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/dec/11/-sp-isis-the-inside-story ) . 
  that 's the truth , _ sweetheart _ . 
  i think he meant the other sort of spice . 
  they do n't understand that that 's for _ them _ and not for us . 
  agreed . . though the swiss are tied with us there . . their basler leckerli and spitzbuebeli . . omg heaven . 
  i 'd trade a years supply of stroopwafels for those . 
  you must never have been to a german bakery or a belgian one before , then . 
  our bakers products are nowhere near anything like the bread and confectionary you can get in de or be . 
  the variation and quality of products there is astoundingly larger than the ones we get here in . nl . 
  frikandel should be our official national dish . 
  i 'd love watching the queen try to scarf one down at an official banquet . 
  these days it 'd be jan middle management or hans van der tosti . 
  it 's funny our country 's most used occupational surname is baker , considering our confectionery and baking industry is n't exactly up to par with the other countries around us . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . . but now they 're squabbling about the court divisions , right ? 
  which is part of the problem . 
  that means the problem is n't really resolved . 
  or am i being too dutch about all of this ? 
   now that has been resolved recently i do not think that means what you think it means . 
  i thought it was to put the walloniers on the wrong foot when you decide to finally rejoin us . 
  dutch would be :  problem --  discussion --  discussion --  discussion --  compromise --  problems, 
  time to close all borders with germany . 
  see how the german government deals with that . 
  you mean countries that do n't follow the deals they made before and say ` we 'll welcome them all ! ', 
  while not taking into account that refugees must be registered in the first country they arrive in in the eu . 
  unbelievable . 
  it 's like germany does n't want to follow international rules anymore because omg bleading heart !, 
  what utter bullshit . 
  and the rest of us are stuck with tens of thousands of ` refugees ' ( lol ) who are here not because of war but because of money . 
   ~ ~ salem ~ ~ salaam witch trials ftfy, 
  yeah . . but we [ _ might _ want to keep vlaanderen ] ( http://www.clint.be/entertainment/babes-en-bier-de-ultieme-vlaanderen-vs-walloni%c3%ab-vergelijking#1 ) . . 
  we can always annex belgium and use it as a flood plain if things get really bad . 
  well . . our dikes can handle another 1.5 meters at current levels , considering we invested in their infrastructure heavily in 2010 . 
  beyond that . . well . . time to get our wellies out . 
  medvedev reddish complexion makes it look like he took a few punches beforehand . 
  makes me wonder what the conversation before this was like . . and if it involved extensive interrogation . 
  i disagree . 
  integration is n't just language . 
  living in an ethnic neighborhood does n't prepare young people for the realities of the country around them . 
  there have been plenty of cases of the children of immigrants insulting women who wear normal summer clothes simply because in their ` area ' they are seldom confronted with regular european life . 
  not being restricted to the local community does n't help if you still carry the biasses of that community around with you . 
  try taking those kids to an fkk beach or auschwitz . 
  see what kind of response you get from them then . 
  spoiler : not an acceptable one , usually . 
  only if you do n't have enough sand . 
  alternatively , if you do run out of the gritty stuff you can always dig it out of the sea or do the [ truly impractical thing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fdmalaq.jpg ) and suspend the bikepath above the road instead . 
  it does look prettier , though . 
  simple : you dig out a bicycle path underneath the roundabout , or raise the roundabout so it effectively becomes a bridge . 
   but will people come to rotterdam just to view kabouter buttplug ? 
  i 'm saying it 's ` yet another reason ' to visit . . and considering this thread . . maybe . 
   if it were left to private initiative , they would think about their investments and sponsor things they think they would make money on . 
  i disagree using pure private initiative . 
  that 's good for sponsoring big existing art institutions , simply because of how those are managed . 
  you also need to sponsor the little guy , who 's mates have an idea and a good eye to make a new statue . . or a ` herman brood ' guy , who 's sold a few paintings but could use the money to publicize his work a bit more . 
  that 's something that you ca n't really interest companies with . 
  that 's what the art budget should be for . 
  if they give it back to the uk , perhaps it 's more like a maffia message . .  thinking of leaving the eu ? 
   remember this ? 
   kind regards ,  willem, 
  i think to have that made in rotterdam is a great ` fuck you ' statement , tbh . 
  if any city deserves a kabouter buttplug it 's rotterdam . 
  besides , a big city like that is supposed to have a large art budget ; tourism is a big thing in the randstad . . and having something like that make it through all the high art bollocks , where instead of sponsoring another production of do n't - care the musical or putting it in yet another museum of fuzzy caps or whatever they put up their kabouter . 
  loads of people have now heard of rotterdam 's kabouter buttplug . 
  if anyone visits . nl , they might consider a day-trip to rotterdam to have a good time and spend money . 
  standoffish . . no . 
  direct to a fault , yes . 
  we 'll tell you you 're full of shit to your face and expect you to take criticism like a boss . 
  travelling alone is no problem . 
  it 's safe enough and we have no real ghettos or high crime areas . 
  going to a restaurant alone is no problem either . . though we tend to be a bit reserved towards people we do n't know it 's nowhere near how the finnish are . 
  buy us a beer and we 'll be mates . 
  everyone speaks english and everyone is well disposed towards tourists . . because you spend money ( which we love more than anything ) . 
  the hague has a great beach ( scheveningen ) and has plenty of nightlife . 
  amsterdam is still better , though . 
  i 'm totally not biassed on that count . 
   our most famous emo so accurate it hurts . 
  now we wo n't have as much heroin ( good ) and the dealers in amsterdam are bound to start cutting the stuff with industrial solvents again ( bad ) . 
  itt : people who think recovered is the same as recovery . 
  i 'm sure your famers will find a reason . 
  _ looking the cat out of the tree for a little longer , then ? _ ^ dutch ^ < 3, 
  sn0r 's translation : `` now the truth is revealed '' . 
  not true . 
  they rejected the _ proposed _ bailout deal , which were n't negotiated for yet . 
  so far everyone 's been waving their dicks around but nothing has been decided . 
  athens accepted the bridging loan to keep their economy going , which was released on condition that their parliament push through laws required by previous bailout deals . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-33531845 now the real work starts . 
  you mean the one they 're still negotiating this month ? 
  english bonbons = best bonbons . 
  is that the ` portugese for the ethical treatment of athens ' or the other one ? 
  more is better .
