  upd 0024 at5 : the lady-presenter has a sexy voice , but no new info . 
  things seems quieter . 
  upd 0025 at5 : police helicopter is back . 
  klm personel interviewed earlier that they were ` locked in ' by the mps . 
  upd 00:31 at5 : camera man has caught up to about 20 heavilly armed mps near a car with belgian license plates . 
  dog is sniffing the car . 
  upd 00:34 at5 : looks like the dog did n't find much . 
  the reporter mentions that the mps had their fingers on their triggers , but are letting people and vehicles pass now . 
  less mps around as well . 
  upd 00:40 : at5 has spoken to a representative of the military police and has confirmed the two arrests . 
  also , the bomb squad ( eod ) is on scene investigating . 
  upd 00:44 at5 : anneloes is pretty cute . 
   three arrests in total were made so far according to mps . 
  busses and taxis are not in service . 
  upd 00:47 at5 : the belgian car has been impounded . 
  busses are being rerouted around schiphol as they ca n't get to the bus ramp . 
  the parking garage is closed . 
  anneloes says that because of the time , less trains are running ( normal schedules ) . 
  people are unsure how to get home . 
  upd 00:55 at5 : passengers were apparently held up in customs and had to wait there for hours . 
  the eod is investigating near the bus stops . 
  [ here 's a map , btw . 
  ] ( http://airwaysnews.com/galleries/schipholamsterdamairportmap_27490.jpg ) upd 01:03 at5 : the lady that was stuck in customs was n't happy with the information she was being given by the security services . 
  people were getting angry because there was no information . 
  upd 01:08 at5 : access to the sherraton hotel is restricted . 
  people are congregating near one of the exits to the parking garage and the entrance to the sherraton , just waiting , really . 
  upd 01:17 at5 : the dude-reporter says that the nos has received reports that the situation is being scaled down and in 20 minutes people will be allowed to get to their cars . 
  upd 01:27 at5 : the earlier report has not been confirmed by the mps . 
  there will be a statement in several minutes , according to based reporter coen . 
  upd 01:30 at5 : situation has been cleared up . 
  people are free to go to the taxis . 
  all police tape is being removed . 
  i think thats it . 
  im going to bed after i 've chucked this crappy ipad mini in the trash . 
  goddamn . . typing on it is a chore , copy-pasting really sucks . 
  and why does adobe acrobat keep popping up . 
  i did n't even know i had that !, 
  also , mods . . stop deleting threads which are perfectly fine !, 
  and for the love of god , when you do remove a post , tell us why , damnit !, 
  night , all . 
  yeah . . wtf !, 
  23:35 at5 : flights are still allowed to leave . 
  the arrivals hall has been closed , the taxi stand is closed and the parking garage ajacent to schiphol is closed . 
  trains are still arriving , though some platforms have been closed . 
  23:41 at5 : earlier one person was arrested at schiphol . 
  the military police ( who do security for all airports ) escalated their readyness to [ grip2 ] ( http://www.112meerlanden.nl/incidentenscenarios/ ) . 
  when scaling up to grip 2 two essential aspects change . 
  there is one commander . 
  a predetermined chairman leads the command accident/disaster site ( cort ) . 
  further , the predetermined core occupancies of the regional operational team ( rot ) and the municipal policy team assemble . 
  these will deterime what the possible effects will be on the area of operation and will assess the impact is on the municipality . 
  upd 23:55 at5 : secondary arrest made at schiphol . 
  two people arrested . 
  edit : thread deleted ? 
  no explanation ? 
  should i continue ? 
  i think it 's also an attempt to put pressure on french politicians to start tackling this kind of violence more stringently with measures and police response . 
  participating in free movement of goods while not having your livelihood set on fire is pretty important , and should be . 
  those farmers should be in jail , and so should the people who organised the protest without adequate policing . 
  i think you need outside help to make vlaanderen function even remotely on a normal level again after decades of mismanagement and incompetence by your ( and i use this word in the loosest of contexts ) ` central government ' . 
  the whole belgian ` laissez faire ' attitude to government has to be thrown in the rubbish bin . 
  they 're far more incompetent than they seem . 
  do you know why those hooligans managed to interrupt and destroy part of the memorial yesterday ? 
  the mayor of the town where they gathered said `` if we kept them here they would 've rioted here , so we let them go to brussels '' . 
  and nobody was ready for them in brussels . 
  the police just stood there . 
  same with that chaotic national remembrance . . where the entire parliament did n't show up because somebody forgot to send out an email . 
  belgium is a joke . 
  ouch . 
  how close was he ? 
  madrid was one of the first ` big ones ' in europe , right ? 
  i remember that shit . 
  it was unreal . 
   does being in close proximity of a german police officer accidentally discharging his handgun in munich airport last year and the casing hitting another romanian dude in the head count ? 
  i guess not ... 
  it counts as fucking hillarious , that 's for sure . 
  that 's pretty impressive . 
  i mean . . our country is pretty windy . . but to achieve those wind levels consistently [ we have to do it mechanically ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scij0f62og4 ) . 
  edit : bad example . 
  [ this one 's better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vznrforwafe ) . 
  is there a difference ? 
  i mean , besides the names of the bars ? 
  if you look carefully , you can see blanes being sexually assaulted by dutch and british tourists . 
  limburg is both our florida and arkansas . 
  you 've never been to amsterdam , i see . 
  turkish security forces are about as reliable a source as my dead grandmother , especially when it 's about the pkk . 
  that said , if the pkk is behind it , they deserve everything the turks want to send their way . 
  we have the legend of sjonnie and anita . 
  people say that on dark nights , when the moon shines through the trees and the windmills lie still , you can hear the haunting sound of techno music and their cita scooter in the rustling of the leaves . 
  mothers also warn little children that unless they eat their greens sjonnies mullet will come to eat them at night . 
  edit : forgot the eerie techno music, 
  we really fucked over indonesia , did n't we . 
  if by ` was n't our fault ' you mean ` we did n't do shit even when we got tons of money to secure our border on top of bailout after bailout ' , then yes . 
  i think he 's alluding to the widespread opinion that , regardless of the outcome , this better be the last fucking time we hear of a brexit . 
  considering last nights journaal broadcast about lgbt discrimination there with all of the extremist clerics baying for blood and squads of homo-bashers on the street , i think indonesia could use a bit more of the dutch nuchterheid as it stands , regardless of our colonial past with them . 
  connectietijd is when your connection bus is 10 minutes late but the driver says he 's on time . 
  a banner with a blonde wig perhaps . 
  incidentally , i heard that [ washington state has decided to support geert ] ( http://imgur.com/ek7ic1h ) from afar . 
  this is just shameful . 
  a free press is the cornerstone of a democracy .
