  i 've sat next to an american couple on a flight who genuinely were wondering if polar bears came from poland , so it does n't surprise me in the least . 
  the exchange rate of chf to eur has n't changed much this week or even this month , fluctuating between 0.95 to 0.96 chf to the euro . 
  in fact there 's only been a major shift recently in may because the swiss decoupled the frank from the euro . 
  arise , arise my polish brothers !, 
  let us cleanse the internet of russian propaganda !, 
   poland will cooperate with holland to create a russian-language tv channel oh . 
  true , though having an intractable , bloated bureaucratic machine does n't help . 
  greece has one of the worst investment climates in europe and startups have a very difficult time getting to market because of it . 
  reforms are genuinely needed to clear the giant lumbering crony-based system that 's been in place for years . 
  that is n't to say that the debt already accrued should n't be restructured . . but many of those reforms _ need _ to happen for greeks as well as for the rest of us . 
  i 'd say it 's their only chance for independent growth , considering they 've been growing at the expense of the rest of europe for years . 
  or the russian . 
  where is the ice train from amsterdam to basel and/or frankfurt ? 
  this map is incredibly dated or pretty inaccurate . 
  source : took the ice train to basel last week . 
  enjoying swiss life right now . 
  i first wanted to downvote you for not contributing to the conversation ... but the old irc-speak rofl sets off a nostalgia riot in my brain so ... upvote . 
  we keep their best , they get our worst . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  you can keep the dutch guy . 
  we do n't want him back . 
  you 've fucking got to be kidding me . 
  this does n't even warrant a response except for four words : debt haircut in 2011 . 
   nor they are held hostage by germany because germany as a personnal hate for syriza & friends because they refused to sell the country oh just fuck off already , you utter disgusting excuse for a human being . 
  germans and the german government do n't have some personal beef to pick with greece . 
  all they , and all of the other countries want is a fucking equal partner in greece and not a corrupt , unviable state with the scruples of north korea . 
  and that 's what we , all of the 18 members of the eurozone want . 
  the germans alone have _ given _ the greeks tons and tons of euros , have sat by while people like you have called them nazis for wanting their fucking money to be spent right . 
  this is something i 've never understood . 
  why sell it off when you can lease it out for say 100 years ? 
   conquering a nation through a deal is a blatant economic dictatorship . 
  lol . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  there 's no ` conquering ' going on . 
  there 's just you . 
  paying your debts . 
  or else . 
   if you are fine surrendering your sovereignty and killing your population because of debts , then you deserve your life as a slave . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  what kind of people do you take northern europeans for ? 
  perhaps it 's best you fix your economy without us then . 
  i suppose you 're going to blame that on europe as well . 
   grexit now even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  what . . that ` gezellige ' fatso ? 
  my mom had a thing for him . 
   we the greeks have given an amazing chance to get out of this collapsing fascist union paying debts is now facist , guys . 
  http://greece.greekreporter.com/files/document-on-greece.pdf  on top of that , the greek authorities shall take the following actions : \u2022 to develop a significantly scaled up privatisation programme with improved governance . 
  [ the greek authorities will invite an independent body to assess the price of assets sold and will investigate the best way to further increase the independence of taiped with the involvement of the commission . ], 
  ## or [ moreover , valuable greek assets of [ eur 50 bn ] shall be transferred to an existing external and independent fund like the institution for growth in luxembourg , to be privatized over time and decrease debt . 
  such fund would be managed by the greek authorities under the supervision of the relevant european institutions   \u2022 in line with the greek government ambitions , to modernise and significantly strengthen the greek administration , and to put in place a programme , under the auspices of the european commission , for capacity-building and de-politicizing the greek administration . 
  a first proposal should be provided by 20 july after discussions with the 12 july 2015 - 16.00 institutions . 
  the greek government commits to reduce further the costs of the greek administration , in line with a schedule agreed with the institutions ;  \u2022 to fully normalize working methods with the institutions , including the necessary work on the ground in athens , to improve programme implementation and monitoring . 
  the government needs to consult and agree with the institutions on all draft legislation in relevant areas with adequate time before submitting it for public consultation or to parliament . 
  the eurogroup stresses again that implementation is key , and in the context welcomes the intention of the greek authorities to request by 20 july support from the institutions and member states for technical assistance , and asks the european commission to coordinate this support from europe ;  \u2022 [ finally , to amend or compensate for `` roll-back '' legislation adopted during 2015 , which have not been agreed with the institutions and run counter to the commitments agreed in the framework of the 20 february 2015 eurogroup statement . ], 
  the above-listed commitments are minimum requirements to start the negotiations with the greek authorities . 
  however , the eurogroup made it clear that the start of negotiations does not preclude any final possible agreement on a new esm programme , which will have to be based on a decision on the whole package ( including financing needs , debt sustainability and possible bridge financing ) . 
  edit : emphasis mine . 
   they 've demanded control of fiscal policy and 50b in assets who 's cherry-picking here ? 
  http://greece.greekreporter.com/files/document-on-greece.pdf  on top of that , the greek authorities shall take the following actions : \u2022 to develop a significantly scaled up privatisation programme with improved governance . 
  [ the greek authorities will invite an independent body to assess the price of assets sold and will investigate the best way to further increase the independence of taiped with the involvement of the commission . ], 
  or [ moreover , valuable greek assets of [ eur 50 bn ] shall be transferred to an existing external and independent fund like the institution for growth in luxembourg , to be privatized over time and decrease debt . 
  such fund would be managed by the greek authorities under the supervision of the relevant european institutions  notice the ` or ' ? 
  you can either implement independent oversight yourself or you can provide collateral . 
  it 's a simple choice . . and not an unreasonable one . 
  do shit by next wednesday or these are the assets i 'll want as collateral for continuing the deal . 
  they had every right to try to get a better deal . . and we gave them one . 
  where they went wrong is with the referendum ; pissing off the creditors in the final days of a possible deal by firstly doing this unilateraly and secondly backing a ` no ' vote . 
  what the hell were they thinking would happen ? 
  and this has nothing to do with austerity . 
  let 's be very clear : austerity works - not well . . but it works . 
  it has adverse effects , doing it in a recession . . but we 're dealing with those through the ecb funds which we 've all paid into . 
  this is about greece not fully implementing the reforms it agreed to in [ 2009 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis_countermeasures ) . 
  for gods sakes , [ they still do n't even know who owns what bit of land ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/27/world/europe/greeces-tangled-land-ownership-is-a-hurdle-in-recovery.html ) !, 
  how are they supposed to tax it ? 
  my god . . the german hating circlejerk is strong in this thread . 
  i would n't call what dijsselbloem 's been doing in the past few weeks ` hiding ' . 
  extensive mental waterboarding bureau being created in brussels as we speak . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  if anything , it 's tsipras you should be blaming for letting it get to this point . 
  there is no trust in the greek government 's commitment to implement the reforms , and rightly so . 
  past governments have squandered any money coming their way for cronyism and keeping the status quo in greece . 
  tsipras , up to last week was against continuation of austerity , something he is now agreeing to implement . 
  who is to say if we transfer even a few billion over it wo n't just get sucked up and suddenly no reforms . . or prevarication and delay in parliament . 
  the creditors ' trust has been abused and then mocked . 
  and greece has nobody but themselves to blame for this situation . 
  edit : and again . . not just germany . 
  also the netherlands , finland , the baltic states . 
  every one of them is sick and tired of throwing good money to bad intentions . 
  edit 2 : lots of downvotes , not one reply . 
  the truth hurts , eh ? 
  edit 3 : finally !, 
  some discussion instead of fucking ` uhh he bad ' . 
  hollande , i think . 
  dijsselbloem 's already done his bit . 
  since both have stuck with the plan , i 'm sure europe wo n't mind a bit of renegotiations on the bailout repayments . 
  it 's not like they ca n't be trusted with the money ... unlike _ some _, 
  holy shit !, 
  i thought all countries had one of those !, 
  wtf , greece ? 
  how can you have a functional financial relationship with europe when you do n't even have control over your own property tax system !,
