  the entire island of cyprus would like a word with you about that . 
  the extra layer of bacteria is why we 're so tall . 
  small people . 
  hang-loose is now a syrian war-cry . 
  before the russians got there . 
   a major economic crisis followed by gradual decentralization of power and chaotic power politics in rome made it fall . 
  the situation is comparable . 
  we 're in the midst of a global economic malaise , following a worldwide crash . 
  power is being devolved from brussels , with more and more people and countries skeptical of the benefits of the eu as a whole , not to mention the upcoming dutch and british referendums . . and to call the power politics within the eu stable after what we saw with greece 's situation and how the eu is dealing with russia 's aggression across our frontier is pretty laughable . 
  the refugee crisis will be the last nail in the coffin of the shengen agreement , considering the border states are n't doing what they promised ; dublin accords be damned and the non-border countries pledging billions of euros but only transferring millions . 
  if the dutch fm is already talking about closing the borders and instituting a ` mini shengen ' , it means the political will already exists for abandoning the earlier treaties . 
   the euphrates volcano sounds like a hawaiian ukelele band rather than a freedom fighters union . 
  i always knew harlingen was the ass of europe . 
  this is their minister for health : [ maggie de block ] ( http://static.wixstatic.com/media/3f8912_6d3749cffc5246998afb2aeae8e4cb5f.jpg ) . 
  holy shit , you can not be serious . 
  driving from holland or germany , you _ always know _ you 're in belgium just by the horrible sound of your tortured tires begging for mercy and your suspension hoping for valhalla . 
  our food is like your roads : unkempt , badly put together but ultimately it 'll get you from a to b. 
  oh come on . 
  have you never watched the news channel ? 
   there 's an entire news section dedicated to europe i can argue the same for fox news ' website . . where the stories are reasonably neutral on all subjects and there 's actual journalism being done . 
  i ca n't say the same for their tv coverage though . . which is pure republican bullshit propaganda . 
  similarly , the bbc website is pretty standard , good journalism . 
  the bbc news tv channel on the other hand has 1001 symposiums on how women can succeed better in asia . . or the latest gadget developed by some african kid . . but no real hard-hitting investigative reporting , like they had around the 90s and around the millennium . 
  there 's just the regurgitated ap reporting with celebrity bullshit and irrelevant human interest stories on there now . 
  and sport . 
  much . 
  sport . 
   there 's also the tv show politics europe as for their coverage of europe . . it 's wholly incomplete and frankly insulting . 
  all the bbc seems to care about is sports and towing the government line of ` everything is bad in europe , but not so bad here ' . 
  and saying one show on a channel nobody outside of the uk gets ( bbc parliament ?! ), 
  represents great coverage of the complex interacting world that is the eu and europe as a whole ? 
  are you serious ? 
  oh . . and on the 5th of november i had bbc on in the background all day because i was working at home . 
  there was a glorious total of 5 minutes coverage on t.v. 
  of the protests . 
  5 minutes . 
  after which they cut to some panda being shipped from china to canada . 
  then it was back to fellating celebrities , sport , the russian aircrash ( no reporting , mind you . . just the same footage over and over and over and over ) , more sport , africa business report , sport , asia business report , sport , bbc america report , sport , sport , sport . 
  so yes . 
  bbc is the fox news of europe . 
  really . 
  it 's already happened . 
  look at bbc world ` news ' : a thousand fluff pieces about a panda in a zoo , but not one program dedicated to european news at all except when it 's about those ` poor poor migrants and how those nasty inhuman europeans are handling them . 
  mass protests on the 5th of november across britain ? 
  better talk some more about how the newest gadget is being used by some african village . 
  major news about tpp ? 
  quick , tell us more about the newest proposal to make skateboarding an olympic sport . 
  the bbc is the fox news of europe . 
  now bring on the downvotes . 
  i 'm sure someone criticizing the bbc deserves more ridicule than a news agency who 'll do anything to stop reporting on operation yewtree and their collusion in keeping the pedos who work for the government in power or indeed within their own ranks . 
  ahh . . thanks . 
  shows how much i can trust my grey goo to come through with chronological events . 
   cheers for the cut and paste . 
  i thought it was the dutch referendum that killed the constitution ? 
  was n't the french one second ? 
  i can just imagine their board meetings at the time ...  if we can not exterminate ze jews , we will exterminate ze yews !, 
  not really . 
  tsipras won his snap election and is keeping his promises for meaningful reform so far . 
  ergo , there 's nothing controversial and nothing much about greece on the front page . 
   the north is more harsh and rigid , good people once you get to know them , but not very spontaneous . 
  that 's the sterotype , but not at all true . 
  when i was living in noord brabant , the amount of ` ons kent ons ' incrowd mentality was stifling . 
  i never made many friends if i moved somewhere for my work . 
  contrasting that to amsterdam and rotterdam . . the moment i moved in my neighbors said hi and offered to show me around a bit . 
  the people in the pub around the corner were a revelation as well . 
  instead of staring sullenly at the ` newbie foreign guy ' and muttering under their breath the people in the pubs in the north were more than happy to start up a conversation . 
  sure , the ` northeners ' can come across as stiff necked or rude . . but that 's because they mostly do n't accept bullshit and will judge you by your actions and not by your heritage , clothes or percieved social status . 
  lol . 
  this one is funny : [ even the queen is preparing for war ] ( https://gallery.mailchimp.com/cd23226ada1699a77000eb60b/images/e119ab5b-b280-461a-88ee-a8a6cf64cb63.png ) . 
  ( [ direct link ] ( http://us11.campaign-archive2.com/?u=cd23226ada1699a77000eb60b&amp;id=c552d24c1d ) )  conspiracy theorist alex jones , who is running the pro-kremlin outlet infowars.com , explained to his viewers that the us ( which he claims is controlled by george soros ) has already declared war against russia . 
  the czech outlet repeats the pro-kremlin disinformation that hillary clinton will start war against russia - in this story , unlike in the jones 's story , she will at least wait until she gets elected . 
   and even the queen of england is allegedly getting ready for war - at least according to the outlet yournewswire . 
  of course , the statement that `` a brutal and apocalyptic war will be waged in the east '' can not be found anywhere apart from disinformation oriented outlets . 
  edit : damn markup edit 2 : removed links to infowara and url shortener from quoted text . 
   like all of you want so badly  baiting the trolls , i see . 
  i 'm not saying she 'll win . . 
  i 'm saying she has a more-than-zero chance . 
  the election is in 5 months . 
  that 's a long time in politics . 
  good short movie  we need a / r/europe movie night . 
  hmm . . not too sure about that . 
  were n't there massive demonstrations against gay marriage as well as a few preventable terrorist attacks ? 
  immigration checks not being made . . ? 
  sounds very much like not all is well in france at the moment . 
  i think lepen actually has a chance . 
  what i think has a very slim-to-none chance is the eu referendum she wants to do . 
  france is pretty much central to the eu . 
   wo n't happen . 
  famous last words of david cameron and hillary clinton . 
  the referendum was about not allowing ukraine to enter the e.u. 
  through the back door and to show we 're not all happy to go along with endless e.u expansion . . but it was also a covert dig at the establishment , much like trump or brexit . 
  they were n't . 
  the information was there . 
  it was shoved into their face . . over and over again . 
  they _ chose _ to listen to the idiots . 
  they chose to live in their feels = reals pipe dream . 
  no sympathy . 
  you may have , but a significant part of the leave voters voted because of false promises . 
  [ that 's an indisputable fact ] ( https://www.businessinsider.nl/brexit-vote-regret-leave-margin-victory-2016-10/?international=true&amp;r=uk ) . 
  that 's a false premise .
