  you view the sea of clouds as you pass over them . . and maybe if you 're lucky you see another trail in the distance . . to indicate you 're not all of a sudden alone . . the only passengers left in the world . 
  and then some super mega kill-jet pops up from under the wing of that flying tube you 're sitting in and surprises you . 
  i might be a romantic at heart , but to me it 's an indescribable feeling when you 're experiencing what essentially is the ( waste ) product of hundreds of years of our global civilization 's cumulative development in such a visceral way . 
  people who have n't seen a fighter jet escorting their airplane in person do n't know how incredibly spectacular it actually is . 
  you 're sitting in a big tube , flying serenely through the sky , looking out your window ( which in itself is incredible enough ) when suddenly these little wasps appear in the distance . 
  they swoop in with a speed you 've never thought possible to line up right on the wing of your aircraft . 
  and then you see the pilots in their tiny bubble canopies and you realise that those are real guys and they are strapped to millions of euros worth of fuel , jet engine technology and raw killing power that can take you out in the blink of an eye . 
  these young lads can fly across the entirety of europe in an hour or so and have ultimate command of the skies . 
  maybe they 'll wiggle their wings at you . 
  maybe they 'll wave . 
  and then they pull away again . . faster than a sparrow in flight . . up or out or down . . it does n't matter . 
  the agility and speed just silences you with its awesomeness . 
  it 's a sobering moment . 
  nobody notices that the netherlands supplies germany and germany supplies europe . 
  secret netherlands master race confirmed . 
  ten ?!, 
  i say now . 
   ask any greek how well germany cooperated with them are you fucking kidding me ? 
  germany , the netherlands and the rest of europe were more than lenient with greece . 
  greece 's government lied to get into the euro , borrowed way too much from our banks , to the point that when the 2008 crisis hit they were basically insolvent with their sky-high spending and tax evasion . 
  then they had the gall . . the absolute fucking gall to try and get out from under their debts by holding the negotiations hostage with their stupid referendum . 
  and we 're supposed to be cooperative ? 
  please . 
  if you 're in the euro you have concrete obligations towards the other euro countries and if you ca n't or do n't want to you can leave the eu and the euro . 
  end of story . 
  the eu might have problems . . it might even be riddled with them . 
  but disbanding the eu is throwing the baby out with the bathwater . 
  the eu gives a shithole like belgium the same clout internationally as china or the us as well as providing that ` country ' of yours with enough employment to keep it from falling apart like the failed state it really is . 
  not to mention you 're belgian . 
  you should fucking know what happens when two of the continental powers are adversarial instead of cooperative . 
  if you do n't , i auggest you find a history book . 
  being a rude discriminatory fuck will not make us hire you faster . 
  they will be flooding our shores looking for a better life . 
  better get frontex ready to repell the economic migrants there too , boys . 
  seriously , it 'd be freaking hilarious if it was n't so stupid . 
  i agree . 
  they already have borisconi as well . 
  you 're on your own . 
  who will they blame ? 
  they 'll blame the eu for everything . 
  as per usual . 
  yes . 
  because they would have had a plan ready in the first place . 
  i sort of expect the eu negotiators to come walking out of the first meeting shaking their heads and holding up a napkin with british demands scrawled in crayon on it after the insane debacle brexit has turned out to be so far . 
  rather : the pendulum swings . 
  well . . 
  it is a law , not a contract . 
  in the past few days the netherlands has ... - shown much needed backbone in the face of boundless provocations by the turkish government to try and co-opt our elections to further their autocratic ends - united europe behind them with their strong response - shown how a proper election should be handled , with proper debates and good discussions on tv , while the international media only concentrated on wilders . 
  - broken the winning streak of the putin/trump/brexit / wilders/lepen populism sweep - shown the world the folly of erdogan and isolated him quickly i think we 've done rather well . 
  i imagine that if we do finally start voting electronically they 'll make us fold up the voting machines . 
  it 's super convenient . 
  i 'm picking up my son at 12 and then going with him to the gym in his primary school to vote . 
  true . . 
  i should provide sources on that . . though it 's hard to think you have to when you live in reality . . where it 's always been pretty obvious , a bit like gravity or the sun . 
  i 'm not convinced he is one . 
  i 've seen a lot of brits and americans who actually believe that shit and someone 's got to speak up and set the record straight . 
  a downvote is n't enough . 
  and the point i 'm making is this - no they 're not . 
  that might be how it _ seems _ , but not how it _ is _ . 
  you 're on your own . 
  what utter shit . 
  germany might be economically more powerful , but they 're still only 1 of 27 nations who have to get along . 
  they have no special deals in place unlike _ some countries _ , and have always wholeheartedly supported the eu and the eurozone . 
  germany is also in no position to act unilaterally on any issue within the eu and they do n't want to . 
  they 've always been the mediators , the glue that 's held the franco/german/italian detente alive and when shit hit the fan in greece they were for greece remaining in the eurozone , despite the fact greece lied its ass off to get in the union . 
  and at great expense to themselves . 
  that 's such bullshit . 
  the germans do not control the eu . 
  at the very most they are the strongest state , export-wise , in the eurozone . 
  the fact that germany is so pro eu is because they , more than perhaps anyone , see the advantages in a continent united after a devastating war and have internalized that by not using the eu as a scapegoat when things go to shit at home . 
  what ?!, 
  how is the eu fascist ? 
  are you delusional ? 
  edit : no answer as expected . 
  because there is n't one . 
  you 're an embarrassment to slovakia . 
  aboutaleb is awesome . 
  in rotterdam the mayor has arresting powers similar to the police . 
  aboutaleb 's been arresting fare dodgers on the metro since he got in . 
  this has basically been the general reaction here , yes . 
  and taken the wind out of le pens ' sails . 
  they seriously missed an opportunity there . 
  holy shit this is good . 
  how have i never heard of this ? 
  instead of fireballs he 'll throw empty beer glasses . 
  no single party has even 20 % . 
  in the netherlands we have a coalition system where you compromise on issues to get as much of your manifesto as possible acted on . 
  nobody expects 100 % guaranteed delivery . 
  ever . 
  what the difference is with wilders is that all other parties ... a. had their manifestos checked by the cbp for economic viability and ... b. have in place solid plans for when they do get into government . 
  even the socialist party has a manifesto which makes sense , regardless of the fact they intend to spend like hell once they 're in parliament . 
  they have actual real-world plans , unlike the pvv , who are just flinging shit against a wall to see if any of it will stick . 
  about a dutch brexit being possible here . . it 's not . 
  we . . a. 
  do n't have a rabid right-wing media like in the u.k. and u.s. , simply because our political spectrum is too fractured . 
  would n't survive if we left the eu , simply because we 're dependent on transport links from and to germany and belgium to such an extent that our borders do n't actually exist anymore . 
  c. are a small trading nation who vote with their wallet , not their hearts . 
  it 's basically impossible . 
  how is that ironic ? 
  are you saying i 'm delusional ?
