  i 'm not going have my livelihood be blackmailed or held on a leash by britain 's recalcitrance . 
  you 're fucking insane if you think that 's the same as taking joy out of this . 
  this is my family we 're talking about . 
   your ideas on how to handle britain will make the eu collapse faster you 're clearly an expert ad hominem attacks . 
  explain how my ideas are making the eu collapse . 
  please do . 
  this might actually invigorate the eu . 
  we 've been genuinely slighted by a runaway shit-show of an electoral system in the uk which is running our fucking economies into the ground as we speak . 
  if anything unites the germans , french , italians , polish and the benelux faster than a global crisis where money 's on the line , you got ta tell me . . because i do n't know what it is . 
   the eu and britain are friends . 
  ... because they are allies allies do n't have to be friends . 
  their interests just have to align sufficiently . 
  and at the moment the interests do n't align . 
   `` nations have no permanent friends or allies , they only have permanent interests . ''  -- lord palmerston , british prime minister , 1864, 
   / u/sn0r included , want to `` make a lemonade '' out of this i do n't necessarily see a way to profit from this debacle . 
  and i 'm on the fence about further integration . 
  i do see a direct way of limiting the global damage being done by the british , which will affect my livelihood if it drags on too long . 
  i want the burning high-rise fire to be put out quickly . . rather than try selling lemonade to the bystanders . . if that makes sense as an analogy . 
   i.e. 
  the atitude may be egotistical it certainly is . 
  i live in the netherlands , have a pension , support a family of four and have familial obligations tied directly to this shit-show . 
  damn right i 'm going to be egotistical about this . 
   i can promise you wo n't find me , or many many other people , taking a perverse pleasure in something that is clearly really going to hurt people . 
  are you implying that i am ? 
  laughable . 
  why is it we do n't let preteens and teens vote , but we do let the 80 year old ? 
  surely it 's been proven over and over again that past the age of 80 people can no longer drive and ( generally ) be held accountable for their actions ? 
  someone genuinely explain this to me please . 
  right . . and when the dutch government does something with which half the dutch people disagree you and everyone on the planet are not going to refer to the actions done by ` the dutch ' ? 
  imagine how smoothly most negotiations will go from now on ...  de minister : so . . we are all finally agreed ? 
   at minister : as long as it protects xy and z groups we 're okay with it now . 
   hu and nl : well okay then . 
  we 're not happy with it but it 's an acceptable compromise  uk minister : bbbbrrrrrrffffgghhhhtttttthhhhfff taxation . 
  we want nothing to do with it . 
   de minister : just ignore him . 
  he still thinks it 's 2015 . 
  typical brit : all banter but no evidence or substance . 
  tired of those elitist experts ( who turned out to be right ) yet ? 
  and we still did it and the sanctions are still in place . 
  you presume economy trumps policy in the eu . 
  we 've already proven time and time again that that 's not how we function ( see greece , refugees , russia , response to global warming to name a few ) . 
  we 're a political and economic union . . and we will put our money where our mouths are . 
  [ sure you can ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/customs/customs_duties/tariff_aspects/index_en.htm ) . 
  it 's all about how you interpret the rules , as well as taric . 
  for example ( and there are many other moves than this ) : do n't pay your frontex fees this year ? 
  sorry , you 're outside the borders of the eu , technically , despite being an eu member . 
  unless we decide to enact legislation with which we can speed up the process by laying sanctions on your exports . 
  do n't think the eu wo n't . 
  we 're not going to be blackmailed by your laggards while you cause our economies to imolate due to your inability to get along with your neighbors . 
  in fact that 's exactly what the ministers in the article are implying . 
  time to throw their hastily packed suitcases out the door and have them call their ` special relationship friends ' to come pick them up . 
  which is why i 'd rather have the uk out . 
  you 're poisonous . 
  the brits are also under the impression we owe them something after 40 years of special treatment . 
  time to disabuse the entire uk of this notion in one fell swoop : out within two years , no bullshit or close the border and implement trade tariffs . 
  whether you agree or disagree with how george soros spends his money , you ca n't really argue the fact that [ he has lots and lots of it because he 's educated and works with guys like these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_soros ) , who clearly know what they 're talking about when it comes to macro and micro economics . 
  considering [ airfrying ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air_fryer ) is healthier and causes less heart disease , i would n't be surprised if in a few years there 'll be a european consensus on the subject . 
  i mean . . imagine that . . scots who live past 50 . 
  almost inconceivable . 
  that 's great . 
  even more chance erdie-birdie wo n't fuck around with us for a while . 
   in turkey 's sandy silence , all alone ,  stands a gigantic leg , which far off throws  the only shadow that the desert knows : --  `` i am great erdogan , '' saith the stone ,  `` the king of kings ; this mighty city shows  `` the wonders of my hand . 
  '' -- the city 's gone , --  nought but the leg remaining to disclose  the site of this forgotten islamistan . 
   we wonder , -- and some hunter may express  wonder like ours , when thro ' the wilderness  where london stood , holding the wolf in chace ,  he meets some fragment huge , and stops to guess  what powerful but unrecorded race  once dwelt in that annihilated place . 
  edit : i 've always liked smith 's version more . 
  :p here 's shelley 's for good measure :  i met a traveller from an antique land  who said : `` two vast and trunkless legs of stone  stand in the desert . 
  near them , on the sand ,  half sunk , a shattered visage lies , whose frown ,  and wrinkled lip , and sneer of cold command ,  tell that its sculptor well those passions read  which yet survive , stamped on these lifeless things ,  the hand that mocked them and the heart that fed :  and on the pedestal these words appear :  ` my name is erdogan , king of kings :  look on my works , ye mighty , and despair ! ', 
   nothing beside remains . 
  round the decay  of that colossal wreck , boundless and bare  the lone and level sands stretch far away, 
  in the netherlands any change to our constitution , the ' [ grond ] ( http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/grond ) wet ' , has to have a [ 75 % majority in both houses of parliament and has to be signed by the king ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/onderwerpen/grondwet-en-statuut/inhoud/herziening-grondwet ) . 
  edit : our constitution has [ 130 articles ] ( http://wetten.overheid.nl/bwbr0001840/2008-07-15 ) . 
  good luck trying to guillotine someone in . nl . 
   that money is intended for the refugees , not as a bribe to erdogan . 
  the road to erdogan 's bank accounts is paved with good intentions . 
  that 's a bit of a leap . 
  either all referendum or we 're doomed to government overreach ? 
  i personally think our ( dutch ) system is fine the way it is . 
  we 're a powerful economy and co-dependants with both germany and france as well as the u.k. , which gives us a real voice in the eu . 
  we also have proportional representation , no pass-the-post election shit or a small hegemony of parties like in the uk or \\* shudders \\* the u.s. . that means our voices are more likely to be heard at a european level in the negotiating boardrooms when deals are made . 
  it 's turned out reasonably okay for us so far . 
  not necessarily . 
  there are a lot of moroccan migrants who , after building up state pensions in the netherlands , moved back to morocco and now live as kings . 
  recently the dutch government threatened to cut off that money stream all together if the moroccan government did n't want to renegotiate its earlier made bilateral treaties . 
  shock and awe in casablanca . 
  they caved , of course . 
   it should be granted like it 's granted to countries worse than turkey no . 
  it should n't be granted to any of them . 
  including turkey . 
   if not -- i guess germany and sweden will have to share at least half million or more in the long run mostly male refugees this summer . 
  you think that erdogan 's going to forego the 3 billion in aid we 're sending him every year to repatriate the refugees and help in their upkeep ? 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  he 's getting kickbacks from that pot somehow . 
  it used to be . 
  now it looks like erdogan is more than turkey . 
  let 's see what turkey does now . 
  i 'll bet erdogan 's not willing to give up the 3 billion a year we 're passing over to turkey to keep the refugees . . 
  so you want to loose out on the money we give you to keep them there , as well as the 3 billion euros we give you in aid every year ? 
  fine by me . 
  you screw us , we 'll screw you right back . 
  and do n't start with the ` omg but you didnt give us visa free travel ! ' .
