  2/3rds of a parliamentary vote is a well established limit in most constitutional democracies to change a fundamental law , such as the constitution or make any major amendments across multiple disciplines . 
  saying 66 % is arbitrary is just not true . 
  and if the shoe was on the other foot i 'd expect exactly what i 'm seeing from remain ; which would be the leave campaign trying to ensure that their voices are still heard through parliament rather than through an un-elected government run by the successor of the coward who ran away when it did n't go his way and to keep doing their best to get their constituents ' views represented . 
  the people have spoken , but it was n't a very strong voice . 
  now it 's time to see what can be salvaged out of the mess created by this debacle of your own making . . and disenfranchising half of the electorate by ignoring their voice is just about the worst way to do it . 
  `` bond '' , m said with chagrin in his voice `` you have to stop drinking '' . 
  bond raised a plucked eyebrow at the senior civil servant . 
  `` surely i 'm not that much of a lush ? '', 
  both of them paused until the chortling from behind the padded door had finished and ms. moneypenny had quite managed to compose herself . 
  it 's the budget . 
  every martini you drink costs the tax payers an nhs a&e ward . 
  in any case , we have a new assignment for you . '', 
  bond frowned in mild irritation at his nemesis ' resurgence . 
  he was sure he had eliminated him for the final time a year ago in gibraltar . 
  m shook his head sadly . 
  `` i 'm sorry , bond . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  we need you to steal cigarettes from the french and smuggle them from calais to dover . 
  we 've run out . '', 
  cameron also gave his word that article 50 would be triggered straight away . 
  we know now how worthless his promises were . . why would you expect any different from the rest of the conservative party ? 
  also , 52 % is not a very solid majority , especially considering the amount of blatant lies that were peddled by the leavers and the pro-leave media . 
  if 2/3rds of the electorate had voted to go you would have a case . 
  now you just seem sore winners because only half the country agrees with you . 
  i do . 
  fuck the salty shit . 
  caramel flavour for the win . 
  while i agree with your post , if ni and scotland leave the uk would england alone retain a unsc seat ? 
  seems unlikely . 
  you 're right . 
  a wet rat outclasses trump in pretty much every aspect . 
   they only want democracy if it goes there way . 
  their . 
  edit : you 're a good man . 
   whatever happened to the class of politicians who were sympathatic , charming , intellectual , ambitious and steadfast ? 
  do they all go to the private sector , or do these people just not exist anymore ? 
  they never existed . 
  people always point to the past , wondering why things are so bad today when in reality nothing has changed . 
  of course he does n't . 
  because it never happened . 
  crybullies . 
   uk : we 're leaving !, 
   eu : why ? 
  what 's wrong ? 
  what can we do ? 
   uk : hands over a stupidly long list of minor changes . 
   eu : we can do some of these  uk : we 're leaving anyway  eu : we 're shocked . 
  but okay . 
  your decision . 
  these are the rules you agreed on for an exit . 
   uk : we want everything we had given to us before , even though we 're going . 
  you 're leaving . 
   uk : waaaaaaaaaah unfair !, 
  where 's my trade deal ? 
  you 're being meanies !, 
  this a thousand times over . 
  british politicians and their media master ( s ) have used the eu as a scapegoat for years and the british public keeps falling for them hook line and sinker . 
  every fucking time . 
  there 's even an eu blog that lists the lies the british come up with . 
  [ here 's another ; an a-z index ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/ ) . 
  i 'm positive that is only a small sample . 
  and then they wonder why we 're all sick and tired of them . 
  trust and goodwill are valuable commodities in europe . 
  britain is fast running out of both . 
   in a speech he delivered in brussels last week mr bukovsky called the eu a `` monster '' that must be destroyed , the sooner the better , before it develops into a fullfledged totalitarian state . 
  this guy is legitimately insane . 
  well , since the netherlands plans to remain part of europe it follows that their decisions on eu policy are to be taken seriously . 
  how would that work ? 
  put your cock in a boiling hot cuppa tea and then wipe it on someone 's face ? 
  i see a lot of accident and emergency visits in their future . 
  i 'd almost say britain is starting to become fundamentally incompatible with the rest of the eu . 
  let 's list a few - human rights ( let 's be honest . . those rendition flights did n't fly themselves , lads and theresa may wants to ban encryption ) - espionage on allies ( everybody does it - except the uk and the us do it most and invade everyone 's privacy instead of just the people they should be spying on . 
  also see the uk opt-out of the afsj ) - eu army ( been in the news this week . . 
  the uk does n't want to be in europe but still wants to tell europe what to do ) - press accountability ( there is no way in hell the press would 've been able to get away with what they got away with in most if not all eu countries ) - schengen and the free movement of labour as well as goods ( brexit ) - all justice and criminal legislation in the eu ( treaty of amsterdam , anyone ? 
  that 's because your press is shit ) - the emu ( not the euro , but the framework we use to integrate our economies further ) and many . . , many ... many more . 
  yeah . . like putin was ` invited ' into crimea . 
  since 1688 . 
  the dutch successfully invaded britain , deposed the king and installed our own . 
  fun fact : the orange order is our fault . 
  we still have tanks ? 
  i thought we sold them all . 
  everyone always says libya is a fiasco , but keeps forgetting that at the time the british and the french lead the campaign and while america 's public was very reluctant to intervene trump was literally braying for boots on the ground . 
  so yes . 
  tefllon hillary _ might _ be corrupt ( the proof is very circumstantial and nothing seems to stick to her ) , but compared to trump she 's the rational actor and a whole lot more devious to boot . 
  now tell me who you 'd want facing purin/lavrov at the un or building a coalition of nations to do something about north korea when they finally overstep the mark ? 
  edit : the trump downvote brigade 's at it again ; no substantial counter argument . 
  just downvote and hope nobody notices the post . 
  typical . 
  they 've completely fucked themselves . 
  it makes me incredibly sad and dejected . 
  sure . . some industries will benefit from low wages because their employment costs are the biggest factor in their production process but the majority will be shit out of luck . 
  petrol prices are up , food prices are up , businesses are starting to pass the increased material costs to their customers as most things are imported . 
  it 's going to be horrible for those stuck at the bottom of the ladder . 
  still . . a good object lesson for the rest of us : no referendums about the eu or the euro please . 
  geert wilders can fuck right off with his anti-eu stance . 
  we worked way too hard to fuck up our economy like the brits did . 
  hillary is going to wipe the floor with putin . 
  notable factors are i think ... - european leaders will be extatic not to have trump , but a rational centrist in the white house , securing nato 's stability and rallying them around hillary . 
  - russia has been supplying trump and wikileaks with intelligence in this election , cementing hillary 's opinions against him . 
  - russia has been cooperating with regimes like north korea and syria .
