  as ex-secretary of state that 's got ta hurt , particularly when you 've been invested in global politics as long as she has been . 
  it 's going to be a looong winter in russia . 
  the pound is acting as the official opposition to may 's brexit foibles . 
  all the government has to do to keep the pound steady is not fuck about and negotiate a soft brexit . 
  for those that do n't know :  november 15 -- theglorious revolution begins : william of orange lands at torbay in britain with a multinational force of 15,000 mercenaries . 
  he makes no claim to the british crown , saying only that he has come to save protestantism and to maintain english liberty , and begins a march on london . 
  the dutch are the only country to successfully invade the uk . 
  and we 'll do it again if we have to . 
  what . . teflon hillary ? 
  she seems to survive everything thrown at her and has managed to turn it to her advantage . 
  she 'll do just fine , methinks . 
  i think the choice america faces is ruthless vs feckless in this election cycle . 
  mad respect for you guys , seriously . 
  nicola sturgeon seems like the only qualified and dare i say it - sane - politician in the whole of the u.k. now . 
  you might not agree with her stance on everything , but goddamn , her stance on protecting business from the excesses of the tory ` government ' was commendable . 
  it takes decades of cultivating your idiocy to regain a stereotype like that . 
  your best bet is to move to the uk and catch some of that idiocy off them and re-introduce it into your ecosystem . 
  trump looks less and less likely to be able to get enough votes to become president ... whereas farrage and boris managed to hoodwink the british public . 
  the stereotype of the idiot american now has a serious contender . 
  i disagree . 
  the british public has sanctioned government after government eroding the image of the eu for their own gain / as a scapegoat for their failed policies as well as enabling the conservatives and their media to get away with using a referendum to consolidate power using lie after lie . 
  this farce has been decades in the making and the british public is in no way blameless . 
  they brought it onto themselves and i for one have zero sympathy , even for the remain camp . 
  their lackluster support of the eu and the total apathy in response to all the lies was telling . 
  this is a good thing . 
  a higher european gdp means a bigger internal market . 
  avarice unites us all . 
  is this now a thing ? 
  damn facts getting in the way of good banter . 
  it 's okay though ; their beer and chocolate is shit too . 
  no surprise . 
  belgium is run like a third world bureaucracy with walloniers and vlamingen at each others throats , carving out little fiefdoms for themselves and their petty tribal instincts . 
  the americans have a good word for them : crybullies . 
  i guess that for him apple products did n't cut the mustard . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  i say you 're not getting enough . 
  poland getting money from the eu benefits all of us . 
  poland is a big country , so the better poland is doing the more we 'll be able to export to poland and the stronger our mutual economic area will be . 
  poland stronk should be a main goal of the eu . 
  india is just around the corner . 
  even the u.s. is closer . 
  why would an australian company import those from further away and accrue more transport costs ? 
  you 've got to keep the mps drunk enough to vote for the government 's hair braided schemes . 
  you 're not self hating . 
  we 're a very insular country . 
  just look at our supermarkets vs those of * every * other country . 
  no diversity . 
  that 's partly due to the fact that we 're very resistant to outside influences and very attached to our peculiar ways . 
  it 's slowly changing though . 
  if there 's one accurate stereotype of us dutchies that 's true os that the only real principle we wo n't compromise on is making money ... and there 's more money in diversity, 
  which we europeans own [ quite a significant slice of ] ( https://www.wired.com/images_blogs/wiredscience/2010/09/arctic-territory3.jpg ) . 
  thanks , denmark and norway . 
  crybaby kingdom . 
  i love it . 
  it perfectly represents how the uk crybullies its way through anything the eu proposes as well as the uk media 's infantile lies and why the british public keeps falling for them . 
  also , we finally know what the cbe actually stands for . 
  crybabies of the british empire . 
  why after years of abuse ukaliens have n't stormed parliament yet is beyond me . 
  `` we noticed '' - the rest of europe, 
  it 's funny you 're getting downvoted . 
  the bbc has been running scared for the tory threats to their income for years , but it can do no wrong , according to most brits . 
  nobody talked about the flooding in england , large scale protests are ignored in favour of the tory led government and is n't it just oh so convenient that when things like government surveillance laws are renewed , pedos in rotherham and parliament are discussed that the bcc suddenly points its fingers at some celebrity who was caught with his pants down . 
  the bbc has become a shitty tool for whatever government is in power to distract from real issues . 
  trump , china , putin , the eu . 
  pick the most rational actor of the four . 
  on next week 's episode : can poland into space ? 
  find out when the series continues . 
  only on eu-tv . 
  which is n't surprising , considering the size of poland . 
  personally i think the eu should pump a ton of money into poland ; get the eastern regions up to speed with a sort of marahall plan . 
  we would all benefit from another strong market in the eu to counterbalance germany and france . 
  besides , the poles are terribly hard workers . 
  they deserve to sit at the big boys table . 
  like boris johnson , but more orange , then . 
  i hate to say it , but being pushed to the front of the queue by the pure necessity of at least one major power as rational actor on the world stage might actually be a good thing for european foreign policy . 
   background/race is the last thing people would bully you about [ that 's ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/life/the-shocking-reality-of-racist-bullying-in-british-schools/ ) [ not true ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/aug/12/racism-schools-government-reforms-targets ) . 
  and while the amount of bullying overall might 've dropped , the playground culture has n't changed . 
  my nephew goes to a school where he was relentlessly bullied for being above average intelligence and actually caring about his schoolwork as well as being ` not english enough ' , e.g. 
  a foreign looking u.k. citizen . 
  til chav schoolyard bullying not changing equates to the uk not changing . 
  oh come on . 
  my wife is half swiss and was bullied relentlessly over the many years in english schools for being a nazi . 
  if you 're trying to imply that there has been any change in the dominant chav culture in english schoolyards since the 80s i 'm going to call you out on your clear lack of knowledge about the english education system . 
  i 've not heard of that movie . 
  any good ? 
  in the netherlands it 's public drunkenness . 
   they fit right in . 
  you mean nobody right now . 
  i 'm convinced that if trump becomes the next president we 'll be seeing the implosion of the u.s. as a global superpower and nato as a security guarantor . 
  the eu will have to deal with another bush situation . . and i 'm not convinced we will want to go along with the u.s. when the inevitable foreign policy blunders start again . 
  wait . . so these women were tied directly to the terrorists from earlier this summer and they managed to not be under surveillance , acquire the gas cannisters and drive it next to a landmark ? 
  the french security services are a fucking joke . 
  i always thought wallonie was just a giant wine center . 
  is n't that already the case ? 
  i thought it was a case of both . 
  loopholes everywhere and if there is n't one break the rules using sub-sub-sub-contracting to hide where the money is going . 
  if the japanese can make their old buildings earthquake proof so can italy . 
  it 's a matter of spending money and there is no money if half of it goes into the pockets of the local mafia whenever a building contractor has to hire local builders or get an approval through the local council bureaucracy . 
  i think it 's a critique of italian building codes being shit because of corruption . 
  which is something we do not want .
