  companies have an obligation to the society they do business in . 
  one of these obligations is paying taxes . 
  making deals like that makes that social contract unenforceable . 
  i 'll bring the mead !, 
  not going to happen . 
  the other eea nations will need significant concessions from the uk for them to even consider this . 
  uklians . 
  perfect . 
  boris needs to normalize relations with the eu and his own country first , me thinks . 
  it 's almost as if an external threat has united the eu . 
  there is a german song whose lyrics are ' [ holland is the best city in the world ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drfsxlchrwc ) ' , while showing only amsterdam in their video clip . 
  you could feel coronary arteries contracting and veins throbbing on foreheads all over the netherlands when that came out . 
  edit : oh and i forgot the french flag they keep waving in the video , as well as saying netherlands sounds like defeat in german and inferring that we 're ballerinas on the pitch . 
  brilliant trolling . 
  edit 2 : also , not paying prostitutes in amsterdam as the refrain . 
  edit 3 : it also gave us [ this gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rler7ft.gifv ) . 
  this music video just keeps on giving . 
  that 'd be  your country , your soil , your law . 
   my choice, 
   jan 2018 since we 'll be well into the brexit negotiations by then ( at least i bloody hope so ) , i would n't count on passporting to be allowed in the u.k. until they sign on the dotted line when it comes to the eea ( or stay in completely ) . 
  i can foresee the u.k. loosing passporting for months at least , forcing banks to relocate at least temporarily to the ` new world ' , causing significant damage to the u.k. banking industry . 
  counting on mifid ii to save your ass is n't a viable strategy . 
  mifid ii has n't been implemented across the eu yet , so i do n't see how the uk will even benefit from it , regardless of the fact that mifid still requires and upholds passporting . 
  it tells you all you need to know about the british government and the telegraph . 
  my god , the delusions of brexiteers are astounding . 
  there is no way we 'll allow the bulk of financial services of the eu to be done outside of eu control . 
  no way . 
  you either accept this and remain part of the eu 's common market or you can go eat a spotted dick . 
   interestingly , while 14 % of people on zero hour contracts did n't work in the week before their lfs interview , neither did 10 % of people who were n't on zero hour contracts . 
  lol . 
  bloody skivers . 
  ^ / s  i imagine those surveys went something like this . 
   `` so , you have a job ? '', 
   `` yes ''  `` did you go to work this week ''  \\* turns red \\* `` no '', 
  that 's an interesting cultural and socio-economic difference between the u.k. and italy . 
  i 'm sure your exquisite weather does n't hurt either  i 'm guessing that as the eu grows economically that ` festivity-time ' will expand . 
  anecdotal : my boss is going on holiday in september to avoid the crowds . 
  say he goes to italy , it 'll keep a few people employed just that bit longer than if he had chosen the middle of the main tourist season . 
  cool man . 
   thanks for the explanation . 
  this is really interesting , tbh . 
  i looked it up , and that 's allowed here as well . 
  we 're pretty big on the whole part-time work contracts here in . nl , though 0 hour contracts are discouraged and [ heavily regulated to prevent misuse ] ( http://www.allesoverhr.nl/themas/juridisch%20-%20nul-urencontract%20%20wat%20mag%20wel%20en%20wat%20mag%20niet.aspx ) , apparently . 
  you 're not allowed to work 0-hour contracts if you work in healthcare . 
  also things like a mandatory minimum of 3 assigned work hours a month . 
  translated ...  the first six months the employer will pay the employee the number of hours worked for , but after that he gets more rights . 
  the employee will , after six months , get pay even if he can not come to work because of reasons outside his or her control . 
  edit : tl ; dr : 0-hour contracts in the netherlands are not illegal except in healthcare , but are discouraged and employers are on the hook . 
  i see . 
  i was pretty much mis-informed then . 
  i was under the impression you were at the beck and call of the employer with very little flexibility on the employee-side of things . 
  cheers for that . 
  is n't it that you do n't really have a say in the flexibility ? 
  you 're basically at the beck-and-call of the employer , as far as i understood . 
  if the employer calls you right now and says you work tomorrow , you work tomorrow . 
  if you ca n't they 'll find someone else who can . . and if it happens too much they stop calling you . 
  or am i misinformed ? 
  edit : i am misinformed . 
  there 's good money to be made . 
  which cases ? 
  not the netherlands . 
  those contracts are illegal here . 
  edit : they 're not illegal , except for the healthcare-sector . 
  however they are [ actively discouraged and employees get more rights after 6 months , though ] ( http://www.allesoverhr.nl/themas/juridisch%20-%20nul-urencontract%20%20wat%20mag%20wel%20en%20wat%20mag%20niet.aspx ) . 
  we 'll have to bring back the germans as the evil villains again . 
  it 's such a knock-on effect too . 
  a guy who looses his job in a tech company wo n't buy that expensive shampoo . 
  he 'll buy that cheapo stuff because he wants to eat this month . 
  shopkeeper sees his income go down and fires the 45 year old ex-machinist who 's trying to make ends meet for his family by sweeping the shop . 
  he then goes home , sits down , reads the sun and then blames the immigrants and the eu . 
  i wonder if it 's because she thinks she 's about to unleash an economic recession and it 's going to fuck people in the ass so hard it 's best to start getting on their good side now rather than later . 
  i think that might be exactly where we 're heading . 
  the eu will be hoping to calm the markets as the full impact of brexit starts impacting both the eu and the uk . 
  they 'll want a clean solution which is acceptable to all parties while not rewarding the uk . 
  eea might be the perfect buffer . 
  norway and ( maybe ) iceland may get a more favourable deal if they agree to a quick uk accession while the uk retains a form of access to the eu single market which everyone can live with . 
  maybe i 'm being optimistic , though . 
  there 's a lot of wrangling to be done . 
  they 're easy to spot ... being all up on their tall platforms and all . 
  hell yes . 
  edit : hell yes !, 
  yes . 
  but not people who like anchovies on their pizza . 
  i always vote for my waterschap . 
  it 's the most important election . 
  i second this . 
  raw fish eaters of europe , unite !, 
  i 'm holding onto my seat clenching my buttcheeks so tight i could make a hydraulic press jealous at this point . 
  with global warming melting greenland 's ice sheet , flooding all over the world , the great bleaching of the barrier reef , brexit , china getting uppity in south asia , russia , ukraine , refugees , isis attacks and the casual bombing of an airport or two ... and then trump . 
  i just hope this ride will end without my kids suffering the consequences down the line . 
  please do n't elect him . 
  pretty please . 
  and investment has ground to a halt . 
  there 's fears of the construction industry grinding to a halt in 6 months when a lot of contracts for new projects are due to be finalized . 
  the ones already funded may have trouble getting extensions on their budget if they run over time . 
  expect a lot of angry builders . 
  what do you call an doctor with only 55 % on his duodoctor tests ? 
  a doctor . 
  maybe it 's like wahabi islam where you have to say article 50 three times to their face for it to become a legally binding divorce . 
  let 's hope his periods are n't monthly .
