  and they say european integration is not a success . 
   covered in jam libyan organic home made jam . 
  do n't forget to bring your own cutlery to the party . 
  i hope for the uk that it will be fast and it will be equitable and wo n't be what many are predicting : the u.s. taking advantage of the u.k. 
  still . . trade deal or no [ it wo n't compensate for the losses the u.k. will endure without a trade deal with the eu ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/brexit/2017/05/22/global-trade-cant-replace-the-value-of-the-eu-single-market-for-the-uk/ ) . 
  there are only three people on reddit . 
  you , me and gallowboob . 
  i love / u/gallowboob . 
  he 's always posting interesting stuff and once when i was going through a rough time that injection of gallowboob humor really helped . 
  i messaged him to thank him and he actually responded . 
  i had n't expected that . 
  thanks again , gallowboob !, 
  \\* final fantasy battle music starts playing \\*, 
  just like trump then . 
  lost all good will and credibility . 
  i believe parliamentary elections are in 2018 ... ? 
  indeed . 
  which is why the negotiations are so important not just for the sake of trade . 
  the ft and the economist both did very in-depth reporting of the assets and liabilities of the uk within the eu . 
  i was trying to indicate that it works in single issue negotiations , rather than an intricate extraction and disentanglement of interests . 
  like pulling hard on a knot , tightening it , rather than unravelling . 
  play hardball on one issue and the negotiations over another issue will be tougher . 
  except that only works when you 're bartering . 
  not when you 're negotiating a messy divorce . 
  tell that to theresa may and the idiots clammoring to get an impossible deal . 
  by quite a bit , actually . 
  according to [ many articles ] ( http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2017/02/brexit-big-lie-uk-could-have-reduced-eu-immigration-by-82-under-eu-rules.html ) and the whitepaper published by the government up to 82 % . 
  it would have allowed the u.k. to reject applicants for benefits if they had n't had a job in the u.k. before and would have limited their stay in the u.k. if they could n't find work . 
  bur facts do n't matter if they do n't fit with your perception of reality , right ? 
    hey . . you decided to leave . 
  not the eu . 
    the eu decided for us when it told us that we 'd have to leave if we wanted to decrease eu immigration . 
  it 's been proven over and over again that the reason your immigration is so high is that the british governments did n't implement all the rules and regulations available to them to stop eu immigration . 
  you 're either delusional or lieing . 
  hey . . you decided to leave . 
  not the eu . 
  it 's up to you and not the eu to pay what you owe and if you want access to our markets you 'll have to agree to arbitration by our courts . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  aw :( let me assure you we 're not all horks . 
  the dutch can be very direct , are often stingy and might seem a bit insular as well . 
  rest assured . . most of us are lovely , though , 
  you attract the dutch ? 
  the irony is in the fact that even if the u.k. was n't going to pay that 100bn and pinky swore and double promised to spend it on the nhs they would n't . 
  i thought you guys learned from your mistakes . 
  [ we will never be underwater . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/7o8n5phoyjny.png ), 
  you do n't even see the irony in agreeing with that ? 
  brexiteer logic : that wo n't happen . 
  and if it does it wo n't be that bad and if it is it 's not a big deal and if it is that 's not our fault and if it was the companies did n't mean it and if they did ... remainers deserve it . 
  `` let 's remove ourselves from the genepool of successful western economies '' \\ - theresa `` darwin award '' may, 
  it 's okay , canada . 
  we 'd love sharing this honor with our friends across the pond . 
   let 's call it a joint victory . 
  wow . . that 's a gigantic cliff edge . 
  that does not bode well for the next few years for the brits . 
  i love the polish . 
  you guys had a shit history . . but every time you picked yourselves up , stuck up your middlefingers to your erstwhile conquerors ( usually either germany or russia ) and rebuilt . 
  not once . 
  not twice . 
  many times . 
  we need raw stubbornness like that sometimes . . and i 'm glad in the eu 's case it 's those nutcases from poland who can provide it . 
  edit : thanks for the gold , my anonymous polish friend . 
  may your bigos be tasty evermore !, 
   refugees would quickly stop acting like shits if there were consequences . 
  ** they 're not refugees . 
  ** stop comparing people who actually have to flee for their lives to economic migrants . 
   `` a compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes he has the biggest piece '' . 
  i 'd rather say that a compromise is the art of understanding you all win if everyone has a say in the process . 
  not hoodwinking eachother into believing that you are the one pulling the wool over everyone else 's eyes . 
  yeah . . the ijsselmeer is fucking choppy even in the best of conditions . 
  the north sea is worse . . but the channel is brutal . . especially with north-eastern winds funnelling all the water down from scotland and . nl through there . 
  i would n't want to be caught out in that in even a mild squall . 
  the title makes me laugh . 
  if you take two mates to the border of be , nl and de in limburg you could make a human chain spanning all 3 countries as well . 
  so . . never then . 
  true story , mate . . not making it up  they were being a bit overly dramatic though . 
  also , i can imagine dutch people being over excited when enjoying the mountains . 
  you tend to enjoy what you ca n't have easily . 
  consequently skiing is a magical sport to us . 
  `` so you mean you can actually go down a hill ? 
  on these slats ? 
  and not die ? 
  this i got to see ! '', 
  norway is awesome , btw . 
  when are you guys finally going to join the glorious eu ? 
  dutch guy here . 
  true story : when i married my wife our wedding was in basel , switzerland . 
  my mom and sister complained of `` not breathing properly '' and `` low oxygen '' at an altitude of maybe 300m . 
  i laughed pretty hard at that . 
  not surprising as we are swamp germans according to my german friends . 
  im so glad we got you guys in the eu . 
  eu can now even more into space . 
  we ca n't only kick out imams who preach hatred , though . 
  the netherlands is spending serious amounts of money countering extremism by investing in low-income areas and sponsoring social programs that engage vulnerable communities and individuals . 
  we can do more though . . we can police foreign sponsoring of religious organisations more and i also like [ the german idea ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/germany-mosque-liberal-islam-berlin-626957 ) of sponsoring and promoting mosques that allow men and women and sunni and shia to pray together . 
  edit : added link . 
   i 'm sure it will be done properly in the end i used to think that the british government and civil service were competent . 
  then i actually moved to britain and i quickly learned otherwise . 
  they 've been gutting their civil service for so long i 'm surprised there 's any left . 
  this is actually a pretty good idea .
