  looks like a reddit hug of death , lol . 
  edit : i restarted the api . 
  should be back to normal now . 
  nope . 
  javascript all the way . 
  thanks  allow me to nerd out for a second . . everything is written in javascript . 
  i use angularjs for the front-end , and wrote my own little frameworks for the back-end . 
  the backend consists of a custom worker framework built in nodejs running two worker processes ; one for rss feeds and one for twitter feeds . 
  that then funnels into my database which the [ nodejs/socket . io api ] ( https://github.com/cgraamans/sockey ) munches on . 
  i use aes encryption to encrypt the traffic to and from the api , with a key being negotiated between the front-end and back-end . 
  similarly , i use sha256 to encrypt all passwords . 
  the login is all token-based and timed , so it 's pretty secure . 
   i 'll release the source code soon if you 're interested in seeing how it all ties together . 
  the sql queries are a bit insane . 
  i made nspider.net because while reddit is a great , great thing . . one of its strengths is also its weakness : user submitted content . 
  this takes user submitted news out of the equation and allows users to concentrate on the meat of the articles and issues discussed , rather than devoting time to determining if a story is genuine or not . 
  i hope you guys like it  edit : yes . . very much still very very beta . 
  expect errors . . it 's as much an experiment as a proper web service at this point . 
  edit2 : if you want to suggest a new news source i 'm missing out on , let me know . 
  i 'll consider any reputable news source , left or right wing . 
  edit3 : there might be some problems when it comes to navigation . . 
  i 'm working to fix that asap . 
  you can directly link to a country by going to http://www.nspider.net/country/&lt;country code  . 
  valid country codes are [ us ] ( http://www.nspider.net/country/us ) , [ uk ] ( http://www.nspider.net/country/uk ) , [ nl ] ( http://www.nspider.net/country/nl ) , [ fr ] ( http://www.nspider.net/country/fr ) , [ at ] ( http://www.nspider.net/country/at ) , [ ch ] ( http://www.nspider.net/country/ch ) , [ de ] ( http://www.nspider.net/country/de ) , [ eu ] ( http://www.nspider.net/country/eu ) edit4 : fixed . 
  well . . it was actually my wife who found it . . but she thought it was wtf worthy enough to give it to me to show to you lads . 
  so there you have it . 
  whichever pisses off the belgians most . 
  he 'll be doubly welcomed in nederland where we do that sort of thing just to piss off the belgians . 
  we have a bible belt ... 
  i thought that would 've been the vatican or luxembourg . 
  switzerland is rich . . but not obscenely rich like those two are . 
  edit : til . 
  switzerland and luxembourg have nearly the same gdp/pc ... and the vatican is n't even half that !, 
   i 'm sure the gop wo n't let that happen . 
  i 'm sure they will . 
  they are now finally in control of the senate , congress and the presidency . 
  i think they will let it go too far simply because they can get concessions from trump on any legislation that they come up with . 
  the majority of republicans are clearly in it for themselves first , party second and the rest can go fuck itself . 
  amateurs . 
   we conquered all of it and installed our own king . 
  also , we 're the only nation except for france to have successfully conquered britain . 
  i thought that involved invading africa and asia . . 
  now if they 'd just stop opressing their people at home , finally leave tibet , stop funding north korea and dumping cheap products and raw materials on our markets we could be the best of friends . 
  except he gets those death threats from islamists and not the `` left '' , which in . nl does n't exist like in the us or uk because we actually have representation by multiple parties in a coalition system . 
  nice try alt-right . 
  oh and in be4 volkert vd graaff because that was fucking years ago before cuntstain wilders was even around . 
  so we can send geert wilders to hungary ? 
  great plan . 
  where do i sign him up ? 
  some institutions ! = financial markets . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  he was a politician people voted for and believed in . 
  why would you alienate his supporters from society like that ? 
  they in their hearts know that the russian state will never ever have respect for them , and is actually out to get them and de-legitimize their feelings . 
  and they 're right , to be honest . 
  you know what the moscow council authorities and the kremlin _ should _ have done ? 
  created a small memorial where he died with a plaque commemorating his loss , that 's what . 
  that at least would have legitimized the state 's and the local council 's response in removing those ornaments . 
   he was prominent among tiny percent of population irrelevant . 
  look at the video and tell me that was handled with tact and respect ? 
  why is alienating a portion of your own population , your own countrymen such an accepted thing in russia ? 
   i bet more people disliked him than liked . 
  really ? 
  a prominent opposition leader was murdered in front of the kremlin . . in a country known for political assassinations and you dismiss his supporters as a minority , which is why they do n't deserve respect for their murdered politician . 
  who cares ? 
  the point is that he represented the people who believed in him and did the best he could to represent them . 
  and for that he was murdered in front of the kremlin . 
  a representative of the people deserves respect from the state . 
  period . 
  the disrespect a lot of russians show here is apparently matched only by their callousness when it comes to dismissing and enabling the actions of a regime which has damaged their and really all our lives to such an extent . 
  hey . . you 're part of ` us ' here , belg . 
  benelux bros forever . 
   desperate people cornered by their own constituents ca n't act well . 
  that 's the truth of it , mate . 
  at some point someone 's going to get really angry with the consequences of an inevitable bad deal and do something rash , i fear . 
  the idiotic thing is that at the moment , with teresa may having opted for a hard brexit stance even before the negotiations have started , parliament in the uk has no choice to vote for either the deal they 'll be handed by the eu or going full retard on wto rules , which would damage the u.k pretty badly . 
  not to mention how leaving the eu with a hard brexit is going to decimate the profits of banks in england . . considering 80 % of eu forex transactions go through canary wharf . 
  edit : what i 'm saying is people are going to be _ pissed off _ . 
  it 's the scene of the murder of a prominent and well-liked opposition leader , someone who in life and in death inflamed the passions of many . 
  that deserves a bit more respect than was shown there . 
  true . . the good friday agreements hinge on the echr providing an arbiter of last resort . 
  if the u.k. leaves the echr as they said they would and a hard border is suddenly something they want as well . . 
  things are going to get hairy . 
  i think you could shout it at the top of your lungs . . mainly because the english wo n't hear you . 
  they seem to collectively have their head up their asses . 
  the irish and the scots are our secret brothers . 
  nobody drinks or fries weird snacks like mars bars or bitterballen like we do . 
  considering that the uk is about to loose 10-20 % of funding in science because it 's leaving the eu , i would n't recommend that . 
  edit : as long as it 's not in [ alphen aan den rijn ] ( http://imgur.com/nldm0no ), 
  shameless plug for / r/the _ klaver . 
  the point is that the uk , after having to vote leave was seemingly tone-deaf to - the fact almost no countries were still in favour of turkey joining at that point in time . 
  - having a brexiteer and especially boris tell us a day or two after the leave referendum what he expected the eu to become was undiplomatic at best . 
  the general reaction here was `` wtf . 
  is he on drugs ? '', 
  i think he 's referring to how turkey 's possible accession was used to justify brexit by the leave camp and that one day after brits decided to leave the eu their newly minted foreign minister and prime brexiteer boris johnson declared that he would support turkey 's bid . 
  i 've got a grandfathered contract . . unlimited data and calls for about 10e a month . 
  on my birthday too . 
  what a lovely present . 
  it was a normal protest until he started using the police to kill protesters . 
  that was a stupid move .
