  i do n't know . . rich people get very tetchy about large amounts of their money going missing ... 
  vader is father in dutch , so i guess yannis 's vader is really his vader . 
  rumor confirmed . 
  yannis is luke skywalker . 
  as long as it 's itchy , auntie . 
  i could n't stand a comfortable christmas sweater of abominable horrors . 
  it just would n't be right . 
   you will all probably execute me now we would n't execute you , auntie . 
  we love your cookies too much . 
  i 'm wondering what hollande 's going to do . 
  he 's been far too quiet to not be in the background massaging things along . 
  the ecb , as far as i know , makes those decisions themselves and has to be a-political about those decisions . . but can not lend money to defaulting banks because risk . 
  that means even if they decide ` yes ' at board-level , they actually ca n't supply the banks until they 're underwritten by the entire eurozone as debt guarantors ( = 3rd bailout ) . 
  that 's part of the structure of the ecb and ca n't be changed as far as i understand it . 
  okay . . 
  i have to admit i 'm puzzled ... why the italian embassy ? 
  target of opportunity or has italy been supporting the government . . ? 
  it 's getting harder and harder to pin these idiots ' actions to a motive . 
  edit : uh . . not rationalize . 
  i ca n't english . 
  never going to happen . 
  the labor party is losing ground against basically all other left-wing parties the past few years for being very wishy-washy about their policies regarding immigration and budgets . 
  they 're in a coalition with the conservatives and have acceded to almost all their demands without putting up much of a fight for things they promised they would . 
  dijsselbloem becoming pm is about as likely as ed milliband 's chances last election . 
  salient fact : dijsselbloem is dutch , and from the labour party , not from the conservative party . 
  that says a lot about how the dutch percieve this situation in itself . 
  to all baltic friends : when you 've been to berlin , come visit us in the netherlands . 
  we 've got more hookers and blow than they have . 
  should n't have had that record on repeat all night , then . 
  not euros . 
  got a link ? 
  i wonder what 's going to happen once they exit the euro . . will they also be kicked out of schengen ? 
  what will happen to all the expats abroad if that happens ? 
  somehow it 's our fault though . 
  because we 're evil rich northern terrorist hitlers and want to keep the indentured greek stavros in his place as our economic slave . 
  dutch p.m. was _ pissed off _ yesterday , during parliamentary debate time . 
  his words were along the lines of :  i hope tsipras does n't come up with some bullshit story again . 
  he actally used the word bullshit story ( flutverhaal ) . 
  also , [ check out his body language ] ( http://www.zie.nl/video/politiek/rutte-athene-moet-niet-met-flutverhaal-komen/rvrzatjfegct ) . 
  that is one srsly pissed off dutchman . 
  is n't their trade deficit around 80 % ? 
  that 's going to be impossible to get rid of, 
  i mean mass starvation , like the [ hunger winter in the netherlands in ' 44 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_famine_of_1944 ) . 
  my dad and grandparents had to eat grass , bark and tulip bulbs to survive . 
  that is something we should never allow again . 
  that hangover is going to be epic . 
  omg . . my 8 dogecoins will be worth billions !, 
  they ca n't really say their real plan would be to leave the euro , if that 's the case , i think . 
  that 'd cause riots at banks when people realise the few left-over euros in their stocks will be worth maybe as much as twice the amount of drachmas to them tomorrow . 
  edit : i ca n't english . 
  time to go cold turkey then . 
  the ecb will most likely cut athens off tomorrow . 
  back to the drachma it is . 
  she lives 30m from the belgian border , so she 's seen vlaanderen pretty much every day . . 
  i think it must be the fumes from heavy industry in aachen . 
  if i have to deliver the cans myself , i will . 
  when you join you have to immediately opt out of the single currency or promise to implement it in the future at some point . 
  the rules are very strict on this . 
  if greece leaves the euro they will be breaking a host of treaties . 
  the eu will have little choice : kick the greeks out or make an exception ( lol ) . 
  we stepped into that steaming dogpile with open eyes . 
  it was either bail put the banks or loose them , crashing the euro and subsequently the entite global economy . 
  if greece votes no , they 're going to need this charity . 
  i 've been collecting canned goods for if the worst happens . 
  we ca n't allow starvation back into europe , no matter the cost . 
  322 meters high . 
  my mother claims that she runs out of breath because of the altitude . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  ... yet . 
  we can rebuild him . 
  we have the technology . 
  how so ? 
  edit : you seem sure of yourself , but have you got a link ? 
  so they 'll impose them on themselves instead ? 
  i really do n't see how greek people can support losing their entire banking system as well as all the other real-world consequences like having a suddenly devalued currency and no plan to implement it . 
  the greek people are in for a hell of a downward spiral , as far as i can see . 
  can someone explain to me why people are voting against necessary measures which are needed to keep the country supporting the lifestyle they 've grown used to ? 
  no . . we have a mountain !, 
  it must be the biggest mountain in europe at 322 meters above sea level . 
  even the swiss must be jealous, 
   the sharia triangle was made up by a journalist , who got fired for making things up and reporting it as news . 
  damn . . did n't know that  the name 's stuck though , i guess . 
  stupid it is . 
  they 're mostly 2nd and 3rd generation moroccans and others , whose parents came in the 60s and 70s . 
  their parents usually came here to work , but isolated themselves in their own communities , which the dutch government was only glad to allow . 
  consequently , they do n't feel represented in society . 
  that , coupled with low educational and employment prospects because of their language and cultural barrier , an ingrained distrust of authority , an emerging gang culture as well as religious fundamentalism makes a nice soup from which stupid people will gladly drink . 
  it 's the schilderswijk , also known as the `` shariadriehoek '' or the `` sharia triangle '' . 
  there 's a lot of disaffected muslim youths there and it 's not a nice neighbourhood to live in . 
  last year with the war in gaza there were also riots and chants of ` kill the jews ' on the streets . 
  are you drunk , stupid or a leftover of the brain drain ? 
  edit : part -  leftover . 
  how so ? 
  it 's all for you guys . 
  a good dealer does n't use his own product . 
  so you 're saying the imf agreement implemented by papadimos was unlawful ? 
  why was n't this tested in the courts ? 
   we did n't have a say in it - i never even voted for him . 
  that does n't matter . 
  your _ government _ made a commitment and _ you _ have no choice over the matter .
