  portugal already had a guy in a monkey suit on stage at eurovision . 
  david davis can fulfil that role at the eu negotiations , methinks . 
   then juncker , merkel and consortes will add another neoliberal sheep to the herd , fullsteam turning europe into a republican american clone . 
  that 's a bit much , mate . 
  we wo n't ever go that far down that road . 
  wo n't do much ... against the dutch . 
  not if it compromises our 4 freedoms . 
  no deal is better than a bad deal . 
  if only . 
  they 'd not be in this situation if they had taken some [ kenjataimu ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=kenjataimu ) . 
   britain 's hung parliament presents an opportunity to change the course of exit negotiations i 've never seen british politicians fail to turn an opportunity into a liability . 
  good luck , lads . 
  british foreign policy : do as i say , not as i do . 
  tabs are more efficient . 
  one character to remove per line when compiling or minifying versus many . 
  unless the developer does n't use indentation ... in which case they should be shot first before their code can spread . 
  i 'm guessing that it 's that there was a practice of drinking beer with lunch time for many years in companies . 
  i think that 's declined . 
  my father was in management at a german manufacturing plant in the early 80s and had stories of even truck drivers having a cold one for lunch sometimes . 
  if they can agree on one with d66 and gl there 's at least a chance the policies of the vvd and cda are offset by people that actually do care about the environment . 
    a backpack that belonged to the men was examined and destroyed in a controlled explosion by authorities but no dangerous contents or explosives were found in the bag or on board the aircraft , a police spokesman said . 
  `` sooo bob . . 
  i heard you were arrested . 
  no matter though ... because you managed to get the clients sales data though so we can start on the contract straight away . 
  right ? '', 
  `` ummmmm '', 
  the eu ca n't give her what she wants though . . not without destroying itself . 
  it 's genuinely like they do n't get that across the pond . 
  [ this is going to hurt them badly ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/brexit/2017/05/22/global-trade-cant-replace-the-value-of-the-eu-single-market-for-the-uk/ ) . 
  that is both funny and incredibly sad at the same time . 
  what 's more perfidious . . a british politician or a shit-flinging monkey . 
  place your bets now . 
  here 's the episode if anyone 's missed it : https://youtu.be/5scez5dqtac , 
  at this point they 're the alex jones of european media . 
  found the frenchman . 
  i 'm so glad i do n't live there anymore . 
  britain has changed so much in 10 years . 
  and it 's been a downward spiral . 
   with isis facing defeat in iraq many fighters will return to europe i hope we 're seeing the death-throes of radical islam in general . . all the bad apples starting to fall out of the tree . 
   frustrated about lack of progress towards paris climate targets ? 
  remember that businesses make and do whatever you pay for . 
  be considerate about the negative externalities of what you buy . 
  you are a good person . 
  yeah . . great . . an ad hominem attack wrapped in a shit-sandwich of an article . . ~ ~ someone ~ ~ nigel farage accusing the bbc of bias . . what a story . 
  edit : sorry . . 
  i somehow implied nigel farage is a person . 
  really ? 
  because this year [ tories were caught doing it ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/bbc-question-time-bias-tory-plant_uk_5915562ce4b00f308cf43291 ) . 
  and about the bbc being left wing ...  the chairman of the bbc trust is chris patten , a former conservative cabinet minister . 
  the bbc 's political editor , nick robinson , was once chairman of the young conservatives . 
  his former senior political producer , thea rogers , became george osborne 's special advisor in 2012 . 
  andrew neil , the presenter of the bbc 's flagship political programmes daily politics and this week , is chairman of the conservative spectator magazine . 
  his editor is robbie gibb , former chief of staff to the tory francis maude . 
  after the bbc 's economics editor stephanie flanders left for a # 400,000-a-year job at that notorious leftwing hotbed , jp morgan , she was replaced by its business editor robert peston . 
  his position was taken by kamal ahmed from the rightwing sunday telegraph , a journalist damned by the guardian 's nick davies for spinning government propaganda in the run-up to the iraq war . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/mar/17/bbc-leftwing-bias-non-existent-myth those are facts . 
  you can look those up . 
  unlike the rantings of whatever blogger or daily mail correspondent makes you ` feel ' better . 
  you 've got to be kidding . 
  give me one example that does n't include your grandfathers ' generation that has stood by the europeans as they have stood with you through all your misadventures . 
  protip : you ca n't . 
  the raw facts of the matter are that we jumped when you triggered article 5 after 9/11 . 
  if we were to trigger article 5 now your country would n't protect us because we did n't pay enough protection money . 
  you 're unreliable hypocrites . 
  oh fuck the hell off . 
  that 's a bare faced lie . 
  european troops were on the front lines next to american troops every time . 
  yes . . yes you did . 
  our troops fucking died to protect patches of uninhabitable land so your fucknut of a president didnt have to put more troops in theatre to get blown up by ieds , attacked by the fucking taliban or muqtadr al sadr or whoever and could get his croney buddies at haliburton fucking contracts over the backs of our dead . 
  you 're an asshole with no respect for our sacrifices in your wars . 
  there 's a difference between being a victim and playing a victim . 
  oh come on . . russia is the biggest crybully out there . 
  `` why you upset we invaded country we promised to protect when it gave up nukes ? 
  you make ivan cry ! '', 
  you get a stable world order with friends who , at the fucking drop of a hat , stand next to you and whose soldiers die next to yours when your asshat of a president starts another war . 
  we lost a lot of soldiers supporting your wars in vietnam , iraq , afghanistan and now syria . 
  so how about a little respect for our fallen by not fucking acting like you 're only doing us fucking favours ? 
  that 's what i meant with waffling some platitudes . 
   it going to be okay because i 'm going to do this thing which i ca n't and i 'm saying this only to make you feel better . 
  i saw that too . 
  on the same day le pen visited the same factory , waffled some platitudes , took some selfies and left within 15 minutes . 
   in september 2007 the french president nicolas sarkozy offered germany to participate in the control over the french nuclear arsenal . 
  chancellor merkel and foreign minister steinmeier declined the offer however , stating that germany `` had no interest in possessing nuclear weapons '' . 
  due to concerns over vladimir putin 's actions , merkel reversed her position , stating to the german press , `` as long as there are nuclear weapons in the world , we need to have these capabilities , as nato says . '', 
  france of course . 
  some sort of out of context remark about how we instinctively blame russians coming from a guy who thinks the ussr was a glorious nation ... what a surprise . 
  that 's the color we go when there 's sun . 
  it 's more like medium rare than fully cooked . 
  i think i found rene frogers ' reddit account . 
  time for germany to get nukes . 
  this is definitely my new desktop background wallpaper . 
  dutch people are allergic to bullshit . 
   all of them . 
  we fought at the battle of waterloo on the side of the allies with 30000 men and were instrumental in old nappies ' defeat . 
  that 's what matters . 
  dutch people love fighting incredible odds . 
  the spanish , the germans , the english , the french . 
  all tried . 
  all failed in the end . 
  i mean ... we 're still at war with _ nature _ and we 're not giving up anytime soon .
