  that 's ukraine . 
  no eurozone for you . 
  * gotterfunken intensifies *, 
  their proxies . 
  not there proxy 's . 
  i think the word you 're looking for is ` alzo ' , 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  everyone knows that talking about brexit makes people in / r/europe horny as fuck . 
  5 actually . . though one was that con-artist nun the current pope really likes . 
  my wife is english and if i really want to get under her skin i pretend everything she says is sarcastic ... `` oh you english with your sarcasm . 
  i know you really want to take the trash out yourself ''  she gets this cute throbbing vein on her forehead . 
  i love it . 
  still reads as satire . 
  brits are just too good at sarcasm for the rest of the world to know what the fuck you mean . 
  case and point : `` i could n't possibly have more '' . 
  this can mean `` no thanks '' , `` yes please but i do n't want to be rude '' or `` are you fucking kidding me ? 
  i want it all !!, 
  bloody confusing . 
  am i the only one who thinks that brussels spies sounds delicious ? 
  meh . . brexit caused a guy to have a heart attack , preventing him from fucking his wife and giving birth to a kid at exactly the right time for that kid enjoy a number of life events that will lead that little asshole to usher in the apocalypse . 
  this is the best reality . 
  i really love amsterdam , myself . 
  but it 's oh so expensive . 
  i live right on the outskirts of amsterdam zuid-oost now . 
  there 's plenty of space . . we 're on the edge of the utrecht/noord-holland border . . as well as access to the city when i need it . 
  it 's a pretty tight community ; much like a village or small town really , lol . 
  i used to commute to hilversum ( where the national broadcast center is ) from my house here and it 'd take me 45-50 minutes by public transport ; 10 minute walk , 15 minute metro ride to the station ( duivendrecht ) , 30 minutes ( or so ) train journey to hilversum . 
  utrecht is the next stop and there 's more intercities going to and from most stations because it 's a major hub . 
  so if you live on the outskirts of utrecht the journey time should be comparable if you work in the center of amsterdam or near one of the stations , 
   if i do n't mind the commute the commute 's a piece of piss . 
   i know i have the body but of a weak and feeble stockbroker ; but i have the heart and stomach of a king , and of a king of england too , and think foul scorn that the germans or pole , or any pauper of europe , should dare to invade the borders of my realm ; to which rather than any dishonour shall grow by me , i myself will take up my chair in the pub , i myself will be your populist , dictator , and rewarder of every one of your virtues in the field . 
  \\ - king nigel farage, 
  voted leave or remain and regret it ? 
  ^ ^ we 'll ^ ^ wait ^ ^ until ^ ^ your ^ ^ queen ^ ^ is ^ ^ dead ^ ^ and ^ ^ then ^ ^ re-populate ^ ^ your ^ ^ monarchy ^ ^ and ^ ^ fix ^ ^ your ^ ^ democracy . . ^ ^ just ^ ^ like ^ ^ last ^ ^ time . 
  it 's exactly the other way around . 
  freedom of movement but not freedom from the consequences of being part of a society ... which should be the task of government ( unless you 're british - in which case it seems to be `` fuck society only business matters '' ) . 
  if you 're caught violating labour law here your business is basically going to have to be very rich to absorb the damages . 
  you do get the occasional chancer , but they 're few and far between . 
  most small and medium businesses businesses want financial ~ ~ stability ~ ~ continuity . 
  in the netherlands the cao is industry wide . . 
  so even the self employed plumber is covered by a lawful legal and enforceable social contract between the industry representatives , unions and government ... as are any employees he is willing to take on as his business grows . 
  that cao also covers tariffs , so undercutting the competition has a floor . . you ca n't go below a certain minimum tariff for some services , which stops companies angling for cheap labour that way . 
  is it more expensive for consumers ? 
  marginally . 
  does it protect our economy from immigration being used as a wage supressor ? 
  hell yes !, 
   it 's interesting you blame the uk government for competition when a huge source is migration . 
  i certainly think tony blair deserves quite a bit of blame but you 're shrugging off responsibility . 
  that 's all i see in this sub nowadays , the eu is blameless and infallible and can do no wrong . 
  migration is a direct consequence of the uk government not enforcing fair wages across industries . 
  if you give employers the chance they will take advantage of lower wage job seekers , which in turn will attract more people to your country . 
  blair was your pm and part of the government . . 
  regardless of party . 
  it 's not the eu 's task to tell a country how to run their wage policies but those policies have a direct impact on migration . 
  the main reason we have less problems here on the continent is simplybthat we enforce industry standard wages . 
  we have polish plumbers . . and they get the same wages as a dutch plumber because that is the deal the unions , industry representatives and government made for that sector . 
  that 's called enforcing the social contract . . something the uk has consistently not made steps toward because of kowtowing to lobbying industry heads and having no enforcable comprehensive deal for each industry . 
  the point is the eu is blameless here . 
  thr migration issue is a uk problem , not an eu wide one . 
   more people = more competition = race to the bottom in prices = lower profits = lower wages ( note : competition can be good for consumers because of lower prices ) . 
  this happens in every industry eventually unless you continue to innovate . 
  hence the phrase ` businesses that lack imagination die ' . 
  when you innovate you create a new market rather than joining an established one so you get to a ) set the price and b ) establish a near monopolistic market share . 
  so you 're saying germany and the netherlands , france , denmark and austria are all monopolisticly oriented economies ? 
  seriously ? 
  as far as innovation , invention and social mobility go we 're definitely equal to the uk , if not better ( check out ppp , top investment cities in the eu and happiness indices and tax breaks across the eu for innovative startups ) . 
  you really do have a skewed view of the eu . 
  we have a cao , which sets industry standard wages for each industry , yes . 
  edit : this includes age-related minimum wage increases as well as pensions and overtime and such . 
  it is negotiated for by a threeway panel of industry representatives , government and unions for a number of years . 
   but of course there 's always a demand for people to work cheaper . 
  if you had the choice between a uk plumber and a polish plumber who will work for half the price , which would you go for ? 
  obviously the cheaper one . 
  hence there 's a demand . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  is it impossible for the uk to enact labour laws like in the netherlands or germany where wages are protected ( minimum wage ) ? 
  your government chose not to because ` competition is good for business ' as well as having a bunch of large investors angling for cheap labour by influencing government policy . 
  you 're blaming the eu for problems you create yourselves . 
  even if the pvv becomes the biggest party , none of its anti-eu issues will see the light of day . 
  the vvd , cda , pvda and the smaller parties like gl and d66 are all solidly pro-eu . 
  there 's just no way for geert to push through his agenda on leaving the eu if all the country 's other major parties are for staying . 
  geert and his geenstijl populists could try for a popular referendum again . . a referendum that would be explicitly non-binding . . which would be a protest vote at best as none of the parties would accept it . 
  after snowden published his story in the guardian gchq came by and made them smash up their harddisks . 
  well . . we have frontex now . 
  but the problem is those fuckers are already inside . 
  scotland needs to join the netherlands as a province . 
  we have so many things in common . . we drink like fish and fry anything we can too . 
  i 'd rather the eu compensates companies who loose out because of the sanctions . 
  russia should n't be let off the hook . 
  at all . 
   it was about immigration from countries that undercut wages and working conditions . 
  is n't this a fundamental misapprehension ? 
  afaik it 's your government who refused to create equal pay measures and at the same time cut taxes so that working conditions could deteriorate because there was no money for policing ? 
  every country in europe has had to deal with the influx of eu migrants but only britain managed to fuck it up so badly . 
  it 's a bit rich blaming the failing of your own government on others , i think . 
  true . 
  i meant to say the swiss were ready for negotiations to start right away . 
  edited . 
  that 's actually what happened / is happening . 
  the swiss , like the uk had a referendum on it .
