  big whoop . 
  that is how representative democracy works . 
  you vote in the politicians , the politicians vote on the laws and everyone abides by those laws . 
  this whole victim complex bullshit needs to stop . 
  have a sense of responsibility for your country as well as your neighbors for gods sake . 
  amsterdam reporting in . 
  can confirm . 
  drugs everywhere . 
   maybe that just makes me a bad poker player be that as it may , i think that would make you a wealthier poker player than mr. varoufakis would be . 
   there will be mass civil disobedience no there wo n't . 
  if brits as a people ca n't get angry enough about pedophiles at the highest level of government killing children and the complicity in torture by the security services there wo n't be mass disobedience about this either . 
   `` no , we 're not bugging you , merkel . 
  really . '', 
  hahahaha . 
   i want your drugs . 
  yeah . . but the hangover from taking those drugs and then finding out how things really are after reality hits . . ouch . 
   cut that debt and restructure so we can all gain some stability back , we 're not going to see the money back anyways . 
  not before the greek government fixes what caused the crash in the first place . 
  that 's why we 're stalled . . their inability to act vs our inability not to overreact . 
  i think he misunderstands the mood of northern europe re the bailout . 
  i agree . . greece has the choice between a rock and a totally hard place . 
  personally , i 'd choose the rock . . but it 's not my country . 
  if it was the netherlands i 'd want there to be a properly planned referendum where each party has the chance of campaigning properly for the issues so people understand what 's going on . 
  at the moment you have three unexplained narratives about the vote ; what the government says and what the eurogroup says . 
  i fear a lot of people are being hoodwinked into thinking that if they vote ` no ' , europe wo n't respond negatively and you can just keep negotiating . 
  i 'm on mobile , but we can check with uneddit.com i think . 
  i 'm having deja-vu as i was waiting on someone else to reply to me with an explanation . . but [ that was a different thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bfaqj/obamas_stance_on_greek_austerity_6_months_ago/csmeaje?context=3 ), 
  that actually was n't me you were replying to . 
  edit : can someone unedit the linked comment please . 
  i 'm on mobile and it 's driving me bonkers . 
  i 'm 99.99 % sure i did n't because i do n't ( check my comment history ) . 
  which post did i delete ? 
  edit : you ca n't name 'em because i do n't . 
  are you confusing me with someone else or are you intentionally accusing someone of lying with no proof ? 
  well . . it is their own dirty bathwater they 're sitting in . 
  are you going to tell me that if you borrow money you do n't have to pay it back if you ca n't afford it ? 
  because that is the history of the entire bailout ; greece lied to get into the euro , greece spent money that was n't theirs and that they full well knew could n't be repaid if things went badly . 
  banks took them and the feckless euro regulators at their word instead of looking at the numbers themselves . 
  that does n't make it the bank 's ` fault ' . 
  if you borrow money off someone by telling them you 're good for it and he declines to check , sure he 's a bit to blame . . but any court of law would make you pay up regardless because there was bad faith from your side . 
  who said they were innocent ? 
  have you ever heard of a bank giving out a loan on trust without first checking the numbers ? 
  you do seem hell-bent on absolving the greek government of near total responsibility for the fiasco that 's triggered what 's happened so far , though . 
  because before the financial crisis the german banks had good lending rates and trusted that the greek economy was as stable as the greek government said it was when they joined the euro under false pretenses . 
  with the `` fuck you , i got mine '' defense . 
  that 's how . 
  edit : the downvotes tell me this hits a bit too close to home . 
  not true . 
  the germans head our negotiations because they have the most money invested in greece . 
  if anything , the germans haave had to be more forceful because the dutch for example have been very much more hardline against a deal , as per person we 're in for about 750-800e of our tax money . . 
  which is greater than germanys exposure per capita . 
  let 's hope that the greek people take him up on that offer . 
  this . 
  this a 1000 \u00d7 over . 
  not only is he insulting germans by lumping them all together as some amorphous evil . . 
  he 's discounting the fact that it 's not just `` the germans '' who do n't trust the greek government anymore . 
  it 's a widening segment of the population of all european nations bar greece . 
  edit : a lot of greek apologists in this thread . 
   does n't matter to me . 
  reality does not have a pro-tsipras bias . 
  were n't the irish on germanys side in the first world war ? 
  all you have to do is ask nicely . 
  it 's funny you mention th u.s. as an example . . their presidents , senators , congressmen , secretaries of state have consistently interfered in the democratic pricesses of countries across the world . 
  wait . . people do n't already believe putin is a maffia don ? 
  under which rock are those people living ? 
  we ca n't do anything to the greeks that they have n't done to themselves already . 
  they 're kinda known for that , historically . 
  considering greece imports a lot , i wonder how long it will take before there 's only token amounts of euros left in the country . 
  it 's going to get ~ ~ ugly ~ ~ uglier . 
  ^ \\* ^ very ^ slowly, 
  imagine if economics were an exact science like physics ... 
  there 'd be 10 economists in the world , and all of them would still be at war with each other . 
  so the repairman for the drachma printing press can repair the press for drachmas that fall out of the drachma printing press that is being paid for by drachmas which are being printed to pay for the drachma . . got it . 
  edit : but what if the repairman falls ill ? 
  i think if it 's tested the european courts will knock this on its ass . 
  glorious !, 
  but what if the printing press seizes up ? 
  they ca n't print drachmas to pay for printing of drachmas with more drachmas if the drachma printing press ca n't print drachmas, 
  sounds like we should sanction you more often then . . , 
  they 'd have to implement the drachma first , which also costs a ton . 
  i wonder if they can defer payment in a currency on the implementation and printing of that currency ... 
  just like economists , then . 
  yeah . . but if it 's about if they can afford the referendum now , rather than how we got here . 
  money is in short supply . 
  yeah . . but a drone with a weapon on it needs to be pretty darn accurate . 
  i think people blame austerity for much of the downturn while basically it 's been the high euro that 's fucked with the greek chances of recovery , really . 
  dijsselbloem holds the power . 
  merkel is history . 
  ^ the ^ dutch ^ still ^ want ^ their ^ bicycle ^ back , ^ germans . 
  ^ we 're ^ coming ^ for ^ you . 
  expensive shit , especially when you have to replace the stuff you lost in the winter . 
  another domino . 
  i 'm wondering if greece will make it to the referendum now , considering it costs money to set one up . 
  yeah . . there 's no chance in hades for this in the netherlands either . 
  we 're having a massive political battle being waged as we speak about our new tax system , which nobody is happy with and which has been kept mostly secret because the main parties do n't want to alarm the general populace . 
  and then , having to bail out greece again coming in the middle of that ? 
  no chance . 
  yeah . . except they do n't have the infrastructure or a concrete plan for rolling out the new drachma yet . . 
  i wonder what 's going to happen in the next week . 
  it 's gon na be messy .
