  seeing all those journalists being pushed out and manhandled by the security forces there boils my blood . 
  where 's the outrage , guys ? 
  seriously ? 
  i love surprises ... oh . 
  wife carrying should be an olympic sport . 
  i do n't think you 're ` shit at them ' . 
  you 've got a lot of other sports to worry about and ` only ' 65 million people to play them . 
   and then you wonder why you sometimes loose against mono-sport countries . . more generally , i think the english are inventors at heart , not innovators . 
  you make the stuff , others improve on the stuff . 
  the amount of inventions from your island is staggering , compared to other countries . 
  that might be partially because of your empire and its resources . . but it 's also a mentality , a joy in creation . 
  tldr ; i love the brits . 
  [ fierljeppen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yp32iwoqjnq ) !, 
  seriously the coolest sport ever . 
  i miss-remembered that he actually ate the dog . . here 's the article . 
   the animal had to be assaulted with scissors and a knife to release it 's spirits , the man declared to police . 
  officers found the confused man naked and covered in blood in his van at the herengracht . 
  the car contained the slaughtered dog , bloody scisors and a knife . 
  the inside of the van was covered in blood spatter and scuffmarks . 
  the man stated he had used mushrooms and weed . 
  that 's why between 4 and 8 we call it the [ yellow river ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qj5-foibuvc ), 
  that was a brit . 
  there was another frenchman who parked his van on the dam and slaughtered and ate his own dog after taking shrooms . 
  the water can be freezing , and alcohol does n't help you when you 're hypothermic either . 
  steve hughes will explain [ the principle behind our health and safety ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bangyfnfz9i ) for you . 
  the dutch municipality of maastricht is also sueing . 
  not just the germans . 
  what a surprise . 
  my all time favorite is still frankie boyle . 
   his diana joke still gets me every time ...  i thought it was sad , you know , that they had that pop concert to commemorate diana . 
  i mean , she did n't have much to do with pop music , did she ? 
  they should 've done something that celebrated what was really great about her life : by staging a gangbang in a minefield . 
  i love russel howard . . with his wonky eye and his slightly off humour . 
  he 's great in [ mock the week ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-gpyhdvvpo ) as well . 
  hah . . is that a thing ? 
  i thought that if you put 200 poor farmer families from rural , traditional areas ( regardless of where in europe they come from ) in a barn , add beer and repeat for 100 years this is what you get . 
  [ here 's a list ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2016/01/alaaf_de_carnavalshits_van_201.html ) of some of the horrible/creative/bad / weird ones from this year . 
  dutch person here : over my dead 7 ' god-like body . 
  edit : i meant feet . 
  not inches . 
  we need more people like you . 
  that used to be the case . . sure . . but you ca n't tell me that after years and years of significant investment in integration , schooling and job schemes it 's still all ` the government ' or ` institutional racism ' . 
  fact is , the ones that do n't want to integrate wo n't integrate . 
  they 'll just sit and fester in delftshaven or amsterdam west . 
  mostly moroccans . 
  guaranteed . 
  the king of morocco sent us his ` best ' ; a disaffected population of berbers when we decided we needed immigrants for manual labour . 
  they all settled in low income inner city areas together and have been ignoring our western society since the 70s . 
  and they should stay !, 
  hell , they earned it . 
  what i ca n't condone is the mealy mouthed other 50 % of those populations who demand more their way and do nothing to work or contribute to society . 
  our society gives them _ plenty _ of chances to integrate , to learn , to work , to just be . 
  you do n't have to eat a kroket or a frikandel speciaal to be dutch . 
  what you do have to do is learn our basic customs ( do n't be late , have a modicum of respect and tolerance for the actions and beliefs of people around you and those tasked with keeping things running , be neighbourly , be honest and try to be a productive member of society ) . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's all we 're asking of them . 
  in return we invest in them and anything we can to get them to be part of our society . 
  pamphlets in arabic , wijkteams who try and stimulate young disafffected youth to return to work , free language lessons , reduced sentencing for minor crimes , free voorschool ( differs per gemeente ) , and subsidise bloody everything under the sun that could possibly make a difference . 
  friendly ? 
  sure . 
  willing to join in our country and its traditions ? 
  not so much . 
  ahh . . and also keeping the turkish tradition of pissing dutch people off by not offering us enough baklava when you 've finished trolling us , i see . 
  yeah . . no . 
  i 've been to ramadan and eid celebrations loads of times . 
  and besides , christmas is not a sole christian holiday in the netherlands anymore . 
  everybody does it . 
  especially at schools here in amsterdam zuidoost , where the consensus is `` it 's fun for the kids and lets the parents get to know each other '' , rather than let 's celebrate jesus . 
  that 's the bullshittiest bullshit i 've read all day . 
  in my wife 's dutch language class there are whole swathes of eastern europeans really trying to become part of dutch society . 
  not . 
  one . 
  not . 
  one . 
  turk . 
  at the job center ? 
  loads of romanians . 
  turks and moroccans ? 
  not so many . 
  hell , we 're having christmas dinner at my boy 's school tomorrow . 
  guess who signed up for cooking ? 
  polish , romanians , dutch people , surinamese , antillians . . not . 
  one . 
  not one turk . 
  well , they can fuck off back to turkey or morocco then . 
  i mean come the fuck on . . over the last few years we 've pumped litterally billions into integration , social programs , subsidies for rappers , plays , language lessons for foreigners , you name it . 
  none of the turkish or moroccans ever take advantage of these . 
  never . 
  they had 50 open positions for on the job training especially for immigrants and minorities in rotterdam . 
  1 guy showed up and quit after he found out it was actual work . 
  at what point do we say enough is enough ? 
  edit : another example : my wife is taking dutch language lessons to better integrate into society here and get a job . 
  are there any immigrants from muslim countries in her class of 30 adults ? 
  of course not . 
  same at my son 's school . 
  the attitude of the turkish and moroccan moms who do n't speak more than a word of dutch is : free language lessons ? 
  why ? 
  we get our benefits anyway !, 
  edit 2 : i 've got so many more stories about the non-integration of those two groups . 
  soooo many .
