  australia is quietly poisoning the great barrier reef and violating the rights of boat migrants this year . 
  new zealand and canada are the only sane ones left . 
  i blame quebec and the maori for injecting sanity into those anglotropes . 
  it does seem like hignfy is like the penance gambit idiot politicians have to run if they fuck up . 
  i guess after 2016 they 'll have plenty of candidates . 
  by golly , you 're right . 
  i retract my snark . 
  yeah . 
  ~ ~ reminds me of that african dictator they prosecuted and died in prison ... what was his name again ? 
  milosevic ? 
  definitely african . ~ ~ edit : holy shit the icc does seem to be an african tribunal really . 
   politicians are just in it for the politics that 's a very english mindset , i think . 
  politicians here in the netherlands as well as in germany and the scandinavian countries are very cautious about pushing their own agendas because the public does n't take shit from them . 
  papers here on the continent ( at least in the northern states ) are still very conservative in their reporting and journalism as well . 
  sure there 's ideological differences , but it 's not very confrontational and less adversarial . 
  i 'm sure having a parliamentary democracy where there 's more than 2 parties and representation is done proportionally also helps ; it means people identify with a party rather than a general ideology and it makes tribalism much more fractured . 
  for example , geert wilders and his pvv can ` win ' more parliamentary seats than most parties but it 'll always be a coalition government because there are too many parallel ( and conflicting ) viewpoints to make an outright majority in parliament almost impossible . 
  this means that whatever geert wilders wants to do will almost certainly not get done in the way he wants it . 
  there will have to be compromise . 
  that difference reflects on our entire society . 
  so triggered right now i need to withdraw into my orange safe space . 
  only if _ all _ other eu members agree to extend that time frame . 
  i can see it now : `` ah . . you want more time to negotiate ? 
  well , we expect you to do a or b for austria before we say yes . . '' `` the netherlands stands firmly with our british partners in their request to lengthen the negotiations on condition of c or d '' etc. 
  it 'll be nigh impossible to get it extended even once , considering that the uk has basically lost all goodwill already by botching the referendum and its aftermath anyway . 
  hollandish ? 
  go wash that disgusting potty mouth of yours and come back when you can say dutch , young man . 
  we have enough of our own . . we just give them ridiculously low sentences . . like community service for vehicular manslaughter or mass fraud . 
  our prisons are empty because of our ridiculous `` justice '' system and not because we 're all goodie two shoes . 
  i ca n't be the only one who read `` geeks need hope '' . 
  if you stare into the alt-right . . the alt-right stares right back into you . 
  well . . without the ema or accepting the ecj as arbitration , we could see the shortage of some medicines in the u.k. if they do a hard brexit , which it looks like they 're aiming for . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-science-iduskbn19o238  in a bid to limit disruption , drugmakers have been pushing for some kind of partnership deal with the ema after brexit , potentially allowing for mutual recognition of medicine approvals . 
   ema executive director guido rasi said in april this kind of arrangement was theoretically possible but it would be up to eu governments to decide whether to offer such a deal , since britain will be outside the single market governing free movement of goods , capital , services and people . 
   being isolated from the eu system could put british patients at the back of the line for new drugs if companies decide to prioritize europe , a market of 500 million people , over the uk , where commercial opportunities are far smaller . 
  all nice and dandy that they want to cooperate with the ema . . but does anyone trust the british to negotiate that a. in time and b. well ? 
  huh . . til . .  figa di legno http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=figa%20di%20legno  wood pussy  a girl who does n't want to have sex or she has sex very few times . 
  better yet . . set up posts along the routes they take to reach italy ( all the way into the sahel for example ) where there is information on who will be accepted and who wo n't . 
  those that wo n't should still be given the opportunity to make a better life . . but where they are , and not allow them , after a harrowing trip across the african or asian continents , to arrive in italy . 
  i 'd rather subsidise a new village in northern africa than having people kill themselves to reach a mythical version of europe . . one that does n't even exist . 
  it 's hard work , surely . . but the evidence seems to suggest it 's about 8 years of life difference between the two , all things being equal . 
  putting it down to drinking and smoking is just being either facetious or disingenuous . 
  some bum will piss in the stairwell and there 'll be an accident a month when people stop and talk to friends at that weird crossing . 
  or am i being pessimistic because i 'm from amsterdam and that 's what they do here ? 
  i do n't think it 's that related , and perhaps even a bit reductive . 
  i think it 's the fact that smaller companies are small enough to change quickly and take into account the market better when it comes to new market conditions . 
  but that comes at a cost as well . 
  working with , for example , siemens or phillips requires you to enter their bureaucracy . 
  that works well if you work with large projects or bulk products . 
  you agree a good sla . . but you 're still handing over a large part of management of your project to an external agency . 
  that requires a trustworthy bureaucracy on the part of your supplier . . which means lots of overhead and very little scope for customer-facing changes to be implemented quickly . 
  if you 're working with smaller parties you do n't have that overhead or the slow bureaucracy to deal with . . which can be really handy in dynamic environments and smaller scale projects . 
  of course . . if things go wrong , you have a bigger problem , as your supplier ca n't absorb mistakes as well . 
  there 's obviously good money being made in developing bespoke solutions on top of what the big players can provide . . but do n't discount the big players . 
  them ` doing badly ' still involves billions in sales and projects that 'll blow your socks off in their complexity . 
  did you even read the article ? 
   the commission explained in its letter to rafalska that , while countries were not obliged to legislate for equal retirement ages immediately , a permanent exemption from the general aim of reaching gender equality on social protection was not possible . 
  we 're [ a shining example when it comes to innovation ] ( http://www.startupheatmap.eu/assets/pdf/report_startupheatmap_europe_publish.pdf ) , that 's for sure , 
  so it 's because for companies it 's going too well and the workers are n't receiving the benefits of it going well at all ? 
  time to union up . 
  come on poland . . this is getting ridiculous . 
  maybe if women did the same number of menial and back-breaking jobs . . having to provide for a family for 40 years they 'd live shorter . 
  look . . 
  i can be facetious too . 
  wait what ? 
  i thought we were finally on the up-and-up ? 
  regering vs tweedekamer , essentially . 
  by government they mean the ruling party , whereas by parliament they mean the whole lower ( and perhaps upper ) assembly . 
  we are the bjorg ? 
  i think the conflict between european states is a much more likely scenario in a hypothetical post-eu world . 
  france nationalizes a shipyard for the production of an aircraft carrier , the italians do n't like it . 
  an old italian bank folds and the netherlands is outraged they wo n't get their money back . 
  belgian smuggling gangs into france become more and more of a problem . 
  you name it . . it could be casus-belli for a slightly populist leader to take things too far . 
  a skirmish becomes open conflict . . and there 's your next war . 
  at first there 'd be mostly economic warfare , but let 's be honest . . even in a democracy - if enough people loose their jobs they might want to change things in a bad way . 
  if it looks stupid but works . . it 's not stupid . 
  that 's not what i said . . or implied , is it ? 
   those 2 ww are only proof that you should always watch out for germans . 
  something many apparently forgot , when everyone is happy now for germans to rule europe , applying their social experiments yet again . 
  next time it could be the french . 
  we 've had them as invaders as well . 
  besides , this whole idea of ` bad germany ' is severely overstated . 
  do n't forget that the application of onerous restrictions and fines on the german state for world war 1 were the perfect breeding ground for hitler . 
   that is just a propaganda . 
  if you have n't noticed , everything , and i mean everything is used by eu and proeu politicians as an argument for more integration . 
  is there a problem ? 
  we need more eu to solve it !, 
  is there no problem ? 
  good , it means it works and we can make another step in eu integration !, 
  `` never let a good crisis go to waste '' is an eu motto . 
  that may be true , but let me remind you that time and time again the dutch , the british and the french have stopped integration because that further integration did not fit with the vision we had of what the eu should look like . 
  it 's important to remain critical of the eu . . but not to discount its gigantic achievements . 
  like i said . . it ai n't perfect but it 's the only viable option left to us now and i for one am very glad we do have it . 
   do n't you feel a little bit schizofrenic , complaining about `` doom-mongers '' in one senteces while warning about war right in the previous one ? 
  not at all . 
  we have 2 world wars as proof we can not get along without some overarching political , military and social framework . 
  and unlike all the doom-mongers who have predicted the end of the eu by so many means , the eu has survived and is prospering . 
  which makes them at the very least wrong and these days most likely liars for their own ( financial or political ) benefit . 
   repeating there is no alternative does n't make it any more true .
