  it was as much a haircut to save the euro as to bail out the banks who made the loans ( arguably in bad faith ) . 
  nobody remembers how bad it was in 2010 and 2011 . . where our entire currency was in serious jeopardy because 4 countries were in danger of defaulting . 
  action had to be taken to save a number of economies and some tough and sometimes bad decisions had to be taken . 
  this . 
  pvda betrayed their own mandate to stay in power a ton of times . 
  the only reason they 're still in power is that they pander to the left so effectively by leaning on people 's fear of a right-wing government . 
  the last election saw them basically getting bollocked everywhere . 
  dijsselbloem might be a good centrist , but his party is far from left . 
  it 's more a fair-wind wishy washy party now , and it shows . 
  that was six months ago . 
  since then the troika , and the eu in particular , have bent over backwards to try and accommodate the new greek government , working with them despite their inadequate counter-proposals to the already agreed bailout tracts . 
  those had worked ( mostly , painfully , but they seem to have stopped the euro from exploding ) for countries such as spain , italy , portugal and ireland . 
  we were committed to the greeks , as we are to our portugese friends who are still hurting and would have stood by them as equal partners in europe if they were committed to turning their entire economy around so this farcical economic shambles could n't happen again . 
  the new greek government chose brinkmanship over rational discussion , though . 
  and europe is right to not give in to political and economic blackmail . 
  that said , i do hope the old ladies who need their pension to survive wo n't have to beg , the young single mothers and their babies wo n't be left to starve and the hospitals will continue to be able to provide care . 
  we should n't leave the most vulnerable to their own fate , as they 're always the first to get it in the neck . 
  edit : a whole lot of historical revisionism and denial here . 
  downvote all you like ; i 'm sticking to my guns . 
  fuck the greek government for playing with the lives of their citizens . 
  4chan is leaking . 
  cut the legs off ? 
  is that another way of saying we 've subsidized them over the past 5 years with our own money and had pledged to do so until greece was solvent again ? 
  i mean , come on . . the troika and consequently europe has , at every opportunity bent over backwards to give greeks a chance to come up with _ concrete _ proposals on how to change the current bailouts and assistance , but have , at every moment been disingenuous . 
  when finally there 's a chance of a credible deal which takes the greek people 's needs into account the greeks try and renegotiate in bad faith at the last moment . 
  i mean , come the fuck on . 
  yes . 
  they do . 
  fuck you all for the downvotes . 
  still does n't mean i want them to literally starve . 
  and that 's what might happen . 
  greece imports a shit-ton of agricultural goods which nobody will have enough cash to pay for . 
  we should n't ever allow that . 
  indeed . 
  i said the same to my wife : i feel incredibly bad . . not for their government or even the middle class . 
  i worry about the single mother with the sick infant , the granny who has to pick up her pension tomorrow and the guy who ca n't work because of an industrial accident . 
  i get why it 's happening . 
  i understand it . 
  but , goddamn it , i hate it . 
  i think we should start a new empire by taking back new amsterdam . 
  then we can claim neil degrasse tyson and finally get rid of donald trump . 
  nobody can stop us then . 
  i do n't consider this a ` lol ' - worthy situation at all . 
  we 're talking about a country defaulting in europe with as a consequence possibly widespread poverty and maybe even bread-lines for the greeks . 
  greek politicians and society , european governments , and ultimately the banks screwed up . . and now the old and the infirm will be reaping the unfortunate and heart-rending consequences of those choices , to be sure . 
  yeah , there were a lot of optimistic noises in the beginning , but let 's be honest . . nobody expected the fiasco we 've had to witness over the last two weeks : the rejection of the most generous offers the euro-countries could come up with without collapsing their parliamentary majorities , the completely insincere counter-offers , stonewalling and duplicity from tsipras and varoufakis . 
  afaik the ecb controls the distribution of the ink needed to make the euro banknotes , but i ca n't find quickly find any sources on that . 
  if so , all they have to do is wait for greece to run out of ink and they 'll be easily identified as fake . 
  this . 
  most of the debts in argentina were bought up by vulture funds , which were consequently defaulted on again by the argentinians , which is why there 're still court cases going on . 
  i suspect that 'll be greece 's fate as well . 
  what a sad situation . 
  slightly off topic : i read a great scifi story by r.a. heinlein called ` double star ' , where the protagonist lived in a galactic empire ruled by the dutch . 
  we 'll succeed in taking 'em over one day . 
  keep the faith . 
  well , we mitigated our bank 's risks by buying out the debt ourselves in 2011 . 
  we put up our own tax money to bail out the greeks as well , already absolving them of billions of euros in payments . 
  so most of the debt is now in government hands , not banks . 
  which is another thing many people are n't happy about , really . 
  many people think our governments were either hoodwinked by or stupidly went along with the greek and the banks when it came to this crisis . 
  goldman sachs has a lot of explaining to do , as it stands , and i think if a similar situation occurs where the banks need a massive bailout , most governments will let the banks take the hit . 
  major banks all over europe close to defaulting were a threat to the whole european economy . 
  yes . 
  we are . 
  the alternative was crashing the whole european economy . 
  what makes greeks think they have a right to ask us to crash our economies because they fucked up ? 
  of course we 'll make sure we 're safe from major economic upheaval before we look at greece and help them , much in the way you put oxygen breathing apparatus on yourself first before you give it to the kid next to you in a depressurizing airplane . 
  greece was an international monetary crisis waiting to explode in all our faces . 
  turn it around : would greeks let the whole euro economy crash if it meant saving finland or the netherlands ? 
  i bloody hope not . 
  brits posting about how powerful we are ? 
  time to sail a fleet up the thames again . 
  yeah , but the chances of you crashing the euro and dooming all of us have decreased significantly . 
  in spain 's case , austerity has arguably done its work , so austerity is no longer a necessary measure of last resort , but an economic option . 
   they are paying debts with that money , they do n't enjoy it . 
  this is clearly not working , everybody knows that . 
  why then is it that spain , ireland , italy and portugal have so far successfully implemented austerity measures and only in greece it fails ? 
  it 's decades of lack of political will , and now that the shit has hit the fan free money is exactly what they want . 
  it 's a pathological refusal by politicians to get to grip with the corruption no greek cared about until it all fell apart . 
  yeah , because letting our own institutions and banks fail because greece 's corrupt finances are shit to the core is a brilliant alternative . 
  how about you explain why you think he 's oblivious to the situation instead of just dismissively stating so ? 
  what did he ever do to you ? 
  then i finally know where we swamp-germans got it from . 
  sounds very dutch , then . 
  we 'll be direct to the point of rudeness if there 's an issue that bugs us . 
  [ really . 
   an increasing share of the uk economy is trade that can be done over the internet . 
  the uk is best at services and in particular financial services , which has zero shipping costs . 
  increasing , but still less than half , and that 's including all services http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/uktrade/uk-trade/april-2015/stb-uk-trade--april-2015.html#tab-value-of-uk-trade-in-goods  as 54 per cent of britain 's goods trade is currently conducted with the eu , uk membership of the union boosts its goods trade overall by around 30 per cent . 
  http://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2014/pb_britishtrade_16jan14-8285.pdf however , your country has a significant trade deficit with the eu on goods , so i 'm not sure how what you make your money with really matters that much . 
  you 'll still have to buy your avocados from spain , your flowers from holland , etc. 
  the linked pdf is terribly informative on both goods and services and what the status is of britain 's involvement in the eu as well as the consequences of leaving the eu . 
  highly recommend reading it . 
  to develop any industry you 'll need investment and with greece defaulting on the eu bailouts as well as the imf , i think any company or investment firms will think twice about investing in . 
  china or russia on the other hand have a vested interest in getting more clout in europe for more strategic reasons . 
  who knows . 
  i do think the fact that nobody knows what 'll happen next does n't bode well for a stable investment climate in athens . 
  fifa is like ice . 
  you touch ice and a small layer of water is formed at the contact point from residual heat transfer and friction . 
  similarly , if you touch fifa you 'll form a layer of bribe money at the point of contact .
