  not really . 
  wilders has been told to fuck off , as has le pen . 
  afd stands no chance in germany . . and when the poles go to the voting box i think we 'll see a more inclusive policy from that massive powerblock in the east as well . 
   however i would n't really call europe the cradle of civilization . 
  the babylonians can fuck right off . 
   we own that title . 
   they 're not portrayed as subhumans . 
  yeah . . they are . 
  sorry , but that 's the hard fact . 
  whether it 's with some silly dog whistle or directly called sub-human it 's definitely alt-right racism . 
   islamic values are n't compatible with western values . 
  islam is a very wide range of beliefs , though . 
  i compare it to the protestant faith in that there 's no central authority of the church , which makes dogma very variable , from mosque to mosque . 
  the way to deal with islam , and which thankfully is well done here in the netherlands is to promote moderate islam , while stomping hard on islamism and political islam . 
   and criminality from third world financial migrants is a problem and an economic burden . 
  europe is a diverse place spanning 27 countries . 
  some countries deal with the problem better than others . 
  for example , here in the netherlands we have a very strict economic migrant policy . 
  they 're basically shit out of luck . 
  the crime we experience is more from 2nd and 3rd generation immigrant families than 1st generation migrants or refugees . 
   feels like i 'm living in a dying continent . 
  ach du liebe guete . . you should see more of the continent then  there 's so much going on in this great conglomeration of disparate outcast nations that 's exciting and new . . go to amsterdam , berlin , copenhagen , stuttgart , maastricht , barcelona . . hell even helsinki is pretty cool . 
  there 's life out there ; people with ambition , action and love for fellow humans . 
  go out there . 
  you 're living in the cradle of civilization . 
  take advantage of what 's around !, 
  i can understand wanting to go home . 
  after a while , you have to choose between the culture you 've grown up in and the one you 've moved to . 
  my wife is british/swiss and had always lived in london and when we moved to the netherlands with our young boys it took her years to make that decision . 
  she chose to stay and adopt my culture . 
  still , it chafes here and there . . it always will . 
  however there 's a difference in the culture not being yours , or seeing the flaws in the european nation you inhabit and thinking that europe is an islamified continent flooded with sub-humans ( let 's be honest , that 's how they 're portrayed on t_d and the alt-riech subreddits ) with large swathes of either no-go or rape zones . 
  i 'm ecstatic . 
  not only did france choose the eu over isolationism , but feyenoord got their ass handed to them giving ajax a chance for the cup . 
   today is a good day . 
  if le pen had n't railed against the euro and the eu she might have actually won . 
  pay up , / u/pinguy !, 
  i think any american who has seen the reality of europe , namely happy people standing up for each other , are the least likely to spout the_donald shit . 
  a galactic embarassment maybe . 
  juncker is n't the problem . 
  may is the problem . 
  they 're disseminating __ mis __ information . 
  get your facts straight . 
  he 's one of those special altright snowflakes . 
  of course he does n't know a single fucking thing about the french elections and is projecting his insecurities onto them . 
   first , international agreements take precedence over national laws . 
  what ?!, 
  no they do n't . 
  national law always trumps international agreements . 
  it 's never been any other way . 
  two minute silence at 20:00 cet . 
  edit : a great report on eenvandaag earlier about the african american soldiers who ~ ~ came with ~ ~ were part of our liberators and were tasked with burying the dead . 
  to this day they 're not properly recognised . 
  let 's all heft a glass to _ all _ of the people who helped liberate us . . be it black or white . 
  cheers , friends !, 
  thank you for your service to our little country . 
  pandas are china 's friendship rings . 
  i think you misunderstood his comment . 
  i have to agree . 
  the british public are hardly living in a functioning democracy now . 
  every aspect of brexit has been one falsehood after another . . and you ca n't have a democracy without trustworthy discourse . 
  how can we compare our countries to that shitshow ? 
  / r/juncker agrees, 
  so yet another opinion piece by the telegraph where a brexit without a deal is somehow not a disaster for the uk . 
  sure . 
  pull the other one mate . 
  wto rules for 50 % of imports and exports wo n't cause businesses who compete with eu companies for market share to loose out on contracts left , right and centre , and then hemmorage jobs . 
  the delusional shite these ` newspapers ' put out is just unbelievable . 
  i did not know that . 
  kudos to the irish for helping make europe whole again ; the wall coming down is one of the biggest events i 've been lucky enough to witness in my lifetime . 
  i 'm buying guinness tonight . 
  oh , i 'm the disgusting and cynical one here ? 
  everybody in the world knows what the serbs did to kosovo . 
  heck , they 're still finding the mass graves . 
  and the allegation that nato provoked anything is laughable , whatever your putin-esque safe-space sources say . 
  fucking own up to it and stop blaming nato for your mistakes . 
  is it ? 
  is it really ? 
  serbia needed to be told not to commit genocide in rather uncertain terms . . and they were . 
  that 's fucking fact . 
  not rhetoric . 
  as i stated and will continue to state , every civilian death is one too many . 
  every civilian death is one too many . 
  every . 
  civilian . 
  death . 
  one . 
  too . 
  many . 
  but that 's beside the point because your government was killing thousands , imprisoning and torturing thousands and displacing hundreds of thousands of people . 
  something had to be done . . because fuck you if you think it 's acceptable to have that happen in europe again . 
  those civilians are unfortunately the classic definition of collateral damage . 
  sad , but inevitable , considering the serbian governments ' actions and refusal to stop what it was doing in the face of warning after warning . 
  nato did the right thing and in my opinion they should do it again if the circumstances are similar . 
  in fact , i 'd demand it . 
  he 's unfortunately pretty typical for a serb or a russian serb apologist . 
  make outlandish claims about nato and then back it up with hateful rhetoric completely devoid of sense and reason . 
  yeah . . the one not supporting and trying to distract from genocide . 
  when kosovo was being raped by serbia nato bombed serbia a few times and killed a few civilians and bombed a tv station . 
  now , any civilian deaths are to be regretted but let 's be fucking honest here . . the serbs had it coming .
