  but the government saw that remaining in the eu was the only way of not crashing their economy so had to sign up anyway . 
  dijsselbloem , a dutch liberal , completely waltzed all over them . 
  because the eu ( or in this case the faction representing the bulk of creditors ) as a whole has a whole lot more power than one nation in negotiations . 
   the eu will practically be a pariah in britain and many countries who have a high euro-skeptic population . 
  no it wo n't . 
  people in the eu recognise the advantages . 
  we just do n't want to become a super-state . 
  we like it the way it fucking is . 
  maybe it 's getting too big , even . . but that 's no reason to throw our toys out of the pram and scream murder . 
   uk is not that weak . 
  they have london , the worlds financial center . 
  only because banks have access to europe and a marginally advantageous relationship with the u.s. . banks will move either to ireland , scotland ( if they decide to secede ) or concentrate in a random major city here on the continent . 
  byebye city of london . 
  it 's already happening . 
  and it 's fucking horrific . 
   the eu arguably much more weaker now , but to be honest in the end i think the deal between the eu and the uk will make both parties happy no . 
  nobody is going to be happy because of this . 
  people are going to suffer . 
  [ people are going to die ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/feb/11/unemployment-causes-45000-suicides-a-year-worldwide-finds-study ) . 
  there 's no up-side to this . 
  people are going to ` get along ' and ` make nice ' . 
  but it 'll never be the same . 
  it 'll never get fixed . 
  it 'll be part of the new normal . 
  it 's tragic , disgusting and disturbing at the same time . 
  which experts are you referring to ? 
  [ the imf says something different ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jun/18/imf-says-brexit-would-trigger-uk-recession-eu-referendum ) , and [ so does the ft ] ( http://www.ft.com/fastft/2016/06/24/markets-to-price-in-uk-recession-threadneedle/ ) . 
  we use it to store our tulips and our stroopwafels . 
  national treasures . 
  but i guess you store your cheese and wine in monaco or switzerland . 
  it 's more like founding members having a chat . 
  it 's an informal gathering . 
  they have it every year . 
   banter does not equal ad hominem . 
   there 's some banter i see . 
  you accuse me , specifically , of hating the british and question my relationships . 
  and now it 's banter . 
  fuck you . 
  you annoying prick . 
   they will if they could , but the eu will allow because it will benefit both of them . 
  free trade = good for the economy free trade does n't mean equal access to markets . 
  working from within the eu the germans could easily demand special access for their car manufacturers to the uk market simply because the eu has more money than the uk and therefore needs the uk less than the uk needs it . 
  that 's how it works . 
  that 's how it 's always worked . 
  why negotiate from a position of weakness ? 
  friendship ? 
  this is business . 
  the last people who thought like that were the greeks . 
  you can go ask them how those negotiations turned out . 
   have fun , but looking at your comments you seem to have something against the british why do you hate them . 
  i do n't . 
  i have something against the pervading british mentality which is ` blame it on the eu ' . 
  i lived in london for over 8 years , so i know how it goes first hand because i read the sun and the daily mail and all the rags every fucking week and the propaganda was the same every time . . it 's the big bad eu . 
  but it turns out it mostly was lies to either cover up actions by your own politicians , speculation to divert public attention , or just for the sake of ` outrage porn ' to sell newspapers while the establishment went about fucking over the voters . 
  and then cameron happens . 
  cameron needs to win an election , so he promises a referendum to get votes away from farage . 
  it works , but now he had to set up one because otherwise he 'd fuck his own back-benchers and they 'd fuck him right back . 
  the conditioned public ( srsly , how can you not be after reading click-baity pieces about calais immigrants or those sneaky romanians ready with their suitcases to flood the pristine british shores in their millions ) predictably narrowly follows the narrative that 's been going for years . . and voila . 
  now the uk 's economy is going to tank . 
  my economy is going to tank . 
  and the uncertainty is going to cost us all even more dearly if it 's dragged out by some prick in london who thinks he 's got all the time in the world to solve this . 
  am i supposed to be happy and wait while my apartment building 's on fire ? 
   if there 's someone to complain about it 's the polish , because they are taking more than they are contributing fuck off . 
  if anything , poland 's going to be our fucking crown jewel soon , with the amount of money we 're pumping into their country to fuel infrastructure and industrial development . 
  that 's what the eu does . 
  it takes care of business . 
  that 's why the dutch are still in . 
  that 's why the polish are still in . 
  i can start a business right now , right here and sell anything i want in poland because of the eu : regulations are the same fucking everywhere . 
  and money is the only reason the eu and the eurozone work . 
  besides , [ polish people are less likely than dutch people to go on the dole because they work so fucking hard all the time ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2016/06/etnisch_profileren_met_het_cbs.html ) . 
  poles are here to work , not to play the fuck around . 
  why ? 
  why complain about the polish ? 
  they 're fucking great !, 
  well , considering the massive recession they 're looking at . . probably not as much as you 'd imagine . 
   you really hate the brits do n't you . 
  did a brit steal your girlfriend or something . 
  stop crying about a democratic vote . 
  all i see is ad hominem after ad hominem . 
  no substance , no evidence , no discussion . . just your personal attacks and your defensive posturing . 
   if you want to live in a united europe tough luck it wo n't happen . 
  who said anything about wanting ? 
  we have a united europe . 
  do we want more unification ? 
  probably not . 
   many european people are against the eu . 
  the eu will never be like the united states of america never . 
  someone getting angry ? 
  nowhere did i say that that 's what i 'd want . 
   p.s germany wants to have a free trade deal with uk and more countries later on . 
  you think germany 's going to negotiate from a position of equals when it can get a much better deal dealing with the uk through the eu ? 
  you are as insane as your disjointed arguments make you out to be . 
  now i 'm going to go give my dual-national swiss/english wife a kiss and then check up on my two eu-raised kids and perhaps watch an american scifi series or two . 
   enjoy your evening . 
   yes you are . 
  what . . because i refer to the brits as an entity , rather than each campaign side or by region ? 
  because i advocate for a swift resolution of this with real consequences if it 's not ? 
  fuck you . 
  i have a family to support and a pension that 's in the ground thanks to this crap-shoot .
