hmm . 
  i 've actually never tried to prepare it like that . 
  if i have no strong feelings about and during the love-making it 's all good right ? 
  i might have to try it . 
  pig meat is meant to be eaten , not loved you perv . 
  actually every finn has anxiety disorder and it 's on all of the time . 
  we become numb usually when we pass teen years . 
  all that calmness just hides the flames of hell burning inside . 
   what , you must 've been singing '' ... sun puolestas el\u00e4\u00e4 ja kuoooollla , ooon haaaaluumme kooorkehin '' too few times  my late car did n't have a car radio and the only song apart from the national hymn i knew was valalaulu . 
  i got bored while driving long distances and sang what i remembered so yeah , i may have gotten some brain damage . 
   the one very good thing about being a ( semi - ) professional soldier was that not one of my workmates spoke bullshit like that . 
  except with very clear ironic tone of voice . 
  i remember two military personnel from my time as a conscript who seemed to be a bit `` over-patriotic '' . 
  all the other personnel seemed to be quite level-headed about this . 
  funny thing is that during that time of all the three `` civilians '' i heard spouting that bullshit two were women . 
  the other one of these fine ladies was a self-proclaimed feminist and a defender of equality . 
  neither had volunteered for military service . 
  the level of hypocricy and/or cognitive dissonance on their part was just something else . 
  and oh boy , does it feel good to be `` a deterrent '' . 
  i just love the thought of acting as a speed bumper for an enemy tank . 
  :d i could go on and on about how annoying is it to hear bullshit reasoning about how the military service is a good thing for the conscript himself . 
  it 's hypocritical at best and it feels like bullying at worst . 
  i would have been much better off with being conscripted if people in general had talked about it like it is , a necessary evil . 
  i would be ok with saying it is men 's school if there were blackjack and whores involved . 
  getting laid builds up character way more in my opinion than being yelled at and crawling through mud . 
  do people under 18 have a right to vote in sweden ? 
  it 's kind of fucked up to make it so that the ones getting conscripted do n't have any say in the matter . 
  i mean it kind of looks like a good start for war between generations there . 
  i had to look the approval rating for conscription in finland up from wikipedia and it says it 's somewhere between 60 and 80 % . 
  you can avoid military service by doing civil service instead but you ca n't avoid conscription if you are male ( conscription concerns only men ) and do n't have any pressing issues ( physical or mental health issues mostly ) that make you unfit for service . 
  i 've heard of a case where a guy had a doctor he knew fabricate his medical records so that he did n't need to attend but that 's only hearsay . 
  from a pragmatic standpoint conscription is viable or maybe even the only choice for finland ( apart from joining nato ) . 
  honestly i would have been happy if sweden had just started spending more money on defence budget . 
  not that i have any say in the matter since it 's up to sweden to make it 's own decisions . 
  there was a point where it seemed that sweden was depending on finland as it 's standing defence force and needless to say i was n't too thrilled about it . 
  from an ethical standpoint conscription sucks . 
  i get quite annoyed while listening to some people going about what the benefits of conscripted army are apart from it doing the job it 's supposed to do . 
  my personal favorite of all the stupid things said is that army is `` men 's school '' where boys become men . 
  you bunch of militarists . 
  :d i think that our beloved eastern neighbour has had a big part in easing up the political decision and lifting up the approval rating . 
  all in all for me as a finn these are great news . 
  it really eases that funny feeling i get whenever i read what the aforementioned neighbour has been up to recently . 
  how do swedes feel about this change back to conscripion in general ? 
  i would quess swedes born after 1999 wo n't appreciate this . 
   ask them if they 've ever taken antibiotics . 
  if so , ask them if they took the antibiotics from 60 years ago , or more recent antibiotics . 
  i was asking for something with a stronger cause-effect-relation than this . 
  like something you can point straight at , like `` look , believing in creationism leads you to think like this/do this stupid thing . '', 
   what do you think would happen if someone believes that 1 +1 = 3 ? 
  i mean really think about it . 
  it would screw with everything . 
  that would screw up everything where you need that equation . 
  now show me where you need evolution theory . 
  knowledge only builds up on knowledge which to it is related . 
   no matter how persistent your social circle is , if your basic ability to apply skeptical thought is uncompromised you will never be fooled into falling for the bullshit in so dramatic a fashion . 
  this is not true . 
  granted , a person with some skill in sceptical thought , logic and such is probably more protected from biased views from the environment but we still as human beings are inclined to believe people who we trust and/or like . 
  we 're not purely logical beings . 
  also if one fucked up part in our knowledge would mean that our whole method for understanding things it would put scientific progress in strange light . 
  like how would we have ended up in the current state of science when human beings just a while ago believed in the strangest shit . 
   they think they know about evolution . 
  but they do n't . 
  they have strawman understanding of evolution that exists purely for trying to prove evolution `` wrong '' . 
  so you have to actually support the evolution theory to know really how it goes ? 
  if you do n't support something you do n't know it ? 
  is there some aspect in the act of knowing that i 'm not aware of ? 
   what they understand is a completely made-up version of evolution that just vaguely looks like the real thing . 
  honestly i do n't know any open and honest creationist . 
  even the people in my religious community were not really open about it and there was never during my time an open discussion about the subject . 
  so in the end i can not say if every creationist in the world are like the ones you describe . 
  however i 'm still inclined to think that it 's totally possible that people can know things but not believe in them . 
   they 've convinced themselves of a falsehood ; and they would never have been able to do that so effectively if their means of understanding the world they live in were n't so limited to start with . 
  again , how did we end up here considering that a ) we need the right method to really understand world , b ) you ca n't get any faulty information if your method is right , c ) knowledge builds upon knowledge and d ) humankind believed and still believes in a lot of stupid shit . 
  i thought about that . 
  i tried to think of a case where knowing about evolution theory could help you in practice but i could n't come up with any . 
  i think it can come handy when trying not to look like an idiot but apart from social situations i just could n't think of any . 
  if you can think of any , please do tell me . 
  i 'm not even trying to be an asshole saying that , i would really like to know so that next time i meet a creationist i have one more ace up my sleeve . 
  the theory that one fucked up part in your knowledge about the world would fuck up other parts is false in my opinion . 
  i would even go as far as to say that there is a slippery slope argument somewhere there . 
  the more plausible explanation why creationists might be more inclined ( i actually do n't know this for sure , it 's just an assumption ) to believe in other stupid stuff is that their social circles enforce these upon them . 
  basically their metric is n't fucked up , it 's just biased on certain things . 
  in the case of the creationists in my old religious community was that they were actually quite level-headed about a lot of things . 
  they were not batshit crazy . 
  the only other stupid thing about them was contraception ban . 
  they also did n't drink alcohol but the stupidity of that is debatable . 
  oh yeah and there was a tv ban but for some fucked up reason internet was n't banned . 
  not only that , i think that most evolution creationists who have to live around people who are not like them in this respect know about elovution theory , they just do n't believe in it . 
  or to be precise , they believe in another explanation . 
  ignorance can not be battled because it 's an abstraction . 
  ignorant people should n't be battled because battling them validates their position in their mind . 
  ignorant ideas can be battled by showing how dumb the ignorant idea is compared to a better idea . 
  but yeah i 'm with you in the sentiment , it seems like some people just want to devolve . 
  i used to belong to one of the small religious communities mentioned in the article . 
  i would n't go as far as to say that creationism was the moving force behind it though . 
  there were not enough members in the town my family lived in so the religious people could n't get enough pull to ban teaching evolution in the school . 
  if i remember correctly the children of the religious families could skip the biology classes which taught evolution . 
  i did n't since i was in a speshul class where i was the only student who belonged to the mentioned religious group . 
  in short creationists are not a serious problem if they are in the minority . 
  i actually think that being a creationist is not a huge problem in itself but it seems like the people who believe in creationism are more likely to be totally nuts in more important areas like vaccination .
