  my great great grandfather was german , but i would n't dream of calling myself german , but a yank in the same situation would . 
   yeah , you guys take heritage much more seriously . 
  they literally dye a river going through chicago green on st. patricks day , come on . 
  not to mention yanks supporting the ira for whatever stupid reason . 
  wait until you tell them st. patrick was english *, 
  that 's what it 's called , whether you like it or not https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles, 
  ( spoken like mario , obviously ( sorry about the lack of accentuation ) ), 
  smashing . 
  i think i 've got a good chance of remembering vaffanculo and merda . 
  although , usually when in a foreign country i just fall back on insulting people in english about their nationality e.g. 
  `` you italian bastard , look at you with your brilliant cuisine and your fine wine . 
  sod off ! '', 
  i guess so . 
  bonjour and buongiorno are n't too different . 
  i can sort of insult people in french . 
  does that mean i can also sort of insult people in italian if i add an accent ? 
  sealand also . 
  that 's because we have a lot less to be humble about , and a lot more to be proud of :\\ ^ ) \\ #can ` tbeinvadedbyanyoneotherthantheprinceoforange, 
  honestly , we ca n't give them back . 
  government cuts mean we ca n't afford to pay for the stamps to put on the parcels , sorry !, 
  that 's what i 've always known . 
  a frenchman loves to critise his country but if a foreigner does it he gets really cross . 
  not too dissimilar from britain . 
  migrants at calais are swaying the opinion polls . 
  xaxaxaxa pay denbts first, 
  yeah , it is a bit rubbish ( bad pun intended ) , nice countryside though . 
  always been a dream of mine to own a holiday home in the countryside of tuscany . 
  however , being british , i do n't speak a bleeding word of italian other than mafia related words i 've learnt from the godfather . 
  peacekeeping force . 
  and for a german , you can shut your bloody mouth . 
  you 'll never take it from us , majorca is british !, 
  good times . 
  playing keep the ruskies out of the middle east was also fun . 
  and , i think my favourite game of back then was `` 123 , let 's nick the german colonies '', 
  and carl xvi gustaf can be elizabeth ii 's rent boy . 
  he 's a bit younger so should have a decent spring in his step ... 
   the same is also true in reverse , most british people know far more about us politics than they do about continental european politics , even though the later affects us more . 
  not sure about that one . 
  i have n't the foggiest about the american political system ( though , i did watch a video on it on youtube , but i was drunk at the time . 
  it sounded silly ) . 
  i tend to follow french politics more closely , as i think they mirror our 's rather interestingly . 
   you should have put it all in fifties all fun and games until you realise that 's the only money you have to pay for the bus to the bank . 
  better if we called the shots this time , i think . 
  margrethe should take a step back and swear fealty to her majesty , queen elizabeth ii , monarch of the united kingdom and the non-traitorous realms which have retained the monarchy . 
  it takes some kinky shit to get it going . 
  like when people try to force their 's up our falklands ... * hnggg *, 
  that 's actually where our cuisine comes from . 
  it 's based on making stuff which is quite nice to eat out of food you 've found down some dodgy country lane . 
  or something like that . 
  which seems in this case is all over the place . 
  it 's probably higher than the percentage in britain , smaller than the percentage in sweden . 
  according to wikipedia it says 2 % , another survey 7 % . 
  we do n't like anyone in all honesty . 
  there might be more people disliking bulgarians due to eu immigration , but they certainly do n't think you lot are n't europeans . 
  that 's not true . 
  firstly , they do n't ask about religion in their census . 
  secondly , polls have suggested the number of muslims is below 5 % of the country . 
  i do n't think that is true whatsoever . 
  i guess my information was just for britain then . 
  provide me a source of where russian military aircraft entered another country 's airspace without permission . 
  rubbish . 
  not only is russia in europe , they 've never entered any country 's air space when doing this whole thing . 
  if they did they 'd likely be shot down . 
  they only fly around the outside , which is a perfectly legal thing to do . 
  and win again ? 
  sure . 
  how is this measured exactly ? 
  can it really be accurate when it 's underage drinking ? 
  also , for some reason i read the chart as drinking from 15-18 or something like that , so i thought it were talking about just underage drinking . 
  it 's a shame britain is n't on the drinking chart . 
  i can understand austria being high because their drinking age is 16 , but i imagine the uk could be second or third . 
  well , i do n't doubt for a minute that any self respecting northerner could out drink any southerner . 
  but , maybe you 're just * weird *, 
  as an englishman , the english stereotype is spot on . 
  as an englishman , the french stereotype is spot on . 
  i 'm not saying poland is expensive , it 's cheap . 
  what i 'm saying is that if poland started to use the euro it might become less cheap , at least according to other people 's in this threads experiences . 
  ha , there 's another pro euro argument right there , you can manufacture products for the whole eu . 
  meh , i like z\u0142oty , and judging from other people in this thread euro would make poland expensive, 
  i 'd rather go back to using shillings and half-pennies to be quite honest with you . 
  still , euro coins are boring . 
  never !, 
  we did n't fight valiantly at waterloo and rout the old guard for this !, 
  yes , euro seems to diminish the ability of representing your county 's heritage quite a bit . 
  yes , drunk and angry towards germany for colonising our colonial holding of majorca . 
  what country are you from , may i ask ? 
  your username makes me think portugal lmao . 
  you should give yourself a flair on the right hand side . 
  anything can be a vegetable if you try hard enough . 
  they 're 4 plants on our coins , each representing a country . 
  england gives the english rose , ireland contributes a shamrock , scotland the thistle , and wales gives a fucking leek . 
  ca n't expect much more from wales though to be honest . 
  if you 're asking for some sort of fact or figure , no , i do n't think anyone could prove that . 
  but being around children as they grow up i can see the difference a light smack on the hand and just yelling at someone makes . 
  is n't that just due to inflation though ? 
  i can remember as a kid going to the shop with a pound coin was amazing . 
  i could buy a tonne of stuff . 
  nowadays you could n't even buy a decent can of pop and a chocolate bar with that . 
  well , bar the flower one ... at any rate , i do n't think i could function without having british people and the queen on all my money . 
  is that due to the euro , or is it due to the recession ?
