  you think its inconceivable that he only uses reddit as a source of news on the conflict , as well as somewhere he can comment his views ? 
  yes , * that * is what i got out of your comment . 
  you 've said both sides use propaganda , yes , what would you like ? 
  a medal , maybe ? 
  i never even mentioned what side is right or wrong , only a statement on how silly it is for people to complain about russian propaganda people , when they themselves are western propaganda people . 
  you say that not everything is black and white , and then go and give a very black and white statement ? 
  russia invaded crimea yes , but they only supplied rebels with troops and weaponry . 
  donetsk rebelled on their own . 
  he 's a troll because he is pro russia and comments on threads about ukraine ? 
  we do n't . 
  and that sounds like something 4chan would indeed do . 
  heh , the only shills on that subreddit are western ones . 
  ca n't even get a word in sideways if you do n't call for the immediate execution of putin . 
  anything non anti-putin is downvoted into oblivion . 
  definitely , this sub has turned toxic ever since this whole ukraine debacle . 
  ... okay , but that is completely besides the point . 
  comparing ww2 to russia 's proxy war in ukraine is ridiculous . 
  only difference is that he , as much as a ` shill ' as any other account , will still be upvoted because putin = bad and everything against him is good . 
  syria was owned by the french for the period between ww1 and ww2 . 
  then it became independent . 
  but no , it 's britain and other western powers to blame . 
  this is n't the fault of the west . 
  it 's the fault of some people being nutters . 
  syria was owned by france from ww1 to ww2 , so not very long at all . 
  where are all the hindu indian terrorists ? 
  sikh terrorists ? 
  the christian african terrorists ? 
  the problem lies within islam . 
  are you trying to say that i have ? 
  you 'd be woefully wrong . 
  not really . 
  was there a lot of terrorists when we owned land in n. africa and the middle east ? 
  no , not really . 
  space can into polan, 
  uhhh a ) the middle east has mostly been owned by the ottomans , so not western . 
  b ) how does that explain domestic terrorists who were born in the west ? 
  we do n't need open door immigration for any of those things . 
  a tenth of the population of india do n't have to be british for them to play cricket , for example . 
  i 'd argue that the opposite has happened , people have became less tolerant due to mass immigration . 
  next to no one has a problem with there being a small population of other races/cultures in a city . 
  it 's nice to be able to go to a genuine indian restaurant , or visit a chinese food supermarket etc , but people start having problems with it when 27 % of your city are asian . 
  i 'm talking about immigration in general , not just syrian migrants . 
  if you want to see what immigration is doing to this country , go and visit birmingham . 
  in just ten years the population of muslims has gone up by 8 % , and now stands at 22 % of the city . 
  half the signs in the city are in english and arabic . 
  destroyed is strong wording , but immigration en masse does indeed replace the culture of the nation . 
  also , it 's not just immigration , media and films etc from america have led to the americanisation of our nation too . 
  they 're not directly importing them of course , but it 's a reason why the eu politicians support mass migration to the eu from outside . 
  and possibly , why ? 
  what have i done ? 
  i do n't think a muslim marrying a christian is a sign multiculturism as a whole works lol, 
  depends . 
  i 'm unsure , i think race often relates to culture , and cultures from outside of europe tend to be worse at integrating . 
  even white-ish countries like argentina and what not . 
  so , that would be one reason why i personally might take issue with people from , say , botswana , moving here , but would be fine with black french people moving here . 
   especially that migration wave wo n't stop in the near future and antagonism will only rise this is what i 'm most worried about . 
  if this continues , how long until we have a genuine nazi-style racist party in power ? 
  the country with large racial tensions and that segregated races until only a few decades ago ? 
  with a history of racial violence ? 
  yeah , says the american . 
  the only reason america has n't teared itself apart is because of how patriotic they are , with the pledge of allegiance , flags everywhere etc. 
  migrants want to be , and are indoctrinated into being americans . 
  they are n't in europe . 
  and , let 's face it , it 's muslims who are the ones who do n't integrate the most , and america has a very small muslim population . 
  they 're importing supporters of the eu . 
  it 's the same thing tony blair did to britain . 
   undrestend i believe we did un-dresden back in the war . 
  i do n't think that is true at all . 
  i 'm against mass immigration as i hate seeing my culture destroyed , and i 'm staunchly against islam as i 'm a christian . 
  i 'm not however , a racist , not in the slightest . 
  / r/europe was incredibly left wing a year or two ago . 
  probably still is economically . 
  people are just starting to get fed up to the back teeth with what is happening to this continent . 
  ahh , imagine having to seek refuge from romania . 
  terrifying . 
  the iraq region yes . 
  syria , no . 
  there are much closer safe countries that they would be more at home claiming asylum in , was my point . 
  the asterisks are there for syria because i know a lot of syrians are staying in the neighbouring countries . 
  egypt because , while it is safe , it is a bit dodgy at the moment . 
  i do n't think that really matters , honestly . 
  there is no reason that europe should take them . 
  go somewhere which suits your culture and does n't require you having to risk you life to get there i.e. 
  good african countries like egypt * , tanzania etc. 
  or arab countries like the uae , saudi , jordan , lebanon etc. 
  did america really cause the syrian civil war ? 
  i do n't think it did . 
  it 's an extension of the arab spring , nothing to do with the yanks ( for once ) . 
  the only thing the americans ( and us ) can be blamed for is the the excursion of isis into iraq . 
  it 's mental . 
  we 're being effectively held to ransom by a bunch of uneducated somalians , eritreans and syrians * . 
  ... it will , though . 
  it depends on the government , but if we were actually controlling our borders , the government would be held accountable to immigration numbers . 
  they 'd have to keep them down to keep the populous happy . 
  hear . 
  a few blokes saved ` us ' . 
  it really does n't matter where they 're from . 
   islam is fine i ca n't see * any * problems with it at all . 
  none . 
  i should also add that i 'm completely blind .
