  the telegraph had both for and against arguments . 
  the issue was that any country could fish in our waters up to the limit . 
  the overfishing limit itself was never the issue . 
  how does it make you feel getting up every day knowing you 'll be spending the day judging people ? 
  come again ? 
  i agree , this is why i had to unsubscribe from / r/uk as it is the same there . 
  this whole topic is rather silly , no one seems able to understand that it was n't a pledge . 
  it was n't done by a political party . 
  the ad said we spend # 350m a week on the eu ( which is true but does n't account for what we get back , it 's about # 250m all in all , still huge ) , let 's spend that on the nhs instead . 
  to me , if someone is saying that but in no position to direct anything , they 're saying let 's spend it on something else , and giving an example . 
  if you saw that ad and thought something else , you 're an idiot . 
  commies supported it , corbyn supported it his whole life until the referendum , labour were traditionally against it , and working class people voted leave . 
  you 're making the mistake of thinking the labour party is genuinely left wing . 
  do you not have toilet paper at all ? 
  because they made it on paint or whatever, 
  you have specific bumhole cleaning towels ? 
  see you 've not evolved too much from the ol' community sponge-on-a-stick . 
  we use feet in england . 
  also metres . 
  in fact , if the majority of muslims were of the same denomination as them , the world would be a better place . 
  same goes for omani islam . 
  polls are usually 1000 . 
  nothing , just lots have moved here . 
  like the rest of the world , immigration from one country on a low level is fine , but lots from one country leads to problems . 
  christians do n't call for female slaves , or anything that radical really . 
  right , my point was that it 's not an excuse . 
  blacks account for over 50 % of robberies in london while they only make up about 14 % of the population of it . 
  also , i do n't know why gang warfare would change anything . 
  and was invented by an englishman !, 
  what ? 
  chavs are n't racists , that 's not a stereotype of them , there are tonnes of black chavs . 
   i think our police similarly to the us are more likely to arrest ethnic minorities disproportionately to their size however this doesnt start a massive outcry because someone is n't been beaten or killed by the police in the uk every other week . 
  also blacks in london are completely disproportionately represented in crime statistics . 
  yeah , i 've no issue with them doing this particular thing , where what you like . 
  however , when you actually stop and think as to why they 're doing this , which is that they 're doing this because they belong to a repressive religion which forces them to cover up their skin and not be seen swimming by other men when they 're married , then yeah , there 's an issue . 
  as always , it 's not really an issue with any particular muslims , but with islam itself . 
  it 's a no story because trump only said this if those countries would n't keep to the 2 % gdp target . 
  it 's completely fair . 
  it 's great fun . 
  democratically elected on a mandate to provide houses and jobs . 
  instead provide funds for my own swiss bank account and detain/execute anyone who considers voting for anyone but myself . 
  democracy !, 
  it 's also the best architecture style and i 'll personally disagree with anyone who says different . 
  p-perkele ... * gently caresses your earlobe *, 
  we 're not voting to leave europe . 
  well , they did n't , did they ? 
  they 've only ever pointed out that turkey has applied for membership , and if they joined , they would have free movement and their population is 79 million . 
  some joke ... 
  you 're worse than whats shown in this leaflet . 
  nice meme but turkey applied for eu membership ages ago , india and russia have n't . 
  best not to call people knobheads when you 're saying silly things yourself . 
   white people always need someone to hate i guess . 
  how is saying something like this any different from saying something like `` all jews are zionist banking lizards with big noses '' ? 
  not really . 
  i hear small men complain a fair bit often , and women say say so . 
  there are millions of sheep-welshmen hybrids out there though , they 're the ones messing up the statistics . 
  i regret posting in this sub . 
  such a low , low level of political discourse . 
  yes , i guessed you voted for miliband . 
  i 'm saying you were probably saying it was unfair to judge a man on his appearance ( bacon butty anyone ? ), 
  instead of policy . 
  well done judging politics on how people look . 
  bet you were one of the people saying how miliband should n't be judged for his looks , no ? 
  david davis is a good man . 
  not to mention they basically got the last one spot on . 
  so governments are dividing and conquering by annoying the public so they get voted out ? 
  ah , did n't understand why you mentioned israel . 
  yes i know . 
  yes , the same thing exists in britain too pal . 
  they 're family courts and for settling family and religious disputes etc. 
  they are n't allowed to give death penalties because firstly that 's completely illegal , and secondly they do n't give any judgement on the law of a nation itself as they 're not genuine courts of law . 
  so , let me get this straight , you do n't see executing homosexuals , adulterers and apostates as evil ? 
  oh , and if you think it makes you far right to oppose sharia law and the crushing of civil liberties it brings then you 're not worth arguing with . 
  ... what ? 
  no it should n't , i think you 'll find homosexuality and adultery both result in death penalties in sharia law . 
  nope , i think atheism is a death penalty , much worse to say allah does n't exist than saying he does but jesus is more of our guy than mohammed . 
  so ... judaism ? 
  no one is ever prepared for it . 
  no one has ac , someone always needs to nip out and buy a fan , and the entire population just generally suffers because no one is prepared for it . 
  i 'm saying its a problem when it 's warm for more than one day, 
  consecutive clear , warm days, 
  no , a birmingham accent is like the verbal form of tuberculosis, 
  op said funniest , not most horrific . 
  do n't miss start school really late in finland ? 
  would be quite bad for the economy i think . 
  yeah you can . 
  or throw the two surnames together as one . 
  oh no i did n't !, 
  telling a joke = / = trolling, 
  republic of ireland, 
  who buys tetra pack milk ? 
  never heard of that before . 
  it 's just rather strange . 
  seems annoying and like it would n't last as long as capped milk . 
  also , a lot of people in this seem to buy branded milk , which feels strange . 
  all our milk look the pretty much same regardless of producer . 
  racism is thinking races are different , with some being inferior etc. 
  racial profiling is n't racism . 
  and again , one situation is not representative of the entire system , is it ? 
  so all of the police are racist because you saw them ask a black man for his passport ?
