  i know here in the uk standard of living is still lower than it was a decade ago . 
  certainly not here in england . 
  there are a lot of places which wo n't even take scottish or irish pounds , despite them being legal tender and all . 
  oh definitely . 
  i currently have a canadian 25 cent coin which i was given in a shop when a bloke mistook for a ten pence coin , a zloty and 100 yen which i do n't want to get rid off . 
  i would quite like a collection of different coins , but the euro sort of spoiled that for me in europe :(, 
  who came up with that design and did n't look at it and didnt realise it looked like he was trying to hammer his willy off . 
  the 5 euro note really is small , is n't it ? 
  it always feels really trivial . 
  yeah , think how we feel every year when we go on holiday ... 
  exactly , i do n't know what is up with people in this thread . 
  a small smack which the kid wo n't even remember happening in 15 minutes is the best way to teach a child respect for authority . 
  this whole thread is ludicrous . 
  it 's perfectly fine to a hit a child on the hand if they misbehave severely . 
  it 's the best way to teach a child respect , it hurts for maybe 5 seconds tops , and causes no long term trauma . 
  the difference is this is not beating , it 's a singular smack on the bottom or what have you . 
  last time i checked men smacking women 's bottom 's was n't illegal ... * except in films * . 
  that 's a really surprisingly low number for britain . 
  i 'd expect it to be higher with the amount of people saying things like '' ** soldiers should be paid the same as footballers !!!!!!, 
  listen mate , hope i 'm not saying austerlitz was n't great . 
  it was fantastic . 
  but waterloo had more flair imo . 
  the allied army at austerlitz was poorly led . 
  it should be obvious to any decent general that when napoleon leaves his flank that weak he 's doing it because he wants you to attack there . 
   tfw no flair  tfw blucher elbow dropped napoleon outta nowhere  tfw scots greys banzai charge  tfw routed the old guard  tfw hougoumont  tfw ney sent in the cavalry and we formed squares for days  tfw the king of prussia used napoleon 's diamonds he left in his carriage for his crown jewels  tfw waterloo is the greatest battle of all time, 
  ah yes , the idea of a coin commemorating the old guard running away would be smashing . 
  and the british saying is `` the french will fight until the first drop of french blood . '', 
  al raqqah - capital of the islamic state in iraq and syria, 
   the church 's bishopry having seats in the house of lords is far more concerning than the head of state also being head of the church . 
  it is n't concerning at all . 
  they do n't have a tonne of seats , they 've been fairly sensible forever , and the cofe is incredibly progressive compared to other religious bodies . 
   after the brexit . 
  one can only hope . 
  i have german ancestors , but i do n't run around calling myself jerry , drinking litre glasses of beer and remilitarising the rhineland now , do i ? 
  ... from ? 
  i once asked an american this and he replied `` pizza , chinese takeout , bbq , mexican food and apple pie '' . 
  i wish he was joking , i honestly do . 
  great banter lads, 
  sorry , but why is everyone buzzing over this map ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  haha , oh bollocks , i 'm dreadful at typing on my phone . 
  i do n't recall them ever saying they were going to nationalise the railyway , only that they 'd force the companies to give fairer prices or something . 
  technically he does n't need to have a coalition with snp . 
  to be fair at that recent conference blair said that he sort of disagrees with miliband 's tactics and thinks that the only way to win a majority is by sticking to the centre . 
  so ... how much does the average croissant cost then ? 
  and how much more is it in paris ? 
  that 's just like saying a hammer and sickle is n't the symbol for communism . 
  yeah , you think the guarda civil would have changed their symbol from the fascist one by now . 
  yes , for free 'd slaves i think . 
  [ you 've already tried it once !, 
  ] ( http://www.atkinsglobal.com/~/media/images/a/atkins-corporate/images/signpost/channel_tunnel006.jpg ) luckily there was a random bloke in a smashing pair of overalls to put a stop to it . 
  depends really . 
  i for one am still salty about the third , fourth and fifth wars of the coalitions so i tend to try my best to insult all french people . 
  that being said , i love france and would love to stay there for a few summers over there . 
  i would of course march everywhere in a redcoat whilst holding a union flag banner and playing the british grenadiers on a recorder , just for good measure . 
  ukraine has a large army , but no , it can not beat russia in all out war . 
  not sure what makes you think this when you ca n't even beat the russian land forces in eastern ukraine , which are n't even using things like jets and helicopters , and have to stay fairly secretive . 
  afghanistan is afghanistan , even the british empire at its peak had trouble with it . 
  not sure about eritrea . 
  finland happened during/soon after the great purge , which left the red army 's organisation in tatters . 
  anyway , i was talking russia versus ukraine . 
  right , but russia is still russia , and ukraine is still ukraine . 
  russia wins every time . 
  it would be naive to think otherwise . 
  they know we 'd hire donald trump to rebuild hadrian 's wall if they tried moving the factory any further north . 
  wrong side of the face , right ? 
  cumbria was flooded a while back and the biscuit factory there took a large amount of damage [ and has only just opened again . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-cumbria-35985205 ) in just the last week shops ( at least the ones where i live ) have finally got certain types of biscuits back in that have n't been stocked for months . 
  i 've missed ginger nuts and bourbon creams so badly , i 've gone through about four packs in just the last week . 
  yeah . 
  what is sarcasm, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking selfie about me , you little bitch ? 
  ey , the priest 's wife is n't that bad, 
  you said something completely and utterly wrong , that no internet racist believes . 
  everyone opposes rape , and no one thinks it 's going to get them sex . 
  how ? 
  my reading comprehension is fine . 
  ` their ' means the citizens of their country . 
  again , how is being against rape them trying to get a shag ? 
  i really did n't strawman anything ... 
  it 's what you said . 
  yeah , i 'm sure these people are against rape because they think it will get them sex . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  definitely a sad situation , regardless . 
  the armenian genocide was a real thing . 
  this famine was a tragedy , and no doubt the british government had a hand in causing it , but it could n't be helped and sadly , was necessary . 
  oh here we go again . 
  those concentration camps were not like nazi ones . 
  they were camps for those who had lost their homes to live in , refugee camps if you will . 
  of course , you could n't leave them , but you were n't killed off or worked in them either . 
  yes , boers died in them , but so did british soldiers . 
  they died because of immense fuck ups with supplies , not because they were purposely killed . 
  i found our history focuses more on a specific person/set of people , i.e. 
  henry viii , hitler etc and then the social life in certain areas . 
  not much about any war or anything like that , outside of life in the first world war . 
  according to one individual . 
  who is obviously biased . 
  how is this relevant to a debate about a supposed genocide committed by churchill ? 
  first link is a book written by an indian author , and only a few years ago . 
  not something which can be taken as fact , certainly .
