  no , too dangerous . 
  we 're allowed nerf guns though , they do the job just fine . 
  hahaha . 
  i can see your dogmatic view on this is n't going to change . 
  you sound very insecure about the thought of losing a war . 
  you 're the ones who started the war !, 
  you did n't achieve any of your goals , you lost . 
  you tried invading somewhere , you did n't invade said place and the fighting took place in your country . 
  that is a dismal failure of your goals and in no way can be considered a victory . 
  no , america was never near beating britain as a superpower at that time . 
  nor for another 100 years . 
  you attacked the empire while we were busy fighting napoleon and you * still * could n't take canada . 
  it 's not just a city , it is the home of your president . 
  you chaps tried invading canada , you ended up with your capital being razed to the ground . 
  that 's a successful invasion , even if there was no legitimate victory ( we had more important things to do , like stopping bonaparte ) . 
  your war goal was to annex a portion of canada and you failed miserably , making you the losers . 
  i 'm sure if you lot managed to set buckingham palace on fire you 'd be calling it a victory . 
  shame about the mods . 
  i 've been banned on like three different accounts there because they ca n't take a joke . 
  yeah , the admiral had been dead for a couple of years by the time of the second one . 
  yes , but it seems that everyone called the bloke who proposed it a nutter and walked off . 
  til beer in metric is confusing . 
  reminds me of * 1984 * where the main character orders 2 half-litres * shudder *, 
  i 'm inclined to agree . 
  the cofe cathedral is much prettier . 
  i 'm moving to liverpool in autumn so hopefully i wo n't end up hating it as much as you !, 
  heh , i 'm starting to think i 'm a social outcast for getting up early . 
  i suppose , but it would have to be really quite late to be that annoyed by getting up at 9 . 
  the very large majority of people do n't , so it would n't be unwise to presume he does n't work nights . 
  calling it obnoxious reminds me of that chap who was yelling allahu akbar on an airplane . 
  yeah , fuck off mate . 
  here 's the video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5k7_0ir8hbo, 
  i 've heard some before and i live in lancashire too . 
  bear in mind i was only a kid playing on the park so this was some time ago , but i definitely heard one . 
  holy shit , is that band those chaps who won eurovision ages ago ?? 
  to be quite honest if you 're still asleep at that time you deserve to be woken up . 
  edit : christ , i did n't mean to upset this many people . 
  i think the call to prayer is a lot longer than church bells . 
  also bells sound nice , a bloke singing is n't as much ( not to say it is n't at all ), 
  that cathedral does n't even look like a church , [ it looks like some galactic parliamentary building from star wars . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/liverpool_metropolitan_cathedral_at_dusk_\\ ( reduced_grain \\ ) , _ corrected_perspective . jpg ), 
  just like their rifles . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ forgive ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ frenchies, 
   sail up the thames to burn your ships we were n't ready , it was cheating and you know it !, 
   install a dutch on a english throne we welcomed him with open arms . 
  we thought it better to be ruled by a protestant prince of orange than an english catholic . 
  we have n't had a good go at colonising for a while . 
  can it be us ? 
  please ? 
  while donbass is n't , crimea most certainly is part of russia , and it should stay that way . 
  for the people of the crimea 's sake . 
  edit : downvote me if you want , it does n't change the fact that crimea is 60 % russian and only 24 % ukrainian . 
  crimea , if not independent , wants to be with russia , not ukraine . 
  carry on hating russians . 
   at one point . 
  not for very long , though ... [  username is relevant ] ( #huzzah ), 
   about 17 % of nl 's land area is reclaimed land . 
  you know , i always forget just * how * swampy our swamp german friends are . 
  heh , nah i know he was irish . 
  he was an mp in the irish parliament before when was in the british . 
  besides , his family was anglo irish and because he was super posh he 'd have hardly had the accent !, 
  we 're nothing bloody like americans . 
  at all , really . 
  canadians are like americans ( but better ) , britain ? 
  not so much . 
  bar language , i have much more in common with a frenchman or german . 
  those are fighting words . 
  why are there so many americans, 
  apparently an acre was how much one could plough in a whole day by hand . 
  without animals or machinery it would be very difficult . 
  i reckon the vans have something to do with it . 
  if they were included , that i 'd . 
  americans did indeed dye said river green and a lot supported the ira , so i 'm not saying what they are like , i 'm saying what they have done . 
  you just said that it 's something to do with mexico , not america ... let 's not even get into this , it 's really irrelevant . 
  i doubt you know much about british culture and important days . 
  no i do n't mean that , i quite obviously mean it in the american fashion in that example . 
  `` i 'm proud of being prussian , let 's invade france '' no , excessive nationalism ? 
  sure . 
  being proud of their culture and country ? 
  good job ignoring the rest of my comment , though . 
  what a load of drivel . 
  it is n't silly at all , why would n't i be proud of my countrymen ? 
  why would n't i be proud of my nation 's long interesting past ? 
  no it has not . 
  nations are n't even that old of a concept , no one cared about their nation until around about the 1600s and so forth . 
  no one has gone to war because they 're proud of their nationality . 
  nonsense . 
  what about the great admiral horatio nelson who 's last words were `` god and my country '' ? 
  in fact , i 'd argue it 's the complete opposite . 
  it 's those who have nothing who do n't care about their country . 
  no i 'm not ... 
  i quite clearly said you only dye it green on the day . 
  cinco de what ? 
  no , it 's okay to be proud of being german * if you 're actually german . 
  * it is n't weird at all really , if you do n't have your culture then what do you have ? 
  britons who do n't drink tea or go to pubs ? 
  turkey not having kebabs to remove ? 
  the french getting upset when britons are better at cycling and just about everything else , apart from going on strike ? 
  besides , many , myself included , would argue we 're not conservative enough . 
  and in britain people identify as british , and in france as french and so on and so forth across the whole planet , mostly .
