  or perhaps they were banned at a club fancy dress night because they 're fucking huge - i wore a cowboy hat to a halloween party and even that was sometimes hitting people in the head , a sombrero would be twice as bad . 
  during a fair there was a mexican food restaurant that was handing out vouchers and sombreros to students . 
  the student union banned them as it was ` appropriating culture ' or some such nonsense . 
  iirc the restaurant owners were mexican . 
  you bastard . 
  and to think i actually decided not to write `` shit '' on france on my picture . 
  oh , and by the way , we still own the channel islands , which you have decided to sort of scribble over as france . 
  lovely beaches over there , so i hear . 
  still annoys me that they used mexico and not spain . 
  sorry mate , royal navy budget cuts and that . 
  you 'll have to pick up the slack . 
  an updated version to show britain more accurately : http://i.imgur.com/fyongm7.jpg, 
  ca n't stop laughing at brand 's hatch . 
  good job . 
  just because there are only flights once a week does n't mean that those destinations ca n't be reached in those times . 
  this map is n't a map of ` how quick you can go from your house to another country ' , it 's ship times only . 
  however long you have to wait for the ship or how often it runs is irrelevant . 
  point being more terrorists than civilians will die , by a long shot . 
  six , in two years . 
  that 's very low as far as war goes . 
  possibly it is , but in general very few civilians will die . 
  just look on youtube of the footage of british airstrikes , it 's very unlikely that a civilian could be caught in something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nynt961_gqk ) and [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_thv_qjtfs ), 
   what 's the best answer to violence ? 
  more violence !, 
  yeah . 
  would you rather we invited isis to buckingham palace for tea and a diplomatic chat ? 
  more violence certainly sorted the world for the better in the second world war , but i doubt you 'd know much about that . 
  we voted to bomb assad in 2013 , isis today . 
  saying syria does n't make this clear . 
  the pm can declare war without parliaments consent if he wishes to do so . 
  isis were created in the late 90s , before the war on terror . 
  ( as were al qaeda , might i remind you ) . 
  isis were nobodies until the gained land in syria during the civil war , something we had nothing to do with . 
  interestingly enough , not everyone uses those things . 
  if they did , and social media accurately represented the country , we 'd be looking at a 400 seat labour majority right now . 
  the way these airstrikes are coordinated leads to very few civilian deaths . 
  they 're accurate strikes on vehicles , usually . 
  so far , in all the us bombings of isis in iraq and syria , only 6 civilians have been killed . 
  [ angevin empire never forget , give back western france to it 's rightful owners ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3d/henry_ii%2c_plantagenet_empire.png ), 
  possibly , that 300 gold i 'd get for kicking the jews out might be necessary to fund my mercenary crusader army . 
  he should do , i have n't conquered the holy land in years . 
  so ... deus does n't vult ? 
  way to ruin the fun !, 
  i do n't see how they would , i side with the russians here also . 
  was turkey well within it 's rights to shoot down this jet ? 
  it seems it was , yes . 
  morally , were they * right * to shoot it down ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  yeah , plus we 've got a 6-6-6 monarch which helps stabilise things . 
  ooh look , a comet . 
  yeah , did n't ney say he was going to bring napoleon back in a cage or something ? 
  lol, 
  i believe that 's a training exercise for d day . 
  i love ouzo . 
  how similar is it to raki , is it different or exactly the same ? 
  cyprus too . 
  blackpool gets its name from a historic drainage channel ( possibly spen dyke ) that ran over a peat bog , discharging discoloured water into the irish sea , which formed a black pool ( on the other side of the sea , `` dublin '' ( dubh linn ) is derived from the irish for `` black pool '' ) . 
  another explanation is that the local dialect for stream was `` pul '' or `` poole '' , hence `` black poole '' . 
  it ai n't a conquering if we welcome you without fighting !, 
   i 'd say that the u-boat campaigns hit the uk more than the aerial bombardments , both in ww1 and ww2 . 
  right , but that is n't on british soil . 
  either way , i 'm still unsure about what op was saying . 
  sure . 
  was n't just london though , sheffield , liverpool , coventry , birmingham etc all got bombed . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/liverpool_blitz_d_5983.jpg ) a picture of liverpool after a bombing raid , miraculously that monument to queen victoria was never hit and is still standing to this day . 
  in that case , we * did * get bombed to shit in the second world war . 
  we 've got a lot more than the falklands , actually . 
  plus hm elizabeth ii is the queen of canada , australia , new zealand , belize , half the caribbean etc. . . 
  we went to war because of you , sort of , stop whinging about it . 
  neither the us nor britain has had long term peace ... 
  vladimir putin . 
  it 's well known in russia . 
  rurik is related to a lot of modern russians , supposedly . 
  down south . 
  posh bastards , i love them . 
  a very large amount of liverpool natives are descended from the irish . 
  you 've fucked up , my scottish friend . 
  also , no way am i living in scotland . 
  finally , i saw a chinese woman wearing a kilt in liverpool city centre the other day , not really relevant , but thought i 'd share . 
  op is in love with estonia , while you view it as a quick fuck . 
  we took a vow in 1707 mate , till death do us part . 
  do n't try any ` independence ' funny business . 
  how come we had to give back our guyana when you get to keep yours ? 
  i 'm glad my country has n't been conquered since the middle ages . 
  germans just do n't have the banter to be a foe . 
  honestly , germany is like that one weird kid in a school which eventually flips and tries murdering everyone . 
  only it does it again a few decades after saying sorry . 
  france and britain is more of a constant rivalry , between the two alpha males of the school of europe . 
  sweden is n't even trying , nor it seems want to , integrate immigrants . 
  and when i say sweden , i mean the main parties . 
  they 're too different economic wise , and much more corrupt . 
  there are very few reasons why someone from these countries who are on a low salary would want to remain there , when they could just move to another country and be instantly paid better . 
  sure , we as a species achieve fantastic things working together , but that is no basis to form a state on . 
  europe is too diverse to have agreeable policies , countries are too different . 
  we can still work with other european countries without being governed by the same laws as them . 
  we can still work together in the european space agency , for example . 
  we do n't need to have a centralised european government for that . 
  the situation was very different 40 years ago . 
  very different .
