  the second link is the same thing . 
   i 'm pretty sure franco did not only target political enemies . 
  we 're talking about killing off people by the state here . 
  cultural oppression does not fit under that . 
  could you provide a source for those two things ? 
  thanks . 
  the only thing that churchill did which could be classed as a genocide ( which it was n't ) was deciding to give food to soldiers fighting the axis powers instead of indian civilians . 
  did he commit genocide against them ? 
  i mean , he pretty much did . 
  i 'll be as cunty as i like to annoying people who feel the need to tell everyone they 're high to sound cool , and write daft comments whilst high . 
  [ he looks 110 % too much trotsky , grab your ice picks boys . 
  ] ( https://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/photo/t1900b.jpg ), 
  because communists are renowned for killing off the intellectual class , even just by killing everyone who wears glasses . 
  your comment was stupid , by the way . 
  it 's not a competition , but there is a massive difference in squashing dissent , and doing what stalin , hitler , pol pot etc did . 
  some of , not * the * . 
  reading comprehension . 
  it sounds to me like you just think everyone who does n't agree with your political world view an idiot . 
  there is no eurosceptic that things everything will be perfect after leaving , you 're chatting out your arse mate . 
  what 's it like wearing a monocle ? 
  fleetwood/blackpool checking in . 
  they took our jobs , now we 'll take theirs , wall building . 
  i can recommend this bloke . 
  nobody builds walls better than him , believe me . 
  seriously , what are you on about ? 
  my point was that people would quite like to see more military spending . 
  are you disputing this ? 
  in general , before you start going on about raising taxes or cutting , people like the idea of spending more on the military . 
  alright . 
  so you agree with my original point then . 
  so you admit that people do indeed want extra funding for the military , proving my point ? 
  probably . 
  but that does n't mean they do n't want military spending increased . 
  that is n't necessary , budgets can be cut elsewhere where not necessary . 
  the eu and nato are two separate entities and irrelevant to one another . 
  do we also need a political organisation with bahrain to have a base there ? 
   extra defence spending wo n't go down well with the public . 
  literally everyone i 've ever spoke too , apart from liberal university students and green party voters , want to spend more on the military/keep it the same . 
  the proper symbols of the uk . 
  hopefully this does n't count as being editorialised . 
  i used the subtitle instead of the actual title because `` teaching migrants how to behave '' is a rubbish title and does n't explain much . 
   of which less than 10 percent have been made in britain . 
  i 'd also be interested to see the article that graphic was attached to . 
  point ? 
   that was a quick fall from over a million to six thousand , was n't it ? 
  do you have trouble reading ? 
  i did n't say every migrant which has entered europe has gone to calais , did i ? 
   what are you talking about man ? 
  how does the fact of massive amounts of asylum-seekers leaving the country help your argument ? 
  they 're leaving poor countries for richer ones , indicating they 're seeking money , not safety from war . 
   this is an article about where asylum seekers come from . 
  literally nothing inside it talks about refugees returning to their homeland or staying in their refuge . 
  you said my assumption of only 1 in 5 were from europe was made up , i gave evidence proving otherwise . 
  again , do you have problems reading ? 
   in fact , it goes on to point out `` we found that the numbers of refugees in turkey , lebanon and elsewhere dwarf the number who have fled to europe . '', 
  no shit . 
  this does n't disprove or prove any point the either of us have made , i do n't even know why you mentioned it . 
  these people will return to syria if they do n't decide to move on to europe . 
  the ones in europe wo n't . 
  your view on this is amazing : genocide in germany = oh obviously the jews wo n't return . 
  genocide in isis held syria and political repression in assad held syria = yeah they 'll all return as soon as the wars over . 
   great , so they 're returning home . 
  glad we agree . 
  uh , no . 
  they 're not returning home . 
  they just wish they were getting more free stuff . 
   so fucking what ? 
  6,000 people might be an issue if the uk where the size of rotherham . 
  6,000 people are trying to move here just because of the language , even though they could get benefits in france . 
  this proves my point that people * will * move here once they have been given citizenship . 
   6,000 people is not your promised `` over one million . '', 
  i never said over one million people are in the calais camp at the moment or are going to move to britain . 
  i said a million have entered europe , and when they are given citizenship in a few years they can then move legally to britain . 
  i 'm absolutely convinced you do have trouble reading . 
   okay , go on then : how will it effect your country and therefore yourself ? 
  things which happen that change my country obviously effect me . 
   under 150,000 declared refugees have entered europe ... from syria . 
  only 1 in 5 european migrants are from syria . 
  [ a million asylum applications alone have been received in europe , so this is n't even counting the ones on the move . 
  ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/ed8e/production/_87341806_europe_migrant_numbers_sep2015.png )  ... what ? 
  what are the ones who end up in calais ? 
  there are 6,000 people in the calais jungle . 
  yeah , these are people who do n't think france or germany are good enough , they want to be in england because they speak the language . 
   what the hell are you talking about ? 
  those who do n't wish to stay in the country are the ones in the poorer countries . 
   both of those are assumptions pulled entirely out of thin air . 
  there 's nothing at all to prove refugees do n't return to their home after the war ends . 
  it happens at the end of literally every conflict in human history . 
  http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-migrants-syria/21625 lol no . 
  tonnes of german jews * did n't * return to germany after the war . 
  back in the past , running away from conflict meant hiding out in the hills for a while , not hiking across an entire continent to somewhere much wealthier . 
   we also see stories every week about grumpy migrants returning home because the promised land of europe was n't what they thought it was going to be . 
  yeah , because they 're economic migrants . 
  a genuine refugee does n't care about that , they care about being safe . 
   a lot of a small number is a smaller number , and again , this is apropos of nothing . 
  there are 6,000 people waiting in calais . 
  there are many times that in munich alone . 
  6,000 people who do n't think france and germany are good enough for them . 
   you 're complaining about problems that will never effect you at all for reasons that you have n't explained other than `` there will be muslim migrants . '', 
  so yeah , highlighting the absurdity of that statement by showing how unreasonable it is ?
