i 'm not sure if i follow correctly . 
  barbarossa was the invasion of soviet russia , which happened way after the fall of france . 
  i 'm sorry but there was not a chance in hell that poland could have beaten , or defended against for a long time , nazi germany . 
  germany had an extra 400,000 troops , 4 times the number of tanks and 6 times the number of aircraft . 
  they could have held out a while longer , sure , but there is no doubt they would have lost regardless . 
  germany did n't invade france until 6 months after poland surrendered , so poland lasting longer would n't have had much difference in the long run . 
  never said they were ... 
  that picture is very clever !, 
  i 'm not going to lie , i have mixed up sweden and switzerland before . 
  i abruptly corrected myself however , because i went to school once . 
  i can confirm this to be true, 
  the wide majority of crimeans want to be russian regardless , it 's not quite like they 're conquering them against their own will . 
  also , how is russia supplying the ukrainian separatists any different from us supplying the syrian rebels ? 
  did n't think so . 
  it seems all western media is trying to make everyone scared of russia . 
  has there actually been any evidence of this russian submarine ? 
  ikea sell food ? 
  i thought they sold furniture ? 
  not if you 're from the middle [ east ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_6fv0tcwji ), 
  it 's pork and you know it , jerry . 
  embrace the pork . 
  love the pork . 
  appreciate the pork . 
  a wise man once told me that only the smartest people on the planet can judge a whole 64 ~ million people by the teeth of one man . 
  eesti can not into nordic . 
  only country with big stronk man iz one of viking norse man . 
  eesti can only into soviet union :(, 
  yeah , they 'd probably make more money by just not funding the terrorists . 
  but , some people just refuse to see reason . 
  there is n't . 
  the whole prospect of this is ridiculous . 
  for oil ? 
  how would funding terrorism get america more oil ? 
  i can imagine him being issued some super camouflage bulletproof lederhosen, 
  `` good evening mr bond . 
  i 've been expecting you . 
  you 're probably wondering what my evil plan is , so let me explain . 
  i 'm going to raise the price of student tuition . 
  * again . 
  * strokes pet nick clegg *, 
  however , funding rebels for 1.2 ducats a turn is severely hurting their economy . 
  i suggest putin should build a couple of temples . 
  britain army stronk ... 
  conquered half world ... must resist ... ---------------------------- zulu detected . 
  ---------------------------- must invade world again . 
  yeah i saw a picture today of a huge queue of people lining up outside of a recruitment office in ukraine . 
  my guess is after your independence day everyone is feeling super nationalistic . 
  i love how the french get asterix & obelix !, 
  the first violence came from people who were protesting his death , than all the twats jumped at the opportunity to nick a tele from the local electronics shop . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am . 
  could n't imagine having people walking around carrying things designed to kill people ... 
  no way . 
  not happening . 
  not only would it be very expensive , it is n't necessary and no one wants that . 
  we got rid of the death penalty because innocent people die and it is n't civilised . 
  a lot of innocent people will die if all police carry guns . 
  i do n't believe that for a minute . 
  show me different sources . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure the murder rate in the usa is way higher than the uk . 
  imo we have the best police force . 
  they are n't intimidating and they feel like they 're actually there for the people . 
  i 'd gladly walk up to a british police officer and talk to them . 
  i 've been to the usa , france and spain and i would not speak to any of the police there , they 're all rather intimidating . 
  [ indeed . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uf5-enwlygu ), 
  if they do n't have guns they 're going to have a hard time shooting them ... 
  various reports have confirmed that schnitzel has been producing chemical & nuclear weapons , funding terrorism and has been stockpiling weapons of mass destruction . 
  and the lost person that they shot ended up causing huge riots across the country ... 
  if you wish to watch the video here it is http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=066_1408485681 most of it is just a speech , the guy is definitely british , and the cut out `` most '' of the beheading . 
  you do see the beginning of it though and its awful . 
  the bloke was very brave throughout the whole ordeal , and seemingly calm . 
  he does n't cry or anything , almost like he has accepted his death . 
  very unnerving if you ask me . 
  i 'm thinking of either leeds or sheffield . 
  i 'll have to see which one i prefer in an open day . 
  that 's the reason i wanted to know ; i 'm considering leeds for a uni . 
  does n't seem too bad . 
  the architecture . 
  very similar to the average house in britain . 
  its just that i googled it and this is what came up . 
  http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-zcf5xggqyhs/thriy6txdwi/aaaaaaaaa3o/s-zlj4qmqmg/s1600/pussikalja.jpg http://superpetra.ratata.fi/site/data/2940/images/pussikalja.jpg, 
  why do you hate cyprus ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  is that a lake or a road behind the trees ? 
  it seems belgium looks a lot like britain , apart from brussels . 
  same here but on a beach . 
  mcdonalds was mandatory at opening time at 6 o'clock or whenever it was . 
  best coffee and bacon butty i 've ever had . 
  good old glen 's vodka . 
  literally beer in a plastic shopping bag ? 
  why ? 
  whats wrong with leeds ? 
  ca n't imagine doing anything normal like working and shopping in nighttime . 
  weird . 
   as well as somewhere he can comment his views ? 
  do n't pretend that a lot of people in donetsk do n't want to be part of ukraine . 
  they rebelled without russia , now they rely on it . 
  again , you 're talking in a black and white fashion . 
  look at it as if you 're describing the situation to someone who has never even heard of the conflict . 
  saying russia `` annex territory and directly foster foreign separatists '' is gives off one opinion , while saying `` annex territory and directly foster foreign separatists , who rebelled after there was a coup of the ukrainian government . '',
