  and even then , there was a fair amount of opposition to it . 
  no , i do like that idea . 
  however , free movement was terrible the moment eastern and south eastern europe joined the eu . 
  i 'm willing to give up the ability to work wherever in europe to do what i think is best for my country , and that 's leaving the eu . 
  hopefully we will vote to leave . 
  europe is great , the political union , not so much . 
  sorry , but i think it 's pretty obvious that britain does n't want any part in a european megastate . 
  ... what ? 
  bloody yanks i swear . 
  father christmas :  possibly a rotating number of wives go on my son . 
  apparently both vehicles caught fire , terrible . 
  yeah , how come ? 
  i ca n't see any threads for it . 
  it 's true . 
  they ca n't be held accountable to anything because they are n't a country , so they can sit back and say `` shame on you britain for not taking more than 20,000 syrians ! '', 
  fuck , i ca n't believe i missed this , duke . 
  i would have had much memery to conduct in / r/inglin . 
  why do americans come here, 
  someone post the greentext about classroom roman cohorts . 
  indeed i imagine a lot of people are thinking that . 
  but , muslim terrorists tend not to attack schools , and tend not to wear masks . 
  they go into the attack expecting to die i think , and you would n't wear a mask if you were planning on dying . 
  yeah , can you imagine the numbers then ? 
  five people wounded when the attacker had a weapon you can actually run from ... 
  finland is okay . 
  stands for leg before wicket . 
  seriously , i do n't understand why people find it so hard to understand ... 11 people a side , one bats and one bowls/fields . 
  two batters on the field at a time , the whole fielding team on the field at a time . 
  the rest of the batters sit and drink tea or beer . 
  bowler tries to knock the wooden things over , batter tries to stop that happening by hitting the ball away . 
  he then runs to the other side , as does the other batter ( the one not batting but still on the field ) , and the runs are counted . 
  if it goes past the barrier without touching the floor its a six , with its a four . 
  if the ball is caught without bouncing , the batter is out . 
  if the bale is knocked off the wickets , the batter is out . 
  if lbw , handled the ball , hit the ball twice , stumped , field obstruction , excessive twattery , you 're out . 
  simple !, 
  different culture . 
  this is the reality of multiculturalism . 
  as charles de gaulle said on the subject : try to mix oil and vinegar together . 
  shake the bottle . 
  after a while , they get separated again . 
  migrants grow old too . 
  japan has a similar ` problem ' , do you know what they 're not doing ? 
  allowing mass immigration water down their culture . 
  instead , their population is slowly dropping . 
  i 'd much rather that happen in my country , at least then housing will be cheaper . 
  also , 250,000 british citizens were born last year , we do n't need immigration at all . 
  only the businesses that need their exploitative labour do . 
  not like christians . 
  we 're allowed to get wankered and eat bacon , after all . 
  no , likely not . 
  but , you never know . 
  can you point out some `` tin foil '' comments in this thread ? 
  i have n't seen any . 
  hopefully we 'll vote to leave the eu and save ourselves from this mess . 
  it 's a shame what merkel has done , there is no way on earth that these people should be allowed to freely move to britain in a few years . 
  i wish we 'd being back grammar schools . 
  are you trying to imply that this was n't happening under the last labour government ? 
  lol . 
  facebook * did * pay their tax bill . 
  they 've done nothing illegal here . 
  it 's the government that should be held accountable to this . 
  but it was never designed as trickle down , nor advertised so . 
  everyone got tax cuts under those governments , not just the rich . 
  and there is definitely truth to saying lowering tax increases employment prospects , but there is a place where you draw the line in my opinion . 
  i think britain has it spot on at the moment , 20 % lower , 40 % upper income tax , and soon the be 19/18 % corporation tax . 
  did he actually promote trickle down economics ? 
  i 've always been taught it 's a made up thing , but i 'll happily be proved wrong if possible . 
  trickle down economics is a myth . 
  no right winger had ever campaigned on that premise , it 's a term/theory made up by socialists . 
  free market economics has always been about doing it yourself . 
  voting for a party = / = agreeing with everything their politicians say , understanding them completely, 
  no one fucking knows . 
  importing voters and trying to show people they 're really nice people ( but fucking over natives in the process ), 
  hon hon hon, 
  apparently mr bin sultan is offended by penises . 
  who would have thought . 
  who are you kidding , we all know british plugs are the best . 
  also , 230 volt masterrace . 
  wrong . 
  i 've explained to you multiple times why it 's an issue with the eu and not the uk government , but you just seem to ignore them and carry on saying it . 
  even then , that does n't change the fact that we have to ask for a share to fish in our own national waters . 
  a share . 
  completely unfair given the circumstances . 
  it 's not really their fault . 
  it 's just disadvantageous to us as british waters are so rich with fish , much more so than continental counterparts . 
  that means nothing , the eu fishing policy was in force long before 2008 , it came about in the 70s . 
  have you ever actually spoken to an english fisherman ? 
  the eu destroyed their livelihoods . 
  what ? 
  no , the government was powerless to stop them from being sold . 
  that 's not what we see at all . 
  the eu system is terrible for our fishermen . 
  people are selfish . 
  that 's sort of why governments exist . 
  i believe they did and then they were bought out by the large european fishing companies . 
  now , or before the eu ? 
  i never said it was illegal , just that it disadvantages british fishermen . 
  having free fishing throughout the eu sounds like a good idea on paper , but when you realise british waters are some of the best fishing grounds , you can see how it is n't fair on our fishermen . 
  or the government ?
