  sort of works mate . 
  it will effect my country , therefore also myself . 
  toilets need a good clean i think, 
  over a million have entered europe so far . 
  this is pretty well known information , a quick google will suffice if you do n't believe me . 
  secondly , no , they 're the ones who end up in calais . 
  thirdly , yeah , in bulgaria . 
  that 's about it . 
  fourthly , no , not all . 
  i imagine a small percentage will wish to return to syria . 
  just a small percentage though . 
  and only 1 in 5 are from syria , the rest are practically all economic migrants , they 're not going back . 
  fifth , no , not all of them . 
  a lot of them will , though . 
  we have a large economy , a large muslim population , and we speak english . 
  probably never see them ? 
  is that meant to be an argument ? 
  ah , no need to worry about these things , i ca n't actually see them with my own eyes , therefore they do n't exist !, 
  so your response to me pointing out that there are actually quite a lot of migrants from these countries , contrary to what you said , is ` so what ' ? 
  great argument mate . 
   i 'm sure that if you start off from the assumption that foreigners are bad ... then this all seems very important and dire . 
  but i 'm not seeing anything here that 's actually objectively a problem for the uk . 
  immigration rates are way to high to ever be sustainable . 
  we 're getting around the population of liverpool immigrating here * each year * . 
  how is n't it ? 
  four years ago the estimate for poland was 600,000 immigrants . 
  so , it will be more now . 
  and then there is the children they will/have had which is n't included in this figure . 
  this is for a country with less than 40m population . 
  it 's safe to guess that if poland had germany 's population than it would be almost two million by now . 
  130,000 lithuanians , from a country of just under three million citizens . 
  so , about one twentieth of lithuania have moved to britain . 
  70,000 of latvia 's two million have moved here . 
  just look at [ this graph , ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lgcgiqy.png ) these people are n't just vanishing into mid air you know . 
  oh , and if you did n't know , these numbers are * with * the restrictions that we put in place on immigration from these countries . 
  they were let in with a clause which meant we could limit the immigration . 
  this only expired two years ago , and there have been no estimates of population since after then , so the numbers could be very much higher indeed . 
  a lot of the migrants already speak english , which is my reasoning as to why they 'd want to move to britain . 
  it 's evident that there are plenty of migrants thinking this way , hence the jungle camp in calais . 
  i 'm sure many people said the same before ex soviet states were admitted to the eu . 
  they were wrong then , just as you 're wrong now . 
  shop signs . 
  i went down a street and nearly all the shops were in arabic . 
  it feels like a foreign country . 
  many signs are n't even in english but in arabic instead . 
  yeah if you look at my other comment i realised that . 
  used to it in german haha . 
  merkel is supposed to be right and yet shes the one who opened the floodgates . 
  maybe for some . 
  but that conflict is n't ending any time soon . 
  and only one in five of the migrants are actually from syria . 
  deporting back to there is a lot easier than deporting someone back to somewhere in the middle east or africa . 
  these people do n't even say where they 're from so they ca n't be sent back . 
  let 's not confuse genuine refugees with the economic migrants entering europe . 
  no , they 'll just yap on about how they 're refugees and if they go home they 'll be killed , all rubbish really . 
  and then move legally . 
  the number of eu migrants is miles higher than illegal ones . 
  ha ha ha ha, 
  well , i think london is a shithole too . 
  in my opinion , the beauty of england is in the towns and small cities . 
  i 'd much rather live in manchester , liverpool or sheffield than london . 
  i agree with this . 
  birmingham is better only in population size . 
  what happens when they inevitably permanently settle in europe ? 
  these people will never return , they will do everything they can to stop it from happening . 
  good job . 
   birmingham , uk : not exactly renowned for its beauty , says the travel guide . 
  ugly cities are fascinating , just as british series , if they are placed in a awful environment . 
  the industrial birmingham has been filled with smoke and everything that the luftwaffe did not destroy has been demolished . 
  spot on really . 
  it 's a shithole . 
  completely ugly with no buildings that make you think it 's an old city . 
  oh , and over 20 % of it 's citizens follow the religion of islam . 
  and it 's got an annoying accent . 
  what ? 
  are you calling the 5th largest economy & military in the world an ` island monkey ' ? 
  come again ? 
  eu = free movement of people in europe . 
  in a few years those millions of migrants will likely be given citizenship , and be able to move here . 
  no , i do n't think any sort of genocide should happen , that would be terrible . 
  i 'm ` hinting ' that there is a genuine reason for europeans to have a problem with muslim immigration . 
  yup , all europeans are stupid . 
  jews in germany were bankers , tailors etc. 
  muslims today in europe are more likely to be fast food workers and criminals , compared . 
  fascism is an economic system . 
  it is n't even inherently racist . 
  national socialism is , though . 
  no way , the opposite in fact . 
  farage constantly calls le pen and trump too extreme . 
  your opinion seems to have come from reddit , where left wingers are more common and tend to exasperate things . 
  as they always do . 
  the bias of the bbc is terrible , and really shows through when on topics like immigration . 
  spain does n't either . 
  italy just had a super bad come down after the roman empire finally died off there . 
  south america , mexico , ny then europe ? 
  why the need to go through the us ? 
   which will keep growing after graduation . 
  why ? 
   not sure about sombreros but presumably some su somewhere has banned them during fancy dress parties . 
  obviously , a students ' union being overzealous is going to be the downfall of free speech .
