thanks for the insight . 
  they 're free not to sell , i said nothing about this . 
  who 's forcing them to sell at a low price ? 
   are selling their product at a loss but in the end is n't this how the free market should work ? 
  who sets these prices , are they set by the government ? 
  25 years ago my country 's economy was state-run , along with subsidies for everything . 
  then the regime was changed , imf and the west all said that 's not feasible , and with good arguments like how the free economy should work and so on . 
  obviously all industries were very uncompetitive ; it was very painful for everybody . 
  but ( try not to read too much into this ) now i 'm seing bruxelles caving in to the same kind of demands that just create precedents of crying for state help when you 're inefficient or just into a dying industry sector . 
  it 's the simple solution to just throw money at the problem , but money wo n't solve anything if the problem is systemic . 
  so instead of burning stuff and making a mess , why not run some ads in the media to encourage buying locally produced meats and dairy ? 
  this is absurd . 
  they 're blackmailing for subsidies . 
  `` give me or i do bad things ! '', 
  these things should never be encouraged . 
  but i think it does , in the long run . 
  less corruption -  * less money get pocketed * fewer shit contracts get awarded to parasite companies ( hopefully they 'll learn how to do business the right way ) * fewer positions occupied by incompetent people that bribed their way or got there based on suspect `` friendships '' * this wealth that 's left unstolen will eventually get to the right places . 
  what i 'd love to see next is a true reform of the education system . 
  you ca n't have progress without brainz . 
  as a side comment , i just traveled from vama veche to northen moldova . 
  all the fields are filled with crops , it 's a pleasure to drive and see agriculture being done . 
  i remember maybe 10 years ago i would drive around and see nothing but bad weeds and dirt . 
  now sunflower , grains , new tractors . 
  call me silly but i think we 're moving in the right direction . 
  or you are . 
  yes that 's what i was trying and perhaps failed to say , that roma speak their country 's language ( + sometimes roma language ) , but natives do n't know roma . 
  i only said it about romanian because i thought it was a funny sentence to read . 
  huh ? 
  why would i be ? 
  all roma people speak romanian language , no romanian speaks romani language . 
  not all roma speak romani language . 
  true story . 
  just curious , how did you get the citizenship ? 
  side note , this makes me a bit sad . 
  our citizenship does not seem to be worth too much by itself . 
  i guess it 's somehow understandable , sigh . 
  by the way , western ro is growing rapidly and it is in great demand there . 
  upvoted for using pen and paper . 
  and it 's nice !, 
  poor thing looks like he has n't eaten in weeks !, 
  feed your lion , dear !, 
  that too , lol . 
  man i so wish people would n't spread this inflammatory crap all over the internet . 
  this is 100 % bullshit . 
   take a gun a shoot at each islamist dude you see nice strawman . 
  but it degrades the conversation . 
  honestly , what do you think would be a better one than military intervention in syria/iraq to take down isis ? 
  because they wo n't fizzle out on their own and will keep exporting this kind of shit ... maybe there are some brainwashed idiots that , seeing what happened , now want a piece of fame for themselves . 
  otherwise , what else ? 
  ask them to stop ? 
  turn 180deg and support assad ? 
  wait for russia to finish them off ? 
  a cold blooded execution of more than 130 innocent people , that could have been 200 or even more . 
  i am not saying that there is no young immigrant integration problem , but what happened yesterday smells totally different . 
  the source is outside of france , it should be dealt with there . 
  or else , when ? ... 
  when there will be 1000 dead ? 
  never ? ... 
  that is a stupid thing to say and not worthy to comment on . 
  but it seems you are very fond of that reply , since you 're using it that often , 
  perhaps such thing is what is needed . 
  long term occupation with billions in aid for reconstruction and education . 
  to be honest , any gypsy worth his salt already paid a few visits . 
  as i said , not being part of schengen does n't stop people from traveling and working in the eu almost at all . 
  hence my tinfoil hat theory . 
  i just want to point out that this is the reason we ( romanians and bulgarians ) are upset about the our schengen deal ( or lack of ) . 
  it really does have a significant impact . 
  another thing i 've been pondering is what if we 're denied schengen because it would ease trade routes coming from the black sea ? 
  from turkey from example . 
  but i admit i am not very knowledgeable about these things , it 's just something i have been thinking about . 
  not really . 
  they 're death cults if they worship anything that have to do with the death itself . 
  these people . . well they are kind of devoted to death byproducts , 
  they both look like two drunks . 
  except that he 's not going to run for ... not sure for what , a parliament seat ? 
  anyway , that 's the guy you want in power : the one that does n't want the power . 
  uuuh - uuh , look at him whipping out his big salary !, 
  if non whites dont ' want to participate/dont ' care , it is not white people 's fault . 
  it is not like the attendants were selected by a committee . 
  dick stomp them . 
  i was thinking more about a setup in the rural areas . 
  shitfaced they will get  or most of them anyway . 
  i always liked how you guys can just sit for hours at a caf\u00e9 and just drink coffee or cola or just water . 
  and not get shitfaced from alcohol  try putting three grown men at a table in eastern europe for an afternoon and you 'll have to carry them home on a stretcher !, 
  got nothing against their race per se . 
  but i do hold a grudge against their shitty part of their culture that glorifies making your way in life by tricking people , stealing , bullying , etc. 
  how is it wrong to be against that ? 
  it is not about the skin tone , it is about their behavior !, 
  and yes , if a group of people constantly does shitty things , you can hold that against them as a group . 
  be it romanians or whatever . 
  i will not label you a racist . 
  on topic : segregation in school ? 
  hell no , fuck that shit . 
  education is the only way . 
  it 's just that i am so tired of people from western europe or us being up in arms about how we are treating them bad when in my real experience it 's the fucking opposite . 
  i have been mugged twice by gipsies and saw first hand how toxic their culture is . 
  must have been dreaming or something . 
  is this why that post had so many upvotes yesterday ? 
  people honestly believing the idiocy that the tank came from romania ? 
  uhh .
