sure . 
  they went to school for as long as it was mandatory , and not a bit more . 
  you obviously do not live in a shitty country and in a rural area . 
  my parents were doing farm work as children since they can remember . 
  nononono , that 's your side !, 
  have n't you been watching the news ? 
  the more adjectives a country has the shittier it is . 
  this is a fact . 
  200k what ? 
  rice grains ? 
  we have a deal . 
  that 's hilarious and creepy at the same time . 
  that 's depressing :(, 
  it 's either that or refusing to take part . 
  russia , china and the us would n't be in a organization that could tell them what to do . 
  no shit , you would think they would try to remarket the movement instead of trying to look like the bad guys from an 80 's action flick . 
  let 's hope he does n't pull a aegon iv and legitimizes all of them on his death bed . 
  even a list of the european parties and what they stand for , and what national parties ` back ' each of these european parties would be a great help !, 
  i 'd like to introduce you both to europa universalis and take your expansionist aggression there . 
  also / u/falconberger , good luck taking switzerland . 
  their well trained and armed militias and the terrain would make any invasion a nightmare . 
  signed !, 
  never heard about this . 
  are those people ukranian citizens ? 
  if they are , they should be treated as traitors and be stripped of citizenship . 
  most of the time i put subtitles on because i 've grown up with them and without them i do n't even know where to look . 
  portugal here , we had it the other way around : `` and there 's the god theory , if you think you were created with magic lol good for you '', 
  what about cyprus then ? 
  i should learn how to read , i have no idea how i missed that, 
  you should crosspost this to / r/vexillology !, 
  you shut your mouth , licorice is great . 
  hey guys , this man just had sex !, 
  i said this guy just had sex !, 
  give him a break , he 's 2 years old . 
  i thought canada 's only relation with the uk was that you have the same head of state . 
  are canadians really also eu citizens ? 
  yes, 
  it 's not , and i think many people would rather have these problems be kept out of europe . 
  is there anything this man wo n't do ? 
  care to elaborate on how britain would turn into a republic if charles inherits ? 
  i 'm really interested . 
  i know he is not loved by many , but does he have the power to dissolve the monarchy if he so desired ? 
  or would this pressure come from the outside ? 
  is it true what they say ? 
  are erasmus girls really the best in the world ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's right there , after the sentence . 
  would the poster lie to me ? 
  statist capitalism coupled with an authoritarian regime is n't communism . 
  it says so on the tin !, 
  the thing about portugal was that if something costed , for example , 100 escudos it would cost 1,00 $ after the change . 
  for someone who has n't got the currency down , this seems familiar and makes you think not much has changed . 
  however , 1 euro was about 200 escudos at the time of the switch , so some people definitely took advantage of the situation to massively increase prices . 
  if it is going to be anything like portugal 's situation , prices will skyrocket ( everything doubled in price when we changed to euros ) . 
  i did n't know this , thanks for the information . 
  i have n't burned any , but it 's a piece of cloth like any other . 
  i wonder if i can form a micronation , give it a flag and then burn it . 
  burning flags is treason ? 
  brb getting arrested for flag murder, 
  they 're ... fluffy . 
  i can not even begin to imagine the investment necessary to get britain to physically leave europe . 
  you seem upset . 
  why does the block send them away when she can just nom their heads off ? 
  i do not speak for my country . 
  oh you meant historically ... 
  since you mentioned the eu i was thinking of france today . 
   was always the most liberal ( in the sense of progressive ) state in eu i stated two examples in which you can see this is not true . 
  i asked for examples where this was true and instead , you downvote me . 
  it most certainly is not . 
  it has one of the most regressive laws on cannabis use in europe , still does n't have legal gay marriage , how exactly can france be the most liberal state in eu ? 
  went in expecting hyper-weapon . 
  was disappointed . 
  just saying  it 's not that surprising that people with more similar languages would learn these languages more easily . 
  closest geographically , not in language structure . 
  relevant username, 
  because some people are blind and they need money as well . 
  source ? 
  they 're also not in the eu . 
  downvoted for stating facts . 
  but not impossible, 
  the fact that you 're german either makes this funnier or less funny, 
  they 're obviously fascists collaborating with the nationalist government, 
  i thought they did them in the same room ? 
  there 's a lot of overlap between them, 
  it 's supposed to be making fun of the british loving queues, 
  because he looks like an illegal immigrant, 
  found the leave voter . 
  russia has been funding nationalist parties in the eu for years . 
  a dismembered union is the best thing they could hope for . 
  oh ok i didnt know, 
  but can you `` lobby '' legislation to benefit yourself while telling poor people who to vote for if they do n't want their tax money going to colored people or women in sweden ? 
  go fuck yourself . 
  these people often work upwards of 24h with no breaks in hellish environments so people do n't burn to death or have all their belongings go up in smoke . 
  show some respect, 
  it 's never used in that context , he 's talking out of his ass, 
  every thread, 
  i find that ridiculous and hilarious . 
  though if it gets below 10 \u00b0 i 'll be the first to complain about the cold, 
  lmao what agenda ? 
  because that 's mostly what i 've been doing these past few months .
