was n't fyr makedonia also yelled at for keeping their borders closed ? 
  one in three somalis suffers from mental illness . 
  this is a quite controversial topic in fact . 
  it 's indisputable that it 's true , as it 's been studied by the [ who ] ( http://www.who.int/hac/crises/som/somalia_mental_health/en/ ) but you wo n't find many scientists daring to discuss the cause . 
  i 've heard people saying that it 's caused by cousin marriages being legal and very common there ( i 'm likely going to get downvoted solely for saying that on reddit ) . 
  but it was n't elementary school that kicked off your creativity was it ? 
  back in the day i was in there were huge shortages and our one teacher had to fill hours of music and art . 
  studying algebra and solving greek language `` homework '' while i was supposed to be drawing was n't creative at all . 
  the person holding the microphone is a priest too ? 
  he seems to have a collar . 
   the marshal islands ; micronesia ; palau ; ** tuvalu ** but , why ? 
  i knew you 'd be the first to post this . 
  51 % greeks said understand english well enough to be able to use it for online communication and somehow this is among the highest measurements in europe ? 
  ( most is malta with 64 % ) . 
  [ shish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh0cszdhwg0 ), 
  are you taught to memorize those so you can call out people on the internet ? 
  in theory , following someone around and replying to them could make them feel uncomfortable . 
  again , i do not support this supposed anti-harassment rule , but a mere message to the admins by the person feeling uncomfortable could get you banned . 
  and that 's reddit for you and me . 
  your res flair could get you shadowbanned . 
  not that i support the silly rule about ` respecting the human ' but you ought to be careful if you care . 
  you see , reddit was n't built for transparency . 
  you might wan na use a third party tool if you really care about trasparency of your mod logs . 
  / r/publicmodlogs/36j251 / edit : spelling, 
  racist under certain standards , those standards are an opinion . 
  your logic is kinda flawed . 
  the iso code is subject to dispute according to the wikipedia page you linked . 
  i do n't think they were trying to use official iso codes either since gre is n't the code for greece . 
  i would n't describe it as love . 
  if you were asked if you 'd approve of x politician as a prime minister , love would n't be a requirement . 
  imo it 's more similar to the referendum , where people were thinking on a more country wide level when considering what to vote . 
  the percentage indicates how many people think said politician would make a good pm . 
  of course , the percentage of voters that voted for syriza was much lower since there are things like ideology , personal/local interests ( and more ) that stand in between thinking a party leader would make a good pm and actually voting for his party . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.skai.gr/files/1/maira/pamak_1-3_septemvriou.pdf ) the little paper note with the dots below it indicates the point where a. samaras resigned . 
  i like how i got replies that ranging from concerns about democracy to outright anarchism and they all got upvoted . 
  i personally think it 's funny . 
  there 's nothing more political instability could offer to greece . 
  never before elected mps are leaving syriza to create their own party . 
  clearly they 're taking advantage of the situation for their own personal advantage . 
  as well as to cater to their ideological beliefs . 
  things would have been much more serious if they had n't campaigned to push the current government away from its position and elections came after the full four-year term . 
  personally i do n't think there was demand by the people for elections at this point . 
  political party per capita is at an all times high . 
  you 're now part of it . 
  we drink from a very young age . 
  probably 12-13 , and there 's no specific law to indicate that it 's illegal . 
  iirc , it 's unlawful to sell alcohol to minors ( but never enforced ) . 
  public intoxication , public drinking , possessing alcohol while underage are not illegal . 
  driving while intoxicated is however very illegal . 
  drinking is only considered normal if you 're with friends however . 
  you 'll very rarely see greeks go in pubs/clubs to drink alone . 
  it 's also not common to drink while dining with family in your own home . 
  on special occasions like family unions and celebrations there 's plenty of alcohol and strong drinks like raki and ouzo as well . 
  it 's also not common to see people drunk . 
  i live in a city of 50k permanent residents and a ton of clubs but every time i see someone drunk i 'm almost certain that it 's either a tourist ( or a foreigner working in ships staying at the local port ) . 
  right ? 
  is n't that ouzo ? 
  to be honest , i have n't encountered radicals here although there are some islamist . 
  your comment brought up questions for me . 
   essentially this seems to be the exact same situation like we have in some places in germany , just with radical islamists instead of radical neonazis . 
  do those people cause trouble there in general ? 
   how about you get your radicalized islamist situation in line then and enforce the damn law what law is there to prevent teaching the quran in a radicalized manner ? 
  what do they do that is unlawful ? 
   she isnt a journalist . 
  there 's minimal qualification needed to be one . 
  yes , grapes are also very common . 
  we all have this one uncle or neighbor that will serve some of his harvest if we visit . 
  i really do n't think the situation is that predictable . 
  what 's safe to say at this point is that syriza will lose some voters . 
  we still have no clue about where those voters will head to though . 
  even if syriza comes first with a difference again ( which is also not certain ) there 's going to be a political force that came out bigger than before those elections , and that 's going to matter . 
  i really do hope that it 's not going to be golden dawn or radical leftists that are even more radical than syriza . 
  this title does not reflect most of the significant parts of the article and video featured into it . 
   toronto police 's bryce evans appealed to the hacking community for information _____  today i can confirm that avid life media is offering a $ 500,000 ( # 240,000 ) reward to anyone providing information that leads to the identification , arrest and prosecution of the person or persons responsible for the leak of the ashley madison database , [ he added ] ____  the unfolding of the hack was also detailed at the conference - from the moment on 12 july when several avid life media employees logged in to their computers and were confronted by a message from the hackers . 
  this message was accompanied by music - ac/dc 's `` thunderstruck '' ` suicides ' are not even mentioned once though ... 
   not only does it taste good , but you 're also helping local economy a lot . 
  the entire island of crete is covered with olive trees , thus olive oil is a very important factor in the local economy . 
  one does n't need to be a farmer to own olive trees here . 
  every local that owns property here most likely has at least some olive trees as well . 
  every year families will have deals with seasonal laborers . 
  something like the following : the property owner gets 2/3 of the harvest and the laborers the rest as a reward for their work . 
  nearly every local family makes a little money each year thanks to this . 
  a lot not permanently employed people get a decent source of income as well . 
  the oil is usually sold to oil mills on the same day and most also keep a portion of their own oil for their household , neighbors and friends . 
  the subreddit gets a new policy and this guy keeps his censorship rampant . 
  makes me wonder if he 's the scapegoat of the mod team . 
  probably does . 
  we go hard on our mediterranean diet . 
  we drink from a very young age . 
  and it 's not even illegal . 
  we have the highest cigarette consumption per capita worldwide ( yet somehow greece has a higher life expectancy than the total average in europe ) . 
  it 's articles like this one that makes me feel like the notion of newsworthiness has gone to die in the heads of some people . 
  as of downloading songs , you get cease and desist orders instead . 
  what does social welfare mean for the netherlands ? 
  what would be the criteria for one to receive it ? 
  seeing that so many non-netherlanders receive welfare i would assume that it favors immigrants . 
  but has it had any success ? 
  are there any statistics showing how long those people stay on welfare ? 
  well the article is from february ... 
  she faced prison time .
