  support is mainly from young people and working class areas . 
  with both parties ruling out sinn fein the traditional coalition partner would be the labour party but they suffered from being the junior partner in the last government losing 30 of its 37 seats . 
  so fianna fail and fine gael face the prospect of finding an agreement between themselves or facing the building of a 6 party + independents coalition . 
  just for reference taoiseach and d\u00e1il mean chief and parliament respectively , they 're irish words which we use even in english when talking about those positions . 
  i think you underestimate wat ireland was like during ww2 , it was known as ` the emergency ' here and for good reason . 
  post partition we were left with a purely agricultural society that in overdrive during the war could barely support the domestic market nevermind britain or france . 
  as for sea and air patrols we simply did n't have the equipment or resources for such an operation anyway . 
  even if we did the destruction of dublin under a blitzkrieg attack wouldve collapsed the state within a week . 
  to be honest it was n't a case of whether the nazis were good or bad , it was a case of whether joining would be in the best interests of the country . 
  seeing as we were only a new state without a lot of money , a small army and no artillery defences the answer was obvious . 
  there was no benefit of us joining the war effort , it 'd have no impact on the result . 
  thanks for the reply , the miss world 's accent was extremely interesting , she sounds very spanish and then very british . 
  the minister guy doesnt have any hint of spanish . 
  do people from gibraltar speak with british accents ? 
  i remember watching a documentary about the falklands and that was understandably british but is gibraltar a mix of spainish/british culture as it shares a land border ? 
  do they accept euros ? 
  good to find a british person that understands  i work as a tour guide in irish history and regularily have to defend our position during ww2 to british/americans , usually my argument is sufficient to convince them !, 
  we also majorly helped with d day which was the turning point that won the war , so basically we won the war . 
  / s http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/history/how-weather-forecast-from-mayo-lighthouse-saved-d-day-invasion.html, 
  we 're still waiting on our good catholic buddies the french and the spanish to come liberate us , some many promises , so many failed landings . 
  we hate the english in the way that we love to beat them at anything . 
  nobody here loves cricket but we all jumped on that bandwagon when we beat them a few years back . 
  the ` hatred ' is more akin to the english-scottish one , you 'll find very few people who actually hate england . 
  as for the english i think we 're pretty insignificant , just one of their many former colonies . 
  lets just say its complicated britain , the relationship is over we just came to get the rest of our stuff back . 
  true but think of it like this . 
  you 're a unionist so you 're down to the tuv , uup and dup . 
  tuv likely are n't running in your area and refuse to recognize the gfa and st andrews agreement so they 're off the table . 
  now youre down to the dup or uup . 
  you want someone to stick it up to sf , the dup will do that ( from a unionist perspective that is ) while you see the uup as being too soft and willing to compromise . 
  both of them have the same policies anyway so you vote dup . 
  do you agree with every policy put forward by the party/candidate you voted for on friday the 26th ? 
  i know i did n't . 
  i voted for the party i felt best represents me even if i disagree on certain issues . 
  im sure you 'd hear similar stories everywhere , homophobia isnt exclusive to the north but anecdotal evidence doesnt trump the consensus that has repeatedly been shown by polling companies . 
  you 're confusing support for dup to support for all their policies . 
  the dup has consistently blocked gay marriage in the assembly yet polls consistently show cross societal support for it . 
  well he hasnt been executed ... but attempting to address a muslim brotherhood rally isnt going to curry much favour with the authorities regardless of your nationality . 
  the dup dont represent all unionists . 
  the uup is campaigning to stay . 
  not to mention if you 're ever captured by middle eastern paramilitaries an irish passport is much better to have than a british one . 
  i think the thing that 'll happen if the scare tactics will start . 
  as was seen with the scottish referendum the status quo always has a huge advantage regardless of how positive/negatively the respective campaigns are run . 
  i dont think there 's any restriction on when you were born as far as i 'm aware the two main ways to get irish citizenship is by being born on the island of ireland or having a grandparent/parent who has irish citizenship . 
  i bet the unionists up north will be delighted with the dual nationality clause in the good friday agreement now !, 
  yeah i honestly dont get this , why doesnt every company in the uk and here in ireland do that if they find it an issue ? 
  better than enforcing their will on the rest of us . 
  ah i vaguely remembered it being an amalgamation of a few different groupings . 
  what exactly is the difference between the cira and rira ? 
  the cira just split of abstentionism and the rira over the gfa ? 
  we get one or two politicians suggesting it in ireland every year but then they 're reminded about how stupid it would be when we share a land border with northern ireland who would be an hour behind even though geographically its in the same position as the southern state . 
  the argument is usually centred around stock markets and european business , i mean if you want that just get up an hour earlier dont make everyone else change to suit your agenda . 
  chancers the lot of them . 
  take your pick , its common knowledge here . 
  pretty much , the majority were never out during the war and have used the cover of the name ira for racketeering . 
  i think you 're giving these guys too more credit in their political knowledge . 
  the rira are hard on drug dealers when they 're taking money off them , they 've no problems with drugs just that the profits arent going to them . 
  as far as i know arent the so-called ` new ira ' a coalition of the real and continuity ? 
  just incase anyone gets confused , these have nothing got to do with the ira of the troubles , infact 90 % werent even active during the period . 
  they 're gangsters and criminals who use the cover of republicanism as a means to make money . 
  they 're no more republican than the queen . 
  no , there 's no irish political party that i know of that advocates leaving the eu . 
  yeah same party !, 
  ff had a good day but remember it still is their 2nd worst result ever . 
  today is all about the collapse of the government . 
  no both sides were fighting a war but the pro treaty side were backed militarily and financially by britain . 
  eventually the ira realised that fighting on was futile and told their men to ` dump arms ' . 
  sinn fein would be the comparison , they sit together in the european parliament . 
  when syriza were elected their leader name dropped sinn fein in his speech . 
  they 've gone from 10 -  15 % , the other smaller left party aaa/pbp have gone from 2 -  5 %, 
  the only viable coalition on these numbers is fine gael - fianna f\u00e1il . 
  since the creation of the state irish politics has been dominated by these two parties , each of whom came out of the different sides of the irish civil war . 
  this would be an amazing result as for the first time in the irish state our political system could be aligned along left-right lines . 
  full results with results from the last election in brackets : fine gael is at 24.8 % ( 36.1 % ) - current government party labour is at 7.1 % ( 19.4 % ) - current government party fianna f\u00e1il at 21.1 % ( 17.4 % ) sinn f\u00e9in at 16 % ( 9.9 % ) independents 11 % aaa-pbp at 4.7 % ( amalgamation of socialist party and people before profit who got combined 2.2 % ) social democrats 3.7 % ( new ) green party 3.6 % ( 1.8 % ) independent alliance 3 % ( new ) renua 2.4 % ( new ) others 2.6 %, 
  fancy seeing a port lad on / r/europe !, 
  hey dont do a disservice to the 47:31 , adjust to taking out the dont knows and you get 60:40 . 
  if football manager is anything to go by monetenegro will be next , and i trust football manager . 
   un-taxed gray economy pushes it down to roughly 25 % . 
  un-taxed grey economy , i 'm sure the eu had issues with this before ... 
  whats the latest on the catalonia situation ? 
  last i heard there was a unilateral declaration of independence and there was going to be some non recognition of spanish authorities or something ? 
  he literally has n't debated in any elections/referenda since he got elected 5 years ago , shocking that he can get away with that . 
  nothing on the troubles / good friday agreement ? 
  i think the declaration of the republic in 1948 is something that was obviously a big deal at the time but holds little historical importance for most irish people . 
   schedules are approximates . 
  party starts at 9 ? 
  turn up at half 9 , dont want to be first !, 
  crossing the road when there is no cars on the road . 
  seriously why do you wait at 4am without a car for miles for a light to tell you you can now cross ? 
  got looked at like i was a madman for this in germany and poland . 
   a majority should n't be able to decide if a minority gets their human rights or not . 
  see i think this attitude is bullshit and thats speaking as someone who voted yes . 
  you 're in favour of it hence you think it is a human right , but who decides what a human right is ? 
  we 've a set of laws in this country in the form of a constitution that was agreed upon in 1937 by popular vote . 
  since then under the plebiscite clause we 've added and removed many aspects of this document to update it to the views of the people . 
  catering to the majority is the only way to run a country and it should be done without persecuting the minority . 
  now in the past it was illegal to be gay in ireland but i dont think in 2015 prior to this passing that gay people were persecuted by the law . 
  well israel does n't have to worry about defense with its us funded dome system , gaza on the other hand , not so lucky . 
  gaza is a concentration camp due to the blockade , hell even aid ships from my own country were shot at and refused entry . 
  as regards israel it does n't matter about its geographic size ( afterall how much of russia is wasteland ? ),
