  until a solution is found i wouldnt even consider an application from them but even then i think geographically the eu should stay within it 's borders . 
  it 'd rather a system of one country one vote personally , that way we wouldnt see a situation where germany runs the show as some sort of neo-colonial empire . 
  i 'd exclude israel for the same reasons i 'd exclude turkey , based on massive human rights abuses committed by them in lands under their jurisdiction . 
  as for most israelis coming from europe , the zionists will tell you they were never from europe merely residents there and that their real home was palestine . 
  so you consider israel and azerbaijan as europe ? 
   but what about countries in the caucasus ( georgia , azerbaiyan , armenia ) , or kazakhstan , or maybe even israel ? 
  europe stops at old eastern europe for me , russia , turkey etc are not included . 
   what 's your stance on turkey joining ? 
  i 'm opposed to their joining the eu for a number of reasons . 
  firstly vast human rights abuses , treatment of women and radical islamic lobby put me off . 
  secondly in ireland we have lost another eu parliament seat for the next election and we 'd probably lose another if turkey joins so really we 'd lose from the joining . 
  finally i think the values of turkish society doesnt reflect that of the wider union , heck i even think this about countries in former yugoslavia and eastern europe but broadly they are in line with those of us in ` western europe ' . 
  in ireland it is rarely if ever referred to as european . 
  funnily it 's never referred to as asian as there is this stereotype of what asia is and russia doesnt fit that mould . 
  its the inbetween kid i guess . 
  if only they had some sort of union of their own ... 
  i find it funny when americans have this view of ` communist ' europe in terms of social spending . 
  america basically subsidise its whole corn and sugar industry to the tune of billions of dollars every year . 
  meanwhile social welfare spending is at an all time high , with [ 16 % of gdp spent on healthcare ] ( http://books.google.ie/books?id=bmkinei1pzqc&amp;pg=pt33&amp;redir_esc=y#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false ) ( note : this is a pre obamacare figure ) . 
  this is the worlds highest in terms of as a percentage of gdp with france coming closet with 11 % . 
  so i suppose the misconception is that we 're much more liberal than america , however when you examine the small details they are infact much further ` left ' in their economic spending in some areas . 
  fucking commies . 
  they all assume education is free . 
  although i get a grant which pays my college fees ( which without , i doubt i could pay for ) but the cost of my three year degree is $ 15,000 . 
  yes it is not american levels of student fees but it is alot . 
  i think the thought process in ` free ' education is that you only pay to cover the cost of your education , that theyre not actually charging you to be educated , if that makes sense . 
  i really like the original rudeboys a band from ireland : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q09lwedjtie, 
  i think the eu should remain as a purely economic block concerned with trading alone , the euro was mistake for many small countries such as my own and now we are having our politicians used as puppets by merkle and those in brussels . 
  a trading block as existed under the ecsc and the eec is essentially what i 'd prefer . 
  intergovernmental does give the people representation , you elect your government so when they represent you in europe it is merely an extension of democracy . 
  when i refered to europe i was referring to the collective population rather than one country equals one unit . 
  i think if you look at the countries with the largest populations ; germany and uk are conservative countries ( even the uk labour party is centrist at best ) , france and italy i would see as mixed although slightly right leaning overall . 
  also the largest political groupings in the ep are conservative . 
  intergovernmental is best for the people of europe and democracy . 
  i would argue that * in general * europe is centre right in it 's economic outlook so for lefties like me a supranational government would effectively spell the end for any real hope of a government that reflects my views . 
  in an intergovernmental model traditionally conservative countries like germany can remain represented by conservatives while those in traditionally left leaning countries such as scandinavia can remain represented by those that represent them . 
  as an irish person while we have little or no say currently i feel under a supranational government we 'd just be forgotten about and you 'd essentially have a situation that exists in the uk whereby scottish , welsh and northern irish votes are essentially meaningless in westminster elections . 
  interesting article , i think the best way to get eurosceptics views forward is to band together and create a new euro grouping ( i am aware that ukip did create their current one ) . 
  i wouldnt vote ukip if i lived in england as i dont think withdrawal would solve your problems . 
  however the statement ` no to federation , yes to trading bloc ' perfectly sums up my opinions on the eu . 
  barcelona would obviously still compete in la liga the same way cardiff play in the premiership . 
  why would the likes of madrid remove all that sponsorship etc from the league ? 
  the sdlp take the labour whip in westminster so they 're effectively the labour party in ni . 
  you missed the point where the british secretary of state has to call a vote , irish people ca n't just vote for reunification whenever we feel like it . 
  we 've had enough austerity and there 's another better way to do things . 
  unlike fine gael they 'll actually stand up for us in europe . 
  yep , ireland is very pro-palestine , its easy to empathise with an oppressed people given our history . 
  speaking from an irish perspective the eu is seen as a bully . 
  it claims to be one big family but when we needed them in 2009 they hung us out to dry to serve the interests of the bankers . 
  at the moment its purpose seems to be to serve the interests of france and germany , interests which are in opposition to our own , eg trying to get us to lower our corporation tax rate . 
  in a historical sense we 've spent the hundreds of years trying to attain independence , many are seeing the increasingly dictatorial nature of the union as a neo-colonial project . 
  as such people are unwilling to hand back the keys to country after less than 100 years in charge . 
  judging by his reaction tsipras seems to be in agreement with farage 's analysis but perhaps is not best pleased that right wingers are allying themselves with him !, 
  go to temple bar ... 
  well its not ` the republic ' either , it is a republic but the country is just called ireland . 
  absolutely ukip should have more seats but the snp got 50 % of the vote where they stood . 
  yes it 's disproportionate that they got 95 % of the seats but they are n't as marginal as you suggest . 
   the ukip is just unlucky their voters live spread across the uk . 
  perhaps but ukip are essentially an english/welsh party in terms of support . 
  in ni they got 2.6 % and 1.6 % in scotland . 
  in wales they got 13.6 % and 14.1 % in england . 
   or is voting snp a straight up protest vote by the scots ? 
  they 've been in government there for 8 years and are more popular now than when they first went in , its good governance not a protest vote . 
   snp voters mainly live together in scotland in the same voting districts . 
  by the snp 's very nature their voters only live in scotland as thats the only place they run . 
  jesus thank god you dont work for tourism ireland . 
  we 've a great country and every tourist i 've ever met always comments on how we 're the nicest people they 've ever come across . 
  how did the independence parties in catalonia do ? 
  i havent heard much about the independence movement since the referendum . 
  t\u00e1 and n\u00edl actually translate as ` it is ' and ` it isnt ' . 
  it 's great news but the headline figure doesnt represent the cost at which it was attained . 
  our government have basically bled the people dry for 4 years now while they 've done some [ very dodgy deals ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/catherine-murphy-siteserv-ibrc-2063102-apr2015/ ) with their media buddy denis o'brien . 
  well i meant the rising as a whole including the executions that followed too . 
  as for collins he was n't a leader in the rising and as such was never up for execution anyway . 
   so why should we view a european army as a bad thing ? 
  because we all know the warmongers will be calling the shots . 
  the french and brits have no problem getting boots on the ground yet in countries such as my own we harbour a strong neutrality position and peacekeeping tradition . 
  i shudder at the thoughts of irish soldiers being forced to bomb afghani huts because some intelligence said a bad guy was there about a week ago . 
  the 1916 rising when a small group of rebels took on the might of the british empire . 
  they were defeated and executed but their actions sparked a revolution and war of independence that would see 26 of our 32 counties achieve independence . 
  berliner pilsner or having just recently returned from turkey efes, 
  it is going towards integration and finally federalism , i would like it to go back to a purely economic union not political . 
  so unemployed people dont have a right to vote ? 
  but hey we 've got safety going for us right ? 
  farage is actually a really good politician . 
  i dont agree with any of his policies but at least hes got something about him cameron and miliband have the combined charisma of a plank of wood . 
  the fptp is an unfair system and one the snp has regularly been on the wrong side of . 
  you quote your own seat , yes a change is unlikely but looking at scotland there are seats that have been labour since the start of the century that will go yellow so it 's not impossible . 
  why is it unfair that they only run in scotland ? 
  they still have to garnish support . 
  also regarding the safe seat argument , how many safe seats did labour have in scotland , 30 maybe ? 
  now look every seat is to play for , if people vote for change they 'll get it . 
  pr is a better system granted but its disingenuous to compare population to population . 
  scotland and wales are countries not regions and as such get different treatment ( rightly i might add ) to north england etc. 
  democracy is a real bitch when it doesnt go your way isnt it ? 
  all through the referendum it was the ` we love you scotland , you 're a valued member of the uk ' , now the attitude is ` how dare they think they can elect nationalist mps ' . 
  its not the snp 's job to let the tories/labour win seats in scotland . 
   northern ireland has a population of 1.8 million ni has its own parliament for obvious historical reasons . 
  `` democrats '', 
   i wish the students who got all butthurt would realise that .
