  the censorship board was set up to curtail was the irish public had access to . 
  at a time where in england there was a move away from the industrial school model which clearly didnt work irish governments followed it . 
  another example of this is the setting up of the welfare state in britain and the expansion of social policies and the creation of the nhs by clement atlee and the labour party was never replicated in ireland . 
   fg may be ultra conservative now , but in the 80s they led what was arguably the most liberal government we ever had . 
  as for fitzergald 's premiership the only stand out liberal policy was the introduction of a referendum on divorce . 
  its economic policies akin to those advocated by thatcher and regan under neo-liberalism with tried to let the market control the economy , resulting in mass emigration and unemployment during the tenure of the government . 
  arguably the introduction of the abortion legislation is just as liberal as the aforementioned divorce one . 
  also when you consider next year we 're likely to have a referendum on gay marriage i dont see how you can describe the current fg as ultra conservative and 80s fg as liberal . 
  that is unless you 're talking about economically rather than socially . 
   it 's a dumb system , and people are increasingly fed up with it as we can see from the huge support for independents in recent polls . 
  but knowing our luck , ff will return to power at the next election and the cycle will repeat . 
  its not a dumb system its the peoples fault , infact proportional representation by single transferable vote is one of the best and fairest voting systems in the world . 
  as for ff back in power we need them in government with fg to realign irish politics on a left-right spectrum like the rest of the world . 
  todays opinion polls have ff and fg polling at a combined 41 % vs 59 % for sf/lab/ind so that government is a distinct possibility especially when you consider both will be reluctant to share power with sf . 
  apologies it was labour i was thinking of who are s&d . fianna f\u00e1il is catch all because of its social policies but economically they 're right of centre . 
  i wouldnt have ever described fine gael was populist . 
  currently on the rise , they 've doubled their support in the last 2 years to around 20 % . 
  currently theyve no meps in the south ( they have one mep elected in northern ireland ) but poll numbers suggest they should get all 3 of their candidates elected to return 3 meps out of ireland 's 11 seats . 
  fine gael should get 4 seats , fianna f\u00e1il two with independents taking the other two . 
  combined with their northern mep that would see sinn f\u00e9in as the largest party on the island . 
   ff and fg ca n't truly be classified as left or right im sorry but as a politics major in ucd i have to call bullshit on this . 
  both are right wing parties , fine gael more so than fianna f\u00e1il . 
  ff are right of centre overall as unlike fg they are more liberal on social issues . 
  on social issues fg are ultra conservative . 
  they also align themselves to the european people 's party in the eu . 
  ff are in the s&d grouping . 
  not really , although lazy journalism would have you believe it would . 
  ireland had a civil war in 1922 as a result of the anglo-irish treaty signed at the end of the war of independence . 
  out of that civil war emerged two main parties fianna f\u00e1il and fine gael . 
  the only left party at the time the labour party abstained from the first election of the new state so the population could use it as a referedum on the treaty itself . 
  since then people have voted along family lines based on what side of the civil war they were on . 
  essentially we 've never had left-right politics . 
  traditionally our largest party fianna f\u00e1il bankrupted our country in 2008/09 and suffered its lowest ever election result of 17 % in 2011 . 
  since then our new government of fine gael and the labour party have been getting more and more unpopular . 
  this has seen sinn f\u00e9in the party that delivered independence in 1922 which both fine gael and fianna emerged from , seen a rise in the polls . 
  in the last election they polled just under 10 % but recent polls have shown them to consistently be around 20 % . 
  if they achieve this in an election there 'll be no other other but a fianna fail/fine gael coalition . 
  this would actually properly realign irish politics as our government would all be right wing and the opposition left wing . 
  this would led to a situation where a left government is a real possibility as opposed to the last 80 years where any left wing parties have only acted a minor partners to prop up right wing governments . 
  the southern fa , the fai had already split before independence when it was the leinster football association . 
  the split predates it and was based around the fact that football was too belfast focused and good southern players werent getting picked to play . 
  cricket and rugby didnt split as they were games played by the elites and as such there was little need to split as the protestant elite merely continued on as they were dominating the selections in that regard . 
  at the time gaa our national sport was played by the masses and was seen as a sport of the working class . 
  sports like rugby and cricket were sports of the aristocracy and played in the ironically named ` public ' private schools system which mirrored the english equivalent . 
  to go to these schools cost a lot of money and as such they were attended mainly by protestants as they tended to be the sons of land owners and businessmen . 
  so post independence there wasnt any conflict in these sports as the same aristocratic group continued to play them . 
  the scots are often seen as our second cousins here in ireland . 
  they have similar culture , are good craic and enjoy a drink . 
  scotland was originally inhabited by irishmen ( if you can call them that at the time ) . 
  a large number of presbyterians and other protestants came form scotland during the ulster plantation while a large part of ireland 's population emigrated there during the famine . 
  as such in many ways our histories are intertwined in that regard . 
  for instance celtic fc was set up as a charity to feed starving irish catholics in glasgow who were unable to get food off the anglican churches unless they converted . 
  an irish fenian laid the first sod of turf there and an irish tricolour presented to the club by president de valera flies over celtic park . 
  while united and liverpool are the main teams people support here celtic is very much most people 's ` second team ' . 
  it 's a joke pal , relax !, 
  i 'd cry if i were from donegal to be fair , the land that god forgot . 
   ireland is the name of the island . 
  ireland is also the name of the 26 state , from article 4 of the irish constitution : `` the name of the state is \u00c9ire , or , in the english language , ireland '' . 
  the only reference in law to the ` republic of ireland ' is the republic of ireland act 1949 which broke the legal ties with the monarchy . 
  however it still only lists the republic as the description of the state . 
   i believe it is prudent to refer to the republic of ireland as such when it is being spoken about along with the concequences of northern ireland . 
  i prefer the terms north and south myself . 
  it was really a class issue if you compare soccer which split to rugby golf and cricket which didnt . 
  the lower classes ( where sectarianism was more prevalent ) didnt play the later three so a split as such was never needed . 
   trying to figure out why northern ireland and the republic share a rugby team but have differant football teams was odd in school . 
  well the rugby team predates partition and rugby teams ( as is the case with football teams ) under official rules represent the associations they 're from rather than national territories , so the irfu looks after the whole island despite partition . 
  the soccer teams did split however and were already in the process of doing so before partition . 
  when soccer was brought to ireland it was set up in belfast and the organisation that picked the team chose mainly northern protestant players as a result a southern equivalent was set up to pick players from the south . 
  despite this both association picked players from north and south until 1948 . 
  both played under the name ireland too professing to be the legitimate irish team . 
  fifa actually made them change there name hence the current situation of northern and republic of ireland . 
   i 'm not sure if `` rivals '' is the right word to describe britain and ireland though , other than on the rugby field and even then this is complicated by the fact that britain does not play as a single team ... its funny as contempt in this regard is often felt against the english rather than the british seeing as the anglo-saxon occupation of ireland pre-dates the creation of britain at the start of the 18th century ( 1707 i think was the act of union ) . 
  while you 'll hear people give out about the brits and the english i 've never heard anyone give out about the scots or the welsh in this regard . 
  so the sporting rivalry ( on our end at least ) is focused on england . 
  he 's the democratically elected deputy first minister of ni . 
  he has as much right to be there as enda kenny , david cameron or peter robinson . 
  ironically the queen the only unelected head of state/gov attending !, 
  that was the 3rd home rule bill infact . 
  the two previous bills were passed by the commons but rejected by the house of lords . 
  the first bill dated back to 1886 infact . 
  the only reason home rule came about was the law was changed so the upper house could only delay bills two years and not reject them . 
  however ww1 broke out just when home rule was due to come in leading to it be temporarily suspended . 
  the easter rising and tan war followed but it wouldve been interesting to see what would have happened had ww1 not kicked off , a civil war was a distinct possibility between the uvf and the iv . 
   britain did n't split northern ireland from ireland unilaterally and out of spite , they did it because the protestants in the area told them that they would take up arms if they were made a part of a unified ireland with home rule . 
  if it were up to the british government in london there would never have been a partition of ireland and the entire island would have been granted home rule . 
  this is true to an extent but the real blame for the partition of ireland falls at the hand of the british soldiers on the ground who carried out the curragh mutiny and said they would refuse to enforce home rule even by government decree . 
   todays meeting is a mirror of the queens visit to the republic of ireland sorry to nit pick but this is something english people , the press and even the officals at the ceremony today get wrong . 
  the name of the country is ireland as laid out in our constitution , the description of the state is the republic of ireland , i.e. 
  it is a republic . 
  however from 1937 when this became legal in irish law until the good friday agreement of 1998 the british government have refused to use the term ireland as they believe we do not have a right to call ourselves it . 
  hi margrete , i was wondering is the green/efa going to be proposing coalitions with other left wing groups such as the nordic left/s & d in order to end epp and conservative rule in the ep ? 
  does gibraltar count as spain in this map or do brits just love benidorm ? 
  love the cobbled streets there too !, 
  how-so ? 
  do you honestly think the way germany calls the shots is fair ? 
  merkel has achieved what hitler tried to achieve only without the bloodshed - a german colonial empire . 
  yes it would show equality in my opinion . 
  instead we have the ludicrous situation whereby the ecb set interest rates to match the french/german economy 's which are bad for countries such as ireland . 
  europe is too german centred . 
  israel is a massive no no for me , their treatment of palestinians is a disgrace as is the illegal settlements they place on palestinian land .
