necessity of a unfied economic policy lets be honest that will realistically never happen . 
  there is too much diversity in european politics to follow a common policy , likewise for leftists like myself it would condemn us to permanent right wing rule due to the disportionate roles played by the likes of germany and the uk . 
   political parties are elected in europe which means the policies that are created and enforced are essentially condoned by the voting populations of europe !, 
  see here is the crux of the issue - electing a government based on promises they subsequently break does not give them immunity and legitimacy in implementing austerity . 
  theres a difference between shitty economic polices as in mass non payment of tax as was the case in greece and private entities bankrupting a state as was the case in ireland . 
  as for austerity its only good if you 're a right winger who can afford it - most regular people cant . 
   the euro yeah didnt work out great for us all ... 
  it was a symbolic gesture . 
  in essence with partition it meant little in a practical sense . 
  good friday brought more involvement in ni from our government not less . 
   subsequent referendum was us telling the north to fuck off and sort their shit out by themselves . 
  was it ? 
  last i checked the irish state was co-guarantors of the good friday agreement with the british government thats a long way away from telling them to ` fuck off ' . 
  how does this compare with the us ? 
  well put it like this if everyone in dublin moved to wales and said wales is now irish territory would that be acceptable ? 
  most definitely not but thats what happen in ulster albeit in reverse but you get the picture . 
  you took our stuff 800 years ago and gave most of it back 100 years ago ... but you still have our stuff . 
  love/hate - imagine the sopranos set in ireland you kind of get the idea . 
  to be honest i dont have an indepth knowledge of contemporary spanish politics so wouldnt be able to answer that !, 
  my main knowledge of catalonia in this regard comes from studying it in the context of the spanish civil war . 
  also worth nothing that the catalan region was essentially an anarchist zone in republican spain during the civil war so the opposite to an authoritarian elite taking charge . 
  no water was n't free it was paid for through general taxation . 
  now a water tax is being introduced we are essentially being taxed twice for it . 
  people would n't mind if general taxation was lowered relative to the cost of the water tax but it has n't been so we 're getting double taxation . 
   irish people were never charged for water . 
  irish people are now being charged for water . 
  it seems you 've bought into the government lie mo chara . 
  we have always paid for water through general taxation and this tax is just extra on top of it . 
  i 've no problem with a water tax as long as our paye/prsi is lowered proportionally to represent the cost of the water tax . 
  either revolutionary leader michael collins our sean lemass who was responsible to opening up the irish economy to foreign investment and generally just modernised the country . 
   splitting countries is not a good idea and should not be subject to public vote . 
  if we have that attitude we should just bring the old empires back . 
  the right to self determination is enshrined in un law and should be respected as a central feature of democracy regardless of your personal preference . 
  i would 've thought beef was worth more in exports for ireland ? 
  i 'm oddly disappointed , the only thing we 're good at and we do n't even make the top ten . 
  unless our government acts soon irish could be a thing of the past within 50 years . 
  as a politics student in university and someone who follows domestic politics i can say i havent heard this topic raised once in ireland . 
   are you familiar with how a democracy works ? 
  people choose representatives , and the representatives make the decisions . 
  yes i am but people vote for national representatives on the basis of national issues , not european ones . 
  people only vote for their meps based on european issues . 
  so when a referendum comes up eg the fiscal treaty that wasnt drawn up when the nearest national election took place how can you say the government adequately represent people 's views on it ? 
   in countries like yours , where the population is so divided on these sorts of things , it 's a nice gesture to do a referendum firstly its not a gesture its a legally obliged under our constitution . 
  in my country 3/4 of the main parties in my country back every treaty . 
  people vote them in on national policy not european ones so on the surface the fact that around 80 % of our parliament a pro eu would lead you to believe every eu treaty would be passed no problem . 
  however they dont , they regularly get rejected . 
  now are you honestly saying had the citizens in every member state gotten a vote that their collective vote would match their governments ? 
  if proper democracy was practised the eu would be significantly different than it is now . 
  source it ? 
  i mean come on its common sense , it applies to all member state countries . 
  i mean theres little things that happen in the parliament and the commission but look at the treaties for a very obvious answer . 
  most countries got to vote to join the eu but what they voted for has changed . 
  aside from countries like my own which require referendums on eu treaties citizens of the other member states have not been able to vote on nice , lisbon , rome , fiscal treaty . 
   if the irish people of today wanted it , then why the hell should they not be able to get it ? 
  see i completely agree with you here . 
  however the problem is the integration that is happening on a day to day basis is not one that people voted for . 
  the eu is slowly integrating itself without the say so of the national parliaments . 
  we 're lucky that in ireland our constitution requires any eu treaty to pass by referendum . 
  however we rejected both the nice and lisbon treatys only to have to revote again until we accepted them , not very democratic . 
  this is exactly my thought process , 700 years we were on colonial rule and we havent even been independent for 100 yet . 
  all those lives given in the name of independence would be a waste . 
  as the great man james connolly once said ` we serve neither kaiser nor king ' . 
  there difference being that it is easier to effect change on a local and national basis rather than an eu one . 
  on a basic level that 's what it is though . 
  we 'd surrender national sovergnity and power to a supranational eu government in order to have a only small percentage devolved back to us ... 
   what is sad about that ? 
  if there is a super-national authority it vastly decreases inter military action firstly incase you havent noticed there has been no inter eu military action of member states since its inception so thats not an issue . 
  military as a whole would be a huge issue especially for myself as an irishman . 
  my country is strictly neutral yet a common eu military policy ( i doubt such a thing is even remotely possible ) would likely compromise that position . 
  also i 've a pretty clear conscience that my national army take part in peacekeeping operations only as opposed to illegal wars in the desert perpetrated by the us and britain . 
   and creates a better sense of global humanity it depends on your political perspective . 
  i 'd consider myself left wing but any eu government would most certainly condemn the citizens of europe to permanent neo-liberalist governance , something i and alot of others would not be best please about . 
   as an american i ca n't help but look forward to a truer eu what exactly is a ` truer eu ' ? 
  the eu was set up as an economic trading zone and has long gone beyond that remit . 
  if you want it to fit in with its ` truer ' identity mass disintegration would need to occur . 
   america has been kick ass at anything lately but because there is such a powerful sense of unity in our country that i ca n't help but want to spread to the rest of the world firstly there is unity in the peoples of europe just not on a collective level . 
  however national and regional identities remain high . 
  the problem in your analysis in this regard is that youre comparing apples and oranges in the us/eu . 
  the us is a historical nation state of the world while the eu is not . 
  the whole eu constructivist project of creating an european identity is a failed one . 
  people dont identify en mass with the european identity ( im speaking generally as this / r/europe is not a representative sample on the issue ) as identity is something that occurs naturally not something that is forced . 
   what i love about this subreddit is the wish of its people to live in real united europe to be honest i come here for european news and politics but i find it sad how the vast majority are willing to delegate national sovereignty to a supranational authority . 
  i identify more as irish than european . 
  im a history student in university so that perhaps makes me a little bias when studying the history of our country . 
  i do feel that in ireland there is an aversion to a european identity . 
  people see the identity as something that is possessed by those on continental europe and that culturally we differ greatly from that identity and share more in common with our neighbours in britain . 
  another aspect is the austerity that has been heaped upon us as a result of the imf programme and bank bailout with was orchestrated from the eu . 
  in essence many people feel that the eu has a large responsibility for recent cuts such as those in child welfare , to carers and the unemployed . 
   if catalonia or the basque country leave spain they wo n't have the same gpd or the same international influence . 
  if they were in the eu yes they would . 
  internationally the eu negotiates on spains behalf as it does on all its member states as a solid block . 
  if spain attempted to get their army involved there 'd be an instant shit-storm from the eu about it . 
  plus by doing so they 've essentially admitted defeat . 
  nations are more important than states , states only exist around nations . 
  sometimes you get a number of nations in one state like in spain and sometimes you get a number of states within a nation as is the case in my own country ireland . 
   my point was that this has n't always been the case historically as both parties have moved around the spectrum post independence both were extremely conservative . 
  the cumann na ngaedheal ( the party fg grew out of ) government agreed to implement catholic policy in exchange for church support during the civil war . 
  likewise ff 's rise to power was largely based on their backing from the irish college in the vatican . 
  both were extremely conservative . 
  for instance divorce which was previously available was banned , likewise with contraception .
