  talk about being a dick ? 
  students literally voted libdem because of their free education pledge , they broke that . 
  they 've every right to be ` butthurt ' . 
  its not really interesting he has farage ranked last , this is / r/europe , hitler is more popular than farage . 
  i 'm not a fan of his policies but i dont think anyone can deny he 's a great politician . 
  snp would actually lose under pr based off their current polling figures . 
  i 'd vote snp , sturgeon is a great politician and she 'll lead quite the shake up . 
  hopefully this election will convince uk parliamentarians to move to a pr voting system . 
  yes you are right taoiseach is the correct spelling . 
   poles  toiseach  just because we are experiencing economic hardship does n't mean you should vote for the ira to spite the other parties not sure if serious ... 
  thanks for the quote but you 'll forgive me if i 'm sceptical about taking the idf at their word . 
   i 'm saying that the `` knocking '' projectile let 's people escape to prevent casualties . 
  that means idf is methodically trying to avoid civilian casualties while hamas is actively trying to penetrate the iron dome with the purpose of inflicting civilian casualties . 
  i must say that i 'm glad that hamas does n't have the means to inflict genocide . 
  i 'm sure hamas would much rather hit military targets if it breaks through the dome than civilian as it would be more effective at stopping the idf . 
  hamas use rpg rockets which you 'll know if you 've ever played a video game in your life are n't very accurate . 
  the opposite can be said for israeli bombing . 
   if the `` school '' is used as a point of military operations with military equipment and personnel in it , i 'd classify it as a hamas target . 
  the schools in question are un schools , nothing to do with hamas . 
   as for the knock knock bomb , it 's another example how methodical the idf is compared to hamas . 
  you saw methodical like its a good thing they blow up schools . 
   about the adult/child analogy i 'd again bring up the restraint that idf shows , especially compared to hamas 's goal of wiping jews off the planet . 
  you 'll find just as many israelis saying they want to wipe the palestinians off the earth as visa versa . 
  heck theres even videos on youtube of israelis relaxing in the mountains as they want a good view of the bombs being dropped . 
   besides i do n't think missiles that kill people are completely harmless like a kid in that scenario would be . 
  that would be the case if it werent for the israeli 's iron dome . 
  it is a missile detection system that automatically shoots down palestinian rockets . 
  nobody needs to man it for it to work , it is automatic thanks to us government funds so the missiles arent killing anyone . 
  do you think the palestinians have anywhere near a comparable example ? 
  again i think the adult/child analogy fits perfectly here . 
  the difference is that israel like south africa under apartheid is a self styled western liberal democracy , thus it is and should be held to higher standards than the likes of china . 
   civilian targets and the like are not avoidable in any armed conflict on that scale . 
  even with that , they have in the past tried to minimise civilian targets . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not however the extent to which it takes place is . 
  it is ironic that when the idf ( or us army ) kill civilians they 're collateral damage , however when their opponents do it they 're terrorists . 
   to my knowledge israel has bombed schools and other `` civilian '' targets because hamas is using them in their military operations basically as giant human shields . 
  that is the same line pedalled by the american military in afghanistan and iraq . 
  its an easy excuse but isnt largely true . 
  you 'll notice the idf do a knock knock technique when bombing un schools . 
  they 'll hit the school first with a small bomb and then a few minutes later blow the school to pieces . 
  if they were interested only in hamas targets why would they blow up schools after they empty them ? 
  i honestly dont know what they have to gain from it , perhaps an uneducated population is easier to keep oppressed ? 
  the video evidence is there , it happens . 
  the idf is just as bad if not worse than hamas , it is funded by the wholes largest military and possess nuclear weapons , it is essentially an adult beating up a child in comparable military terms . 
  if a kid hits an adult you 'd expect him to restrain him . 
  if the adult starts beating up the child i wouldnt accept the excuse ` but he hit me ' . 
  the situation is funny in that you feel the need to justify the idf based of hamas actions however if you were really objective you 'd be condemning both . 
   that 's why i do n't really like how you 're painting a picture where the palestinians are completely innocent while israel is the lone oppressor . 
  i 'm not painting that picture however coming from ireland its easy to emphasise with the palestinians . 
  we too have a history of foreign settlers coming in seizing land from the natives , introducing discriminatory laws against the natives and generally making their lives miserable . 
  it was wrong in the 1600s and it is wrong now . 
   it 's also pretty far fetched to call idf a terrorist organization in the same vein as hamas . 
  like sam harris outlined in the podcast , idf could kill everyone in the palestinian area if they chose to . 
  and iran could blow up the world with their nuclear weapons but they chose not to , does inaction therefore make them a good country ? 
  of course not . 
  i judge the idf on their actions not their inaction , and the bombing of un schools and civilian targets pretty much fulfils any definition of terrorism you 'll find . 
  war guilt is still at play . 
  i can see how their government would be wary to do anything that could be seen as remotely critical of a state that they essentially laid the foundations for through genocide . 
  this boycott is targeted not at israel but at the settlements . 
  settlements that are on palestinian land contrary to international law , something even israel 's great ally america admits . 
  firstly gaza is n't recognised as a state as it does n't have the fundamental basic functions that a state does , ie recognition by its neighbours and the ability to patrol their borders . 
  secondly it 's easy to say hamas this hamas that , but why are hamas in power ? 
  they 're in power as the people were driven to them by the idf . 
  people are n't inherently violent and thus only seek it as a last resort which is what happened in gaza . 
  also if you accept the precident that gaza is a state then you must accept that hamas are it 's army the same as the idf for israel . 
  thus if you call hamas terrorists in that capacity you must also call the idf terrorists . 
  thirdly you refer only to gaza , what about the west bank and palestinian authority , they are not ruled by hamas yet israel illegally occupies their land , where is the justification in that ? 
  this proposal is for the settlements only , so it 's a special case . 
  goods from jerusalem wo n't be marked under such proposals . 
  as for being held to a higher standard israel does not fulfil those standards . 
  what other modern western democracy bombs people within their own borders and then submits them to years worth of blockades ? 
  israel is the only country that portrays itself as a democracy , that is the difference . 
  that is why we hold israel to higher standards that other middle eastern countries . 
  however the israeli pm made it perfectly clear in his last election his real motivations when he said there would never be a palestinian state . 
  the point is that people do n't know currently what is from israel and what isnt, 
  britain should really acknowledge the collusion that british army and state police took part in with loyalist paramilitaries during the troubles . 
  it is known to be widespread but is not acknowledged officially merely by individuals . 
  this collusion resulted in hundreds of deaths and bombs outside the ni border in monaghan and dublin . 
  it took 40 years and overwhelming evidence for the bloody sunday whitewash to be corrected so i 'm not holding out much hope . 
  well done to the following who signed the letter : france , italy , spain , the uk , austria , croatia , denmark , finland , ireland , luxembourg , malta , netherlands , portugal , sweden , and slovenia . 
  the federalists will push for more integration which will lead to more fragmentation . 
  the eu will be more of an economic than political union . 
  \u00a1 no passaran !, 
  heres a great song about the irish volunteers who fought for the republic : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqbxo828vio, 
  you 're missing an important distinction , red terror was carried out by individuals , the government were n't violently anti church in themselves otherwise the basques in particular would not have fought for them . 
  in the instance of white terror it was in the main instituted from the top from franco 's government . 
   really ?!, 
  people who share a common cultural background have more in common than those who do n't ? 
  yes shocking i know . 
  as such the inverse is true and baltic culture isnt the same as irish culture while iberian culture isnt the same as nordic culture . 
  places with a common background/history whatever you want to call it have similarities , that may be true for individual countries within the eu but to say there is one eu culture is laughable . 
   a few decades back we all turned in to regional flavored ice cream . 
  some were fruity , some were sweet but we were all ice cream . 
  now we 're all vanilla . 
  your arguing that irish toping and english toping and australian toping are more similar to each other than spanish toping is to german . 
  i say , who cares , it 's still all f-ing vanilla . 
  what you 're talking about here is a process of americationisation commercialisation that means mcdonalds , our movies , clothes etc are similar but that doesnt engulf our culture and doesnt override our own national traditions . 
  honestly the hard on people here have for a federal united eu seems like they just want to give up everything that makes countries unique and morph into one big blob . 
   i think we can all agree that the european culture is very similar . 
  spain has a much closer culture with france than with marocco .
