it 's shocking ireland do n't let women abortion even in case of rape . 
  to irish people here , do women have any tricks ( like having doctor 's help , so he says the baby is already dead ) to abort or do they travel ? 
   no one has at any point suggested the u.k attack spain . 
  who was suggesting the other thing ? 
  it 's an hypothetical question which work both ways . 
  if you think muslims are the only ones who want to beat and kill you , you 're very wrong . 
  the far right movements in europe will happily beat and kill you if you give them the opportunity . 
  take spain as an example , a very tolerant country with homosexual community ( even a little more than france ) , a good number of muslim inmigrants ( not as many as france ) , we do n't have a extreme far right goverment , yet everytime a gay person gets beaten is because [ some local scum ] ( http://www.abc.es/espana/madrid/abci-neonazis-hogar-social-paliza-homosexuales-repartian-propaganda-tetuan-201606302327_noticia.html ) did it , everytime someone is trying to make campain against the lgbt community it 's [ some local catholic organization . 
  ] ( http://ep01.epimg.net/verne/imagenes/2017/02/27/articulo/1488212911_849849_1488221602_noticia_normal.jpg ) do you remember how after brexit people were saying some minorities were feeling encouraged to show their racism ? 
  give people like le pen power and you 'd be surprised how many local people do n't like you . 
  they 're ( like we say here ) wolves with lamb skin . 
  are you talking about the orlando massacre ? 
  what does that have to do with le pen ? 
  and here we are , in the same spot . 
   usually , quotes are literal , not manipulations of what people says . 
  fyi . 
  so i 'll ignore your first quote . 
  my first quote is mine , but dunno maybe you 're just ignoring certain part of the comments you 're answering . 
   lies ? 
  idk * saying that is the generslitat of catalunya , saying thst its xenophobia ... actually , the only linguistic xenophobia id yours . 
  where did i say it was the generalitat ? 
  and about the xenophobia , my first comment ( really , the first one ) say i though that but maybe i was exaggerating . 
  but even if i were saying it 's without any doubt xenophobia , that would n't be a lie , it would be an opinion . 
   meanwhile we demand for our rights to be respected , in both catalan and spanish , when you do anything that 's on your hand , even if its thru lies , to stop it . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  now i 'm not sure you 're not trolling me . 
   and again with fake quotes smh please tell me where the fake quote is . 
   not the point i was making . 
  the point was who they give a voice to when they do discuss the catalan question . 
  the spanish media and press do no give a voice to the pro-independence side , which leads to disinformation ( even within catalonia 80 % of people , when they get their news from the tv , get it from spanish stations , and readers of pro-indie papers are a fairly small majority - but of course , they 've all been indoctrinated ) . 
  that 's not true , you could see mas or junqueras declarations in statal press and television often , not so often puigdemont but let 's wait until the subject is brought to light again . 
  misinformation is the primary weapon of both ( and i remark both ) sides in this subject , as i say to you i have lived in catalonia and i have seen misinformation and propaganda in the catalan side as well . 
  about the rest , i remind you you were the first one assuming my ideas , my nationalism and my position in this . 
  if you do n't want to be judged , do n't judge . 
  if you want to use subjective judgements in a discussion then do n't complain when the other one do exactly the same . 
  and this conversation is over : you made your point , i made my point , we 're not going to change minds and we are going to start repeating ourselves quite soon , so this is it . 
  no hard feelings . 
   another way to do exactly the same is to create a data base with the bussines who want to be there and offer it with an app . 
   this was exactly what you were trying to do . 
  maybe , in your fantasy war world , where everybody is with you or against you . 
   as i said , i dont agree with this app , but i dont go arround bitching about it with lies . 
  what lie ? 
   but it exists in catalonia too , even if some australopitecus like you do n't want it , \u00bf ? \u00bf ? \u00bf ? 
   but i dont go arround bitching about it with lies . 
   even if some australopitecus like you do n't want it ,  bitching about it with lies . 
  nothing is talking about denying the right , i 'm talking about the proper way to do it . 
  and tripadvisor and others do n't rate you because of the language you 're talking , which is a totally arbitrary and based only in feelings form of rating . 
  i did n't remember margallo saying he would demand control of gibraltar the day after brexit , giving that kind of statement is something to remember i looked up for the interview , sadly i could n't find it . 
  but i found [ this ] ( http://www.europasur.es/gibraltar/margallo-hablaria-penon-siguiente-triunfo_0_1005199993.html ) and [ this ] ( http://andaluciainformacion.es/campo-de-gibraltar/576950/picardo-critica-que-margallo-declarase-en-rne-que-si-hay-brexit-planteara-la-cuestion-de-gibraltar-al-dia-siguiente/ ) spanish sources who say margallo will talk ( talk and demand are quite diffrent , do n't you think ? ), 
  about gibraltar the day after brexit , then i went to the [ primary source ] ( http://chronicle.gi/2016/03/spain-would-raise-gibraltar-the-day-after-brexit-margallo/ ) of your link and no one was talking about demands . 
  so tldr the second link it 's a lie . 
  i do n't think is aiming to give citizens more information , i think is clearly aiming to encourage the use of catalan and i understand that will . 
  but i do n't think this app is the right way to do it , it 's promoting innecesary friction between citizens and could lead to some sort of witch hunt if it becomes popular . 
  another way to do exactly the same is to create a data base with the bussines who want to be there and offer it with an app . 
  it 's the same except you 're not using the citizens to do virtual accusations between them and giving them a tool to boycott some bussines . 
  can they choose if they want to be represented there ? 
  so if i came from another country and just open a bussiness while i 'm still learning the language , i can be boycotted `` sin comerlo ni beberlo '' ? 
  or if you do n't like me and you start to make bad comments about me ? 
  or if you make a bad comment about me because i was serving a tourist who only speaks spanish ? 
  the problem with it imo is it 's not based in your service to people but only in the language you speak and well , the form of promotion [ was n't exactly polite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgfzvdbdgbo ) either . 
  when i first saw it i thought the same thing : xenophobia , but maybe i was exaggerating , now i see i 'm not the only one who see it as that . 
  they 're not forcing anyone so maybe it 's more casposo than xenophobic . 
  can anybody translate ? 
  i do n't get the expression . 
  is it supposed to be saying that they can shove gibraltar up of their asses ? 
  because that sounds so `` do whatever you want '' , but that does n't seem to be the tone . 
  edit . 
  i doubt you 'll gon na read all of this , focus in the last paragraph . 
  i 'm not going to discuss flagrant lies and that to call it something . 
  spanish imperialism over catalonia ? 
  how i am supposed to discuss this kind of paranoia ? 
  i understand nationalism , even if i think is silly , but there 's a long , long way between nationalism and the extremism you 're showing . 
  you 're completely blind to reality . 
  the fact catalonia is smaller than spain does n't mean it 's a victim of anything . 
  of course media coverage of a regionalist nationalism is small in statal press . 
  because the relationship is not equal , there 's only one country catalonia need to cover , while there 's 19 autonomous communitys the spanish press covers . 
  but of course a extremist nationalist think catalans are somehow more important than any other citizen in spain . 
  yet the coverage of catalan events is much more significant than the coverage of galician or extremadura events , even andalucian ones , being andalucia bigger than catalonia in population . 
  yes , of course , catalan is dying , catalans are poor victims of a dictatorial state and catalu\u00f1a is under foreign ocupation . 
  you 're living in a fantasy world . 
  the facts are : catalan is an official language in catalonia , catalonia have press and television in catalan , the community is represented in both congress and senate , it has its own police , competency over health service , education and infraestructure ( and others but that are the more important ones ) and it 's one of the communities with higher self-goverment capacity . 
  accepting this reality you can discuss if spain should or should n't let an independence referendum happen , the fact you 're lying , mixing opinions and facts , twisting reality to acommodate it to your interests and giving voice to the more extremist independentist factions as their opinions were purely objective only tells me the plain reality is not enough to justify you nationalist feelings . 
  why do n't just tell `` i feel like catalonia should be independent because we will do better and i do n't like to be a part of spain ? 
  because then the retrograde nationalism will be tangible and maybe you could n't project that victim image you 're building to gain sympathy of misinformed people . 
  nationalism of all kind is a useless anachronism in the modern world ( and mainly based in ignorance , elitism , racism and xenphobia ) , at least if we want to build a better one , that 's why nationalist need to present a different reality to justify themselves . 
  and that being told i will give you my opinions about catalonia independence . 
  it 's useless . 
  we should build a federal europe consisting in subfederal states , so we can have a common goverment but also regional goverments who can represents the different regions interests . 
  we should make english a co-official language in every european region , we should focus in developing underdevolped regions and social welfare , science and innovation . 
  that is the path to make a better europe , spain , catalonia and a better world . 
  regionalist nationalism who only focus in themselves because they 're better than anyone else are a ballast . 
  and [ exactly the same ] ( https://www.google.es/search?q=tranvia+bilbao&amp;client=ms-android-bq&amp;prmd=mniv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjwylvuzirtahuethqkhqrudniq_auicsgd&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=560#imgrc=clmcaubjqqlewm: ) in bilbao , spain . 
   the fact that spanish linguistic nationalism seeks to and does destroy languages in their natural territories ; it is imperialism , pure and simple . 
  sorry , ca n't read further , too busy watching tv3 . 
  that 's going to help a lot picardo , please keep this attitude amigo . 
  he said so , but not exactly so , i do n't know if it 's the same in english but in spanish `` put '' the flag and `` plant '' he flag is not exactly the same . 
  the second one implies by force , i 'm pretty sure the newspaper could have made a better translation . 
  margallo is a [ well known defender ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dn5sxyjb_om ) of the `` gibraltar espa\u00f1ol '' motto anyways . 
  i ca n't talk with when you ca n't see the statment `` bilingualism in catalonia is antinatural and an imposition '' is fucking crazy and paranoid . 
   it 's absurd to suggest that spanish should n't be official in catalonia what ?
