  when did i say so ? 
  when did i suggest so ? 
  when was i even remotely close to a minimal suggestion of that ? 
  when did i show linguistic nationalist ? 
  you 're making up things , first one : my profile , you do n't know me , yet you 're adjudicating me certain traits because that way this conversation will fit in your black and white world . 
  there 's a word for that , look it up in wikipedia . 
  i do n't care about language , i speak catalan , i speak spanish , i speak english and i can understand euskera after growing up there . 
  if you ca n't see an extremist is an extremist no matter what language is he talking in , maybe you 're one of them . 
  edit . 
  maybe i do have a question for you . 
  what 's the difference between a spaniard showing linguistic nationalism and a catalan showing linguistic nationalism ? 
  the fact you 're in the catalan `` team '' ? 
  that is n't what i was talking about , i was just pointing a country and a colony are not the same thing . 
  me being one . 
  the robot will evolve to defend itself against the predator , then you will develop more sophisticated mechanisms to get the pizza and so on , we will create a new delicate ecosystem between pizza robots and hungry humans , it 's science man . 
  not a supporter of all `` gibraltar espa\u00f1ol '' thing , but ceuta and melilla are n't a `` spain overseas territory '' , they 're autonomous cities , which are administrative divisions like any other in spain and submitted to the same laws . 
  i do n't really think i 'll miss talking with the delivery guy . 
  maximum respect to delivery guys in reddit is just i do n't feel comfortable talking to people in my pajamas . 
  us and russia approaching postures . 
  well , the fact i 'm not the king of spain is a reality , a number of british think brexit is a good thing so it 's a more subjective matter . 
  that combines two of my passions : pizza and not talking with people . 
  i do feel sorry for the job loss though , even if it 's not high quality job . 
  build a wall and make this guy pay for it . 
  the difference is gibraltar it 's not exactly part of uk , is a `` british oversea territory '' so is not a country , it 's more like a colony . 
  and that without talking about frictions and discussion about what is and what is not part of gibraltar , they 're adjudicating themselves more than they own imo , but whatever , i do n't want to start a fight over this , it is n't our biggest problem . 
  pretty condescending , although i support this attitude . 
  the issue with honey is real , i have n't been able to buy honey which actually crystallyze even in specialized stores since i moved from my town and this was bought in a little butcher store from local producers . 
  i guess problems with bees and now agravated with asian wasp have something to do with it . 
  i 'm very interested in this subject , although i have n't heard about coffe fillers before , guess i have to buy a coffe grinder now . 
  anyway , i think the best mental state is believe by default that every food you buy which is not a piece of fruit or a vegetable is , in some level , fake . 
  and you have to be careful even with that , you have to check the origin of what you 're buying , it 's so easy they seell to you a south african orange disguised as a valencian one ( even if you live in valencia , which is my case ) , i 'm glad to see europe have better regulations that i thought and judging by the graphic we are pretty high in the ranking so maybe i can relax a little . 
  very interesting and it explains a lot of things i could n't understand before , thank you . 
  just learned about one drop rules , so i wonder , when you use the term people of colour , are n't you doing a one drop rule ( i do n't know how it 's expressed ) ? 
  you 're not saying this child of a black man and a white woman is black , but you 're making clear he is n't and ca n't be white . 
  i mean , obviously he 's not white , but i 'm talking about the term in a social way , not biological . 
  and do n't you think is a little bit , let 's say not gentle , to put under the same group an indian an a latin american ? 
  they have nothing in common except the fact they 're not white . 
  saying people of colour is like saying there 's only one culture/race to be considered and the others are just that `` the others '' . 
  please do n't take these questions as an attack , i do them because i want to know your impressions . 
  well , you 're talking about the worst scenario possible , an european army could lead to those bad things but with the same logic we could say not having an european army but different armies in many countries could lead to a fight between eu members . 
  i understand the worse scenario may be spected in a theorical way but it 's very unlikely to become a reality point by point . 
  and specially about yout first point , if we are in a strong union , then a hypotetical war in eastern europe is also affecting you , as a eu soldier in modern world you 're more likely to fight in some middle eastern country , surrounded by people you have nothing in common with than to fight directly for and in your own country . 
  you have more ties with an eu member country than with people in lebanon or afghanistan . 
  and if you 're in an international army you 'll be even closer , because you will personally know people of every country in eu . 
  personally , i support the idea of a eu army . 
  i think the most real danger we will face is the one you talk about in your third point , being seen as a threat to other strong countries . 
  but let 's put ourselves in an hypotetical scenario where a member of the eu is attacked by an outsider force , it is logical that we would have to coordinate our efforts between countries with all the delays it will certainly bring and not be able to make a strong and quick response ? 
  our potential enemies see us as a unity , but we are not able to work as one , that 's not a clever step in my opinion . 
  and i have a hope an eu army will decrease particulary countries spend in defense , so we 'll be able to spend this surplus in our economy and civil areas , in spain this is specially relevant , as we need it `` as we need to eat '' ( like we say here ) . 
  maybe it 's the same for other countries . 
  i 'm born and raised in spain and i have talked many times about catalonia with different people ( everytime it 's news for sure and many others ) , in person and in internet debates and i have never seen a generalized despice to catalonia from spanish people . 
  in fact i have lived in catalonia for 4 years , and that misinformation you 're talking about ? 
  nationalist people of both sides fall in it , but most people are not ignorant enough to make offensive statements . 
   according to the most recent linguistic survey , over half of people never speak catalan . 
  i 'm not going to study 200 + pages of a poorly done ( at least when it comes to show the data ) report , if you want me to see where it says half of the people in catalonia do n't speak catalan show me the table directly . 
   one of the great myths , both from the catalan and the spanish side , is that catalan is the vehicular language apart from spanish classes . 
  are you kidding ? 
  are you saying the fact some classes are in spanish is prove classes are not imparting mostly in catalan ? 
  i have lived there , i 've seen it . 
  my boyfriend is catalan and his education was entirely in catalan and i mean , entirely . 
  and it 's not only two people experiences , i know catalonian people , people who live in catalonia and people who studied in catalonia . 
   as any sociolinguist will tell you , catalan is going through a process of substitution - and thus , since it is not spoken in any other place , death . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  catalan dead ? 
  in what universe ? 
  these people of the koin\u00e9 manifest are a living prove nationalism have their extremist in both ways . 
  yeah , sure . 
  what evil spanish people are , making spanish and catalan both oficial languages in catalu\u00f1a , ca n't you believe it ? 
  so antidemocratic and antinatural , where can you see something like that ? 
  only in bad dominant spain . 
  i 'm not going to talk about everything in yout comment because it will be too long but , spaind do n't respect the people of catalonia and its culture ? 
  you do n't find spanish people who with anything good to say about catalonia ? 
  persecute of the language ? 
  bullshit , there 're nationalist both ways who despice each other , but most people in spain have no problem with catalonia or catalan . 
  in catalonia nearly everyone speak catalan , schools imparts classes in catalan , signs are in catalan , there 's tv channels in catalan , that 's a very ineffective way of persecution i guess . 
  they have their own police , their competences just like ( or even better than ) everyone else . 
  most of the things you 're adjuticating to `` spanish people '' come from a small group of people we call `` la caverna '' ( the cave ) and they have always something despicable to say about other people in spain , you think what they have said about catalonia is bad , you should hear what they said about basque country and what they say about everyone who is just not part of their `` team '' . 
  the reality is , there 're friction between spain and catalonia ( specially when pp is ruling ) and the independent movement is big , but is not the victim/executioner scenario you just described . 
  we need change so hard here in spain , we will let the frenchs this time , palabrita de honor , no guerrila , just do n't send le pen . 
  i will also accept the germans , but be gentle and do n't drink everything . 
  the voted pp , they did n't voted specifically this . 
  and lately parties are doing the hell they want and not following their electoral programs . 
  so this is not people 's fault , making it people 's fault you make the goverment less guilty . 
  we prefer to be called `` tortilla con cebolla person '' , there 's another group who want to be called `` tortilla sin cebolla person '' , but they 're terrorist who want to destroy all that is good . 
  i did n't understand the sarcasm . 
  may be because i 'm not from there then , but i find it pretty racist , like being black or arab or whatever is a bad thing and you need to use an euphemism . 
  i do n't know , is there anyone who fall in the category of `` people of colour '' who actually like that term ? 
  because i do n't and i do n't know anyone who do . 
  take it easy pal , in spain these declarations could be done referring to people of your country . 
  and i would still think they 're racist , i 'm just saying , it could be you or someone you love . 
  now think again . 
  i see your points , but this was a speech to appeal to emotions . 
  it was n't an analysis of european situation from a critical point of view . 
  it 's true , europe needs more discussion , more evolve and many changes if we want to be even remotely close to make the union part real . 
  that 's why we need people like you and like pons right now , because even if europe is mainly a market , we need to believe it could be more in order to make it a reality , but we also need a feet in the ground , ask the uncomfortable questions and criticism to not become stagnant and grow strong . 
  that 's my point of view at least , i think pons made a good spech , but i ca n't argue with you because i mainly agree . 
  it 's not only that he 's a member of a corrupt party and probably personally involved in corruption with impunity . 
  he 's specifically a hypocrite and a liar with a face harder than concrete , going to tv saying the corruption cases where a conspiracy against the pp . 
  can you believe it , you 're stealing from us and you 're acting like you were the victim . 
  but you had to actually suffered him for years in tv to fully understand why he gets so much hate from spaniards in reddit ( where you wo n't encounter many pp voters to be honest ) .
