also this :  during the estonian war of independence , some 2,000 finnish volunteers under the leadership of their estonian commander hans kalm had at a crucial moment helped to turn the tide of the war and rout the invading red army . 
  the estonian volunteers in the finnish army , to indicate a debt of honor , picked `` for the freedom of finland and the honor of estonia '' as their motto . 
  i think at some point they have threatened everyone who joined or wanted to join nato . 
  another version : if you did n't want part of your country annexed maybe you should try wanting it to be annexed . 
  have you ever thought of that angle . 
   corruption was lower the general attitude in soviet union was if it 's state property , then it 's ok to steal . 
  stealing from the state was a part of everyday life . 
  having connections and bribing was the way to get things done . 
  the system was corrupt as fuck . 
   people 's basic needs were provided for , eeryone had a job the thing with that is that everyone were equally poor , poorer that low paid unskilled worker in us or anywhere in western world . 
  except the communist party elite , they had good lives . 
  soviet union had deep economic problems in the 80 's . 
  that 's why they started reforms that eventually lead to the collapse of the union . 
  i mean people were standing in lines for hours just to buy bread and shit like that . 
   they belonged to baltic germans to begin with and never to estonians . 
  okay , i 'm not gon na argue with you about the legal continuity of those archives . 
  you seem to be sure that they belong to germans . 
  in that case russia should return them to germany , that i 'm sure is happy to return those to estonia :d oh and the president of the republic of estonia 's sign of office has nothing to do with baltic germans . 
  what about that ? 
   where the fuck i justify soviet atrocities ? 
  here you are for example downplaying negative impact of soviet occupation to our economies :  also saying that without soviet union they would be much better off is quite naive just look at the states now and on the society which is corrupt and crime stricken . 
  with that society you would be only slightly better  documents or other valuable things from xvii century are what germans had , the feudal peasants were estonians . 
  edit : deleted something, 
   if so then why did n't you give them back to baltic germans in interwar period ? 
  they are owners of it , if you did n't give back it to them why do you expect someone to give you back it . 
   because those items were collected in 1920-30 's and are part of history of estonia and never belonged to the baltic germans ? 
  and you imply that germans have a claim on these documents and items ? 
  seriously ? 
  could n't you think any less ridiculous argument to justify soviet atrocities ? 
   estonians were feudal peasants btw , at least we could read : http://www.unzcloud.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/russian-empire-literacy-rate-1897.jpg and also : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_national_awakening so by the beginning of 20th century estonians were no peasants no more . 
  well at least not all of them . 
   also saying that without soviet union they would be much better off is quite naive just look at the states now and on the society which is corrupt and crime stricken . 
  with that society you would be only slightly better this crime and corruption was directly caused by soviet occupation fucking up our societies and transition to normal free country from occupation . 
   moral rights demanding any compensations from russia so it 's immoral to ask compensation from deportations , killings and stolen valuables ( http://estonia.eu/about-estonia/culture-a-science/estonian-cultural-treasures-outside-estonia.html quote : 18 705 storage items from the estonian historical archives in tartu originating from the xvi-xx centuries were relocated to various russian archives between the years 1948-1964 ), 
  behind history museum \u0422\u0430\u043b\u043b\u0438\u043d : http://www.panoramio.com/photo/106514061 they had also some park or alley idea but right now they are just lying there , resting . 
  ruling soviet union was a tough job ... 
  cite from wiki ( can confirm since i 'm from one of those `` republics '' ) : while formally all languages were equal , in almost all soviet republics the russian/local bilingualism was `` asymmetric '' : the titular nation learned russian , whereas immigrant russians generally did not learn the local language . 
  well , they could defeat nazis and not occupy half of europe maybe ? 
  like let countries decide if they want to be commies or not ... 
  no , that 's not correct : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_of_foreigners_to_vote#european_union_.28eu.29 only eu citizens can vote on local elections , based on where they live . 
  estonia gives also right to vote for people from outside eu and people with no citizenship . 
  edit : wording, 
  the problem with reform party is n't that they have n't done good work , the problem is that they 're gone lazy and arrogant in last years . 
  aliens can vote in municipal elections in estonia . 
  from wiki :  legal persons income tax rate is 20 % in the year 2015 . 
  however , the system of corporate earnings taxation currently in force in estonia is a unique system , which shifts the moment of corporate taxation from the moment of earning the profits to the moment of their distribution . 
  in other words , earning profits in itself does not bring income tax liability , which arises only when earned profit is distributed to shareholders . 
  in case profit distributed to shareholders originates from dividends received from subsidiary company or from permanent establishment corporation has in other country , then profit distribution is tax exempt . 
  estonia does not have withholding tax on dividends paid . 
  btw it 's exactly like that in estonia, 
  in old town some places have very high prices . 
  especially in town square . 
  but usually you can get beer half the price just by going around the corner . 
  well if countries were competing under eu flag then it would be quite relevant to calculate per capita , yes ? 
  stopped using netflix few months ago for that reason :(, 
  and in that case hollywood wo n't have less income because you ca n't buy it, 
  i do n't know how it 's in other countries but there is quite a cap between m2 prices in old and new houses , even if the old houses are very well renovated, 
  `` average size of new dwelling for eur 200,000 '' new apartments are much closer to 2350/m2 than to 1550/m2, 
  you can see finland from tallinn tv-tower 's viewing platform on a clear day . 
  i am an anomaly on the internet . 
  indeed , they have same amount of points . 
  you 're russians right ? 
  military technology and weapons were transferring even before joining nato . 
  all that situation has nothing to do with russia being threatened . 
  they just do n't like that they are not able to influence some neighboring countries and expand their sphere of influence . 
  they ( russian government ) have quite imperialistic mindsets and it 's all about power . 
  and it 's really not nice to live so close to country like this and this is why we joined nato , to have some protection . 
  if they do n't like that , they can go f *** themselves , seriously . 
  edit : wording, 
  sorry , but nato started bringing forces to baltics and poland after the start of war in ukraine . 
  so it 's more like you buy a gun because your neighbor started using theirs on other neighbor . 
  there are 50 even countries in there !!!, 
  http://www.iihf.com/home-of-hockey/championships/world-ranking/mens-world-ranking/2015-ranking/ on a serious note , last time i heard about estonian hockey team was when they were drunk in some competition in ~ ~ romania ~ ~ ukraine . 
  that was few years ago . 
  tell me how baltic states were in ` radically ' different position compared to ukraine and belarus in the beginning of the 90s ? 
  in that case i see no problem paying american prices for internet . 
  lack of kebab in tallinn is outrageous . 
  ass-skin removal and sauna 2-1 . 
  such innovation !, 
  no , they ca n't . 
  also you can check your vote only for limited time ( do n't remember exactly how long but probably until e-voting have ended ), 
  almost same situation in tallinn and although mayor is not russian he gets most of his votes from russian speaking population right now he 's prosecuted and suspended of being mayor https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edgar_savisaar#bribery_allegations, 
  til we have racist laws, 
  it 's public information who wrote it ... and there are committees and supervisors for every move they do , like in paper voting . 
  there are no electronic voting machines in estonia . 
  it 's actually online voting that we use . 
  you use id-card with chip to cast your vote . 
  source code is public . 
  you can also check your vote with mobile app afterwards . 
  edit : source code : https://github.com/vvk-ehk/evalimine, 
  i 've seen estonians that could n't find estonia on map ... 
  all this russian `` sphere of influence '' thing is quite weird . 
  it 's like russia ( thinks it ) has some kind of god-given right to influence and bully it 's neighbors . 
  and if they 're denied of that , they get angry and it 's nato 's fault russia 's neighbors do n't want to be bullied anymore . 
  and it 's not only old people . 
  there are a lot of young people also , who do not straight out hate lgbt people , but for some bizarre reason ( see / u/kilahti comment ) they are against same sex partnership laws . 
  i usually eat 8-10 broccoli and about 20 iceberg lettuces a day . 
  it 's deep crisis . 
  actually it 's more and more popular here wanting into balkan , especially in the winter, 
  saw a documentary once about building that bridge on discovery channel .
