  had a bad experience with the bus transfer . 
  it cost about 40 eur there and back , took 2 or 3 hours and dropped me off in the middle of paris . 
  this necessitated me cutting my last day short to get to the center , catch the bus and still arrive 2hrs before flight departure . 
  overall , yeah , it saved me about 50 eur on air travel costs , but it was n't a really pleasant experience . 
  sometimes , money comes second to comfort . 
   plus beauvais for cheap airlines yeah , but beuvais is n't even in ile-de-france . 
  it 's like flying to bratislava to go to vienna . 
  went there once with ryanair like an uninformed peasant . 
  never again . 
   but flat earth ? 
  i ca n't see any basis of it as a conspiracy theory . 
  it 's a theory , but where 's the conspiracy ? 
  why does the government want to silence the `` truth '' about the shape of the earth ? 
  aliens , dragons or stuff . 
  i do n't know , i 'm a flat earther , man . 
  it 's all an alien conspiracy . 
  wake up sheeple, 
  fyi : that wiki article is just weird . 
  for example , poland has an average monthly income of 700 , but an average yearly income of 12000 ? 
  that 's some bizzare math . 
  unless the polish calendar has 17 months in it , that is . 
   planes use gps to navigate during a flight . 
  why does that necessitate a circular earth ? 
   what else do you think they use ? 
  for all i care , they can use maps . 
  this is all a huge government conspiracy , remember ? 
   also , have you ever used gsp tools like google earth ? 
  they all show a round earth , and this all used satellites up the sky which all show a round earth . 
  as a flat earther , it 's obvious to me that this is all a conspiracy , and that google would obviously show a flat globe , since they are in on it . 
  relying on a tool 's description is not the same as seeing and believing it myself . 
  yes , the earth is round , i know , but your arguments leave many things to be desired . 
   because planes fly the globe and use a global positioning satellite ? 
  from an outsider perspective , if you believe the world is flat , then why would the world need to be a globe for a plane to fly ? 
  if you toss a paper plane in your room , will it not fly ? 
  and i am fairly certain that `` global '' in gps is defined as `` worldwide '' , not literally `` oval shaped '' . 
  fyi : the world is spherical , i 'm not denying that . 
  i 'm just curious why you think that a flat earther would be convinced of the earth 's curvature by taking a transcontinental flight . 
   i met a flat earther who still believed in a flat earther even after embarking on a 15 hour flight . 
  it 'd take a fucking trip to the iss to convince him that the earth is round . 
  disregarding the obvious , why would a 15hr flight be used as evidence of the earth 's curvature ? 
  somewhat surprised . 
  always thought cdg was more of a transfer hub , while orly was the airport for people arriving and staying in paris . 
  or at least , that 's what my experience suggested . 
   i 'm not just talking about funding though as consumers there 's only 2 with real spending power and one of them is about to leave and start trading with others . 
  `` others '' does not necessarily exclude the european union . 
  the notion that brexit will end any and all trade between the islands and the continent is ridiculous . 
  just as the dellusion that everyone is just clamouring to suck uk 's dingus and offer them the best trade deals ever to their own detriment . 
  out of our two nations , yours will be the one affected more . 
  and spending power is relative . 
  on the one hand , you love to profess your purchasing power and how you 're crucial to the existence of the universe , on the other hand you whine when polish carpenters work for less . 
  so which is it ? 
  and i do n't understand the e-commerce chart there . 
  what exactly does that prove ? 
  that amazon.co.uk is a british website ? 
  i never understood where the sentiment that the democrats ' are some eu loving , climate change resolving , health care providing pacifists came from . 
   at least 10 budding european economies are going to flop hard because of this . 
  you are vastly exaggerating the amount of eu funding provided by britain , the influence of said funding on the eu economy , and the eu 's dependence of uk markets . 
  if one of the shittiest eu countries has a 150 billion gdp , then the 2 or 3 bln missing from uk 's quote-unquote ` donation ' is not likely to end the world as we know it . 
  young polish men are coming over to the uk , and they live cramped in small apartments , work for less and without the innate benefits of knowing the land , so to speak . 
  yet they still come , and yet you hire them all the same . 
  why is it their fault that they are willing to toil where they can ? 
   it 's fundamentally damaging for working class people there has to be market for cheap polish labour to begin with . 
  and thanks to cheap polish labour can poorer people afford to live in renovated houses , or hire a gardener , or change their plumbing . 
  it 's not as though the english do n't prosper from cheap polish labour . 
  and if 52 % of the country * hates * the hiring practices ( which assumedly is the case ) , then maybe they should n't participate in them . 
  but then they could n't get that new lawn planted , or their roof tilings replaced . 
  decisions decisions . 
  or people just do n't like femnist canths . 
   free movement with eastern europe was the biggest mistake ever , that 's why we have far right wing parties all over the place now . 
  honestly , that speaks a lot more about the western mentality than about anything else . 
  but nah , that 's not bigotry , the easterners are the bigots here . 
   eastern europe has no concept for solidarity . 
  probably not . 
  but really , solidarity for whom ? 
  i wo n't go into detail , but last i checked greece , italy and friends are sovereign countries with semi-functional state apparatuses . 
  if you need to rely on help from the uneducated mongoloid scum , then something is deeply wrong here . 
   cut the funds , end free movement and western europe will profit . 
  it wo n't really . 
  a lot of western ( and eastern , let 's be real ) shit is made here . 
  it 's ridiculous to think that this is a one sided deal where the west holds all the cards , can fold anytime it wants and walk away smelling like roses . 
  the west needs the east , and it needs a stable , open and rich east first and foremost . 
  if you want to shift your production into making luxury items ( like cars , electronics , computer chips , etc. 
  ) , then you need a buyer 's market . 
  a poor eastern europe covered in import tariffs wo n't be able to afford your luxury shit . 
  do you really want to go back to making steel and sewing clothes ? 
   considering that most of eastern europe sides with the far right on immigration and clearly does n't give a shit about solidarity not denying your first statement , but why the western exclusion ? 
  le pen , ukip , syriza , the italian referendum stuff , afd , whatever the austrian equivalent is ... 
  seriously . 
  you act like the west has no problems with resurging right wing parties . 
  honestly , look at the platforms those parties are running on , compare their support and then rethink your statement on the progressive thinking of western people . 
  not denying the importance of eu funding , but the 4 % figure encompassess all the funds received from the eu . 
  it does n't substract the money that we would n't pay to begin with . 
  not true . 
  imagine a russian funded coup fires in belgium . 
  they seek to install a russian friendly , french hating government . 
  do you press the red button because belgium has trouble ? 
  a terrorist cell started messing stuff up in france . 
  they destroy public property , agitate the populace against the government and spread anti-nato propaganda . 
  intelligence suggests they are russian funded . 
  do you press the big red button ?
