  from where i 'm standing , the uk is still an eu member . 
  it pays membership fees , recieves benefits and adheres to its laws . 
  the uk is not leaving the eu at the moment . 
  why should anyone talk seriously about post brexit population transfers , when there is no brexit ? 
  under eu law , they have to guarantee rights for eu citizens . 
  eu citizens such as poles , for example . 
  why would the eu negotiate about something that uk is obligated to do anyways ? 
  did the uk leave the eu ? 
  did it make steps towards leaving the eu ? 
  so what `` nope '' ? 
  in regards to burning fossil fuel , it is in fact the cleanest, 
   unlimited bandwidth plan at $ 120 that 's insanely expensive . 
   per capita . 
   i meant heat , not petrol . 
  on average , gas prices took a nosedive in the past couple of years . 
  naturally , being dependent on a single distributor ( russia ) , allows them to charge more than they would be able to had we broken the monopoly . 
   rent was heavily regulated . 
  the problem of finding an appartement is a different problem . 
  rent is * still * regulated in old apt . 
  blocks that fall under the collective . 
  and you can hardly claim that lower rents were a bonus , but then admit that there was no housing to be rented . 
   if you dont think people are worried , i can assure you the poorer ones are are pens , pencils , notebooks and schoolbags that much more expensive than they were ? 
  i doubt it , but i admit ignorance in this topic . 
   nobody worked at all , yet the nation somehow survived for 40 years . 
  the system was indeed ineffective but people did work people were employed , they did n't work . 
  at least not all of them . 
   no one is forcing them , yet about a million people are in the `` debt trap '' . 
  the stupid plebs shouldnt have gotten a loan for their new tv eh ? 
  yes ? 
  if you take out a loan without reading the fine print , you only have yourself to blame . 
  at the least , nowadays you can buy more than one type of tv sans waiting 2 years because the ones built in this 5 years ' plan were already sold out . 
   details please ? 
  there were drugs on the street for anyone who wanted to find them . 
  just because the media did n't report on it ( because they were literally forbidden to ) , does not mean it did n't exist . 
   no worrying about gas prices gas in communist czechoslovakia was * literally unaffordable * . 
  the only one who had gas were state run lorry drivers who overcharged their gas cards and sold petrol on the side for private profit . 
   rent prices you had to pay your monthly fees to the collective ( dru\u017estvo ) anyways . 
  sure , newlywed loans were affordable , but you were restricted to where and how many properties you could buy . 
  my family literally had to sell their flat before moving to a house , there was no option to keep it . 
   about buying things to school for kids those things cost money all the same , and i do n't think people nowadays are worried about affording school supplies . 
  i am not sure what you 're aiming for here , but i really do n't get the argument . 
   to pay for sports classes yes you did . 
  the sports ' clubs cost membership fees , and any professional sportsman had more connections than talent . 
   no worrying about job security hence nobody worked at all , everyone embezzled and the general populace thought it a normal occurence . 
  brilliant move , marx . 
   no bullshit shark-loans do n't get this one . 
  nobody 's forcing high interest loans upon anybody in post communist czech-rep . hardly a solid argument . 
   no rural depopulation urbanization in cr has been stagnating for the past 15 years . 
  any depopulation is long over . 
  just because jzds ' have been cancelled , does not mean villages are dying out . 
  slovakia 's urbanization is at 50:50 , about 10 points below global , and many many more below european averages . 
   no drugs on the streets you and i must be thinking about a different czechoslovakia . 
  never said anything about ussr elections . 
  only that the post war 1948 elections in * czechoslovakia * were n't a sham . 
  any elections after , naturally were . 
  they actually were . 
  the elections in post war czechoslovakia were fair . 
  the communist party recieved a lot of credit for liberating the nation , plus they were better funded and organized on account for soviet support , but the elections themselves were legit , as evidenced by the fact that slovakia voted predominantly democratic/conservative . 
  the more populous czechs however got the communists elected into power . 
  not today , no . 
  but remember that ks\u010c won with a landslide , so a transition to a capitalist society was impossible with gottwald in power . 
  by whom ? 
  us , the commonwealth and poland . 
  5 out of 30 is not that successful of a ratio . 
   the marshall plan to be fair , it came with strings attached . 
  strings that were decidedly anti-communist and pro-capitalist . 
   but whatever , if it 's easier to believe that putin is just a moustache twirling dastardly villain rather than try and look at it from both sides go ahead . 
  well , invading countries because they do n't toe the russian line seems like a fairly villainous thing to me . 
  nato is an alliance of what , 30 countries ? 
  can you ever see 30 countries agreeing on anything of note , least of all a russian invasion ? 
  the whole `` encircled by nato '' is just complete bullshit . 
  hardly matters , does it ? 
  a couple hundred nuclear warheads can destroy the world many times over . 
  the damage to the environment will kill us even if the radiation does not manage . 
   western politicians inspired and supported their `` maidan '' coup , ukraine ceased to exist in its former borders and collapsed in a few regions . 
  pursuing your logic , russia too ceased to exist during the chechenya war ? 
  or is that different because reasons ? 
   especially after pro-maidan protesters burned alive other ukrainians in odessa . 
  i am not aware of this happening , but people are stupid and violence needs no cause . 
  a couple of drunk hooligans do not represent the country nor the government . 
   people of crimea declared themselves independent and voted for inclusion into russian federation on a referendum . 
  after being for all intents and purposes invaded by russian soldiers , voting on a referendum under arms with 0 international oversight . 
  in addition , anyone with a * russian * passport was allowed to vote in the referendum , and the exitpoll from that referendum did not correlate with expressed tartar sentiments . 
   for us western involvement in the coup at independent and sovereign country is as unacceptable , as crimean referendum to the west . 
  yes . 
  because 99,9 % of the maidan was composed of either foreign spies or paid for collaborators . 
  this is totally the same thing as sending uniformed soldiers to occupy a part of a country , then publicly declare it a part of russia while continuing to prop up puppet pseudo-states like novorossiya and whatever by sending even more soliders and equipment into ukraine . 
  yes , yes . 
  i see that russia is the victim here . 
  just like in ossetia , where i am sure the west was to blame as well . 
  or transnistria . 
  or chechenya . 
  truly , everyone who does not want to be attached to russia and its poisonous yolk is a western controlled puppet . 
  that is the only possible explanation . 
   dividing of ussr by its administrative borders into new countries was a mistake that disregarded opinions of local populations . 
  i am tired to explain this . 
  regardless , russia was signatory to the budapest memorandum which guaranteed ukraine 's borders , crimea included . 
  if you felt so strongly about russian nationalism , you should have worked something out then . 
  takesies-backsies are not a sign of reliable foreign policies . 
   they nuke , they die .
