   the chaps point with the automation stuff is that we 're all sitting on here bitching about lazy immigrants/welfare spongers etc. 
  i 'm not bitching about lazy immigrants . 
  to hell with it , i am pro immigration , but this is out of hand . 
  people that come here from asia find their own accomodation , work , pay taxes and if they are dissatisfied , they go back home . 
  there are millions of people coming here for an all expense paid life which we can not provide . 
   but when the boot is on the other foot and we are also in this situation ( and most of us will much as we all convince ourselves we 're `` above average '' etc ) will we then be thinking with the same attitude or would we also be asking for help ? 
  what `` this situation '' ? 
  unemployment in europe is real , not hypothetical and there are social systems put in place to combat them . 
  you pay taxes , you pay social security and when you need help , you will get it because you - as a citizen of that country - have due right to it . 
  if the social system is strained , then it needs to be overhauled , that 's a completely different topic . 
  though i am sure as heck that if i end up unemployed , i am not going to disguise myself as a syrian refugee and run to germany . 
  considering they lied to get accepted in the first place , i do n't think it 's that much of a stretch to assume that getting the euro back would be very difficult for greece . 
  war refugees do n't get family reunification , only asylum seekers do . 
  okay guys . 
  we have 60,000,000 more refugees coming in apparently . 
  start building the tents . 
  nobody is safe anywhere else but in germany . 
   first , we first need to actually process people before we pass judgement on whether or not they should get refugee status . 
  and we 're failing at providing that processing , we are failing massively . 
  why are processing center funding not the top priority of migrant critics ? 
  why are we failing though ? 
  the process is lenghty and close to 10,000 people arrive each day . 
  if the processing capacity is 500/day for preliminary checks and around 100/day for the final verdict , the backlog is massive and will continue to be so . 
  meanwhile , you have hundreds of thousands of people unaccounted for running around europe . 
  there can not be a solution before we plug the intakes . 
   second , it 's lovely how you think turkey should deal with the refugee 's but we do n't . 
  why ? 
  because the luck of geography ? 
  fuck them , because we can pretend the syrian war does n't exist and they ca n't ? 
  i do n't think turkey exclusively should deal with them . 
  but if the avg . 
  temperature for the turkish coast is 12 \u00b0 c and in bavaria it 's close to -5 \u00b0 c , the level of care provided needs to be different . 
  i would personally prefer building an extensive refugee camp on one of greece 's abandoned islands and handling them there , or in lybia/syria directly . 
  1 norwegian refugee costs as much as 10 turkish ones . 
  furthermore , the people in turkey are syrians , the people coming to europe are n't - in most cases . 
  why accept the albanians , kosovans , afghanis etc. 
  when they should n't be permitted to stay anyways ? 
   and lastly , it is not impossible to shelter everyone . 
  it 's absolutely silly how westerners especially have this idea that they 're stretched to the limit . 
  and seriously ? 
  why are you focussing on entertainment ? 
  keeping people busy is not necessarily about cheap entertainment . 
  there 's refugees packed by the dozen in school gymnasiums . 
  how is that acceptable accomodation ? 
  dozens of people share a gym shower for basic hygiene , eat from field canteens and sleep in charity clothing . 
  where else are we supposed to house them ? 
  in our basements ? 
  the easiest way to keep people busy is entertainment . 
  or do you suggest that teaching 800,000 syrians german is somehow easier ? 
  from my personal experience , the german language is not one that is easy to learn . 
   lastly , we 're approaching massive automation unemployment . 
  and to know how little some people care about personal suffering and pointlessness says a lot about how well our societies will deal with that . 
  we 're are bankrupt as a society it seems . 
  when there 's one person suffering from harm , 90 % of the country bleeds their hearts out for him/her . 
  when there 's 10 million of them , you can not help everyone as much as you would help the individual . 
  that 's not sociopathy , that 's common sense . 
  1 person is an anomaly , 10 million is a statistic . 
  i disagree . 
  there 's a lot of sympathy for syrians in europe , even on this sub . 
  what you need to realize is that about 20 % of the people here are syrian . 
  those deserve our help - but within the confines of our abilities . 
  there is over a million people here , with thousands still on the way this year alone . 
  if germany ( and other governments ) demonstrate that they are willing to take in and take care of every middle eastern person that comes knocking on their doors , sobbing , the figure can very well double next year . 
  the war in syria did not break out recently , it 's a 4 year old conflict and there 's close to 3 million people left in turkey 's camps alone . 
  there are no facilities where we can accomodate that many people . 
  it 's impossible to shelter them all from the cold . 
  now think how difficult it would be to provide them with entertainment , employment , comfort and luxury . 
  it 's not possible . 
  your personal suffering is not reason enough to have expectations of luxury , freedom and entertainment . 
  we can not provide that . 
  baghdad and kabul are safe . 
  are all ukrainians also war refugees by your standards ? 
  just pointing out that the definition and rights of a political asylant contain those of family reunification , for fear of his family being targeted for political reasons . 
  war refugees do not classify as asylum seekers . 
  they are not fleeing persecution , they are fleeing war . 
  family reunification does not apply . 
  war refugees = / = political asylants . 
  do n't forget that . 
  to be fair , though . 
  as a guy who visited both cypruses ( cypris ? 
  cyprus ? 
  ) , i liked the northern part better . 
  it had a beautiful neo-renaissance architecture and famagusta was much much breathtaking than anything the south offered . 
  though i do admit that the view of a tourist does not reflect the socio-economic situation of the republic . 
  well , i do n't know . 
  i find / u/ashbourne10 's requests pretty reasonable . 
  although you can do all that other stuff too if you want . 
  being against mass immigration by people of questionable origins and intentions does not equal xenophobia . 
  it really does n't . 
  most eritreans are stuck on welfare generations down the road . 
  if people are migrating for work , then they are a benefit , but if they migrate with the intent of having a taxpayer paid life , their value is questionable, 
  you 're welcome to argue semantics . 
  but refusing to believe something does not determine its existence . 
  because it no longer is a part of your country , perhaps ? 
   if ever youre lending anyone money look at their history , especially billions , thats why we all have credit scores . 
  that 's the thing . 
  the eu was ( albeit unintentionally ) greece 's guarantor , not its creditor . 
  the money loaned to greece came from private banks , not the eu or its governments . 
  like slovakia separated from hungary , like ukraine separated from russia , like belgium separated from the netherlands , like singapore separated from malaysia , kosovo too has the right to go its own way . 
  eu was n't lending greece any money .
