  apcs are dead weight on the offensive , but are just fine for a mobile infantry force to dig in urban areas . 
  considering that lithuania 's only potential enemy is russia , it wo n't matter how many ifvs you employ , you 're not going to win that fight . 
  from such a standpoint , i 'd consider getting apcs a smarter option to investing heavily in ifvs you 're unlikely to ever use . 
   pontiac greeks i 'm sorry , but i ca n't stop imagining greeks charging the turks driving a pontiac gto . 
  due to a government scandal , exports of all water were widely forbidden . 
  it had nothing to do with targeting individual companies . 
  all of slovakia 's water is exclusively a property of slovakia , regardless if you own the stream or a plot of land above it . 
  the law states you can not export non bottled water for commercial purposes . 
  if you 're extracting it in slovakia , then you - logically - have to bottle it there , otherwise it 's against the law . 
  afaik it 's not against eu regulation as water is a public service , and thus can be independently regulated . 
  and the german chancellor with hundreds of aides and experts at her disposal could have never predicted that and this was totally not a calculated pr move that got out of hand . 
  at the very least it fueled an already ongoing fire . 
  let 's also not forget the omni-solving eu refugee quotas . 
    north african nation  ftfy practically balkan, 
  germany is one of the largest economies partaking in nato . 
  comparing it with say estonia is a false equivalent . 
  psst . 
  putting a label on a group of people by saying they 're racist is n't racist . 
  but the solution was not to invite them further . 
   transnistria has a border with nice ukrainians , not bloody russians . 
  for now . 
  and the roma are ghouls, 
  alternatively , they can stop cockblocking cyprus and buy gas from there , or simply lay pipelines on the sea board . 
  dutch indonesia was just as bad . 
  pipelines are fairly cheap and the arabian peninsula is relatively close . 
  turkey would n't freeze . 
  oil . 
  you think nato will throw turkey under the bus for no other reason than to `` preserve the peace '' and `` placate the russian bear '' when turkey 's natos ace up a sleeve when it comes to dealing with russia . 
  basically an analogy equivalent to handing a serial killer a knife if he super duper promises to only kill that one guy you dislike . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  yes they would otherwise nato is meaningless, 
  a plane does n't lose its velocity and starts falling like a brick tossed out of 5th floor balcony after being hit by a missile , you know . 
  everyone will . 
  turkey is a core nato member . 
  it holds russia by the balls by holding bosporus , making their black sea fleet a sitting duck , it opens a third front on russia 's southern border and is key to countering russian influence in the middle east . 
  it wo n't matter what turkey did , nato will not let it stand alone against russia , considering how important it is that it keeps cockblocking russia politically . 
  nobody cared that it was the us who allowed saddam to stay in iraq when it came to invading iraq to depose saddam again . 
  which is syria , russia and greece . 
  well mate , you 're screwed, 
  nato is a military alliance , not a political union . 
  yeah , but i can fly from prague to new york for the same amount as taking a train from prague to paris, 
  the most recent ones ? 
  france . 
  that 's how they get you . 
  did n't isis practically say `` yeah , it was us , we did it '' right after the act ? 
   but you 'd be mistaken to see popular support around the world as a bad thing because it pressures leaders to actually change something instead of ignoring the situation . 
  i very much doubt that . 
  i would agree with you if someone was willing to own up to the responsibility of shooting mh17 down . 
  for now , everyone 's throwing it around like a hot potato . 
  the bomb in the a321 was tragic . 
  mh17 was likewise tragic . 
  but at least for a321 you can point your finger at somebody . 
   well people in the western ` civilized world ' spend a lot of time convincing themselves that their societies are somehow more humanist than everybody else and that all enemies must be evil monsters or barbarians . 
  from wikipedia : humanism is a philosophical and ethical stance that emphasizes the value and agency of human beings , individually and collectively , and generally prefers critical thinking and evidence ( rationalism , empiricism ) over unthinking acceptance of dogma or superstition . 
  for the most part , our ` western ' societies are very much so more ` humanist ' - as you put it - than many others . 
  [ and there 's evidence and rankings to back it up , too . 
  ] ( https://index.rsf.org/#!/ ) western ` values and ideals ' center around the people , and not the countries themselves . 
  democracy - while not a perfect system - rules and establishes laws by the people , for the people and not based on a thousand year old book or the will of god . 
   the average person anywhere is n't much different , it just happens to be the case that all the crap here is being suppressed by functioning states and social taboos every human on earth breathes , eats , drinks , has the same amount of bones in his body , the same skeletal and muscular structure . 
  that much is true . 
  but all in all , similar comparisons could be drawn between a dandellion and a pine tree or a grizzly bear and a polar one . 
  though i like to think that we as a species are not defined by how we look , but rather how we act or think . 
  we may look the same , but we are not the same - just take a look at how polarized society is on pretty much every subject . 
  the recent paris attacks only reinforce my point . 
   but when something like this happens everybody is out for some good old lynching all the same , regardless of whether it does any good . 
  yes , when people are killed over religious fundamentalism , other people get angry , especially if the massacre happens thousands of kilometres away from the battlefield . 
  i trust that 's the normal reaction . 
  the desire for revenge is a psychological stage of grief and anger and it 's perfectly healthy and normal . 
  i think being in favor of war when the explosions are already happening near your home might be too late . 
  in theory . 
  but a company would n't do that , the costs would n't make up the difference . 
  that was true up until this point when migration from the me was practically minimal . 
  who knows what may happen a year from now ? 
  also , the attackers ` born here ' are 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants . 
  not local natives . 
  how much power does estonia 's president realistically have , though ? 
  these were attacks carried out by muslims . 
  draw your conclusions however you want , but importing millions more muslims most certainly wo n't improve the situation . 
  do you honestly believe that a french jihadist coming back from syria would n't be arrested or at least observed by french intelligence ? 
  he snuck into france because he wanted to remain undiscovered . 
  but the intelligence services will probably have an easier time if the figure of unaccounted for aliens is in the dozens and not thousands . 
  first time i see a german praising the luftwaffe . 
  but there 's a gaping difference . 
  the japanese resulted to suicide attacks as a response to american superiority . 
  they believed that by sacrificing their lives , they may aid their war effort . 
  say what you will , but the japanese soldiers who volunteered were soldiers killing other soldiers . 
  meanwhile you have people that kill themselves and their countrymen solely because they ca n't agree on their favorite holy books . 
  a cult of sacrifice has been around since the dawn of time . 
  like every soldier in the front line , it 's no different in theory . 
  what is important is the distinction , whether you are fighting soldiers to aid your nations or whether you are murdering civilians for the sole reason of murdering civilians . 
  the history is obvious , but i 'd argue that modern day spain bears far more resemblance to the colonial empire of old or franco 's regime than the cordoban caliphate . 
  killing soldiers and killing civilians is different though . 
  both are crazy , but the japanese can at least be justified in some way . 
  how is a spaniard 's life affected by islam ? 
  i think he 's saying that the spanish people as an entity were n't affected by islamic beliefs . 
  think middle ages , dying from pneumonia , 40 % birth mortality rates . 
  or think renaissance , the black death , napoleonic wars , genocide of native central and north americans . 
  but sure . 
  all life 's evils are exclusively caused by capitalism . 
  doing kamikaze attacks on american battleships so you may protect your county is a little different from blowing yourself up in crowded buildings so you may live out your after life surrounded by 72 virgins .
