oh come on . 
  sweden 's `` golden age '' was a couple thousand soldiers against an enemy outnumbering them 10:1 but it still took them years to crack the swedes . 
  and in the same war , they conceded territory to the ottomans to stop them from helping the swedish . 
  they were desperately outclassed in the crimean war by small expeditionary forces , and only beat napoleon by virtue of russian winter . 
  russia has always been a second rate stagnant power never a superpower, 
  when has russia ( barring postww2 soviet union days ) been a superpower ? 
  even in 1914 when they were all gun-ho about jumping on the austrians , they got beaten - and badly . 
  even pre ww2 soviet union was n't a superpower by any form of definition . 
  because the city of milan does n't care if the refugees are outside of the city . 
  why should they pay you for that ? 
   russia could have occupied the whole of ukraine if they wanted to . 
  they just do n't see the value in it . 
  it is obvious that west leaders are pussies and would not send military to stop russia 's invasion in ukraine so why not ? 
  the west was pretty antsy about russia taking over crimea . 
  or have you forgotten the couple hundred servicement and military equipment sent to the baltics ? 
  the joint air patrols in the area ? 
  there 's no way in hell nato would just sit around while russia creeped onto its eastern border . 
   also the oil price is not independent of russia 's actions . 
  what are you saying ? 
  that the price of oil dropped due to some russian action ? 
  which and when ? 
   while the chinese economic problems are a lucky coincidence the us did increase its oil production significantly since 2013 ( double ? ), 
  and the iranian deal has an effect too . 
  it 's not a conspiracy . 
  oil prices were the highest they 've ever been in 2013 . 
  why would n't america want to up their production when the prices were already at their peak ? 
  and the price of oil has dropped long before the iranian deal . 
  iran 's embargo has still not yet been lifted , but the prices are already low as is . 
  that list is very skewed . 
  it puts hungary above greece in military ranking , and slovakia just below it and trust me , that 's not a correct statement . 
  looking at the number of vehicles in ownership says nothing of how many of those vehicles are actually operational and how many are still there and have n't been stolen in the meantime . 
  trade is a two way street . 
  cutting `` trade '' with the west is the equivalent of shooting yourself in the foot , then proceeding to tango for 5 hours on dancing with the stars . 
  on the other hand , you have the us who will invade your shit if they dislike you enough . 
  so the nations were justified in disenfranchising a group of people out of fear that they would n't vote in a certain way ? 
   its not about pretending that things dont affect us . 
  its about realizing that we cant safe the world and that every time we tried to `` stabilize '' a nation by invading it we didnt stabilize shit . 
  depends on a case by case basis . 
  you 're immediately thinking of iraq or afghanistan , and all power to you . 
  but these countries were n't exactly the bastion of stability before the us invaded them . 
  that 's a common misconception that the media likes to spin just to throw all that extra bit of guilt at us foreign policy . 
  but there are also positive examples , like the balkan war , or mali ( which is still bad , but far far better than before ) . 
   you cant fail at doing the same thing over and over just because if you somehow manage to do it perfectly it might actually work . 
  well , that 's not true . 
  and there 's a heck of a difference between intervening in neighboring countries , like the us did in panama and doing so across the world for fabricated reasons ( iraq ) . 
  you need to recognize that every case is different , and that just because something worked or did not work before , that it is thus inherently sentenced to succeed or fail in the future . 
   its almost like those migrants dont randomly go to europe for safety , but have some very specific expectations about their host countries . 
  take those away and the migrant stream will dry out . 
  i wish that were the case , but even illegal employment is far more appealing to many refugees than their current situation . 
   i have n't exchanged a single comment with you , you saw what you considered an opening and thought you 'd jump on it . 
  unfortunately for you , that did n't quite work out . 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm such a ruthless vulture . 
  just cannibalizing your completely constructive statements such as ...  i 'd rather third world conflicts affect us like they affect south korea , japan , australia , taiwan and even canada then they 're affecting us now . 
  yes !, 
  i see . 
  somehow , these nations that you mention have no refugee issues in regards to the syrian crisis or in general . 
  after all , we all know about the north korean border guards that smuggle their countrymen into korea day and night . 
  canada and australia 's neighbors are basically failed states run by the mafia and mob rule , yet they maintain their border integrity . 
  and worst of all . 
  taiwan 's and japan 's land borders are among the least guarded ones in the world , yet nobody has crossed them yet . 
  what a mystery ...  the schengen area does not share a land border with africa , unless africans can swim 14 kilometers ( straight of gibraltar ) , border patrols can and should be as effective as in australia . 
  perfect idea !, 
  all we need to do is find a little island in the med where we can dump everyone we catch for processing , like the australians do with nauru . 
  any volunteers ? 
  cyprus ? 
   because those refugees swim to europe , do they ? 
  last time i checked , we 're picking them up and bringing them over . 
  lets stop doing that , for starter . 
  i agree . 
  we should n't pick them up and bring them over . 
  only that 's not what we 're doing . 
  we 're saving them from drowning and then moving them to the nearest home port , which for eu countries happen to be in the eu . 
  shocking . 
   guess why we lack a place to send these people to ? 
  it is because of people like you who push for the status quo and perhaps even open borders , in that sense , you bunch do not differ much from eurosceptics . 
  block solutions to problems , complain about the effects and blame others . 
  check my post history mate . 
  i 'm firmly against the refugee policies that eu made , but empty words about how we have to `` guard the borders ! '', 
  and `` protect the country from terrorism '' are just that . 
  empty words coming from uninformed people . 
  you obviously imagine the solutions as simple , straighforward paths that no politician in the eu thought of , but you could solve it easy . 
   we 're the largest economic bloc in the world , irrelevant . 
   if australia manages to find a place to send its migrants to , so can we . 
  i 'm afraid australia wins the geographical lottery on this one . 
  or do you know of any tiny island countries in the med willing to become one large refugee camp that i do n't ? 
   you imagining that morocco falls into a civil war is just that , imagination . 
  and you miss the point entirely . 
  you think that the spanish are pioneers in migration policy when all they have is an agreement between their government and the moroccan one . 
  the moment morocco does not uphold it , their great system is just a scrap of paper . 
  totally justifiable . 
  nato accepts estonia ? 
  it 's only fair . 
  unless america has a way to intercept all 2500 of russia 's warheads , i think we can still talk about a mutually assured destruction . 
  and even then , the americans would have to be willing to risk it , which i think would be a big big gamble . 
  how ? 
   well , it does sound silly when you pick an example out of a bunch of conflict to make your point , right ? 
  you picked those countries , not i. 
  it 's not my fault they do n't strenghten your argument . 
   furthermore , australia does receive refugees/migrants without prior notice , however they have the intelligence to send them away which is exactly the point of my initial statement .
