  the little entente existed . 
  we had an actual alliance with france and even a quasi guarantee by the soviet union . 
  a better chain of alliances was simply not possible at the time . 
  the internal `` german '' question is bull . 
  `` our '' germans had every right the czechs had , plus a not so insignificant autonomy . 
  when the mark tanked due to hyperinflation , their industries were worse off than czech ones on account of them trading almost exclusively with germany , but that 's hardly our fault . 
  unsure about that . 
  the cs - romanian border was small , hilly and had virtually no infrastructure from either side , so moving an army would have been complicated . 
  but i imagine that romanian fears over the soviets not just moving through romania but occupying it as well while they were there ( not completely unfounded - su made claims on bessarabia previously and communism was the local boogeyman at the time ) would have made it difficult . 
  it was majorly russia actually . 
  prussia and austria simply capitalized on its weakness . 
  also , at the time of the polish partition , prussia was not an imperial hegemon . 
  yeah . 
  but they also invaded others a bunch of other times since it was written too . 
  do n't forget that part as well . 
  when the sudeten germans kicked the czechs out , that was fair and democratic . 
  when they were placed into positions of power and authority in the reichsprotectorate based on their ethnicity , that was fine too . 
  when they and their countrymen waged war on half of europe , it was still within the realm of what 's acceptable . 
  but seizing their property and expelling them after they lost the war on account of all of the above was simply too much to stomach . 
  as it turns out , the germans are the real victims of ww2 . 
  it was hardly an attack . 
  the poles at the time wanted to hold elections in territory that was n't poland ( neither was it czechoslovakia , tbh ) . 
  the czechs could n't have that , since it would make it poland by definition , and they would lose their claim to it . 
  the poles wanted to get easy land by doing political maneuvers , and the czechs were not willing to give an inch . 
  inter war diplomacy was impossible . 
  czechoslovakia had no natural allies , it * could n't have * allies in the region . 
  it had been in conflict over the towns of zalozie with poland since 1919 , hungary was a demilitarized sh * thole that remilitarized with the sole purpose of stealing half of cs 's land , austria never got to even build and army and romania was mostly doing its own thing since the trianon . 
  it had a treaty with mutual assistance with the soviet union , but poland refused them access , so their help was moot . 
  the commonwealth had progressive policies and laws in the sense that jews were n't hated and gays were n't crucified , sure . 
  but as a democracy , the plc failed full stop , as a single noble with a chip on his shoulder could veto every legislative process he wanted . 
  three guesses as to which imperial hegemon bribed these lords to do exactly just that ? 
  and a-h post the 1848 compromise was democratic in the sense that hungarians ruled over their piece of land , as opposed to having to listen to the kaiser . 
  it was n't that great for the slovaks , romanians , croats or serbs living in hungary tho . 
  i do n't believe they can . 
  the eu open skies agreement is a package deal . 
  city + metro to be fair . 
   but they can make all your savings worthless with one stroke of the pen anyways . 
  india afaik only voided banknotes of a certain denomination . 
  are they really ? 
  the government ca n't easily take away your physical money as opposed to simply deleting your savings account - if they for whatever bizzarre reason wanted to - but they can make all your savings worthless with one stroke of the pen anyways . 
  beyond having a real item to hold with your hands , fiat money is fiat money , no matter its form . 
  the statistic mentions water quality , not water contaminants . 
  so you can have a dozen crashed planes on your beach , but as long as they do n't make the water dirty - you 're fine . 
  lakes are easier to warm and have little to no minerals needed for self cleaning . 
  hence bacteria , cyanophyta and algae run rampant . 
  and that 's impossible to clean unless you deploy chemicals . 
  tbh , it 's not like the wallstreet financial sector never got caught re-selling high risk loans as investments , or that they repeatedly denied that fact until even the blind could see the shit they were stirring . 
  but then again , they only caused the worst financial crisis since the 1920s , so it 's understandable that nobody got punished . 
  or bae 's bribes to the saudis for weapon deals . 
  that 's furthering the military-industrial complex , which is an integral part of the us ' existence , so it 's fine . 
  or haliburton 's mess in nigeria . 
  or phillip morris suing west african states to block their attempts at regulating tobacco use . 
  hell , does fucking enron ring any bells ? 
  animals and plants are also naked . 
  i feel cheated now . 
  if your cousin smuggled in a rolling stones lp , you were deemed unsuitable . 
  sounds fair, 
  wear a sing saying ` nejsem cigan ' ( not a gypsy ) and you 'll be fine . 
  you pick one statistic and that 's your argument ? 
  it 's like saying north korea has universal healthcare and therefore is superior to the usa . 
  people were mostly ticked off because the us wanted to file criminal charges against vw executives , but did nothing to wall st. big wigs that undoubtedly caused more harm . 
  google could be sold to the chinese tomorrow , but it would n't change a thing . 
  multinationals like google have zero to do with their country of origin . 
  oh for the love of ... 
  imagine your volkswagen polo having a special filler cap you can only open on volkswagen petrol stations . 
  what, 
  those things cost pennies in the long run , and can be manufactured by anyone with suitable machinery . 
  molding iron and composites is not the expensive high-tech stuff everyone would want to make . 
   google glasses and the self driving car i believe they cancelled both projects . 
  google always announces some ridiculous groundbreaking thing , hype it to the moon and then forget about it 6 months later . 
  but hey , you get a new google doodle , so it 's something \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  a true hackerman wipes his system every week . 
  practically [ a part of germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independent_state_of_croatia ), 
  i commend your enthusiasm , but i was simply remarking on the age old joke of slovakia and slovenia getting forever mixed up . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_slovenia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_slovakia made a bit of an oopsie when mixing up nominal and ppp . 
  the difference is 2,5 x. 
  you 're right . 
  i mixed nominal with ppp . 
  the difference is 2,5 x. 
  poor slovakia and slovenia got swapped again , judging by the size of the ball . 
  slovakia 's gdp should be nearly ~ ~ 4 ~ ~ 2 * times that of slovenia . 
  or a dragon mid-flight . 
  kinda cool tbh, 
  if you were making me money and i decided that teaching you how to do said work and providing you accomodation is sufficient payment , would you look at it the same way ? 
  they are given degrees in ridiculous fields , like gender or racial studies . 
  these degrees have 0 application in the real world . 
  they are obligated to attend football practice on threat of being expulsed from school . 
  they are trained to exhaustion weeks on end to the detriment of their social lives and education . 
  if an athlete somehow attends a viable course , you can bet your ass he will flunk it simply by not having enough time or energy to study . 
  should an unlucky athlete get injured , and thus have his athletic abilities hampered in * any way * ( not only if he ca n't play football anymore , but even if he 's suddenly slower , weaker , more fragile ) - then tough shit . 
  he 's lost his scholarship and any and all healthcare expenses are on him . 
  they do all of this without compensation . 
  i believe there was a story somewhere about an athlete being dragged in front of a disciplinary committee for accepting a sandwich off a subway vendor for free . 
  seriously , these kids , because 18 year olds are not adults often come from low income families that can not afford to put their kids through college . 
  they get scholarships , sure , but they make the school a hundred times more money than the school `` generously donates '' to their education . 
  then , as if this shit was n't bad enough , they work them to exhaustion - not allowing them any time for studying or working part time . 
  and remember , these are low income kids , them going hungry because the school lunch was n't enough to sate them during the day is not as uncommon as it may seem . 
  and it 's not like many of them will go pro . 
  only a fraction ( literally , like 5 % ) of those that are lucky and do n't get injured get drafted by nfl teams . 
  those that do n't are left with fond memories , head trauma and a degree in racial studies .
