  this is n't the 1500s when you can decide if you want to pay your loans back or not . 
    if you think german politicians would sacrifice the comfort of their own citizens for the betterment of the greeks , spaniards or others ( especially if the public opinion is heavily against doing so ) - then you are naive . 
   that 's the problem . 
  short sight . 
  most people ca n't see farther than their backyard . 
  germany 's economy is heavily dependant on exports , specially to their eurozone partners . 
  germany is helping herself by helping other countries . 
  by helping other countries , germany is solving imigration issues and boosting exports ; the opposite is also true . 
  besides , stability . 
  economic issues create unstable situations and `` no country '' benefits from its neighbors being unstable . . 
  if germany has to pay greece so that greece can buy german stuff , then that 's the definition of a faulty policy . 
    it can and has to be both . 
  politicians need to be taught that sacrificing the country 's long-term prosperity for small short-term gains , just so they can increase their popularity is a toxic idea and they need to know that they will be held accountable for it . 
   then why are the greek people being held accountable for it , instead of said politicians ? 
  how i love this argument . 
  because the money has to be paid back and unless you find a politician with a couple hundred billion euros on his checking account , then it 's the taxpayer who will get shafted . 
    you ca n't expect the germans to fix greece - greece has to fix greece and to do that it needs to do a 180 and reform its tax and social systems to the point when they are sustainable . 
   and by punishing greece , are we helping greece help herself ? 
  punishing greece ? 
  is asking the greeks to be able to sustain themselves financially a punishment ? 
  or asking them to repay the money they borrowed ? 
  is my bank punishing me when i pay them my mortgage payments ? 
  oh the cruel and unusual punishment !, 
    the eu is not at fault for the situation in greece - the greeks are . 
  what the eu did was not watch them enough , but greece is not a 4 year old kid playing in a sandbox and should have known better . 
   and by punishing the greeks you are expecting to make them more responsible ? 
  the last time someone punished another nation financially through austerity , they became so responsible they turned to nazism and started to kill jews . 
  greece was n't defeated in a war . 
  the money they received was used to pay for generous welfare that benefitted its citizens . 
  do n't compare apples and oranges . 
  okay . 
  i 'm on my phone now , so bear with me and pardon any potential autocorrect  that 's an implicit acknowledgement that the rules are essentially meaningless . 
  it also thwarts the earlier appeal to the rules as justification . 
  that 's eu 's lack of authority at fault . 
  individual members wo n't hesitate to cut corners if they see their neighbors getting off scott - free . 
  i agree that rules need to be followed , but how is it germany 's fault  citing the ` champions of austerity ' is an appeal to the implicit assumptions that underpin the austerity idea . 
  requiring countries to ` suffer to succeed ' , in fact , reflects the values of the system that demands it . 
  if before your social benefits exceeded your ability to pay for them and/or your tax revenue did n't sufficiently cover your expenses , then changes must be made . 
  there 's no third option that magically conjures money for everything we ca n't afford . 
   by this i mean there are two clear principles : a ) when it comes to recklessness , lenders are not responsible , and b ) taxpayers of a nation can be held responsible for what private entities in an economy do . 
  and c ) the borrower is absolved of responsibility ? 
  countries finance things through taxes and if we mean to hold a nation financially responsible for something , we are directly harming the people living there , there can be no way around it . 
   without either of these , the eu would not have adopted the approach it took to solving the problems exposed by the financial crisis . 
  it would have taken an entirely different approach that would n't have included more loans . 
  sinking the euro was not a valid approach . 
  and if greece thinks that its okay for 10 other countries to suffer because they messed up then they are being unfair . 
   okay , so this my point . 
  it 's might makes right . 
  plus , it 's also ` everyone for themselves ' . 
  if the best conceptualisation of the problem and the solution at an eu level is akin to ` why should germans suffer for italians ' , then the idea of the eu itself and it 's institutions is itself a failure . 
  it goes back to eu 's lack of authority . 
  like it or not , but germans produce value and operate within the confines of their options . 
  greece meanwhile run a toxic and corrupt social system , where you collected pensions for your dead relatives and had a tax fraud problem the size of san marino , but when the responsible parts of the union ask them to pay up their fair share , such requests are deemed unreasonable ? 
    politicians need to be taught that sacrificing the country 's long-term prosperity for small short-term gains , just so they can increase their popularity is a toxic idea and they need to know that they will be held accountable for it . 
   this is the entire mandate of the markets themselves . 
  most of the time , in fact , market institutions do n't even care about the long term stability of themselves !, 
  it 's hilarious that you single politicians out for this but overlook where it is happening the most horrendously . 
  market institutions are private companies for the most part , and i disagree with bailout programs , but in the end , they have no responsibility towards eu citizens unlike our elected figures . 
  our politicians should be the ones pressuring banks into reasonable and sustainable investment programs . 
  expecting the banks to regulate themselves is folly . 
   nobody out there cares about future sustainability or prosperity . 
  if the people in power , both public and private , had cared about the future , there would not have been a global financial crisis in the first place . 
  which is why they need to be held accountable . 
  public or private . 
   and worse , when trying to solve the problem that did happen -- why is it okay to try and teach political leaders and national taxpayers a lesson , but not the markets ? 
  no , political considerations are the * only * considerations . 
  you want to teach a lesson , but not to the people who need it most . 
  and why ? 
  because of political ( in the sense of markets ) values . 
  the bailouts should n't have happened the way they did , but absolving everyone of responsibility is the wrong move here . 
    you ca n't expect the germans to fix greece  i do n't . 
    greece has to fix greece and to do that it needs to do a 180 and reform its tax and social systems to the point when they are sustainable . 
   what makes you think that the germans know how to fix greece ? 
  or that anything that works in germany ( or a german model ) will work in greece ? 
  i did n't say they know how to fix greece . 
  i said that greece has to fix greece . 
   i think what you really believe ( alongside many others ) is : if greece immediately cloned the entire legal , economic , and fiscal model of germany that the structural problems would be solved . 
  it would then start heading toward growth , and it would eventually be stable and able to pay off its debts . 
  if by ` german model ' you mean sustainable growth policies and efficient tax collection then yes . 
   but would germany have been able to do this itself without the debt relief it got in 1953 ? 
  would greece be able to do this without the german industrial base ? 
  or with ownership of companies in the greek economy transferring the profits abroad ? 
  or after the near total destruction of wealth in the greek population , contraction of gdp , and continuing deflationary cycle ? 
  4 years into the austerity measures , the greek people elected a communist who repealed most of them and promoted a rich ( read unaffordable ) social system . 
  if greece shows that it is responsible enough to fix its past mistakes , then i 'm for a partial debt relief . 
  but erasing their debt just so they can sink the ez even further is a bad idea . 
   it 's almost like these economies and markets are incomparable . 
  they are . 
  i agree . 
  but greece and germany are not the world 's only countries , nor is germany the only country not crashing and burning under irresponsible fiscal policies . 
    you do realize that every creditor of the bail-out fund needed to agree with greece 's austerity measures before giving them out another loan ( back when varoufakis resigned ) - even cyprus and malta ? 
   actually , no they did n't . 
  iirc the deal could have been passed with the 85 % threshold reached , which is set by weighted voting rights . 
  and in any case , the record clearly shows nobody except maybe the french goes against the germans when they decide something . 
  even if malta or cyprus disagreed with the germans and supported the greeks , do you think they 'd be willing to stick their necks out and suffer for it ? 
  iirc france and germany were willing to reduce the debt . 
  finland , slovakia and the netherlands vetoed it . 
  so yes , many nations are willing to go against the tide . 
   not at all the point . 
  the eu was responsible to think up and offer a solution to greece that would work .
