  the eu responsibility is to greece like it is to all eu member states . 
  i would like to say that this means that any problem in a member state is viewed in such a way as to look to see what solutions are most appropriate to restore it as fast as possible . 
  yes the point . 
  it was n't a shocker that greece was falling nose down , but none of greek officials did anything about it because austerity would have been unpopular . 
  this is n't a sudden problem . 
  greece 's crash was a systematic maintenance of unaffordable and self destructive policies . 
  eu should have stopped it before it got to this point , perhaps you 're right , but it 's the greeks who were behind the wheel all this time . 
   for greece , that would clearly be debt relief . 
  i 'm not even arguing against the ` reform ' in this instance , though i disagree with it . 
  failure to push debt relief is itself enough . 
  nothing will work without debt relief . 
  see above . 
   but in this case , as things stand in the eu in fact , helping greece means hurting germany , or any other nation who has loaned money to greece . 
  so there are in fact , competing interests . 
  so what the eu offers is a solution that fails to solve the problem in greece in a real way because it is constrained by the self-interests of the parties deciding what form it should take . 
  helping greece is fine , but bailing out greece without any repercussions ( even against the tax payers ) would be ez 's suicide , when italy , portugal , spain and ireland are in similar situations . 
   but at the same time , however , nobody except schauble it seems , was willing to simply pull the plug immediately and force greece out . 
  so what we got are more loans , on top of previous loans , to a state who can not realistically ever repay them . 
  what we got was a signal that the eurozone does n't crumble before every little problem and in 2011 ( or was it 10 ? ) . 
  it was n't just the greeks . 
  it was italy , spain and others , but you think that if greece was allowed to go under , that confidence in the european market would have stayed the same ? 
   you default to a meme ? 
  it 's my go to for many situations . 
   do you really think politicians , executives , and other leaders are without ideology ? 
  do you think the ideologies in which they believe have no impact on what decisions they take , and which they do n't ? 
  it 's almost like you think there is no more ideology at play any more ... which is hilarious . 
  as zizek correctly noted , it 's just purified . 
  to the point that to those who hold it , it appears to be transparent . 
  i think ideology is one thing , but doing x does not mean you agree with the most extreme spectrum of said ideology . 
  for instance , if you agree with a social safety net for the needy does not mean you 're against pro-business policies . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
   if you could n't see that , then you are yourself naive . 
  i could n't . 
  perhaps i am . 
  does n't work like that . 
  you ca n't have 10 million people politically persecuted . 
  that 's civil war and they have the right to seek * refuge * , but they are ** not targeted for their ideological , religious , political or social beliefs ** - thus they are not being persecuted in their country , and do not qualify for asylum . 
   yeah that 's fine that 'll come up in the processing stage as their asylum applications are done . 
  it 's not fine . 
  they keep coming by the thousands , the system has no organization and the backlog is massive . 
  it can take years before their applications are processed , and when you start rejecting those applicants , they wo n't leave and those who are yet to be rejected will simply hide somewhere . 
  `` rejecting '' them is simple , but getting them out of the country is not . 
  that 's why only people from camps in turkey , syria or lebanon should be considered for refugee status . 
  it will cut down on smuggling , completely stop non-syrians from coming en masse , they will be properly registered , accounted for and we can make sure that we have the capacity to handle every person who comes here . 
  this situation now is just a massive clusterfuck . 
   or more precisely the balance of power . 
  in other words , not a democratic union of equals , but instead a union of ` might makes right ' nominally held together by proportionally unenforceable rules . 
  you say that germany/france are getting special treatment , but rules are being ignored in most ez economies and countries are n't getting sanctioned . 
  this has more to do with the lack of eu 's authority - basically if we can break the rule unpunished , we will . 
   just yesterday the ecb released a document that showed how the financial crisis and the response to it punished these countries at the expense of others , name germany and the netherlands . 
  another document showed that ireland suffered worse than any others . 
  have n't read the document , but it 's understandable that if social benefits get cut and taxes raised , the native population will suffer . 
  i do n't think anyone expected the austerity measures to make life for citizens more comfortable . 
   at the expense of others . 
  protecting german balance of trade and fiscal interests , alongside other ` creditor ' nations is what is maintaining and exacerbating the current structural imbalance . 
  if german banks loaned out to the nations , it 's understandable that germany wants those investments returned and if it can push its political weight around to accomplish that - it will . 
  if you think german politicians would sacrifice the comfort of their own citizens for the betterment of the greeks , spaniards or others ( especially if the public opinion is heavily against doing so ) - then you are naive . 
   but that 's political . 
  an approach to solve it falls foul of political considerations . 
  the problem can be approached as an economic issue , or it can be approached from a moral/ethical perspective ( sin must be punished ) . 
  but not both . 
  it can and has to be both . 
  politicians need to be taught that sacrificing the country 's long-term prosperity for small short-term gains , just so they can increase their popularity is a toxic idea and they need to know that they will be held accountable for it . 
   i 'm not sure i blamed it on the ecb . 
  my actual opinion is that greece has it 's own proprietary set of problems . 
  but , more importantly , the state of greece now is instead a reflection of the overall state of the ez economy itself . 
  greece just illustrates how , where , and why things are broken . 
  and failure to fix it ( or a ` solution ' that wo n't ) just shows everyone a more real picture of the priorities of the eu . 
  you ca n't expect the germans to fix greece - greece has to fix greece and to do that it needs to do a 180 and reform its tax and social systems to the point when they are sustainable . 
   and that is nothing more than ` everyone for themselves ' , where those with power seek to maintain it , and those without it are at their whim . 
  you do realize that every creditor of the bail-out fund needed to agree with greece 's austerity measures before giving them out another loan ( back when varoufakis resigned ) - even cyprus and malta ? 
   one last point -- even if the eu were completely not at fault for the situation in greece , it is somewhat responsible for offering solutions that are ineffective , and for putting price tags on them that are self-destructive . 
  the eu is not at fault for the situation in greece - the greeks are . 
  what the eu did was not watch them enough , but greece is not a 4 year old kid playing in a sandbox and should have known better . 
   but all of that comes down to politics -- more specifically , the ideologies of those with power and what they will accept . 
  i ca n't even ... what ? 
  then they should n't receive political asylum in the first place . 
  they are n't being persecuted in their own country . 
   honestly i 've really not seen evidence of this being widespread . 
  i 'm sure there 's morons everywhere but most of them just seem to want to work and do their own thing like they did in their own countries , and as it is while in processing you 're only allowed to sit around , not to work or to integrate or learn the local language or anything useful that would allow them to `` pay their way '' as you 're saying when asians come . 
  there is no work to be had . 
  if you do not speak the local language , or at least fluent enough english , you are out of luck as far as most employers are considered . 
  combine that with their relatively low levels of education , and most of these people become damn near unemployable . 
  screaming `` give them work '' is easy , but actually finding them any meaningful employment is not . 
   there 's a war , not an unemployment crisis . 
  that 's why the syrians are here . 
  it 's not quite the same motivation . 
  do n't disagree there 's chancers and pisstakers mixed in but i do n't think we should be jaded and just assume everyones taking the piss . 
  but you misunderstand . 
  by all means , help the syrians - * to the best of our abilities * - but why are the afghanis , the albanians , the pakistanis here too ? 
  they have no business seeking refuge from war . 
  the euro is great for promoting investment in small healthy economies , as the currency is backed by large , stable economies ( france , germany ) and the investor does not need to fear devaluation if the country goes down under . 
  but euro wo n't help you if you have a declining economy with no investment value - which is , unfortunately , greece 's case . 
  on the one hand , greece was accepted into the ez to promote the project , but on the other hand , you ca n't not hold the greeks accountable for what they did . 
  the ecb should have been more strict on the greeks - perhaps , but that does n't mean what they did was right and that they should be absolved of the consequences . 
  italy , spain and ireland survived the austerity measures , other ez countries managed to maintain healthy economies , so it 's not ecb 's fault that greece is in deep poo . 
   that 's pretty funny you said it 's not sociopathy and then pretty much directly paraphrased stalin not sure if that was intentional or not . 
  it was intentional . 
  glad you noticed . 
  though i was n't talking about casualties , but our options within the scope of reality .
