  op literally wrote `` avar origin '', 
  sssshhh !, 
  unknown origins !, 
  a nice little propaganda piece . 
  only nobody outside czech rep. and slovakia will buy the albatros . 
  every country has its own trainer . 
  spain , france , italy , u.k , germany , russia , ukraine ... ... there really is no shortage of trainer planes . 
  at best we 'll end up selling a dozen to some african warlord . 
  yay !, 
  honestly , a government run company cares zilch if everyone just hacks their way to free tickets . 
  but making them look bad in the eyes of the voter , now that 's a paddlin ', 
  literally anything as i 've found . 
  i 've bought a set of garden seating in a german metro for my mother , then she wanted one more chair so we bought that separately here ( mind you , it was all sold separately as well ) . 
  the cushion on the czech chair faded by the third month , the german ones hold color until this day . 
  this is honestly mind blowing to me . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  journalism is meant to inform people , not to promote discussion ; if that means that a journalist takes a leap in concluding the most likely scenario , then that 's that . 
  climate change deniars , anti-vaxxers and pro-government hacks should n't be given the same space in discussion if they have no factual evidence to back their claims . 
  and yes , that includes that if the government ( pis , trump , whatever ) proposes a law that on paper looks fair and reasonable , a journalist should be able to point out the flaws and history of the ruling party and make guesses as to the most likely outcome of said law . 
  so for example , pis appointing government stooges or trump putting climate change denialists in charge of the epa . 
  just create a new union without poland . 
  we 'll call it eu 2.0 !, 
  cheap labour benefits the locals as well . 
  one person gets fired , while two people get to buy cheaper stuff . 
  unfortunately , the benefits are often overlooked since they are more spread out , while unemployment hits hard and directly . 
   but there 's something wrong when either men or women are look down on for choosing certain careers i mean , sure , i get your point , but men and women get looked down upon for anything - religion , race , sexual orientation , nationality , familial background , etc. 
  a true french walt disney . 
  only instead of jews , it 's muslims . 
  well , i 've read the book a couple years past , but the plot goes on like this : ** spoilers ** 1 . 
  an oil refinery in armenia ( i think ? ), 
  gets blown up by a chechen or abkhazian radical . 
  as it turns out , the refinery was super duper important . 
  the soviet union is now running on reserves , and they wo n't last for long . 
  the politburo , instead of turning to the west , fearing in their paranoia that nato will invade them once they know the truth , concoct a complicated plan , where they cause a skirmish somewhere in western germany , cause nato to panic and seize the iranian oil field while they are distracted . 
  so to allow for this , they start rationing oil and other supplies needed for war . 
  ironically , the americans discover their preparations because the soviets `` liberalise '' their agricultural policies as a direct consequence of the rationing . 
  nato starts making preparations of their own , but the soviets are in full swing now . 
  some time before the war is to begin , they actually start believing that they can win it , and seize europe . 
  hence war breaks out because the soviets were too paranoid and proud to ask for help . 
  the book ends when one of the chairmen ( i think he presided over agriculture , but does n't matter ) of politburo launches a putch , and with american help assasinates the others . 
  the end of the book is a conversation between said person and one of the american characters , where the american says that they `` would have helped , even if they asked for something unpleasant in return '' or something rather . 
  that was the impetus , but the main idea was that the party was too proud and afraid to admit to weakness and buy oil from the west . 
  it 's even summed up in the last few chapters , with the americans saying that they would have helped , had they asked . 
  it actually happens because the russians were afraid to admit that they could n't meet their oil needs , so they sparked a conventional war in europe to seize iran 's oil fields . 
  srsly , read the book . 
   idk why czechoslovakia conquered zaolsie in the first place well , mostly because of this . 
  zalozie was claimed by both poland and cs . 
  by cs on account of it being de-jure part of the kingdom of bohemia , which we claimed in entirety and by poland since the population was majorly ( but not overly so ) polish * speaking * - note : polish speaking does not mean polish . 
  so it 's very unfair to say we `` conquered '' zalozie when we did n't at all . 
  czechs at the time viewed polish maneuvers to annex zalozie for themselves as a hostile move . 
  and , tbh , the entente did try to mediate the conflict , and in the end split the land . 
   exactly , that 's the point . 
  concession to poland in exchange for the defense pact would be better than keeping it for 20 years and falling without allies the conflict erupted in 1919 - germany was not a threat until 1933 , arguably not even until 1936 or 37 . 
  by 1936 we have irreparably damaged our relations with poland by screwing each other at every possible opportunity . 
  plus , why would you presume that if france and britain refused to help us in munich , poland of all people would send its men to fight against a resurgent germany ? 
  this is not a dig at poland , only a mad man would enter such a conflict . 
  that , plus the whole `` little war '' with slovakia . 
  hitler hardly forced you to invade his ally . 
  many things were possible , and many of them were achieved . 
  in the end though , we were in the unenviable position of being targeted by all our neighbors , separated from our allies . 
  well , the reasons were clear cut to be honest . 
  czechslovakia and poland had clashes over zalozie . 
  we even later went to a quasi war over it . 
  the soviets were if not friends , then at least friendly with us . 
  hungarians * just now * lost a war to us , were still halfheartedly claiming a third of our land , so there was no chance in hell we would allow their armed forces access . 
  you had the danzig corridor , so there was no need for french supplies to pass through us . 
  seafaring was already discovered back then . 
  it 's not hypocrisy . 
  it 's realpolitik . 
  the territory was n't poland . 
  it was held in stasis until the entente decided what to do with it , since we had both laid claims to it . 
  now there were three ways we could have responded . 
  stay silent . 
  allow poland to hold elections on what * was n't poland * and pro-forma cede the territory to poland without a fight , thus ruining our claims to the old kingdom of bohemia which opens another can of worms . 
  lodge a formal protest with the entente . 
  they would likely reprimand poland , but it was possible that they would simply cede it to poland as well , since the poles would claim that the population is polish given they voted in their elections . 
  take it back by force and restore the status-quo , with luck even take it back definitively . 
  yeah , that 's fair . 
  we had friendly relations with the soviets at the time , so we did what was probably politically expedient and i do n't honestly have no stake in the polish decision , so i wo n't begrudge either . 
  there 's no point in opening old war wounds 60 years after the conflict ended . 
  i was simply making a silly comment from my removed position as an observer on how history might have been different . 
  oh i 'm sorry , were we having a discussion ? 
  i only thought you were trying to vent on how the unfair nazi czechs punished the innocent german minority at the end of the minor skirmish that was ww2 . 
  i mean , a true democracy would let the germans keep the homes that they previously took from the czechs * they * expulsed . 
  and a population that just went through a traumatic conflict - arguably the czechs did not have it * that bad * during ww2 but still - should just forgive and forget . 
  begrudging the bene\u0161 decrees is one thing , but implying that their were an example of authoritarian overreach bordering on civil terror is just plain nonsense . 
  should the germans have been expulsed ? 
  i , on my comfy office chair , removed from said event by over 60 years am willing to concede that probably not . 
  but a reasonable person should look at the context of the decision * at the time * and come to the conclusion that , no , the sudeten germans were not unduly punished . 
  a sensible solution was not possible . 
  the towns were a part of czechoslovakia . 
  poland wanted them . 
  czechoslovakia would n't surrender them . 
  end of discussion . 
  the zalozie conflict was already mediated by the entente when it broke out , and poland was n't satisfied . 
  but even then , poland would not have defended us against the germans . 
  to be fair to them , neither would i in their place . 
  the small war with hungary was when the hungarian communist council wanted to reannex slovakia as felv\u00eddek and were stopped by newly formed czechoslovak legions . 
  how would you strike a compromise there ? 
  the mystic belief in france was not mystic at all .
