  yeah , but so do we . 
  the baltics are cut off from any major army . 
  i sure hope so . 
  can you imagine ?!, 
  cyclists !, 
  * shivers *, 
  isolated islands kept around for amusement . 
  like petting zoos or reptile exhibitions . 
   i 'd say that the city has a rugged charm . 
  so does damascus . 
   yeah but other people would build houses to meet this demand . 
  remember the 2009 housing bubble ? 
  blocks are built when prices are very very high , though the intent behind this is not to lower these prices , but to milk them . 
  in any case apt . 
  blocks take 5 years to build , give or take a year , and are a very final investment . 
  a shoe factory can change the shoes it makes and export to different markets based on demand . 
  a two bedroom apartment in downtown dublin will forever be a two bedroom apartment in downtown dublin . 
   however more importantly why do you assume the landlord did n't have high prices before when there were tenant rights ? 
  do you wish to tell me , with a straight face , that ireland in 1973 , when it was the * poorest country in europe * , or even in 1990s , when it was the * poorest in eu * had the ~ ~ fourth ~ ~ second highest tenant prices ? 
  the conclusion here is self explanatory . 
  naturally , looking at worker 's rights from the perspective of capital owners , they are bad . 
  they reduce potential productivity , increase costs , lower reliablity and block flexibility when you think about it in general . 
  but !, 
  and this is an important but , the capital owners are a very very small portion of the economy . 
  though they may wield considerable influence , their numbers are for all intents and purposes insignificant . 
  the working class is far far larger , thus any benefits towards them have a much larger impact . 
  and the same goes in reverse , detriments to the working class affect the whole country on a larger and more severe scale than a tax break for entrepreneurs . 
  not really . 
  an absence of rent controls and tenant rights do the * exact * opposite . 
  if demand is high and regulation is low , all you need to do is create an environment where exorbitant rent is the norm and you 're set . 
  if * everyone * is charging a lot of money for rent , then any new owners will charge the same . 
  why would they rent for less when demand is high and willingness is there ? 
  would you rent to someone for a fraction of your possible income ? 
  you 're reight . 
  gloomyness and desolation are ireland 's two largest exports , after all . 
  berlin , as far as capital cities go , is pretty gloomy and desolate . 
  fifty years of communism preceded by being bombed to shit tends to do that . 
  why would they ? 
  did no woker 's rights increase wages ? 
  to russia , the absence of russian soldiers on the other side of the border could be an indication of a substantial enemy presence , sure . 
  but in a broader context , it 's bullshit . 
  nope . 
  he 's staunchly center right . 
  right wing parties are more `` extremist '' in nature , like the old sns and kotleba & co. 
  how is he right wing in any capacity ? 
  because meps and politicians in general are never influenced by outside sources to go against the general wishes and opinions of their constituents , right ? 
   accuse anyone not participating in the witch hunt to be a witch that implies an already ongoing witch hunt though , so why the need to start one ? 
  slovak meps are n't right wingers at all . 
  centre wings mostly with a dash of hard liberals , but the right has absolutely 0 meps from slovakia . 
  where are you from ? 
  sounds like an ungodly place . 
  there were plenty of homeless under the reds . 
  at least in czechoslovakia , there were a dozen for each finger . 
  naturally , they were n't `` officially seen '' or talked about , but they existed in numbers . 
  oh , you mean tracking based on female ancestry . 
  the context of the conversation impled male tracking , which to me made no sense . 
  luckily for me , outside us high schools absolutely nobody uses farenheit in chemistry . 
  addendum : just tried it . 
  ( 200 - 30 ) / 2 = 85 , while according to google , it 's 93 or thereabouts . 
  i guess it 's enough to tell if something is hot or cold , but an 8 dg difference is far too innacurate a method . 
   viktor yanukovich won the presidential election , that did n't save him . 
  and there 's plenty of evidence to suggest that akp has been fiddling with the electoral ballot . 
  as long as people are not willing to do anything about it , then it hardly matters , does n't it ? 
   yes , we 're not been great at offering an alternative and it 's jaded our image . 
  but that does n't have to be the future . 
  the cyprus talks actually come at a great time for example , by unifying with the turkish side . 
  it 's future success or failure will likely determine our perception in turkey as a source of prosperity and legitimize us again as a viable direction . 
  you mean the talks where the cypriots ( admittedly the turkish ones ) want to join roc , and turkey refuses to let them without concessions ? 
   again , that was then , that does not have to be us in the future . 
  our failure is clear , but we can still change . 
  i 'm sure if we super duper pinkie promise that this time we 'll totes be more supporitve , a turk or ten might fall for it . 
   that lack of diametric ideological opposition might actually make it easier rather than harder to create the sort of social dynamic during the fall . 
  without a `` mortal enemy '' rethoric the leadership has less ability to justify crackdowns and increased security . 
  the army also has less reason to back him . 
  without a mortal enemy/opposing ideology , there is no political movement to topple the current regime . 
  the lines are too blurred for it to be straightforward . 
   we certainly did . 
  in 1981 when we joined we had the same gdp per capita as western germany , and were overall on the `` economic miracle '' bandwagon . 
  greece was n't always like it 's been in the past 10 years . 
  you 're dellusional . 
  western germany in the 1980s was the fourth to sixth largest world economy , [ while the greek downward spiral ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#economic_statistics ) has already begun . 
  but certainly , greece was such an economical powerhouse , its debt to gdp ratio jumped from 21 to 68 % in just 10 years . 
  truly a greek miracle . 
   speaking about politics not economics ... 
  i wonder how a bunch of broke former communist countries got their way in ... hmmm i wonder . 
  by reforming monetary systems , bailing out the banks and tightening our belts . 
  unlike greece , the eastern europeans had to endure minimal wages , low comfort and the loss of savings to get where they are now , keeping in mind that `` now '' is still not that great . 
  the broke communist countries had to dig themselves out . 
  perhaps greece could try doing the same . 
   you 're right of course . 
  but you 're missing that there more to turkey than erdogan , and how much leverage we can build there . 
  basically , i 'm suggest recreating a `` fall of communism '' style situation , or a `` maidan '' style situation , or even a `` death of franco '' situation . 
  yet the majority of the turks support him , and if not support him , then at least remain apathetic to his policies . 
  the `` prospective '' eu membership carrot has simply been hanging for too long , and even the simplest of turks now likely realize that it is not coming . 
  whether they allude that fact to european islamophobia or the fact that turkish politics and eu politics are simply incompatible does n't matter . 
  the turks are more likely to believe in the tooth fairy than an eu membership . 
   we can do this by leveraging domestic good will , and economic need . 
  maidan has pointed out we can do this without trying . 
  if we can also interest businessmen and lower-rank politicians to the benefits of continue eu-approach vector we might not even get the blowback we got in ukraine from their right . 
  ukraine is exactly the reason nothing like a maidan will happen ever again .
