  great argument !, 
  let 's bring back serfdom people !, 
  back to tradition and roots !, 
  slavery !, 
  let 's live in houses made of clay and build pyramids every time our emperor dies . 
  praise zeus !, 
  i cry for your plight . 
  owning an item designed to maim and injure should be the fundamental right of every european . 
  on the one hand , we have trucks and vehicles whose primary purpose is to transport goods and people from point a to point b. 
  they are an integral part of our lives , so much so that removing them would collapse society outright . 
  on the other hand are semi automatic guns with magazines of over 20 rounds . 
  their purpose is to dispense oval shaped lead at high velocities for the purpose of penetrating flesh . 
  only a small minority of the populace in europe has ever held a gun , even less of them fired one and an even smaller portion comes into contact with them regularily . 
  i can totally see how these two things are equal . 
  i feel your pain . 
  now you can only have smaller magazines which are totally unsuitable for sports . 
  if you ca n't shoot more than 19 rounds at a time , well what 's the point then ? 
  ... for the love of ... read the nonsense you sprout . 
  jesus christ i had no idea texas and switzerland were the same country . 
  i 'm sure the west was at fault and not the fact that we went from active 300,000 soldiers to 40,000, 
   how ? 
  the us and uk are both doing fine as countries and the fptp system has resulted in some remarkably stable governments compared to say italy or france . 
  fptp leads to a two party system that in the end turns into a conservative - liberal slugfest . 
  if you have mixed opinions on policy - tough shit . 
   how ? 
  that is n't obvious at all and that 's not how democracy works , your government does n't need to make all sides happy . 
  the majority of voters voted for brexit , the government entrusted to represent those people then decided it was in the best interest of the country to go for a hard brexit . 
  there is n't a need to make sure everyone is heard just to go with what the majority wants . 
  the `` majority '' of voters that wanted brexit was just above 51 % . 
  of those , many preferred various models , ranging from the norwegian eea agreement , to a soft-brexit with a unique free trade agreement , to a hard `` fuck everyone , albion rises '' brexit . 
  if at least 2 % of leave voters wanted something other than a hard brexit , then it 's no longer a majority . 
   no that is democratic , everyone votes and then proceeds in the direction the majority voted for , the democratic part is that everyone got a chance to vote . 
  it 's not . 
  how is it democratic that if 80 % of a county does not want a conservative candidate , he wins anyways because he was the most voted for ? 
  honestly . 
  a system where you can win 100 % of the parliament with just 20 % of public support is not a representative democracy . 
  but you get much much less in retirement money . 
  what 's a god to a nonbeliever ? 
  as far as i recall , there were close to 100 or 200 thousand people protesting all over the country not that many years ago and nothing changed . 
  no politician stepped down , got investigated or anything really . 
  regulation is important . 
  at least in the czech republic we have an anti-monopoly agency that would n't allow a merger between two competing companies , nor would it likely ignore an obvious cabal between the two . 
  you also can end up being paid on commision , regardless of time spent . 
  injuries on the job are your own responsibility as opposed to your employer 's , you get no paid vacation days or holidays , you have to do your own taxes or hire an accouting firm to do them for you , which opens you to all sorts of liabilities and potential traps . 
  self employment is good for the skilled and demanded , but those that de facto work for a company , have to report to their place of work at a set time or risk contract termination plus a hundred of other terms and conditions do not benefit at all . 
   in the developed world . 
  savage . 
  but i 've never heard of landlords examining your employment status , and definitely not your contract . 
  are n't contracts supposed to be like super duper hush hush private things ? 
  and how do students ever manage to rent a condo in nl ? 
  why must i prove you wrong , yet you need n't provide anything to back up your original claims ? 
  very well . 
  a train ticket on the route prague - olomouc in bohemia cost in 2007 around 350k\u010d ( ~ 17 euro ) . 
  the train was an old-ish ( this is a premium track , so it was the newest available but in reality quite old all the same ) electric locomotive and it took you about 3hrs to get there ( delays were long and common ) . 
  since the monopoly was dropped and other companies were allowed to compete , on that same track today , i can ride in an air-conditioned car with wifi and a steward for as little as 160k\u010d ( ~ 8 euro ) . 
  coincidentally , the trip will take 2hrs 15 mins . 
  furthermore , if i today take the state company czech railways , i pay 219k\u010d . 
  a lot less than before , but still more than a private business . 
  let me know how that works out . 
  i know . 
  i fortunately managed to correct your previous assumption , in which you have been so heavily entrenched . 
  after all , you yourself have looked at * every metro rail service that 's been privatized * and concluded that * how many have reduced the prices and increased the quality of the service * was 0 . 
  you 're welcome . 
   private enterprises are not usually interested in running trains at a loss naturally . 
  so you do what every country does - subsidize low income but high importance rail connections , but allow everyone to compete . 
   buses are also up for privatisation band buses can a ) drive anywhere where 's a road b ) be bought by anyone for cheaps . 
  you ca n't say that trains and buses are the same thing , when the former requires a multi-million euro upfront investment . 
   how it 's the poor who pay the crisis while the rich get free money ohmygosh . 
  who here is saying that all you need to do to fix the budget is cut the railway company ? 
  install a progressive tax for all i care . 
   and public property sold at a loss . 
  if a public property is generating loss , then what 's the point in maintaining it ? 
  besides the obvious like parks , monuments , etcetera , just allow private companies to compete . 
  at worst you 'll pay the exact same you 've paid before , but in most cases you 're likely to end up saving money . 
  i 'd rather be a 300 $ whore with expensive clothes and jewelery than a 3 $ whore sucking dingus behind the public lavatory . 
  but if you do n't differentiate between them then hey , all power to you dude . 
  i know of at least three off the top of my head . 
  and i do n't use trains , like , at all , so i 'm sure there 's bound to be more . 
   public company ... privatized pick one . 
  but no . 
  selling your state run monopoly while simultaneously loosening restrictions on business does not increase cost . 
  had that been the case , eastern europe with all of its sold state companies that had monopolies ( by virtue of communism ) would be the most expensive market in europe . 
  naturally . 
  because `` travelnewyork.com '' can * technically * be a serbian website about kompot , so why could n't `` greece.greekreporter.com '' be an american site run by the cia . 
  ... stupid, 
  i guess you feel so strongly about it you had to say it twice . 
   save a fortune for everyone except the poor people who do n't have cars and are forced to take the soon to be overpriced and shoddy quality trains . 
  absolutely 0 precedent for this . 
  competition drives prices down and lifts quality up . 
  and if trains are n't making money , then use a bus or something . 
  it 's not as though rail travel is an integral human right . 
   you are saying that selling profitable assets like the airports for ridiculously low price is the best thing that happened to greece ? 
  you are delusional this implies that state run business in greece is profitable . 
  it is n't . 
  at best you 're breaking even but it 's far more common to operate at a loss . 
  nobody is advocating that the greek government sells money making industries . 
   i just believe that there is more to the story than `` the us fucked it up '' . 
  while that statement is true , the state of the country at that time hardly gets mentioned . 
  undoubtedly iraq was n't as stable as the media portrays them now . 
  but that ca n't be laid at saddam 's feet in its entirety .
