  russia invades estonia . 
  estonia is in a military defensive alliance with france , but russia claims that estonia fired upon russian border guard and bombed a nearby army base . 
  it professes having no intentions on invading france . 
  do you press the big red button ? 
  having only one avenue of attack is utterly pointless when you do n't have the option to use it in almost any scenario without ending the world . 
  a nuclear warhead is just a shell , primitive in its essence that literally any country in the world with a nuclear reactor capable of enriching uranium can construct . 
  it 's 1950s technology , after all . 
  the thing that 's more important , and what ukraine never had control over were icbms . 
  because nukes are n't grenades . 
  the point stands though . 
  ukraine could have maintained nuclear warheads with minimal political difficulty . 
  they gave them away , because the cold war has ended , nukes were n't cool and were horrendiously expensive . 
  besides , who could have imagined russia invading ukraine in the 90s ? 
  sure . 
  as long as we ignore the simple fact that no lithuanians or poles live there . 
  but meh , when did things such as facts ever stop us from making fanciful tales and wishes ? 
  they are . 
  in 99 % of cases , the price is the same or the difference can be accounted for as the difference in retailer markup due to lower staffing costs . 
  kaliningrad without mother russia would be a better belarus at best . 
  the whole thing is basically one big army base . 
  it has no legs to stand on its own . 
  not even close . 
  unfortunately : /, 
  how do seat and skoda differ for example ? 
  yet nobody will buy a ds7 over an a6 or a 7 series . 
  i like the ds models , but the citroen stigma is real . 
  hitler killed gypsies and gays too . 
  so clearly the holocaust was not genocide . 
   i mean , obviously , it 's in the bloody treaty !, 
  has n't this been debunked as a recommendation , but not actually something mandatory ? 
  wealthy americans that want to travel to europe wo n't be dissuaded by a visa process , the same way that european tourists that want to see the us wo n't give up just because there 's esta . 
  this is all just pointless posturing . 
  81 million people live in the drc , yet * friggin slovakia * ( 5 mil . 
  pop ) has three times its gdp . 
   you can easy-peasy find differences in a wide variety of detergents for example . 
  exactly . 
  what the fuck does a regular customer know about proper detergent consistency ? 
  or about spices in meat ? 
  or if your butter is supposed to be 70 % fat or 60 % fat ? 
  it 's not simple as reading the label when you have nothing to compare it to . 
  the item itself is n't really cheaper . 
  if by some virtue it is , then it 's simply because the grocery chain employs people at lower salaries than their western counterparts and can make decent profit margins without higher mark ups . 
  and that 's not even mentioning that often times the item costs more or the same . 
   first , who gets the additional profit created here ? 
  al , of course . 
   and would products get more expensive in eastern europe if they `` improve '' ( as in get even with the western version ) the quality of the product ? 
  ca n't see what they would . 
  had i lived in a border town , i could cross the border , pay the same or less for foreign products of higher quality and that 's that . 
  logistics costs would still be the same whether you 're shipping shit in a can or tuna in a can . 
  not when your competition has a market monopoly . 
   so if i only put the hungarian word for tuna on the can i 'm golden ? 
  suddenly it 's okay that hungary gets shitty products ? 
  that might be the actual problem of eastern europe . 
  people expect that their local products are shitty , so they refuse to buy local products even if they are of a better quality . 
  local tuna does not exist !, 
  just as an example , there are no tuna canneries that are not owned by foreign multinational companies !, 
  and this holds true for almost anything made in the country . 
   it says `` coffee '' and it 's sold at mcdonalds . 
  as a citizen of the single market i could expect the same coffee when i order a coffee in a mcdonalds in germany and the uk . 
  i agree with you . 
  you should either get the same coffee ( though i believe mcdonalds is covered with so many franchising regulation that i 'm willing to bet that the coffee everywhere in europe is more or less the same ) or be notified of the contents of the drink before you buy it . 
   but does the ingredient list of shitty nutella lie about the ingredients ? 
  does it lie about the content of hazelnut ? 
  of course not . 
  because that would already be illegal . 
  ordinary people do not know what nutella is supposed to be made of in order for it not to be shitty . 
  they take what they get as standard , pay more for it and do not realize they are being shafted . 
  the dangerous thing down the road , is that the crap nutella is made of can end up killing you via some cardiac disease . 
   because ee customers do n't give a shit . 
  they still believe in the superiority of western products without caring for actual quality . 
  because brands have power and corporations like nestl\u00e9 or ferrero rapidly buy out any competition to maintain their virtual monopoly and bullshit practices !, 
  and as i 've said before , there is no local produce . 
  or do you believe that a small 30 employee factory can afford to buy palm oil , hazelnuts and other ingredients for competetive prices ? 
   and as long as they continue with that stance no amount of eu bureaucracy will get them equal quality products . 
  equal quality products is not the goal here . 
  specifically labelling how nutella germany is different from nutella czech republic is the goal here . 
   are your nutella containers labeled in german ? 
  because if they are n't exclusively labeled in german you already have a different product from the one that is sold in germany . 
  so no reason to complain , products are n't labeled the same . 
  but it 's called nutella !, 
  and the ads on the telly that show kids spreading brown shit on toast is an ad for nutella . 
  the reputation of a world delicacy belongs to nutella , something that is made of different things than what is being sold * as nutella * in the former eastern bloc . 
  why on earth are you fighting this ? 
  do you * want * corporations to shaft other people with no reprecussions ? 
  there are no locally owned manufacturers that can produce competitive products at cost !, 
  that 's the whole point !, 
  the few companies have and maintain a virtual monopoly on food sales in eastern europe , simply because they have the means of buying ingredients cheaper , producing large quantities that reduce costs and have established branding and distribution contracts . 
  if tesco or kaufland do not buy and stock your local product , you will not get any sales !, 
  and even if they do , your asking price will be too high for ordinary people to afford . 
  the issue is that eastern europeans pay the same or more for an inferior product , simply because the companies can afford these practices . 
  a new local producer 's product will be more expensive by nature of the free market which makes it uncompetetive . 
   everything made in the eastern bloc is shit more like : `` everything made in the eastern bloc was bought out by foreign multinationals '' . 
  our `` local brands '' are owned by nestl\u00e9 , ferrero , the coca cola company and others . 
   but how would you put that difference into a feasible regulation that does not require a committee which checks every single product ? 
  if the contents of the product are different , then it can not be labeled the same . 
  austrian tuna and hungarian tuna need to be called differently if the hungarian can consists of less actual meat , otherwise it 's just a scam . 
   coffee with less arabica and more robusta falls into the same category as nutella with less cocoa and more sugar . 
  no it does n't . 
  does the coffee bag say it is made of 99 % arabica while it only has 80 ? 
  of course not .
