  a fucking bargain for the children . 
  i 'm sure . 
  that 's not really true . 
  russia always gets these mysterious technical difficulties whenever they wish to apply pressure on a country . 
  it 's not . 
  mostly because fifa is an international organization , while ncaa is domestic . 
  that still does n't disprove that ncaa can do shady stuff and have it made legal by their lobbyists . 
    the court can visit the witnesses in the other country or ask the local countries authorities for assistance with respect to the evidence gathering . 
  a witness has to be present in court to be questioned by both sides . 
  why not be trialed in the original country ? 
  written statements are just as binding as testifying in person . 
  because though the person may be guilty of a crime , the process could theoretically violate human rights . 
  in america , most of the fuckery is actually legal . 
  like the ncaa exploiting minors . 
  they will then demand clean shaven legs . 
  you ca n't win . 
  we 've reached a historic outline , of a framework of an outline for a potential draft of a pre-final tenative trade deal arrangement , pending approval . 
  you can also make money back by selling your homemade hardware , plus the americans are n't gon na sell us the good stuff anyways . 
  socrates is n't that bad . 
  but you can never tell with schroedinger . 
  ( not a philosopher , yes , i know ! ), 
  it 's a light tank . 
  nothing like the leopards or leclercs . 
  you need gaseous oxygen in order for your lung alveoli to process it . 
  if you inhale water , you end up coughing , because a ) alveoli and bronchi are not built to handle the outwards pressure of liquids or solids b ) the amount of oxygen in the water is super tiny tiny for our big human bodies to survive on even if you could somehow inhale it c ) even if all this were n't true , you need gaseous oxygen to attach to hemoglobin . 
  the financial costs would be bearable . 
  but the loss of votes would n't . 
  sure , but : they work even when there is no wind or sun . 
  they are far more eco friendly compared to coal or natural gas . 
  i concede that nuclear maybe is n't cheap , but it is the best combination of reliability and clenliness . 
  for central europe , where wind is scarce and a large scale construction of renewable energies would necessitate mass deforestation or locking down arable land forever , there is no reason not to go nuclear . 
  you ca n't really board and inspect a boat that 's not in your territorial waters , and after that there 's only one place you can take them - your home port . 
  at no point in this procedure can you just turn the boat around and force it to return to lybia , for example . 
  well , unless you want to fire guns upon them , that is . 
  democracy is a fickle mistress . 
  remember when it was the will of the people to segregate all jews into work camps ? 
  #polishdeathcamps the right choice does n't necessarily have to be the popular choice . 
  and while i disagree with mena migration , i am willing to admit that i do not know everything ever and am open to discussion . 
  honestly i have no idea , but at the least there are eu funds for most environmental research . 
  if you 're a climate scientist or work in the field of environment studies , your funding may suddenly find itself cut , if it was n't already . 
  i am unsure if `` free templates '' are free for commercial use . 
  the state can afford it , sure . 
  but just saying . 
  original ownership matters little . 
  otherwise where do you draw the line ? 
  should great moravia own the land ? 
  or the avars maybe ? 
  the romans ? 
  i mean , they were there first , so ... 
  eh , like you guys did n't cripple yourselves enough on your own . 
  because danube mostly . 
  burgenland is an austrian bundesland that used to be a part of hungary until 1921 . 
  i get that you 're nitpicking the burger instead of burgen but still . 
  i kampf imagine why . 
  semtex is a czech invention that got exported into ireland in the 80s and 90s . 
  it 's far more likely that it came from ireland 's or uk 's storage than it being a recent acquisition . 
  12 % of your worker force is employed in fdis . 
  i tried looking for figures in the eu but had difficulty finding any . 
  but if the usa has about 6 % of its workforce in fdis , it 's not difficult to assume eastern europe will have 10 % easy . 
  subsidizing r&d is hardly an irish novelty . 
  but it has zilch to do with low corporate taxes . 
   ip is what makes most of the profit though . 
  i ca n't browse the internet with an ip . 
  nor can i use it fill up my car . 
  it provides know how , but by no means is it of any value without a finished product to go with it . 
   without intellectual property markets tend to become more competitive and profits head towards the break even point . 
  competition is hardly the problem . 
  i do n't find the market particularily uncompetetive right now . 
   i 'm not suggesting they be overlooked , i 'm saying that it 's not a problem for ireland alone and it 's not one ireland alone could solve even if it was especially its responsibility . 
  this is a strawman if i ever saw one . 
  `` hey the system is broken , but the failure is insitutional , so no muss , no fuss . '', 
  ireland absolutely profits off this broken system by keeping corporate taxes low . 
  you could easily fix this by mandating minimal corporate taxes or disallowing ip sales within the union , but guess which country is throwing a tantrum about that ? 
   in so far as ireland is in control we do n't tax profits that are made in other countries . 
  yeah , sure . 
  you just overlook the fact that ireland had nothing to do with the money it is paid , but i suppose that 's the proverbial gift horse . 
  national security at risk ? 
  that 's preposterous . 
  trump only wanted to showboat a little in front of the guys . 
  show them all the data he gets . 
  he gets the best data , just look at it . 
  the russian guys saw . 
  he has the best intelligence report , best words . 
  nobody gets intelligence reports like he does , it 's true . 
  russians love him and he loves russians . 
  but you ca n't say  well you 'll be happy , ireland 's system does tax 0 % of what xyz corp makes outside of ireland . 
  and then add an asterix that `` this does n't include all the money that italian companies shovel via ireland to avoid italian taxes '' . 
  the * complicated problems * as you put it are the crux of the matter and ca n't just be overlooked . 
  foreign companies employ in the upwards of hundred thousands in every nation . 
  poland , the netherlands , czech republic , hell austria too have a high amount of people employed by foreign multinationals without them being tax havens . 
  low corporate taxes have no correlation to foreign company employment rate . 
  those software , manufacturing or service jobs would still exist because they provide services for the local population . 
  but not all 5000 are financiers . 
  they do other jobs that are not dependent on low corporate taxes . 
  yeah , but their low taxes will be pointless then . 
  without an eu market to avoid taxes from , or an eu market to export goods produced in ireland to , it just turns into an island serbia with better infrastructure . 
   ye , and that 's where our opinions differ , cause i consider less taxes for everyone good . 
  less taxes on corporations does not equal less taxes on population . 
  so at * best * you would be able to buy goods cheaper , but at * least * you would earn significantly less money every month or have worse access to education , healthcare or emergency services . 
   finally what harm is being done by attracting companies with low tax that would n't be done by attracting them with other reasons ?
