  the ukrainians rose up , shattered their figurative russian shackles and what happened ? 
  the russians took crimea and started a proxy war in the east . 
  and what did the eu do ? 
  practically nothing . 
  a lot of ukrainians are worse off than before , and that 's saying something . 
  and this is all discounting the fact that turkey is a more-less hostile nation with whom we are joined in a military alliance . 
  the cold war were two clearly established blocks and ideologies facing off against each other . 
  the turkish situation lacks the magnitute and the clear division for it to be anything remotely similar to the `` fall of communism '' scenario . 
  yeah . 
  the fact of the matter is that erdogan does n't give two shits about what the eu thinks . 
  a prospective eu membership was beneficial for turkish politicians before , so they could liberalize the market and push their own reforms , but erdogan 's policies are different and he has 0 need for the `` eu carrot '' , as it were . 
  eu * has * been asking turkey to make reforms in one way or another , and they have n't made * any * progress for well over thirty years . 
  why do you imagine that all it takes is a sternly worded letter for someone like erdogan ( who , once again , is politically the polar opposite of what the eu wants him to be ) to crumble and acquiesce ? 
  greece joining the eu was 100 % politics . 
  hardly anyone cared about their economy back then . 
  the y chromosome generally stays the same for a long long time . 
   mitochondrial dna is also very usable in that sense . 
  how so ? 
  mdna is strictly matrillineal . 
   if the recipe says heat to 200 farenhait but you only know celsius i have a degree in chemistry and ca n't do f to c conversions off the top of my head . 
   but considering that no country in eastern europe has the economy capable of developing or supporting nuclear weapons literally every eastern european country has the capacity and the technology to build and maintain nuclear weapons . 
  they do n't have warheads to launch them with , but as long as you have a nuclear reactor , you can build a nuke . 
  funny bit of useless trivia : paris , ohio was named after paris , kentucky and not paris , france , while paris , new york was named after isaac paris . 
  there are 15 towns in america named paris . 
   the blame for the current situation can mostly be laid at stalin , imo . 
  his ` socialism in one country ' really fucked over wherever the union went . 
  many people love to forget that stalin signed a pact with a power , who 's main agenda was eradication of communism , sat back and twiddled his thumbs , then was shocked when it turned out that the germans did * not * in fact intend to respect the pact signed . 
  had it been anyone else but stalin in power back then , the great patriotic war would have never happened , since the backstab could have been seen from lightyears away . 
  but sure , stalin the `` war genius '' won the war by purging the officer corps of everyone who could actually lead an army , sacrificed millions of troops to hold off german lines for a manner of hours or days and generally triumphed because russia 's infrastructure was so shit it became impossible to support a military campaign in its heartlands . 
  yeah . 
  brilliant war commander indeed . 
  i , for one , welcome our new german overlords . 
  what do you base that on ? 
  this !, 
  we all know that paris is in ohio . 
  no need to clarify , jeez . 
  uk is like a man standing on a bridge . 
  yelling at everyone that he 'll do it if they come any closer , while standing there for hours on end . 
  i mean , i do n't want you to jump , but jesus , man . 
  make up your mind !, 
  fortress greece !, 
  obligatory / s, 
  a certain lannister only knows what everyone else ` knows ' - which is that lannisters shit gold . 
  cersei is the last person tywin would tell if he ran out of gold . 
  it makes sense . 
  breaking one 's arms and legs is the only way you can prevent them from swimming too far nowadays . 
  ... hmm ... maybe they thought he was a refugee hightailing it for greece . 
  who knows ? 
  thought he was labour . 
  my bad then . 
  neither is bojo , and was n't he made minister of foreign affairs ? 
  160 extra soldiers is hardly ` more soldiers ' tbh . 
  for france and germany , sure . 
  pfft , no chance . 
  sure , the 18,000 troops might benefit from new boots or uniforms , but that 's hardly an amount you 'd build a new factory for . 
  and slovakia has no real military production beyond one munitions and small arms . 
  but that 's not really a problem . 
  the last thing we need is another different type of equipment being thrown around europe . 
  best to buy what germany/france are buying and be done with it . 
  why ? 
  everyone turned to him after the brexit vote . 
  it 's not like he lacked clout post-referendum . 
  the opposite in fact . 
  [ genghis khan 's conquest of russia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mongol_invasion_of_rus%27 ), 
  nigel farage was an eu mp , and he outright lied about what brexit would entail . 
  obviously he had no government mandate , but he could have made a rough outline in any case , given that he lived in the belly of the beast . 
  and it 's not like - to my knowledge at least - the uk knows what to do , still . 
  and they had close to a year of ` nothing happening ' before may invoked article 50 . 
  54kg of cheese in the car , 55kg of cheese , take one down , pass it around . 
  did n't the sa start off similarily ? 
  and i do n't mean to imply anything . 
   and you are completely free to do so . 
  its not like you are an essential player , so i think the eu would do fine . 
  as an eastern european , i agree with you on this point . 
  i would not want to leave the eu project and all it has accomplished because i 'm scared of brown people . 
  i 'm not saying i necessarily want a large muslim population living down street from me , but that 's life . 
   as you should . 
  east europeans have shown time and time again , that you opt for conflict with russia instead of trying to work out things . 
  but this is where the nonsense starts . 
  russia , well putin in particular , has a vested interest in regaining influence over what used to be the soviet union . 
  just because you - denmark - fall outside of what putin cares to influence does n't mean that he likes you . 
  he simply does not have the resources to antagonize you . 
  ee has been under the yolk of russia - or russian imposed socialism - for a very long time and the results show . 
  ee always lagged a little behind the west , but the 50 years spent building communism left deep divisions between the east and west . 
  and no matter how badly you want to deny it , russian foreign policy has n't changed much , just its ideology . 
   important strategic and economic partner as much as many west european countries . 
  this is very disingenuous of the west imo , as they want to have their cake and eat it too ( by west i mean nl , fr , de , it in particular ) . 
  you lot have massive investments in the east , but you do n't think that something trivial as russia attacking a neighbor ( 5 eu states border russia ) [ should stand in the way of business . 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/018/012/screen_shot_2015-05-12_at_3.31.31_pm.png )  and yes . 
  the west is looking primarily out for our economic interests , seeing as it is us that are paying for this whole circus . 
  you 're not . 
  not really . 
  your politicians and economists are not imbeciles . 
  they would never support paying money and get nothing in return . 
  your corporations own our retail stores , factories , arable land etc. 
  without those development funds , we 'd be getting shafted 10 ways to sunday . 
  following that logic : american \u2260 us citizen, 
  blackhawk is sikorski , vipers are bell . 
  different companies .
