  coffee is not similar to nutella in the slightest . 
   quality differences are a problem the market can solve . 
  do n't buy shit that you do n't like . 
  that 's the reason why germany has good quality for low prices . 
  the market solved nothing thus far . 
  and if all you can buy is shit , you will buy shit , else you 'll starve . 
   if nutella changes ingredients many will buy something else . 
  if nutella raises prices , many will buy something else . 
  the cxos of ferrero , nestle and other multinationals are n't secret nazis that love germans and hate eastern europeans . 
  they love profits for the most part . 
  and they understand they can sell shit to ee at a margin , while they can not do the same thing in de . 
   not if that effort comes with tons of pointless bureaucracy . 
  as would be the case if companies were forced to sell the same product in all countries . 
  apologistic bullshit . 
  `` let 's not change things because change involves work '' . 
   the amount of red tape that we need to regulate this gets even worse if the product is produced in different countries by subsidies . 
  or to take it to the extreme , if it is produced by a local franchise . 
  there is no red tape to be had . 
  either sell the same exact product , or force the companies to label it differently . 
  nutella poland or coca cola croatia . 
   where do you draw the line ? 
  mcdonalds spain uses beef from spain . 
  mcdonalds france uses beef from france . 
  can the customer in spain complain because the beef he has to eat was produced with more antibiotics ( i.e. 
  inferior quality ) than the beef the french customer eats ? 
  can the mcdonalds customer in the netherlands complain because he has to eat greenhouse tomatoes that were grown in hydroculture while the one in spain eats tomatoes that were grown outdoors ? 
  yes . 
  yes and yes . 
  information about food intake is critical and * has * to be available to the customer at a moment 's notice . 
  if the spanish are being fed beef on antibiotics , then it is necessary to * say so * so that the customer can make an informed decision and vote with his wallet . 
  if you 're selling crap , then call it crap . 
   products of different quality is a problem the markets are perfectly capable of solving . 
  do you believe german customers get high quality food for low prices because all the businesses around the world love germans so much ? 
  or is it because german customers wo n't buy your stuff if you fuck with them too much ? 
  the markets have been running the show and solved * nothing * . 
  the companies are allowed to sell inferior products in eastern europe because there is no alternative . 
  if every product is inferior , and there is literally no reason for the product not to be inferior , considering the production costs are lower and profit margins higher , then the people have no alternative to choose from . 
  do you expect them to go hungry or dress in unwashed clothes ? 
   if ferrero germany wo n't sell to you , file a complaint with the eu because they discriminate . 
  there is no legislation that would force ferrero germany to sell anything to anyone , least of all proper german nutella to a polish retailer . 
  for all we know , ferrero has a million and a half reasons why polish nutella is shit . 
  really not an option if there is no foreign product to be had . 
  and crossing the border to do your daily shopping is not a viable option either . 
  but if your interest rates are * too high * to pay back without slashing funding , then what option is there ? 
   why would you borrow more and tax more ? 
  larger loans necessitate larger return payments . 
  import nuclear . 
  well . 
  spain has to have * something * going for it , so i suppose it 's alright . 
   liberal with that many religious nutjobs ? 
  hardly . 
   capitalist does the eu propagate state ownership ? 
   first time 1860 or 1945 ? 
  afaik the stance on privacy in slovakia is that as long as it can be observed from a publicly accessible location , then it is not protected by privacy law . 
  the exception is i believe when inside a dwelling . 
  meaning you can take a picture of someone sunbathing naked on his front lawn , but not of someone through the window when he 's showering . 
  in what way ? 
   irreligious it 's called atheist . 
  use any definition of democracy you like . 
  just take note that this statement :  it has been observed that systems which combine democracy , aristocracy and autocratic rule are more likely to lead a nation into greatness as well as preserve the liberty of citizens than democratic countries can not possibly be correct if your definition of autocratic democracy sustains opressive policies . 
   and my last point was that , since we 're arguing whether democratic states are inherently more humane than less democratic ones , even if you consider the pre-1965 voting rights act us an oligarchy my personal opinion wo n't affect the facts . 
  if you allow for a portion of your population to be disenfranchised based on things they have no control over , you are not living in a representative democracy . 
  does n't necessarily make it an oligarchy , patriarchy , triumvirate or whatever . 
  it simply means that liberties and freedoms are not being protected , and hence your original statement is refuted . 
   given that most would consider this to be an extraordinary claim i suppose i would too . 
  there 's nothing that stands out as oligarchy-like in pre 1965 usa . 
  does n't mean that people disagree with the act though . 
   you should be able to prove that the us would have treated the native americans better , were women and minorities allowed to vote . 
  i should ? 
  why ? 
  and how ? 
  it 's a self-contradiction . 
  the us funded american expansion into indian territories in the west because they were n't us citizens and had no protection . 
  you ca n't speculate on whether the california gold rush or the trail of tears would have happened had indians been a recognized voting base in the us , because they simply were n't . 
  fact of the matter is , that they were pushed out of their lands and tricked of their possessions because they were n't protected from us law ( for the most part ) . 
  speculating on what could have been is pointless . 
  i ca n't predict that . 
   it has been observed that systems which combine democracy , aristocracy and autocratic rule are more likely to lead a nation into greatness as well as preserve the liberty of citizens than democratic countries when 50 % of your population at minimum is oppressed , then you can not possibly say that an autocratic-democratic mix ( such as the british or roman empires , which were about as democratic as my left butt cheek ) preserves individual liberties in the broadest possible spectrum and/or best possible way . 
  or is it only about the liberty of those few individuals that tick a certain amount of boxes ( british , white , landowner , roman citizen , whatever ) that we should care about , and if for every 1 free citizen there exist 50 oppressed and suffering slaves/indentured servants , then it simply does n't matter , does it ? 
   so , if women voting and minorities voting and all that is a prerequisite for a democracy such a shocking and completely unreasonable request . 
  if men : women ratio is close to 50:50 , it stands to reason that half of the world 's population should n't be allowed to vote in matters of state !, 
  ( obligatory / s ) . 
  but if you think that women and minorities being allowed to vote has nothing to do with democracies , perhaps we should only allow people named `` jeff '' to vote . 
  it makes as much sense as any other restriction . 
   is the us now democratic , with their felony disenfranchisement laws ? 
  yes . 
  felons are disenfranchised based on their actions , not their race , gender or beliefs . 
  it stands to reason that being penalized for your own actions is different than being penalized for your existence . 
   when churchill said that thing about democracy being the best government tried , i mean how could he have said it . 
  unicorns are real . 
  there i said a thing . 
  quote me on it , make it important !, 
   you see where i 'm going . 
  if you want to you can fiddle with the deffinition of democracy untill any state that has practiced ethnic cleansing is undemocratic . 
  was n't the point . 
  the point was that a state that practices ethnic cleansing by definition * does not preserve individual rights and liberties of its people * . 
   unless you can prove that allowing black people and women to vote would have prevented ethnic cleansing of the indians , i do n't see why anyone should care . 
  random comment is random . 
   usa democracy rly ? 
  ever heard of landed voting ?
