  whatever happened during russian rule means nothing , because for the past 70 it was ukrainian . 
  did germany invade stolp and someone forgot to tell me ? 
  neither does that mean crimea is not ukrainian . 
  crimea is as much russian as istanbul is greek . 
  because i am sick of people saying crimea is russian , like the 150 years served under the russian empire is some sort of metric that legitimizes russian actions in ukraine . 
  if that 's the logic we 're following , then very well , germany has full right to take back the baltic coast , kalingrad , gdansk and hungary can swallow romania and slovakia back up . 
  but personally , i think we 've moved past that . 
   something that would cripple our economy if it 's used is not an ace . 
  as you say yourself , it 's a liability . 
  there 's plenty of natural gas out there . 
  the question is whether we are willing to pay more on transport and go out of our way to harm russia or if we just care for the comfort and accept the strings attached . 
   so we are finally able to use that ace in 10 , maybe 20 years ? 
  possibly sooner , but yes . 
  regardless , it would be a step in the right direction and if nothing else , show the world that russia is an unreliable partner that we 're not willing to deal with anymore . 
  i 'd much rather work towards a solution than just sit on my butt because it will take too long . 
    if they decide that movement of eu people should be limited ; consequences will happen . 
  you can not have your cake and eat it too . 
   you assume wrong . 
  i was talking about any eu member . 
  in that case , your point is moot , since the only nations disrupting the momvement of eu nationals is france by closing its borders - which again , is within france 's rights to do so . 
   who 's talking about syrian refugees ? 
  just making it clear - again - that no eu nation blocks movement of eu nationals and that syrian refugees are not eu nationals even if they reside in the eu . 
   we 're talking about eu citizens . 
  put your anti-eu anti-merkel pitchfork away and stay on the point of this thread if you expect any sort of reply . 
  my anti-merkel pitchfork is still in my wardrobe . 
  i do n't recall merkel forcing her policy on anyone , which is something i ca n't say about other politicians , but i digress . 
  if you 're talking about eu citizens , then you have no case because : * no country in the eu closed its borders to eu nationals barring france . 
  * switzerland is not an eu country and has no obligation to respect eu laws about free movement of goods or people , despite its participation in the schengen . 
  venezuela . 
  to a certain extent the ussr or cuba . 
  had you annexed them , claiming they were german , i 'd argue they are prussian and that today 's germany and yesterday 's prussia have little in common . 
  still , you are arguing semantics , since germany is n't leading a proxy war in poland , that 's so 1945 . 
  that is a nice idea , but it will never work . 
  russia would never sit idly while eu - the `` decadent homogay west '' - contradicts their propaganda on their very soil . 
  sadly , the only way to `` convert the population '' is to make them suffer in lieu of their government 's bad policies , which will then either force a change of regime or a change of russia 's attitude . 
  since when ? 
  it 's been russian for 150 years , but tatar for 300 years . 
  by my definition , crimea is tatar . 
  not really . 
  they only banned russian administrators . 
  it 's the americans that expanded this list on some oligarchs , not the eu . 
  the ace up our sleeve would have to be cutting russia 's oil or gas market in europe , alternatively funding a big pipeline to iran , azerbaijan or algeria . 
  though oil prices are in decline , eastern europe is still horribly dependent on russian natural gas . 
  russia needs to be sanctioned , i do n't disagree with you on that . 
  whether or not the sanctions are working , we could debate that for a long time , but there needs to be a common eu push where eu leaders jointly isolate russia , and not because the eu/us told them so . 
  tl ; dr sanctions are nice , but if eu nations keep making under table deals with russia , we 'll never see the end of russian aggression . 
  perhaps . 
  but i feel that the sanctions in their current form are a joke . 
  russia 's the most hostile since the fall of the iron curtain and some people are still mad about france having to halt its sale of mistrals to the russians , nor do the germans feel any conflict of interest by signing nordstream 2 . 
  it 's a shitstorm , and while russia may be hurting , the old saying still goes : nations have no friends , only interests . 
  as a big fan of a united states of europe , i must concede that this is still an unrealistic prospect . 
  there are huge discrepancies in minimum wages , tax codes , social security , electoral systems , legislative processes , criminal law , civil law et al. 
  and nobody seems to be shifting towards one model or the other . 
  the us had a big war about to what extents can states govern themselves , and back then , the us was a young nation and law & governance was far more streamlined than today . 
  i do n't see the eu overcoming this obstacle . 
   schengen is not an eu project . 
  freedom of movement for workers is a profound eu and eea project . 
  ah , the bigotry . 
  the swiss should be penalized because they refuse to - democratically might i add - accept migrants which they have no obligation to do but france closing its borders is fine because reasons . 
  in no way am i saying france does n't have the right to close its borders , but you should n't be allowed to say one thing and then do another . 
    no but future investments ( consider the extreme light infrastructure that 's buildings some of the worlds powerful lasers in poland , czech republic , romania ) should be reconsidered . 
   huh ? 
  poland czech republic and romania are absolutely staying in line with eu policy : there should be freedom of movement for eu nationals and no discrimination for eu workers . 
  the eu as a whole is more than just `` freedom of movement for labour and goods '' , and if you 're going to hang a damocles ' sword above the heads of these countries , saying : accept migrants , do x , do y or else , then you 're not searching for a solution , you 're making a threat . 
  somehow you decided that the complaints of these countries are invalid , and that because they benefit from x , that they should shut up and do as told . 
   if they decide that movement of eu people should be limited ; consequences will happen . 
  you can not have your cake and eat it too . 
  i assume you 're saying this in regards to switzerland , but then you are wrong because switzerland is not in the eu . 
  conicidentally , syrian refugees in german care are not eu people and nowhere is it written that they have freedom of movement . 
    the hadron collider 's already in switzerland . 
  it 's not a couch you can move one room over . 
   no but future investments ( consider the extreme light infrastructure that 's buildings some of the worlds powerful lasers in poland , czech republic , romania ) should be reconsidered . 
  why ? 
  because the countries refuse to ` fall in line ' ? 
  and in the end , why should an eu organization funded by the whole of eu care about a country 's stance on this or that issue . 
  that 's not their job . 
    these fields are about the betterment of mankind and should n't bow to ** petty politics . 
  **  petty politics like deciding to reduce the number of foreigners the swiss are a sovereign nation , as is romania or poland or greece . 
  they are free to decide on their own legislation - to an extent at least . 
  would you accept criticism that france should n't be able to close its borders because schengen or that your martial law is undemocratic ? 
  france is france and has liberties in this regard . 
  the hadron collider 's already in switzerland . 
  it 's not a couch you can move one room over . 
  i ca n't endorse science , education or sports being fixed on political cooperation . 
  these fields are about the betterment of mankind and should n't bow to petty politics . 
  only in select few countries , and even that 's more or less a one off boost . 
  if you want a recommendation , then it 'd be holland , denmark , savoy or the swiss, 
  unlikely . 
  the warning pertains to russia 's expenditure policy more than anything else . 
  oil production is still profitable . 
  it 's when you 're using it to finance the country that you have a problem . 
  huh ? 
  what about the us 's invasions into panama or grenada ? 
   really ? 
  mobility is not only speed . 
  tracked vehicles almost always have better general mobility and being as light as it is m113 is very mobile in terms `` can go where many others ca n't '' . 
  that 's a myth . 
  true , tracks are better if you 're comparing them with 4 wheeled cars or want to drive exclusively on snow and ice , but other than that , they are in no way more ` mobile ' than their wheeled counterparts . 
  the m113 aifv is basically a more accurate counterpart to the bmp-1 , which is a piece of 60s technology and offers nothing for an offensive campaign today . 
  whether it makes more sense to buy ifvs or apcs depends on what you want to achieve .
