  yes . 
  i see how austria and austrians under czechoslovakia suffered disproportionately to how practically every minority ever suffered , and to this day suffers in nations that are n't their own . 
  truly without precedent , the austrians are the martyrs of the inner war period . 
   i do belive the `` hostile takeover '' were less hostile than the revolution . 
  i think the ukrainians have more right to complain about their government than the russian right of occupying territory of a sovereign country . 
   so suddenly now it is relevant wether things are done by democratic elections and not ? 
  i 'm glad you ignored the second part of my argument , saying that there either needs to be a vote or a long standing movement . 
  sudden surge of separatism is not a legitimate reason to annex your neighbor . 
  especially if you send troops there in the first place . 
   your example of usa : that the brittish empire was not a democracy . 
  shows what you know . 
  britain was n't an empire in 1776 and it most definitely was a parliamentary monarchy . 
  so yes , the brits were a democracy . 
  the issue was with the ` muricans not being included . 
  `` taxation without representation '' - ring a bell ? 
   i belive this is a very immature comment and either you do n't know the full extent of the facts in this conflict or you are playing stupid . 
  please , give me a * serious * source about the decadent homogay west sending snipers to incite a revolution . 
   i 'm not comparing the movements of themselves per se , just analyzing what the popular opinion here sometimes seems to be which to me seems to come down to the view that self-determination is awesome unless you happen to be russian in which case you 're a product of muh imperialism and muh russification and you , your community , and your opinion can be disregarded . 
  yet it 's one thing if you 're holding a referendum or protesting or whatever , it 's a whole other thing if russian soldiers sweep into your land , install a puppet government and proclaim `` all hail to our new russian overlords . '', 
  at least , that 's the difference for me . 
  i ca n't speak for other people . 
   of course it was fueled by the allied injustice after ww1 so it grew stronger in the interwar years . 
  oh please , do tell more . 
  their need for self determination arose overnight following the fall of a russian aligned government . 
  comparing it to the malvinas or any other ongoing independence movement is sheer ignorance . 
  let 's not forget the special forces occupying crimea at the time of referendum and zero international oversight . 
   yeah okey so i get that viewpoint : it is immoral to change the goverment/borders using violence , occupying parliment buildings with soldiers ... 
  but you know ... 
  did n't `` you '' do that when you removed a your goverment just before ? 
  are you comparing an act of civil revolt to a hostile takeover by foreign armed forces ? 
   one could argue perhaps that it was a domestic ` revolution ' and thus sanctioned and that argument is correct . 
  or is the usa 's declaration of independence similarily void ? 
  the october revolution ? 
  pretty much every independence/regime change in the past 500 years ? 
   but still , ukraine had and have support of european unioni oh man . 
  yes . 
  having interests in a neighboring country 's stability or political alignment is such a rare and uncommon thing . 
  practically exclusive to the decadent homogay west . 
  unlike russia who everyone follows out of sheer admiration and love , and does n't need to exert any influence over anybody ever . 
   ( after all `` we '' made it possible using the snipers ) this is such bullshit it does n't even warrant a coherent response . 
   do you belive these regions and the people inside rather wanted to be part of ukraine than russia and that the results were fabricated ? 
  you managed to make one good argument . 
  there is basis for the claims that crimea et . 
  al want to be a part of russia anyways , so why not let them . 
  and had this happened democractically , in a means similar to the scottish referendum , i would probably agree . 
  similarily , had there been a long standing push for autonomy , like catalonia or flanders , you could paint a similar case , but there really was n't . 
  at least not to my knowledge . 
  the crimean problem arose over night , coincidentally when the russian-aligned government was toppled and fled the country . 
  it was occupied by soldiers of a foreign entity , and put to referendum under military occupation . 
  you can not ignore that . 
  there was no foreign oversight in crimea 's referendum . 
  it 's * possible * that the crimean peninsula , given the choice between staying in ukraine and joining russia would vote for russia , but i have serious doubts it would have ended in a supermajority , and even if it would , then it would need to happen in a transparent process under international oversight . 
  because it 's one thing if you seek independence for your `` nation '' , but it 's a whole other thing if you want your neighbor to gobble it up . 
   for ukrainians their gas pipeline is a leverage that they can use against russia . 
  as opposed to russia who does n't do exactly that ? 
  i ca n't speak for poland 's legislature on this matter , but as far as slovakia goes , you only need to prove that your family lived in zakarpatia prior to 1939 when it was lost to the hungarians . 
  this is practically impossible to prove or disprove , so people just change their lastnames ( legally ) to something common for ukraine , like sevchenko or kovalenko , then find a random family living there and claim relations . 
  thus they are guaranteed residency as descendants of czechoslovak citizens . 
  though from you can find on [ the wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karta_polaka ) only ex-ussr citizens are eligible for it . 
  so i 'm afraid you 're out of luck . 
  france gets its gas from algeria mostly . 
  any russian gas is just a token amount . 
  by that definition , nazi germany 's annexation of czechoslovakia , denmark and the netherlands , imperial japan 's invasion of half the pacific , usa 's invasion into granada and panama , soviet union 's annexation of the baltic states in 1939 and so on and so forth were all mislabeled ? 
  damn . 
  i know , right ? 
  how dare the european union offer its citizens a better and safer life than the ukrainian government ?!, 
  it 's no wonder that the poor manipulated ukrainians were brainwashed into expecting such ridiculousness as government leaders who do n't live in mansions made of gold , or higher paying jobs or foreign visa-free travel !, 
  for shame , europe . 
  for shame . 
  it 's very easy to get residence as a ukrainian . 
  just claim slovak or polish heritage and you 're set . 
  an italian russian . 
  germany 's greatest enemy . 
   the right to be forgotten is completely incompatible with a democratic country . 
  an informed citizenry is the most important component free democracy and giving anyone a chance to be forgotten could compromise that . 
  it 's no less compatible than giving every idiot a gun and calling it a constitutional right . 
  the us does n't have a patent on democracy . 
   is google tryef to censor american results using a european law , there are so many prosecutors in so many states that would love to jump on the bandwagon and sue them . 
  uhm , no ? 
  yes , you can sue anyone over anything in america but that does n't mean you have a case . 
  google subjecting itself to european law on european soil does n't mean squat for americans . 
  google can always filter its content and access based on ip location . 
  is it though ? 
   since the area they occupied is rich is resources shell gas and oil . 
  there 's no lack of either in the world , oil is cheaper than bottled water now and there is no second market to buy even * more * russian gas . 
   a lot of people live there people are n't plants . 
  they require services , employment and a healthy environment to function . 
  the eastern areas are being shelled by artillery fire and were the center of sizeable urban combat . 
  it would require a massive investment before the regions could even break even . 
  it 's not like they were exactly silicon valley under ukraine . 
   it has strategic value not really . 
  take a [ look ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/map_of_the_war_in_donbass.svg ) for yourself . 
  it 's not any way closer to anywhere of importance for russia than it was before . 
  even crimea itself is by no means a strategic gain , considering nato still holds the bosphorous . 
  what are they going to do with it ? 
  yeah , no . 
  the whole war in donbass and annexation of crimea was a total blunder , designed to project russian power but it ended the moment oil prices fell and economic sanctions began their toll . 
  contrary to the popular belief , the eu does not need russia - it needs oil and gas which it can get from elsewhere . 
  russia is simply a convenient and inexpensive choice , but not a necessity . 
  my reply was to a guy who said `` crimea is russian '' and to other people who love to claim it was russian since time immemorial and should have never been given to ukraine .
