  and what are the germans going to do about it ? 
  shoot them with broomsticks ? 
  100 million poor europeans ? 
  in a 300 million eu ? 
  or are you counting every russian as poor ? 
  mate , you should leave europe 's borders sometime to take a look at what poverty looks like . 
   and in case you did n't notice , we ca n't protect the border . 
  you could . . you know , employ those things ... gosh darnit , what 's the word ... boats !, 
  yes !, 
  boats . 
  thousands of refugees cross into lesbos but noone ever thought to put a patrol boat between lesbos and the turkish coast . 
  and you 're welcome to accomodate them . 
  and if some refugees want to seek refuge in poland , i 'm sure poland will accomodate them too , they 've proven as much . 
  but please do n't claim that the refugees chanting `` germany , germany '' and holding merkel 's photograph while crossing borders and rioting in refugee camps will be content to live on minimal support in eastern european countries . 
  they avoid france like the plague , what makes you think they will find a place like poland or bulgaria acceptable to their desires ? 
  luxebourg has small welfare , no arab communities and tiny employment prospects for unqualified workers . 
  it 's a calculated decision . 
  how can you say that ? 
  not separating garbage is much worse . 
  it can spell the end of humanity . 
  you can create your own property on the internet with a couple keystrokes and spew any nonsense you want . 
  how is that not freedom of speech ? 
  you sound whiny . 
  provided you 're above 18 years of age , you gave the government the ability to govern by voting , or if you did n't vote then you probably did n't care in the first place . 
  the government ca n't and wo n't cater to your individual needs or opinions , but to the majority ones . 
  take off those rosy glasses my friend and go take a look at america . 
  i 've spent a year in suburbia , michigan and when i wanted internet , the only provider in my area was comcast and their 49.95 package for 12gbits of data . 
  in an entire town of close to 70,000 people i was forced to deal with one single operator who charged ridiculous rates for a terrible service . 
  for comparison , where i live now , i pay 20eur/mo for unlimited data at 16mbits/s and in a town of 90,000 people i can choose from a variety of 6 isps . 
  if i lived on a street with fiber , i could have unlimited data at 100mbits/s for only 14eur/mo . 
  company monopolies are crazy things especially for service providers and if you think they wo n't form cartels then you 're being naive . 
  a free , unregulated market can work for goods , where you can buy cheaper stuff from two towns over , but you ca n't get cheaper water or internet if there 's no competing infrastructure in place . 
  though it 's scarcely enforced anywhere but germany, 
   there is . 
  get out of the recession first , worry about debts later . 
  that 's how it has been done for 100 years . 
  but if you want to act now , then cutting expenses and ( optimally ) lowering taxes is the answer ; not , i repeat , not increasing taxes and cutting expenses : that 's suicidal . 
  once again . 
  money has to come from somewhere to finance the state . 
  contrary to popular belief , you do n't collect taxes -  spend taxes , but you loan money -  collect taxes -  repay money -  loan money . 
  there 's your roadbump . 
  to finance a functional state , you need to promote confidence in your fiscal policies and as you said yourself at the bottom , the investors , the creditors and might i add the politicians are stupid and you wo n't change that . 
  in an ideal world , yes , you could stimulate the economy , promote growth and then repay your debt from your now big healthy economy . 
  this is not an ideal world . 
  why did the portuguese economy ever flop if it takes so much as to ` will ' the economy to become bigger and healthier ? 
  it 's a complicated process and requires investor confidence to do so . 
   it 's called keynesianism and i 'm not a proponent of it , but it would still be better than what they are doing . 
  the eu did n't followed neither keynesianism neither any alternative . 
  they just made up their own economic theory along the way . 
  the easiest comparison is money = value . 
  you need to create value to then exchange your value for other commodities . 
  to expand your economy you would need an extensive production sector - think usa in 1945 . 
  you need to produce stuff so that people can buy stuff from you . 
  a stagnating service economy ca n't be kickstarted with just shoving money into the problem . 
   it 's called an investment . 
  companies do it all the time . 
  it often works when the state is n't a complete oligarchy . 
  when you invest in the people it tends to work , when you build 19km bridges that are used by 100 cars a day , then the investment tends to not work . 
  but then again , that 's stimulus and i 'm not arguing that it 's the best solution . 
  i 'm saying that raising taxes while cutting expenses is the worst . 
  it 's called an investment when you use the money to create something that then produces money . 
  if you simply give the money away in hopes of that money somehow comes back to you multiplied , then that 's not investment . 
  the reason is that greece 's gdp took a massive hit and lost 100 billion usd in 5 years and nothing was done to stop the leaking but austerity , which as i said , only makes the leak even worse . 
  the money lent to greece was used to sustain the unsustainable , not in stimulus . 
  no keynesian will argue that the greek govt even remotely stimulated the economy . 
  but it then comes down to the folly of greek politicians , not the idea that saving money is necessary to curtail the ever-growing deficit . 
   austerity was not unavoidable . 
  what was unavoidable was a restructuring of the greek social welfare system . 
  if you 're spending 10 $ on a social system , but you only have 6 $ , then you need to cut down 4 $ from the initial expenditure . 
  that 's austerity . 
  if there 's not enough money in the system to finance it , then you either need to bring in more money , which was nigh impossible in greece 's case , or reduce the amount of money you spend . 
  that is the definition of austerity . 
   you assume i assume , but not what i assume . 
  because rejecting austerity does n't mean rejecting social responsibility and restructuring . 
  but guess what , austerity is there and restructuring is not , at least in the portuguese case . 
  portugal destroyed it 's economy , increased the debt-to-gdp and has the same structural problems as before . 
  austerity solved nothing , only worsened . 
  of course rejecting austerity means rejecting social responsibility . 
  if i can not afford to pay for something , the proper response is to not buy it or make more money . 
  there is no way in between , provided i want that specific item . 
  if i recognize that what i am doing is wrong , yet i continue doing it , then i am indeed rejecting responsibility . 
   the obverse point is also true : it 's hypocritical to complain about one state ( greece for example ) not following rules when the states wanting to enforce them are themselves not compliant . 
  the only difference is these states do it in places where it benefits them and because they can get away with it . 
  if by ignoring the rules , you are putting your country into jeopardy then that 's a different situation than if you 're subsidising your famers more than you should by law . 
   every institution in every eu memberstate that made bad decisions with its money deserved to have perished . 
  those are the consequences for their decisions . 
  in fact , the lesson that should have been noticed is that the financial system is a total failure and was being run with zero concern for the impact it might have . 
  and when it self-destructed , which was a when , not if , the eu and the government swooped in to save it . 
  and they deserve to be punished . 
  i agree with you . 
  but we need to start somewhere and stop arguing about who should be punished first . 
   to make that clear , states are victims , financial institutions are the perpetrators . 
  the way it was handled by the eu considers it exactly the opposite . 
  because states were totally forced to loan out money , and then they were forced to spend that money on things and populist policies with no potential of economic growth . 
  like excessive military expenditure , generous welfare policies , lax tax collection and hosting the olympics . 
  obligatory / s  there are more options than a ) give loans or b ) sink the euro . 
  loans were the preferred choice for ideological reasons , ie see above . 
  i have a huge problem with individual , innocent , taxpayers suffering while the institutions who caused the problem get away without consequence . 
  implying there was a third choice that would magically fix everything but everyone decided against it for the lolzies . 
   we hardly taught them a lesson by how we responded to a crisis they caused .
