  i was n't aware ireland was a heavy exporter for industry and financial services . 
  all the foreign companies in ireland employ at most 10,000 people in various bureaucracies and offices , and the highest earners are foreigners still . 
  cancelling your tax code loopholes would hardly spell doom for ireland . 
  that 's not true though . 
  samsung italy can pay samsung ireland administrative and patent fees on ip just so that samsung italy ends up making minimal profit and thus pay little to no tax in italy . 
  meanwhile samsung ireland has all this money it got from selling ip licenses to its european daughters , but the irish tax code is set so low that they pay a pittance . 
  profits are then redistributed across the globe as `` investments '' - a tax deductible , by the way . 
  ip especially is the main culprit , as its value can be whatever you determine it to be , and nobody can really argue otherwise , unlike actual goods - such as grain - that hold market values and can have their prices compared on the global market . 
  it is therefore next to impossible for a nation 's tax collector to sue a company for tax evasion . 
   saint martin , guadeloupe , re\u00fanion , mayotte , or even french guiana , the azores , or cyprus yes , yes , yes , no , yes , yes and yes . 
  we 're not all uneducated idiots . 
  many others believed that he would start acting presidential , and that he actually had a plan when he started spewing his rhetorics . 
  the flashpoints of his campaign were n't * stupid * per se . 
  from what i understand , he promised universal healthcare that would be * better and cheaper than obamacare * , but still universal . 
  he spoke about reducing military spending , reducing overseas missions , placing tariffs on china and slashing taxes all within his first 100 days in office . 
  we know now , and some knew then that he is an idiot and never had any plans or know-how on how to accomplish any of it , but for an average voter , he was n't that bad a choice if you only skimmed the surface . 
  honestly , had i been born an american i would n't know who to vote in the recent election . 
  hillary was n't a complete moron , granted , but as a person she was absolutely repulsive , with her smug and frankly entitled attitude , that now is * her turn * to be president after she lost to obama last term . 
  plus the whole `` first female president '' angle she kept pushing as if it mattered a lick to anyone . 
  meh , politics is complicated , let 's just leave it at that . 
  he functionally has no power anyways . 
  and it 's not like he can order a missle strike on an airbase in syria or leak secret information to an enemy nation . 
  nixon had one big scandal . 
  trump * is * one big scandal . 
  there is a difference there . 
  he is the most unpopular us president in recent history though . 
  zeman is the first president elected by a direct vote . 
  prior to that , the parliament & senate elected the president . 
  hmm . . maybe you 're onto something . 
  well , but she lost . 
  in order to mount an opposition , you need to oppose something - duh . 
  but honestly i know nothing of her stance on anything that goes beyond xenophilia and anti-eu sentiments . 
  does she want to increase the work week ? 
  decrease it ? 
  raise healthcare premiums ? 
  i do n't think even she knows the answer to these questions . 
  so yeah , not very well suited to run a shadow cabinet . 
  does le pen even have any sort of plan besides bashing the eu and pretending that leaving the euro would fix all of france 's woes ? 
  to be fair , though . 
  gorila . 
  ( slovak security service leaked a document just before the elections linking the current government and opposition parties to various oligarchs + the bribes they took/cash they embezzled ) . 
  to be fair , though . 
  gorila . 
  ( slovak security service leaked a document just before the elections linking the current government and opposition parties to various oligarchs + the bribes they took/cash they embezzled ) . 
  well the point is that it is unfair for ireland ( and any other nation ) to profit off loopholes in eu law that allow companies that make profits in places like germany , spain or france to get away with paying next to nothing in taxes to these countries ' budgets . 
  this is especially in light of the fact that ireland has received an eu bailout in 2011 . 
  do you think it unreasonable to have ireland stop these practices ? 
  but would n't an `` ireleave '' render your 0 tax rates moot without the access to eu markets ? 
  slovak or romanian instead of magyar ? 
  you can work many it jobs from anywhere . 
  because there are two types of people : those who care strongly and those who do n't care at all . 
  being able to score a couple hundred thousand votes would be attractive to any government . 
  why would the u.s be incomparable ? 
  czech republic has more violent crime per capita than serbia , belgium , canada , greece , slovakia , vietnam and surprise !, 
  the united kingdom . 
  so you 're the one with the made up bullshit mein freund . 
  even if it were true : correlation does not mean causation . 
  because i wore a white shirt today and it did n't rain does not mean my shirt controls the weather . 
  link me an article from the past year where an armed civilian stopped a crime in progress in czech republic . 
   it 's not only about magazine size its also about the slippery slope this keeps sliding down . 
  we as a society have progressed from point a , to today 's point b. 
  expecting gun laws to remain static , because you and people like you do not understand that if * they * are responsible , other irresponsible people 's action should not be held against them . 
  you are basically saying it 's not fair that just because other people can misuse a gun , that they are taking away your `` ability to misuse it yourself '' . 
  does it matter if you have 20 rounds , 50 rounds , 5 rounds or 9 rounds if you 're standing at a shooting range unloading ? 
  i doubt it matters as much as it would if you were shooting into a crowd of people . 
  and yes , you can illegaly acquire these items , but newsflash : * acquiring weapons on the black market is not easy !, 
  * a storeclerk that is fed up with shit and goes crazy will not have access to black market weaponry . 
  abdul that just came from iraq and does not speak czech will likewise not know where to look . 
   how about the eu / governments actually do their jobs properly on their end instead of shitting on law abiding people by taking the lazy route ? 
  what is the proper way ? 
  increasing police presence * literally everywhere * just in case ? 
  extensively spying on * literally everyone * just in case ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  was n't aware that a glock is just a fancy name for a rice cooker . 
  my apologies . 
  in fact , everyone should own a gun . 
  survival of the fittest is nature at work after all . 
  i 'm sure a small amount of people supports legalizing heroin or something equally as stupid . 
  this still does not make it an issue worthy of government action . 
   civilized country have right for self-defense in their constitution . 
  guess czech republic is n't civilised then . 
  reasonable force laws apply here . 
  the rest of your post is just mental gymnastics that fails to address the fundamental points that more guns in society do not reduce crime rates !, 
  just compare us violent crime per capita to any other european country . 
   predicts high chance od success ( 70 % ) , so we will see . 
  he 's talking out of his ass imo . 
  i 'm way more likely to be ran over by a bus than killed by an abdul . 
   czechs , who have similar views . 
  this is news to me . 
  barring a few 20 something year olds that think semi automatic guns are the coolest thing ever and country hicks , i 've never met someone who feels strongly about gun ownership freedoms . 
  and yet the earth wo n't stop spinning . 
  what ? 
  nobody i know gives two licks about gun ownership laws . 
  you 're right . 
  because everyone in europe has a 3d printer in their homes , plus the material sturdy enough to build a sturdy enough magazine that would withstand the recoil and maintain its ability to load the gun altogether . 
  dude . 
  obviously there is no problem and he just * knows it * for fact . 
  whatever you say is irrelevant , because he * likes * guns , therefore guns are * totally cool * . 
  i mean , if guns were n't cool , then he would n't like them . 
  it 's obvious .
