  expecting any real regulation or response from the eu is apparently folly . 
  no , instead lets focus on whether the 700 $ / month in payments to greek pensioners is ` lavish ' or not . 
  and i said the bailouts should n't have happened . 
   the only people being held responsible for anything are the taxpayers of bailout countries . 
  i would also add to this taxpayers in countries contributing money to create the loans -- but they have the ability to vote in people who wo n't give their money away stupidly . 
  and the ability to change leadership in the eu . 
  which should change . 
  but yes , the government represents the people and rules by the people , for the people . 
  if they fuck up , there ca n't be a disconnection between the government and the people . 
  implying that if people elected a guy that promised them 0 taxes , those people should then not take responsibility if the guy used borrow money to do it and defaulted . 
   you ca n't get blood from a stone . 
  nor create industry from no investment . 
  nor create investment without funds . 
  barring the giant tourist industry , there 's plenty of industry in greece . 
  but it 's nationalized , ineffective and creating loss . 
   yes , the people elected 5 years after the implementation of austerity , and who were in power for one month before the crisis kicked off , those are the guys responsible . 
  i do n't know how people can scapegoat syriza with a straight face and overlook that nd/pasok were the guilty parties . 
  for some reason , the people who caused the problem are preferable to those whose mandate is to fix it . 
  might that be ideology ? 
  i 'm not even a syriza fan !, 
  pasok messed up !, 
  yes !, 
  they should be held accountable !, 
  yes !, 
  but when a guy comes along and says : ` we will go back on our promises , stop paying the loans back and mooch off the eu ' and the guy wins * by a landslide * , then there is no more disconnecting the greek people from the greek crisis . 
   france was willing . 
  germany would maybe countenance a restructuring if t&c applied . 
  e european and balkan countries balked because of how they themselves were treated . 
  the imf wants debt relief , but not on its own debts . 
  nobody was looking at what would allow greece to escape its ultimate fate . 
  your point ? 
  i pointed out that every creditor has a say in the process . 
   of course , global financial crisis had nothing at all to do with it . 
  the global financial crisis only forced banks to call back on their loans . 
  greece already had unsustainable loans when the market crashed . 
  the financial crisis was not the root cause of the problem . 
   bailing out all the nations in dire straits because of financial institutions should have been the immediate response , whilst either restructuring those institutions or allowing them to go bust and implementing contingency plans to safeguard depositors money and assets . 
  i imagine the germans , french and eastern europeans would pay for all of this , so the italians , spaniards , greeks and portuguese can maintain their ` lavish ' pensions as you put it . 
  i 'm sure that would have gone over great with everyone . 
   i think that a banking system that can create money from nothing , hand it out at will , which is desperate for positive inflation , in danger of stagnation , and which is seeing many of its constituent customers drowning in debt , could figure out a way to restore order without resorting to further loans as the fix . 
  that banking system would n't give a crap . 
  it would move away from investments in the eurozone in favor of more stable economies , or would only loan out money at high interest rates . 
   removing the `` unaffordable '' part of the social programs ( eg . 
  raising taxes while cutting expenses , specially raising taxes the way they did , was madness . 
  when you are running a deficit , you need to raise taxes and/or cut expenses . 
  there is no alternative . 
  i would argue that lowering taxes and expanding expenses would have been madness . 
  you think it 's simple economics 101 . 
  ` oh , we 'll give the people more money and they will in return spend that money and drive the economy upwards because that 's how economy works ' . 
  money is n't magic , it does n't appear out of nowhere and there is absolutely zero validity in saying that loaning money so we can spend it will give us a net profit . 
  you need to create value and then re-invest those earnings . 
  money does not grow on trees - one has to make something to earn it . 
   that 's not even a reply to what i said . 
  dude , my argument was : greece is in a worse condition to pay now than she was before austerity . 
  are you saying greeks have already paid all their debts ? 
  lol ... no . 
  greece now is in a worse condition than greece in 2008 . 
  that 's true , but the reason for that is that greece loaned out money to fund its social programs and cover tax evasion . 
  greece now is in a * much better * condition than greece in 2011 would be had the ez declined bailing them out . 
   so , are we talking about payback or punishing ? 
  because if the goal is to payback , then austerity is a failure as all indicators have shown ; if the goal is to punish , then austerity is a failure because it 's the people being punished and not the politicians . 
  note that rejecting austerity is not the same as rejecting paying back ; it 's about rejecting a fiscal policy that does n't work and results in a higher debt-to-gdp situation ( as proven by data ) . 
  that 's a ridiculous statement . 
  austerity was ** unavoidable ** . 
  there was no option where greece would keep paying its citizens generous social welfare while keeping taxes down and/or tax fraud unpunished while everything remained hunky-dory . 
  you assume that anyone would willingly give greece any money just so greece could continue this suicidal cycle for eternity . 
  there 's more a country can do to become appealing to investors and increase its tax revenue than just ` not apply austerity ' ( whatever that means ) . 
   yes , punishing . 
  those were the exact words used by austerity advocates and that is their intent . 
  but anyway , you are ( again ) starting from the ( very wrong ) premise that austerity works as a method to pay debts . 
  i never said that . 
  austerity is a means to regulate state expenditure and to lower debt . 
  a healthy economy is one which can sustain its growth in face of increasing debt , but i am not sure greece was ever that kind of economy . 
  austerity is not means of punishment . 
  that 's a ridiculous notion . 
  cutting social benefits and raising taxes is harmful to the working class , nobody refutes that , but it 's not done with the intent of punishing the people , it 's supposed to get the deficit under control and start repaying the money borrowed . 
   not when applied to a weak economy during a recession . 
  when you do that , you get more debt ; not less . 
  as verifiable by all data :3 spending money on unsustainable policies is similar to throwing money into a bonfire . 
  especially in greece 's economy , where a significant portion of industry is state owned . 
   no it was n't . 
  but greece was prejudiced by european policies that were benefitial to the north but not the south ( i could write a book with examples , i would start with the subsidies to destroy vineyards ) , decades of corruption and oligarchy and is on a sorry state . 
  not as bad as post ww1 germany , but bad . 
  most of the eastern bloc countries were in much worse situations than greece was - financially or politically - and you know what they did to stay afloat ? 
  they did n't spend money they did n't have . 
    have n't read the document , but it 's understandable that if social benefits get cut and taxes raised , the native population will suffer . 
  i do n't think anyone expected the austerity measures to make life for citizens more comfortable . 
   exactly . 
  everyone expected austerity to make people less comfortable , less rich and the country less productive . 
  in short , everyone expected austerity to drain greece . 
  what everyone also expected was that greece would never be able to pay its debt trough austerity . 
  as well as any other piig . 
  until now , it checks out . 
  debt to gdp keeps rising and even thou we are at the end of a business cycle , the signs of recovery are , at best , very disappointing . 
  if removing generous unaffordable social programs drained the greek people so much , then maintaining them would have been even worse . 
  welfare does not pay for itself , it has to come from somewhere . 
    if german banks loaned out to the nations , it 's understandable that germany wants those investments returned and if it can push its political weight around to accomplish that - it will . 
   by pushing for austerity you are increasing the chances of not getting paid . 
  because you are increasing political instability , resentment against * your * country and increasing the debt-to-gdp ratio . 
  german banks have already been repaid .
