  greece loaned the money out themselves at low interest rates because they were in the eurozone . 
  thinking that eu forced loans on greece is a misconception . 
  czechneck means garlic in czech, 
  when everyone owns a house , the demand goes down , and so do the prices . 
  plenty . 
  if you 've worked for 30 years in a steel mill and it shut down , you have 0 experience in retail , thus you are unemployable by most standards . 
  this is very common in ee where the fall of the iron curtain and rise of globalisation made heavy industry unsustainable . 
  well over 30 % of slovakia 's industry in 1991 was heavy/manufactory . 
  also , when he was young the communist regime provided employment for everyone . 
  most westerners ca n't comprehend that . 
  before 1989 , you were guaranteed housing and employment . 
  iirc slovakia and hungary do n't recognize kosovo either . 
  on the other hand , they do n't want to annex it . 
  interesting thought , but i disagree . 
  a young unskilled worker will find employment easier than an old one . 
  it 's still subject to income tax ( 19 % in slovakia iirc ) , but you pay less into social security and health care . 
   our goverment is populist left . 
  they are basically sponsored by oligarchs , that are taking big state investments . 
  some time ago , one of the biggest , made some things under the price , restructuralised and is about to pay only 10 or 15 percents to the contractors . 
  noone is guilty , nothing happened but some contractors even commited suicude ( i personally know about one ) . 
  irrelevant to the topic at hand . 
  governments worldwide are corrupt . 
  this is not a problem specific to slovakia . 
   also , this goverment is buying the votes of gypsies and pensionists . 
  they are doing things like 13th pension etc. 
  , but their pension financing is falling apart . 
  people are getting old just too fast , so they are increasing minimal wage , why ? 
  because from the wage , you are sending the money to the pension system . 
  so as big percentage of the population is working for the minimal wage , they will have more money , for now . 
  but there is a bummerang effect : those people will get bigger pension . 
  who will pay it ? 
  nobody knows . 
  but if this wont work , we will just raise taxes even more . 
  it 's not falling apart . 
  the baby boomers and millenials are sufficiently funding the pension system at the moment . 
  natality rate is dropping , sure , and 30 or 40 years down the road there will be problems eventually , but once again , this is not a problem specific to slovakia . 
  birth rate is decreasing all over europe and the social systems will have to be revised everywhere . 
   also , as all leftists , this guys love to promote things like unions to the heaven . 
  what do the unions have to do with anything ? 
  they wanted 415 iirc , the employers offered 399 . 
  405 is closer to the employer offer , rather than the union 's . 
   to sum it up , year by year they are changing the legislative , raising/changing taxes and making more and more legislative nonsense , that is really killing the middle class . 
  mate , the middle class is doing fine . 
  i 'm sure everyone hates taxes and that a couple of the pm 's policies are questionable at best , but it 's not that bad . 
  it could be a lot better , i 'm sure , but the middle class is not dying out anytime soon . 
   for example : yesterday i was talking with guy . 
  he is young , had some money left by the family and openned one really sucesfull beer parlor around here . 
  some months ago , he was reconstructing and made a lot of business expenses . 
  now he wants 13k euro back from the state and all the control authorities that you can find in state are `` handling the door on his parlor to eachother . '', 
  i assume the 13,000 he is claiming is from the euro-funds , which is a bureaucratic nightmare , true . 
  but none of it is in any way connected to the argument that `` raising the minimum wage kills the middle class . '', 
  it does n't . 
  the middle class are in a lot of ways dependent on the lower class and its expenditure . 
  the more money the poor have , the better off the owner of your beer parlor will be , as more disposable income results in more purchases . 
  they pay less into the social system and health care programs than people who earn the average wage . 
  unemployment is relative . 
  thousands of jobs are vacant , there just are n't any people with the necessary qualification . 
  it wo n't impact the economy at all . 
  the employer union offered a ceiling of 399 as minimum wage . 
  405 is not high at all . 
  how does raising the minimum wage hurt the middle class ? 
  only a fraction of the people work for minimal wage as is . 
  overall , the effect of this decision is a net positive - economically and politically . 
  bullsh * t. low income families already have a reduction on most taxes . 
  400 is still too little to live on , even in slovakia . 
  easy fix . 
  the greeks voted to refuse an offer that was off the table the moment tsipras called the referendum . 
  them saying ` yes ' would 've had no impact whatsoever . 
  just an fyi . 
  mep elections have ~ 20 % population attendance . 
  the last thing your mep cares about is your opinion on a subject . 
  i hope it is n't cold in denmark or estonia . 
  i 'm sure cold winters are a dutch only thing . 
  why ca n't the government put them there , through ? 
  or at least four seasons if the ritz is n't haram enough . 
  well what are we supposed to do ? 
  give them our houses and live in the tents ourselves ? 
  it 's not like accommodation for 900 thousand people can pop out overnight . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  increasing food stamps allows people to spend more on knick-knacks . 
  it does n't mean that bringing in half million syrians and giving them a thousand each is a bigger drive for the economy than giving every german an equivalent amount . 
  the lower class , struggling to pay for their gas , rent and food does not drive the economy further . 
  that 's a ridiculous notion . 
  it 's the middle class that put their money into banks , so that it can be invested further , taking mortgages so construction workers have employment , buying electronics , so engineers and software developers have work etc. 
  a lot of people in india are poor , and they spend their income on necessities - food , electricity , water , rent - but they do n't drive economic growth . 
  the well off do that with their investments and purchases . 
  germany 's poor would n't differ . 
  if that was true , places like china and india would be the world 's most prosperous countries , while countries like liechtenstein , luxembourg and monaco poor and struggling . 
  a rich population is far more beneficial for a nation 's prosperity than a numerous one . 
  using your same exact argument : give more money to natives and they too will buy more stuff . 
  richer people spend more . 
  it has very little to do with the amount of spenders , and much more to do with each individual 's disposable income . 
  i feel like that is the cornerstone of his politics . 
  one that his rivals obviously ca n't match . 
   because border countries like austria did something happen to slovenia ? 
  i was more worried about missing a world war . 
   the italian election after world war 3 hold the phone . 
  did i miss something ? 
  because they are . 
  according to official statistics , only ~ 85 % of adults are literate ( numbers vary between 83,2 - 86,7 ) .
