  there 's 50 of them , in fact . 
  yeah , you got ta pop that + rt policy . 
   so russia is literally an eu4 style merchant republic ? 
  putin must be a 6/6/6 already , though i imagine by now the republic flipped into a republican dictatorship . 
  sounds like a great strategy . 
  `` our beer tasted like shit all along ! '', 
  not by funding perhaps , but by manpower certainly . 
  if eu states combined their armies overnight , they would be ( on paper ) the strongest military force on the planet . 
  waving your sticks around and dropping bombs on people is easy . 
  what europe did in lybia can attest to that much . 
  the issues we face however can not be solved by military might alone , unless you plan on shooting anyone who dares cross the border illegally north korea style . 
  slovakia earns millions due to its status as a transfer country . 
  if ` eustream ' profits , that does n't necessarily mean slovakia does . 
  we 're still buying russian gas , just independent of ukraine 's pipeline . 
  in a way , i realize it 's not croatia 's fault , that you 're acting by a self-preservationist policy and all . 
  but at the same time , i do n't think just pushing the problem away ( into slovenia or hungary ) without so much as trying is proper . 
  of course they were . 
  just not in croatia . 
  it 's easy to compare statistics , but a systematic shift away from agriculture can be potentially disastrous . 
  `` hurr durr agriculture unprofitable ! '', 
  is one thing , but having 13 % of your workforce unemployed is another . 
  most of poland 's farmers are between 40 - 50 years old , unemployable outside of their field ( pardon the pun ) and too old to seek requalification . 
  if ukraine is at war with russia , then why do you buy gas and petrol from them , why do you tolerate its embassy in kiev and why do n't you militarily attack russian territory ? 
  because you 're not at war with russia , however you may want to spin that story . 
  i do n't deny that there 's russian military equipment and russian soldiers in ukraine , but it 's still civil war . 
   also , your voivodeship might want to re-evaluate it 's regional strategy , agriculture is very low profit business no matter how much funds you try to pump into it 13 % of poland 's labour force works in agriculture . 
  you ca n't just shut it down . 
  okay . 
  there is one now , though . 
  what would my relationship with / u/thelazylynx have to do with ukraine 's civil war ? 
  i gave up after 10 minutes . 
  sure . 
  and the civil war that caused ukraine 's military expenditures to skyrocket coupled with the loss of eastern industry taxes had nothing to do with anything . 
  i wonder if that means that buying my service in romania would be better , as the tariff is less and the prices equal wherever in europe i am . 
  not really , the opposite is true if anything . 
  under communism , there was 1 telecommunications operator for the entire country who held a monopoly on the entire market . 
  and then that company and all of its networking was privatized off to the germans or the french . 
  my hypothetical ? 
  oil production is still profitable for private companies , it 's when your companies are state owned and oil production accounts for a sizeable amount of your country 's income that you have a problem . 
  liquid assets are assets that can be easily converted into cash without the loss of their value , in most cases stock and government bonds , maybe gold even . 
  having 10 $ worth of stock will always net you 10 $ , while having 15 $ of lumber would n't land you 15 $ if you wanted to sell it all at once , since with every 1 $ of lumber sold , the commodity value of lumber would drop due to an overabundance of lumber on the market , so you would earn less than your lumber is worth . 
  that being said , i do n't know if russian foreign assets are liquid or not . 
   they do n't get to impose their religious views on others though . 
  `` separate but equal '' is not equal . 
  how are they imposing their religious views on anyone ? 
  they were asked whether they support or oppose it and they oppose it . 
  it 's weird how little ` shit ' countries like estonia , romania , slovakia , hungary and the likes can have cheaper and faster internet than germany or the uk . 
  1gbits in my home town costs about 15 $ / mo , where i live now , i could have 300/30mbits for 20 $ / mo from a german company , while in germany the same service from the same company costs twice as much for 100mbits . 
  or how french orange can give me 250/15mbits for 12 $ / mo. 
  the french themselves would pay double for the same speeds . 
  well , i guess there 's upsides to everything . 
  a lot of catholics ( read : not protestants or calvinists ) do n't like the word ` marriage ' being used to describe the union between same sex partners . 
  offer them to call it something else and they wo n't care . 
  it 's really a matter of how people view the definition . 
  i 'm not disputing that . 
  i 'm just saying that the ` core ' of imperialism is a large military . 
  i assume by ` core ' you mean military might . 
  i 'm sure nasa does not make a profit . 
  but unlike roscosmos , nasa nowadays ( since the cancellation of the space shuttle program ) is more about space research and the development of new technologies . 
  roscosmos is mostly about building rockets and sending them to orbit - which is admirable and necessary by its own - but there 's little chance of investment returns ( nasa 's carbon wires , polymers and the like ) . 
  the soviet union was a powerful empire , while most people living there were anything but rich . 
  the british empire relied on indian/se asian exploitation , rome practiced slavery all across its empire . 
  'em pires ' do n't really have a good track record when it comes to individual human rights . 
  the soviet union was a powerful empire , while most people living there were anything but rich . 
  the british empire relied on indian/se asian exploitation , rome practiced slavery all across its empire . 
  'em pires ' do n't really have a good track record when it comes to individual human rights . 
  okay . 
  the renault 9 was fairly decent . 
  a 1986 renault is reliable , but that does n't mean it 's cost efficient or the best car to get around on . 
  the rocket carrying the pod is 14 years old and uses analog systems . 
  that 's correct , but they are using ancient equipment and operating at a loss , all for the sake of international prestige . 
  that 's how most russians are . 
  they prefer to live poorer lives in a strong , powerful empire than be relatively well off in a random unimportant nation . 
  they are simply overly nationalistic and take pride in their nation , often at the expense of their own comfort . 
  you wo n't fool me . 
  i 've seen lord of the rings . 
  disposable income in the us is nice until you get sick or injured . 
  i 'm not sure what you exactly mean by that . 
  hey , hey !, 
  we 're doing france here . 
  stop troyes to change it . 
  of corse it is , i 'm not lyon . 
  i do n't like change !, 
  you need to lorient that anger at your government . 
  they 're the ones metz-ing stuff up . 
  but caen you think of a third one , though ? 
  that 's a fallacy . 
  they may ` want ' to work , but in most cases , they do n't realize they are unemployable . 
  the general idea these people generally have is that they will be able to find ( easy ) work for big pay and live like the tourists they see in their own countries or like in those stories on facebook . 
  the reality is different . 
   as a final question that remains to be answered : what other `` sane '' country will accept the `` unwanted '' mass ? 
  have n't you heard ? 
  all of them will !, 
  like those ` russians ' raised in ukraine ? 
  a lot of americans are ethnically english and speak english , your point ? 
  greece has empty , unused islands . 
  use those . 
  on average , the ruble is better for anal hygiene as you get more of it than the amount of toilet paper you could realistically buy . 
   luxury train what ? 
  if poland re-locates their refugee camps to the german border , all the refugees will do is just cross over .
