  this is interesting . 
  how could cali , who is a net contributor to the federal budget end up bankrupt ? 
   morocccan submarine disbelief - suspended . 
  nato might , europe should n't . 
  after all , the eu has a separate defense clause . 
  but arkansas ca n't independently take out loans on the market , then default on said loans and ask for more . 
  it can only spend as much as it 's given , which is a major difference . 
   including throughout cold war mostly to the eastern bloc and friendly aligned countries though . 
  to be fair , the soviet union had done its fair share of meddling in africa , asia and south america themselves . 
  saying `` usa did x '' is fine , but without the proper context it 's just disingenuous . 
  let 's make a list , shall we ? 
  because it 's significantly poorer . 
  because it 's less populous . 
  because it lacks any naval presence . 
  because it 's more or less internationally isolated . 
  because it 's the successor state to a defeated nation . 
  because it has no real soft power to speak of . 
  because the last famous thing they invented was tetris honestly , just take your pick . 
  which is ridiculous !, 
  in czech republic you can get 2l bottles for close to 30 or 40 cents . 
  and then some say that evian is n't expensive . 
  taiwan and prc both claim each other 's territory as successors to `` china '' proper . 
  it 's a bit more complex than just `` muh clay '' . 
  because it 's specific and rarely enforced . 
  meanwhile `` blasphemy '' is so vague it could apply to anyone at any time . 
   but you can also land in prison in many european countries for being politically incorrect besides `` denying the existence of holocaust to incite public unrest in germany '' give me one example . 
  i suppose nobody imagined leaving out of the blue when neither parties - government nor opposition - expected to actually leave the union . 
   alcoholics also save money by dying young saves no money . 
  if you want to be cynical , then dying at the cusp of the age of retirement is the best way to save money on pensions and healthcare . 
   we have 1 euro beers in bars fucking mr moneybags here . 
  but i can travel to ireland and then sneak into the uk ez pz . 
  how can you be so chill about this on the one hand , but on the other are so deathly afraid of polish carpenters working for less than british ones . 
  i 'm fairly sure it 's not . 
  the only requirements are those set by the eu that you 'd have to follow anyways , whatever the label . 
  russia is n't really , but it 's enough of a shithole to deter even the most simple of refugees . 
    because they dare disagree with the government 's actions or policies . 
    waving flags of a country which is ( arguably ) in a war with russia on a russian holiday is ` disagreeing with the government 's actions ? ', 
    til . 
  it 's a symbolic gesture . 
  similar to how we were dangling keys , the germans breaking walls , or the gays waving rainbow flags . 
  today you learned indeed   okay , next time i want to disagree with georgian government i will wave soviet flags at 9th april . 
   do so . 
  and if a georgian police officer beats you up , i will be equally as opposed to it on your behalf . 
    or is crimea different ? 
    yes because first of all , russian in cream were majority , this guy is meaningless minority at best . 
   russians were a majority in ukraine ? 
  or is a part of a nation allowed to secede because of different ethnicities ? 
  why does russia ban its separatist movements ? 
  why the chechen war ? 
   secondly , russians in crimea did n't disrespect their country , from their point of view , their country have always been russia , and from historical background , they have a point . 
   never had their passports said ssr russia so no . 
  it was n't . 
    can not just get up and leave because disagreements . 
     good , then he can disagree , but respect russia and its people and do n't wave flag of enemy of russia in the middle of russian holiday . 
   why not ? 
  oh because you get beaten and arrested , right . 
   is n't it simple ? 
     country is subject to criticism   not if you live in a said country . 
    you do n't like ? 
  good for you , leave . 
    or respect it . 
    soviet union was n't homeland for maybe 99 % of its population . 
   ah , yes . 
  the cherry picking , the difference . 
  ...   do you russians not realize the fundamental wrongs you are commiting ? 
    who is ` you russians ' ? 
   i 'm assuming you . 
   how would you feel if some idiot started waving soviet flags during czech independence day ? 
  czechslovakia was not a soviet republic . 
   i do n't know about you , but if there was a guy with soviet/russian flags on georgian independence day , i will be there among people who beats him up . 
  ... jesus christ on a motorbike , people beat each other up all the time for any bullshit reasons , but you ca n't justify police officers and government security services arresting , assaulting and extorting russian citizens simply because they dare disagree with the government 's actions or policies . 
  for fuck 's sake , do you russians not realize the fundamental wrongs you are commiting ? 
   if you do n't like a country and its people and culture , that is not country 's problem , that is yours and got ta solve it with getting your ass out of it . 
  naturally . 
  why did n't the russian crimeans leave to russia then ? 
  or is crimea different ? 
  or why did n't the reds leave tsarist russia instead . 
  your argument is retarded . 
   but that is n't problem of russia , that is his problem , he can and should leave anytime he wants and go to wherever he likes and feels better . 
  he has commitments , investments , properties , whatever held in russia , and can not just get up and leave because disagreements . 
   or just , shut the fuck up and respect russia . 
  russia , and the russian people supporting putin 's russia can be respected as human beings , but their opinions can only be held in scorn by anyone raised west of the don river . 
   you should n't disrespect a country you live in , period ... any country is subject to criticism by its people or by other people . 
  how dared the russians topple the soviet union . 
  how dared the kazakhs or ukrainians leave ?!, 
  such betrayal . 
  they should have stayed in the union against their benefits because `` respect '' . 
  oh god you 're so wrong, 
  kurwa is an internationalism, 
  i believe religion is the last reason why eu would not take in albania or bosnia . 
  poor guy 's political career is toast . 
  that hypothesis is waaaay out there . 
  why on earth would china want to conquer europe ? 
  what would they possibly do with it ? 
  to the victor go the spoils . 
  since 2004 , hungarians are free to leave but they seem to like it here all the same . 
  in some cases prefer it even . 
  does n't really matter anyways . 
  everything is globalized nowadays . 
  it symbolises ... what exactly ?
