  australia . 
  which is a landmass separate from everywhere , on the southern part of the southern hemisphere where the only place people could come from are those couple islands to their north is not exactly the same as europe , who borders asia , the middle east and africa - the poorest and most unstable regions currently in existence . 
   i can point to afghanistan , congo , rwanda , somalia and tons more . 
  they 're farther away than `` just miles '' ( poor turkey ) and yet , ( western ) europe is , as always , paying the price for their and america 's fuck ups . 
  distance is relative . 
  europe is far far closer and more accessible via smuggling routes for these people than anything else . 
  do you expect them to swim to japan or usa when they can literally walk through unguarded borders in africa and hop on a 30 minute boat ride to get to europe ? 
  you 're missing the broader perspective . 
   a magical wand that is border control , huh ? 
  spain manages to do it rather well , they would do an even better job with support from the entire union which it lacks . 
  the greek-turkish border is n't , nor should it be the standard . 
  border control is fine , if you have places to send these people to . 
  and , well , surprise surprise , syria is not an exactly functioning state at the moment . 
  i imagine should morocco fall to civil war , the fabled ` spanish system ' would be equally as defective as anything . 
  ca n't speak for the brits , but i imagine there 's not much space to put huge ass wind turbines in large quantities in the low countries . 
  that 's a matter of funding , but not a matter of * ability * which was something the post i reacted to implied . 
  that 's a silly statement to make . 
  are you really implying that a conflict in syria , just miles away from the nearest eu members should n't affect us more than south korea or australia - countries on the other side of the planet ? 
  unless you have a magical wand that 'd fix everything , then we will be affected by everything that happens near us , which unfortunately for us includes the middle east and northern africa . 
  we can pretend that everything 's fine , [ but ... ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/018/012/screen_shot_2015-05-12_at_3.31.31_pm.png ), 
  there is no effective migration policy in the current political climate . 
  what are you going to do ? 
  sink the boats and let the people drown ? 
  round them up and send them back to the warzone ? 
  build camps on the borders for close to 20 million people ? 
  there is no easy solution , as much as we 'd like to cover our eyes and pretend otherwise . 
  it should be europe 's business if one of our neighbours goes down under under civil war . 
  an unstable border is just asking for trouble , pretending that things beyond the eu do n't affect us would be prudent only if we were willing to take extreme measures like keeping people away by force and cracking heavily on smuggling . 
  it 's practically a double red stripe . 
  it more than doubles the velocity output of the rocket . 
   i am just trying to understand why people think the esa could actually achieve a moon base , given their current level of funding , and lack of implementing any massive space project since their inception ( moon landing , space station , ect ) . 
  to be fair ; they landed a probe on a frickin ' comet . 
  that 's not a particularily easy feat . 
  the pm said slovakia knew about it and agreed , but the slovak defense minister refused to comment if he actually approved or even knew . 
  in any case , it 's completely possible that the slovak side was misled and changed their position on it . 
  after all , people saying one thing and doing another is common place in the world of politics . 
  only you 'll get less foreign currency for your ruble than you would 2 years ago . 
  how is that solid financial advice ? 
  who needs economy when russia has stronk ? 
  oooh !, 
  oooh !, 
  i have one . 
  q : how do you stop a hungarian army on horseback ? 
  a : turn off the carousel . 
  but you forget that there 's still the civil war thing going on . 
  so . . yeah . 
  obviously . 
  the bundeswehr has long upgraded to mops . 
  geez people , get it right for once . 
  really . 
  i want to know why you think the austrians , as a nation that was deemed agressor in wwi suffered far worse than they should have , alternatively suffered under czech rule so badly they were basically forced to betray the czech . 
   i firmly belive that crimeans have more to say about crimea than kiev . 
  i belive ukraines have more to say about ukraine than eu . 
  what legitamacy had the revolution ? 
  infuse a revolution any time politicians lie to you ? 
  do i have more to say about my back yard than my country ? 
  am i free to store nuclear waste there ? 
  perhaps run a terrorist training camp ? 
  maybe invite the russians to annex it ? 
   the casus belli for russia was that they did not give legitimacy to the new goverment instated using brute force . 
  only putin and russia did accept the new government as a legitimate one . 
  you 're spewing nonsense . 
   okay so you would say that britian 1776 was a democracy in the same sence as ukraine ? 
  regarding it not being an empire even if i should be wrong i do not see the relevance in it . 
  `` the empire '' came after the treaty of ghent and conquering india . 
  it was n't much of an empire before . 
  the relevance is that you do n't know such a basic fact but insist on stating that the british empire , which was not an empire , was in fact not a democracy . 
  it had a parliament ( which , granted was much different than today 's definition ) since 1260s !, 
   here mister you do realize they are talking about rumors and hearsay , right ? 
  no actual facts or evidence is presented . 
  or was this just the first thing you found on google without bothering to check it ? 
   denying the right to self-determination is a huge crime . 
  self determination originating from a freshly born concept in the wake of a massive world war that saw the fall of monarchism in europe . 
  but all you can see is ` muh freedom ' . 
  and by the by , were the austrians equally as concerned about self-determination of their non-german subjects , or did this topic only become prominent in 1918 when they surrendered ? 
  oh , sure , for a couple hundred years , the habsburgs are free to suppress revolts and nationalism , but the moment they are prevented from joining with one of wwi 's aggressors in a united state , they are being unfairly treated and harmed by the international community . 
  such injustice . 
   wikipedia also has a nice part about policies affecting ethnic germans in the czechoslovak republic . 
  from the wikipedia :  according to the 1920 constitution , german minority rights were to be protected ; their educational and cultural institutions were to be preserved in proportion to the population . 
  czech soldiers , policemen and bureaucrats were stationed in areas formerly inhabited only by germans . 
  the czech state is sending czech bureaucrats . 
  how diabolical . 
   they took part in the first elections of 1920 , and six years later in 1926 the first german was a minister ( robert mayr-harting and franz spina ) and the first german party was part of the government ( german christian social people 's party and farmers ' league ) , so they just got used to feeling themselves as czechoslovak citizens . 
  '' [ 27 ] under-represented . 
  the poor sudeten germans in a constitutional democracy where everyone was allowed to vote . 
  gee , i wonder how were they so unrepresented when they controlled 1/3 of the vote . 
  a jewish conspiracy , i 'm sure . 
   minority laws were most often applied to create new czech schools in german districts , sometimes only for civil servants who had relocated to the area . 
  government contracts in the area were frequently carried out by czech companies . 
  the use of the czech language in the german-speaking regions was actively promoted , which led , among other incidents , to a `` sign war '' between the czech hikers club ( k\u010ct ) and local germans in the krkono\u0161e . 
  schools for czech inhabitants that educate kids in czech in czechoslovakia . 
  oh dear o dear , an act of terror unheard of in the anals of history . 
  will nobody stop the bloodthirsty czechs ? 
  but wait , it gets worse ...  german-speakers , owing to numerous subsidized local theatres , were required to open them to the czech-speaking minority one night a week . 
  oh the humanity !, 
   sudeten german industry , highly dependent on foreign trade and having close financial links with germany , suffered badly during the depression , particularly when banks in germany failed in 1931 . 
  czechs , whose industry was concentrated on the production of essential domestic items , suffered less . 
  by the mid-1930s , unemployment in the sudetenland was at about five times the level of the czech-speaking areas . 
  tensions between the two groups resulted . 
  blame the czechs .
