  john crow laws ? 
  women 's disenfranchisement ? 
  ignoring over 80 % of your populace isnt democracy and certainly does not preserve individual citizen rights as you implied before . 
   france leaving eu will have much bigger consequences , but i do n't think many people have necessary knowledge to speak about it iv . 
  reich would n't be even that bad imo . 
  how about : `` you won !, 
  get over it . 
  ask a poor person what 's better : 1 . 
  to recieve more money as a direct subsidy ? 
  to remove obstructions that would allow for earning of more money ? 
  and ask him to defend his/her opinion . 
  i guarantee you that poor people know what they want , but nothing about how to achieve it . 
   think british empire slavery , colonial exploitation , boer concentration camps , irish potato famine , chinese resettlements , cyprus bombings , partitions of india , kenyan concentration camps , bengal famine  roman republic punic wars , salting of carthago , slave trade , military expansionism , genociding jews during the jewish rebellion all hail the emperor . 
  well then how can you say that greece was a country without communism when it had one of the longest occuring communist insurgencies in the balkans ? 
  should the czechs never trust poles then ? 
  you did annex zalozie without any issue when hitler offered . 
  by 1929 it cost way way waaaaaaay more to put down the various revolts in portuguese colonies than any hypothetical colonial income brought into the state budget . 
  and portugal had no strong industrial base to refine angolan goods into different products that they could resell at profit . 
   it was n't a country with communism you do realize that there was a joint effort between * nazi-germany * and * great britain * to defeat the communist insurgency in greece , do you not ? 
  and that you fought a 4 year war between monarchists and communists between 46 and 49 ? 
  not really , no . 
  bohemia was the industrial heartland in the 1860s and 1870s because all the coal mines were in bohemia . 
  by 1929 , it was far more balanced . 
  a lot of my countrymen love to give slovaks flak for being uneducated peasants , but by the 1900s , they were n't . 
  consider different factors . 
  you * have to * pay rent , utilities and food , so that 's about 500 $ off your paycheck just there ( 100 would be utilities w / internet , a 1 bedroom apt . 
  outside of the centre and some basic nourishment ) . 
  considering numbeo 's avg . 
  disposable income after tax is ~ 650eur , that leaves you with 150eur , and you have still yet to conver any extra expenses , such as transportation , mortgage , recreation , clothes shopping ( as it is not feasible for clothing items to endure forever ) and others . 
  really , i would consider 12 $ to be a very steep price for a political movement . 
  if you consider 750 to be the * average * wage ( implying that a lot of people probably earn a lot less , due to the disparity of people in high positions earning many times that amount ) , then consider that 12 $ is one restaurant dinner or an imax ticket , it turns out that it 's a lot of money . 
  just as a comparison . 
  avg . 
  wage in my town is around 900 $ , an imax ticket costs 6 - 8 $ and a full course meal 6 $ at most ( 4 $ being the most common price tag ) . 
  i 'm sorry , but considering those kinds of expenses at those income rates , yes 12 $ is * a lot * of money . 
  not any more expensive that any other kebab joint/fast food chain . 
  so that 's definitely not the reason . 
  i 'm 99.99 % sure that you can get free refills in ikea . 
  sugary drinks included . 
   because of their state debt which exploded from nearly nothing at end of commie era to 60 + % of gdp by now debt in the old eastern bloc ( and ussr ) was mostly held in goods and towards each other . 
  any trade between the east & the west was pre-paid in us dollars or german marks , and thus there rarely was any debt involved . 
  thus after the dissolution of the eastern bloc , the debt was settled or just x 'd out . 
  for example , russia transferred 12 mig-29s to slovakia in 2002 ( ? ), 
  to settle debt owed . 
  the us has military interests in se asia , the me and na . 
  europe ( barring france and the uk ) mostly has no commitments outside its own borders . 
  it 's natural that you spend more . 
  i do n't recall any eu member state ever triggering article 50 and dragging other nato states into a war . 
  but naturally , if the eu expects the us to go along with an already established system ( that is arguably , skewed against the us , but let 's be fair , it 's not like even a trickle of what you spend on military funding is used in europe ) , they are the bad guy . 
  ttip was n't a case of lobbying for protectionism or hating on tariff free goods exchange . 
  imagine if your country struck a deal that instead of having your steering wheel mounted on the left , or right , it will now be mounted in the center of the vehicle , because that is fair towards all sides . 
  hardly the same thing . 
  oh , by no means is it fault of the british * people * , the * mentality * of some of the high brass politicians on the other hand ... 
   i did n't say anything contrary to that . 
  just pointing out that there is no way to stop the flow of refugees ( as things stand now ) without the turkish agreement ( and subsequent goodwill ) . 
  would n't be so sure about that . 
  the brits lust for potatoes and i hear ireland has some . 
  better watch your back . 
  the eu ca n't do shit in the aegan , since there is no way for greek ( or any other ) ships to force the refugees to turn around , and when they hypothetically caputure them , they ca n't be returned to turkey by force , since that would be encroaching on turkey 's sovereignity . 
  literally the only way you could return them to turkey without turkey 's say so would be to make them want to cross the borders back into turkey . 
  which , let 's face it , is not a possibility , unless you do it under threat of violence . 
  afaik the deal with turkey only means they patrol the seas and take back refugees that cross . 
  similar to something the spaniards have with morocco . 
  suuuure . 
  world police equals dropping smart bombs on arabs living in hovels , while being fearful of russia 's actions in europe and consequently exasperated at america 's complete inaction as a result is equivalent to whining like a petulant 6 year old . 
   currently the uk 's interests are more aligned with the us this i do n't get . 
  how are the uk 's interests in line with the us 's ? 
  do you * want * to bomb arabs in deserts ? 
  does the uk seriously think that americans will outsource their tech jobs or manufacturing jobs overseas ? 
  why would they do that , considering trump promises to bring back jobs for americans , cancel ft deals and establish high tariffs on all imports ? 
  it 's bonkers to think you stand to gain * anything * from sucking america 's dingus . 
  i srsly do n't get this arrangement . 
   no gain ? 
  they got to re-live the glory days of the empire . 
  you ca n't put a price-tag on that . 
  slovakia/hungary are only paying lip service to the voting base . 
  it 's easy to pretend you are pro-trade with russia , and thus the heavily hypothetical economic benefits that would arise from it ( srsly , slovakia 's export to russia was 3.6 % , while imports from russia were over double that ( 7.6 % in 2014 ) , which really benefitted russia way more than it benefitted slovakia . 
  back to the point , tho . 
  it 's very favorable to present yourself as someone who supports russian trade but has his hands tied by outside influences . 
  a win-win scenario for the pm . 
  land borders are easy to close . 
  it 's the maritime border that can not be locked down . 
  bohemia , moravia and/or silesia . 
  czechia just triggers me . 
  if you `` tie '' your currency to the euro , literally nothing will change . 
  the clue is in the name . 
  why not ? 
  a monetary union between germany , france , spain , the netherlands , belgium and other minor states still sounds appealing . 
  it 's not like you look at that list and say `` well , there 's no italy there , so it 's pointless ! '', 
   or they could just declare new currency : euro 1:1 and stiff you anyway . 
  edit : 4 . 
  can also be taken as a veiled threat to italy . 
  brilliant . 
  why does n't north korea think of that ? 
  simply declare 1 nk won : 1bln eur and buy the whole world !, 
  astonishingly brilliant , my good sir !, 
  afaik they defaulted and only settled for 1/5th of the total debt owed . 
  note that the russians had orders to take lubeck , which was past the agreed territorial split . 
   the promised to allow eu citizens here the rigth to stay if the eu did the same for brits in the eu they were turned down with the usual `` enact article 50 ! '', 
  eu citizens have every rights to live in the uk , as do uk citizens have every right to live in any eu country .
