  * the president names the pm . 
  he/she can not dismiss the pm however . 
  together , they then nominate the other ministers . 
  the president can dismiss the others as long as long as the pm agrees . 
  * with help from the cabinet , the president names numerous government officials . 
  * the president takes limited influence on the constitutional court 's personnel . 
  * the president can pardon criminals or lessen their sentences . 
  back during the time of the death penalty , those sentenced to death would often ask that the president lower their sentence to life in prison . 
  was that a joke ? 
  an insult ? 
  a compliment even ? 
  whatever it was , it failed completely . 
  well done . 
  i am completely aware what the reference is . 
  but the red pill movement used the term before the far right . 
  the far right took it straight over . 
  disagree ? 
  as in , i view their values as deeply barbaric and i am lead to think by their social skills ( or , to be more precise , lack thereof ) that all of them are desperate 28-year-old neckbeard virgins ? 
  yes . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  the abrams is pretty dope really . 
  we always have neutral northern viking territory to fall back on , we can give away a bit of raum here and there . 
  yeah , no . 
  * woke * is a word invented by the ever-so cool youth and should have stayed that way . 
  * red-pilled * meanwhile is a term that the reactionary far-right movements took straight from misogynistic forces like theredpill ( you see what i mean ) that they , in their claims to protect western values and society , should stay away from , as it delegitimizes their movement even more than their babbling orange-painted leader does . 
  and both are absolutely stupid . 
  i appreciate the somewhat high quality post , but i 'd suggest to the mod that we at least tone back on the french election polls content for now . 
  it 's only two days to go . 
  soon enough , we will know . 
  the czechs join the crazy politics club . 
  being a turkish citizen is not against the law in germany last i checked . 
  your utterly nationalistic ideological views will not change that and i am glad they do n't . 
  but good to know how opposed to freedom you are . 
  alright , let me rephrase : there is no * valid * reason to deny the votes to turks . 
  being a supporter of democracy , popular will , to me means that there is no such thing as an eternal law . 
  changing a constitution can not and should not be easy , but it should be possible . 
  the turks wanted this change . 
  they voted yes . 
  they took the rightful opportunity we gave them to vote no and they did not take it . 
  just because you do n't like the results , that does n't delegitimize the vote . 
  baguette, 
  if you ask me , they do and they need to . 
  i guess that 's an ideological question . 
  that is naive . 
  denying the turks the right to vote would have been a fundamental breach of individual rights and freedoms . 
  by denying the vote , we would have become more complicit in the result of the referendum than by simply offering our turkish population the chance to boycott the vote voluntarily . 
  i love how you draw a nazi comparison ( also , the term is * machtergreifung * ) but then try to deny the people the right to vote . 
  democracy works - and has to work - even if you do n't like the results . 
  short-sighted . 
  idiotic . 
  the new turkish constitution ? 
  a crime to intellectual thought and freedom . 
  but humans need to be free to give up their own freedom . 
  the stupidity of these results does n't change the results . 
  i disagree - there was no reason to not let the turks in germany vote on the referendum reform . 
  of course they ended up fucking the turks at home while being comfortably over in central europe , but `` change of political system '' is not equal to `` let 's bring back something clearly shamed by international law '' . 
  people in your neighborhood are more safe than the middle east , give me a break . 
  your governments keep wasting money , resources and american lives in stupid wars . 
  and now the refugees these stupid wars cause are our problem as the american people vote yet another asshole into office . 
  thanks for that . 
  it is . 
  it however also is far more urban than germany is on average , so i 'd expect the result to be a good bit more liberal than the generals in september , both economically ( favoring fdp ) and socially ( disadvantaging afd and giving spd an edge over the cdu ) . 
  alright , enough fun , greece , back to w\u00f6rk, 
  yeah , the atheist/progressive vote probably is the tougher cliff to climb . 
  it 's gon na be a long wait . 
  * goes visit the buddies in croatia *, 
  even if , no money needed - sweden will pay for it . 
  make it a meme . 
   melenchon has been in politics for 30 years in countless election . 
  stop being in denial . 
   melenchon has been in politics for 30 years in countless election . 
  stop being in denial . 
   melenchon has been in politics for 30 years in countless election . 
  stop being in denial . 
  melenchon has been in politics for 30 years in countless election . 
  stop being in denial . 
  tour de france ( in the french original le tour de gaule ) has something magical about it and i ca n't quite identify what it is ( possibly all the discovery and the constant travelling rather than the usual go there -  do it -  come back to the village formula ) , but it 's by far my personal favorite . 
  exit polls hold the same value to the french election process as my most recent fart . 
  because these two parties have different positions . 
  brothers and sisters are natural enemies !, 
  did you fist someone afterwards or did you not care enough ? 
  yes , this is the same reality in which we already saw russian military invasions into the sovereign territories of georgia and ukraine . 
  our airspaces are constantly breached by their strategic bombers , which are capable of carrying nukes straight to our capital cities . 
  russia can not be trusted . 
  disarmament is not the answer . 
  that is exactly what they want to do and would already have done it they had had the chance . 
  no , as a fuck-you to jesus . 
  these posts are getting lower and lower in effort . 
  just do n't . 
   `` blyat rush b blyat '' thats the one, 
  it 's the only way to sip tea . 
  stiffen that upper lip and get it over with . 
   you 're just worse austria duwasbrudi, 
   austria : better germany alright , you 've done it now . 
  the hair , the expression , the clothing and of course the cigarette . 
  this is one of the most french men i 've ever seen . 
  our adoptive son that we will always protect when serbia bullies them . 
  that too . 
  i meant the two flags i mentioned . 
  to me , its like the red of latvia and the red of austria .
