  very much so . 
  spain was a minor power up until the end of franco . 
  arguably , it still is , being the eu 's # 5 . 
  good old 1900s europe , made up of six nations : germany , britain , france , italy , russia and irrelevancy . 
  the greatest national disgrace my fatherland has produced . 
  literally worse than hitler . 
  ^ ^ hitler ^ ^ was ^ ^ austrian ^ ^ anyway ^ ^ lol, 
  that alliance with putin will surely teach erdogan some methods to creatively get rid of opposition leadership . 
  and it remains to be shown as to why these germans were not expelled . 
  240,000 germans is a far too high number of being collaborators . 
  unless the czechoslovaks were really lenient in applying the quoted laws/edicts . 
  there were jews surviving the holocaust as well , and you do n't hear germans go `` see , we only killed the * bad ones * '' . 
  following the trend of displacing millions of people does n't provide communist governments with a moral edge over the fascistic ones . 
  `` did not commit offenses against the czech or slovak nation and either took part in the liberation of czechoslovakia or were subject to nazi or fascist terror '' and how was this enforced by the soviet/czech-communist occupation forces ? 
  citation needed, 
  asking the important questions . 
  it 's almost as if nuance is a thing . 
  again , no . 
  your poor behavior does not replace historical sources . 
  it is true that the spanish republic was supported by a left-wing front consisting of communists and anarchists , but the major force within said front were democratic socialists and social democrats . 
  the same is reflected in the volunteers aiding the spanish republic in its struggle . 
  it is true that the ussr aided the spanish republic primarily in order to aid the communists , but people like the mexican government , the lincoln batallion and the mackenzie-papineau battalion fought for democracy and against fascism . 
  so , you `` fuckwit '' , if you wish to debate me , get on my level first . 
  with a source for this outlandish claim of impending communism in case of republican victory for example . 
  i congratulate you on finding an ironic username however . 
  france banned the french communist party ( not communism ) in 1939 under imminent threat by the molotov-ribbentrop pact and the pcf was allowed to participate in the political process once again after the liberation of france from german occupation in 1944 . 
  it is simply a false equivalency . 
  japan and italy both allowed communists to participate after the fall of their respective fascistic governments . 
  neither of them would overly regret the decision . 
   there was a very real chance that the republic would turn communist . 
  citation needed . 
   plus imagine if there was a strong communist state in the west . 
  spain was not a great power in 1936 and arguably has never been since . 
  their economic and industrial statistics tell us as much . 
   the cold war would have been far different . 
  citation needed . 
  the cold war already had an isolated spanish state almost all the way through . 
  this spanish state working for the reds would n't have changed much at all . 
  the fact that you quote your grades and not historical sources makes me doubt your integrity . 
  italy too had and has a powerful communist party . 
  so did and does japan . 
  and france . 
  one of these countries also had fascistic dictators rise against the government . 
  and i do n't hear you saying how great mussolini is cause eh at least he was n't a * commie * . 
  japan 's reform to fascism had nothing to do with japanese communism , so suddenly it is not okay , right ? 
  communist parties were not the dominant power of the spanish republic . 
  this is apologetic behavior for a traitor and genocidal maniac . 
  for an american comparison : that is like calling jefferson davis justified in betraying the union because he did n't like the democratically elected lincoln . 
  arguably , it 's far worse considering that davis was not the leader of confederete secession . 
  when your country is so low you build motorways beneath the water . 
  children , play nice . 
  yes that 's what the link says . 
  you should n't expect other people to prove your claims anywhere . 
  not even in a casual environment . 
  your failure to do so now made me believe that you 're talking out of your ass for example . 
  you might have a point , but if you do n't make the point , you do n't get points . 
  whatever the bbc did , i learned a new word today . 
  and , you know , the budget . 
  i do n't know were you were since 2001 , but occupying parts of other countries trying to fight terror ? 
  hella expensive . 
  oh , i am glad no more evil migrants are crossing the mediterranean . 
  too bad my grandfather 's pensions and healthcare suck now because budget cuts to increase military spending . 
  eh , whatever necessary to keep the evil mooslim at bay . 
  wait , you are making claims and call people asking for sources `` arrogant '' ? 
  `` lazy '' ? 
  that 's not how scientific discourse works . 
  considering that changing the change back is theoretically as `` easy '' to revert as it is to make , that argument does not really hold up . 
  again , maybe non-votes are not for anything . 
  maybe the people do n't give a damn . 
  that said , your logic is that a non-voter may want to delay the vote to a further time . 
  does that mean that every failed referendum where non-voters could have tipped the scales to success needs to get repeated ? 
  or it is caused by distrust in the system , by lack of information from official sources or by simple political apathy due to a failure of the country 's social or education systems . 
  you can not frame a non-vote as a status-quo-vote . 
  like , i get all of you and i am happy to have this debate , but this argument simply does not hold up to scrutiny in my opinion . 
  again , this just leads to the problem i describe . 
  there is no way around it : people who do n't vote are a reality . 
  people who do n't want the referendum to pass will thus not vote . 
  it is sabotaging the electoral process by abusing votes . 
  nothing less . 
  exactly . 
  which should n't help either of the sides in a vote . 
  someone who refuses to vote should not be part of the result . 
  lots of things . 
  abusing the ( non - ) votes of those who dont want to vote at all for your personal interests is the biggest one . 
  someone refusing to vote is casting a vote either way if there is a turnout barrier - a vote against . 
  this then leads the opposition to call for boycots in the hopes of getting enough people by teaming up their supporters and those who are against voting in the first place . 
  and fuck that 2/3 stuff . 
  sure it 's a momentous decision , but 65-35 resulting in 35 winning is stupid . 
  50-50 is good . 
  convincing a majority of such a massive step means that it is important enough . 
  no need for pro status quo barriers . 
  on the other side of the church , probably . 
  they got ta be somewhere . 
  it 's a joke on what he said . 
  agreed , most of the city is ugly enough to break the geneva convention . 
  but the frauenkirche is mighty fine . 
  sounds like donaldist fanfiction . 
  they did leave the rubble . 
  all the dark colored stones . 
  which is a shame considering that it is china .
