  race traitor, 
  do n't get too comfy , bohemia-moravia . 
  austria never lasts long and we will need another ~ ~ victim ~ ~ playmate . 
  gandhi is literally hitler . 
  ^ ^ civ ^ ^ players ^ ^ will ^ ^ agree . 
  in many humanism and life quality scores , these countries are close together . 
  finland usually has the edge , but do n't tell the dutch . 
  education , hdi et cetera . 
  uhh , no offense lithuania , but with that risk of a personal union under poland , you are no valuable ally . 
  also , our core on memelland will not expire until 2095 , so you guys are in trouble . 
  edit : oops , if you guys culture converted it , the core might have expired in 1995 . 
  dammit . 
  same to you . 
  i mean , you could use it to start building yet another new province out of the north sea . 
  well , mallorca is a pretty valued asset from a german point of view , so i 'd say you have a negotiation advantage over these * czechs * . 
  but no worries , / u/trax1 , as soon as you guys admit that german beer is best beer you can be number 3 anytime . 
  it is . 
  bend over . 
  i love how that photo apparantly focuses on the sky behind rather than the flags or the building or anything in particular . 
  well , if you judge another person 's lifestyle and deem it okay to outlaw it on your own preference , i do n't think you quite got the whole concept of freedom . 
  freedom is not about looking free , it is about being free . 
  eh , just grab a few of your friends and go there on vacation . 
  it is likely to make hungary more of a profit than hosting the olympics . 
  such as ? 
  i am fine with paris or los angeles ; sure its well-known countries , but it is better than qatar . 
  certainly correct , but 40 % means `` 20 % behind '' . 
  meaning she would have to convince 10 % of french voters who do n't intend to vote for her to do it anyway . 
  and that 'll be tough . 
  fair . 
  a certainly interesting development . 
  now left and centrist voters in france need to create a strategy for the first round - having fillon and le pen advance to round 2 by dividing into numerous small parties is not ideal from their point of view . 
  getting behind macron might be the best strategy for a french center and center-left ; while the french right should probably hope that these forces do not consolidate and that two conservatives manage to advance . 
  username relevant . 
  uh , you sure about that ? 
  that is the american color scheme , but in europe , mostly speaking , blue means conservative and red means socialist . 
  i think you mean `` thin skin '' in this context . 
  [ ninja edit , you aint seen nuffin ], 
  trying to get rid of h\u00f6cke is a clear sign to me that petry is not gon na give the party to the neo-fascists without a fight . 
  that is not really how freedom works if you ask me . 
  i totally see your point , but saying that a certain way of upbringing invalidates your freedom of choice is not really in line with the thought of different people from different backgrounds being allowed to do different things on the basis of freedom . 
  thanks , friendo < 3, 
   we do n't want an empire and will gladly go home if we 're not wanted . 
  that is exactly where i have doubts . 
  america is a hugely diverse place with hugely diverse opinions , but generally speaking , most of the american political elite - and this currently may not include the potus , but certainly the vp and the minister of defense - seems to be in favor of this interventionist stance to preserve american business and political interests . 
  and recent american history and most of the wars you guys either started or participated in seems to suggest that as well ; maybe with the exception of the invasion of afghanistan , which one might see as a matter of self-defense - even though a very drastic one , but that is up to political debate . 
  valid points , but comparing nato to the un does n't really hold up . 
  i 'd think that nyc hosting the un is a prestige project ( and a successful one ) to make america look like a nice guy . 
  but nato is not that . 
  of course it gives you european gratitude , but there were politicians before trump who were like `` yo that is expensive maybe we should n't '' . 
  but they decided that they should . 
  that is because militarism works differently in the usa - hegemonic interventionism is an important part of american foreign policy . 
  i am not even saying it is necessarily a bad thing . 
  but if you guys want an empire , pay for it . 
  it seems that you are also following the misconception that people at large are smart . 
  which of course leads us back to the beginning of this circle . 
   women got the right to vote in switzerland in the 70 ' . 
  this is not the best example , but this is hardly a `` ever-changing gullible force , easily manipulated by foreign influence '' . 
  using a reactionary stance of selfish envy and political fear among the male swiss population as an argument for the generous and sensible will of the european people at large seems counter-intuitive to me . 
  yes , you are correct that this opinion did n't change from oppose to support from one year to the next , but the opinion of such constitutional details in switzerland tends to fluctuate up and down . 
  my thoughts on this are thus not completely false just because swiss men really didnt want swiss women to vote [ of course , this was only in a few cantons at that point ; which breaks open the question of federalization , a whole other topic altogether ] . 
   and such people can choose `` trumpish '' government that will rule until the next elections . 
  that is most certainly true ; but then this choice would be meaningful and effective . 
  putting an additional counter-weight on a government i do n't like is not a valid argument in my eyes . 
  there are constitutional courts and parliament majorities and state-level governments to do that . 
  if my people are stupid enough to elect a stupid person , let that stupid person encounter the same rules as a smart person would have . 
  that is what democracy is . 
   in semi-direct democracy , you can at least block all dangerous/stupid laws or constitutional changes using the referendum . 
  exactly . 
  which leads , in the case of switzerland , to the absolutely stupid all-party government , where the four major parties work together in order to ensure a maximum chance of the people not blocking every single proposal . 
  the more direct the democracy , the less gets done . 
  this is the same argument used to defend for example the british parliamentary system ( which is of course quite stupid ) , but in this case it is a strong one . 
  switzerland is by no means an ideal political system that one should strive to emulate . 
  federal swiss elections are pretty meaningless at this point . 
  election promises and long-term plans are absolutely pointless to make from the pov of swiss politicians , as they can only outline general policy points , then listen to what the people dictate from their opinion of the day anyhow . 
   people who chose the current government romanians rather did n't like the law practically legalizing corruption . 
  instead of protests ( which the government could ignore ) they would announce a referendum , if they had to such a possibility . 
  such a problem 's solution is not unique to semi-direct democracy . 
  the fault of this particular problem lies not with the non-participation of romanian citizens in government , but with the weakness or unwillingness [ i am not quite sure ] of the romanian judicial branch to deem such a law unconstitutional and overturn it . 
  that is something that a representative democracy could and should also fix and that could be part of a strong political platform that would ( and after this incident surely will ) find open approval among the romanian voter base . 
  -- it is certainly an interesting discussion , that i will concede . 
  which also opens the question how that might be implemented in the context of further european federalization . 
  veto powers per direct democracy ? 
  maybe of one member state against the majority ? 
  let 's say poland does n't like abortions or germany does n't like taxes on car sales . 
  can one country , for the sake of confederalism , veto all others ? 
  yo , first of all , stuhlbein is neutral , so i guess that 's fair ; and its not our problem that you guys are unpoetic and do n't see the possibility of a certainly gendered spirit in inanimate objects . 
  now , girls being neutral , land mines being feminine and hot air balloons being masculine is of course a form of lingustic poetry that island monkeys can not quite comprehend . 
  its all in good fun here < 3 britain please do n't leave we love you :'(, 
  total world cups : quite a few germany win : 4 england win : 1, 
  uhh . 
  as much as i hate actually defending the god damn republican party , but listen to yourself . 
  putin is already a dickhead , but the liberal democrats ? 
  wtf . 
  wait , i forgot a stupid russian-style smiley . ) ) ) ) ), 
  our spelling is efficient , straightforward and logical . 
  adding useless us to words ? 
  that goes against our honor . 
  you are approaching this from a very interesting approach ( a non-sensical one , but being a td user , that is to be expected ) . 
  usa needs airfields . 
  usa needs naval bases .
