  let 's drag canada in for a change . 
  canada : hold my maple syrup . 
  so did bulgarian muslims it seems . 
  of course !, 
  well , yeah . 
  german cars are built for streets without speed limit , not for * inefficient * love making . 
   and now i wo n't even be able to feel smug that we did it better than the germans . 
  also known as `` the favorite pastime of every frenchman '' . 
  atat\u00fcrk , you tried . 
  as if that is not already the case . 
  actually , i would have preferred leaving the euro coins and just changing the design whenever the eurozone changes . 
  would have added some cool flavor over the time . 
  but at least the nordick is gone with the current redesign , \\ #thankgodfornorway, 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  get in here , friendo !, 
  you 're like our lil buddy-on-the-balkans < 3, 
  i like my psychosis . 
  at least try to be reasonable . 
  and you use the funds we contributors blow up your asses to get your economy in order so you can start giving the billions back . 
  see where this national blaming leads ? 
  nowhere . 
  using anything but french ? 
  * hon hon hon *, 
  it obviously stands for serious . 
  / s ^ ^ hah ^ ^ youre ^ ^ confused ^ ^ now, 
  well , this assessment might be fair . 
  but the comment 's observations do n't apply to the german population 's political opinions , so it is advocating for change for the sake of change - if advocating for change is what is intended here . 
  even if it is just a devil 's advocate , it does not take reality into account and i corrected it from my point of view . 
  i disagree however with the downvote storm / u/iksdfosdf has received . 
  they should be able to voice possible concerns and be corrected on their possible mistakes in a civil fashion without a rain of blue arrows . 
   traditional parties , the establishment , is losing votes pretty much everywhere in the western world . 
  we are voting not for the western world government , we are voting for the german government . 
  our establishment parties are to get 75 + % of the vote . 
  the german people are largely content with the current administration , and thus it is only logical that merkel is very likely to win . 
  `` change for the sake of change '' is a silly concept . 
  well that 's a headline . 
  we would have more money to try if you gave our gold back !, 
  there are also other ways to reorganize rotterdam downtown , if you catch my drift ... what i 'm saying is , leave waffly waffle alone . 
  we need them as a glorified motorway . 
   goodness me , moscow weather it 's completely fucked up . 
  agreed . 
  ~ the german army, 
  this is the moment german patriotism is reborn . 
  long live the vaterland . 
  well , i guess it counts . 
  did the georgians and ukrainians pm you any ladyboys yet ? 
  well , then i 'd take a guess you would n't have liked bismarck either . 
  relentless persecution of political opposition and church is not simply undone by foreign policy successes . 
  yep , sounds about right, 
  oh , mike pence is only waiting for that impeachment to get going and then we shall see . 
  even though i was in britain personally and saw that it is not always so , but to me , britain will always be `` grumpy people shouting at each other about how much everything sucks '' . 
  so , basically hesse . 
  well , putin uses his brain to * gloriously return glory to glorious russia in the name of glory * ( and also sanctions ) . 
  trump uses it to justify weekly 3 million dollar golf vacations . 
  well , i suppose with bosnia not being annexed until 1908 , it being considered in 1906 would have been politically questionable . 
  all in all , cool flag . 
  i hate this grudge background thing ( why not make a normal flag ? ), 
  and a black eagle on top of a black-gold-black background is just bad flag design with that overlap that is going on there , but as i said , i am okay with it . 
  finland wo n't be happy about that . 
  oh wow , the labour voters hate everybody . 
  never taking a strong position on anything has certainly helped her . 
  a toy with historical context is still a toy . 
  it 's not a historical document or educational . 
  so yeah , it makes sense . 
  again this `` ohmuhgerd germany doesnt have swastikas '' . 
  we absolutely have swastikas and sig runes and nazi symbolism and nazi history and the holocaust in our history books . 
  the thing where we ban swastikas is political associations and toys . 
  because we dont want ss panzer divisions to be sold as toys to our children . 
  and yes , video games are defined as childrens ' toys . 
  and yes , that 's silly . 
  we know . 
  that does n't mean we censor history . 
  in fact , i wouldnt be surprised if we talked about nazi terror more than croatia did about the usta\u0161a terror . 
   move to austria . 
  i may have lost my national culture , but i have not lost my brain . 
  erdogan has received turkish popular support again and again and again . 
  it is time for us to accept that turkey 's short flirt with western civilization is over , that atat\u00fcrk is truly dead , that islamist thought is coming back with a vengeance and that we as europeans all need to move on . 
  catering to turkey is not a move that is useful to the eu or nato . 
  wait for the turks to get rid of their mini-mussolini and come back . 
  it 's been eleven years , let it go . 
  sometimes it is about preventing kosovo from getting cleansed . 
  but yeah , peace most of the time . 
  yeea boooooooooooooooooooooi, 
   it 's quite funny ... for a german . 
  yo , do n't be like that or ~ ~ we will false flag ~ ~ we will avenge our radio station again . 
  tremendous losers , the best losers . 
  everyone says so . 
  good you 're not french , otherwise you would have gone on strike while writing this comment . 
  ^ ^ iz ^ ^ just ^ ^ friendly ^ ^ banter ^ ^ plis ^ ^ dont ^ ^ kill, 
  well , the allusion to singapore ( or highly urbanized structures/societies like it , but singapore is the earth 's best example ) is not that singapore is a bad place to live in - it absolutely is not - but singaporean policy is one of draconian punishment for the slightest of missteps as well as a history of authoritarian rule ( even though singapore can be argued to be among the best examples of authoritarianism done right ) . 
  singapore also stands for rapid militarization , having the second highest military spending in us dollars per capita at over 2,000 $ , only behind saudi arabia at 6000 $ + . 
  you might have noticed the very clean and orderly city and skyline , reminiscent of authoritarian singapore . 
  also , the once five pointed stars are now six pointed . 
  a change that seems peculiar and does n't make sense unless the author would want to warn us of the jewish eussr taking over . 
  furthermore , these big brother style message boards reminding the citizens of national improvements achieved by the government have a totalitarian vibe to them . 
  i have no idea . 
  but i did notice the stars were six pointed . 
  i have no idea if this is intended or not . 
  if so , i would n't appreciate that . 
  i have no idea if this is meant to be utopian or dystopian .
