  that is exactly my point . 
  i never claimed german was not taught in the eastern bloc , i claimed that its teaching has had nothing to do with historical convenience . 
  socialist countries tend to create education systems that aim to be as useful to the leadership - economically - as possible . 
  well , true . 
  but with the eu , mortality rates are lower on all sides . 
  indeed !, 
  it means `` armored fighting vehicle propulsion tread production company '' and `` groups of female eastern forced labourers '' . 
  again , you bring up somewhat meaningless historical circumstances . 
  you told me german cultural influence caused these countries to have a culture of learning german , a claim which you neither substantiate nor elaborate on . 
  that is the theory you originally presented , and we should focus on how well it counters or completes mine regarding economic and geographic convenience taking dominance over historical coincedence . 
  so instead of hiding behind german city names and trying to devalue my opinion as `` german guilt '' , which is an absolutely ridiculous way of conducting an argument , point me to a serious historian , linguist , didactics expert ; really any scientist who thinks that historical ( and passed ) circumstance takes a significant influence on what language a country decides to have its adolescents spend time on . 
  if just theories are too dry , just one example of a country - not even necessarily one of this specific example - teaching a language because of cultural influence instead of economic value would help your point . 
  i guess latin and old greek might come close to such languages , but they are not comparable to the numbers shown on this map . 
  you also ignored my point that german influence on eastern european scientific culture got practically reset/erased by the establishment of the eastern bloc after world war 2 and the realignment of eastern countries , including the gdr , towards the ussr . 
  your claim that forty years of communism do n't erase this influence is meaningless . 
  we are not talking about the attitude of the random person , we are talking about what affects the economic strategy of governments on how to spend their education money . 
  your theory would make sense in a context of scientific conservatism , but the old values of teaching were completely outdated and thus replaced with a completely new concept and system after the iron curtain fell . 
  i am still sticking by my theory , but this exchange was certainly interesting . 
  good question . 
  we kinda made sure to have a mountain range between us and them . 
  lithuania was under partial territorial control of the germans for quite some time , and the main argument here seems to be that direct control causes a cultural shift in teaching styles . 
  but you are right , i assume this might be the reason . 
  the only way it could happen would be a loose confederation where member states maintain great amounts of autonomy and the possibility of independence . 
  which sounds a lot like the eu . 
  explain bulgaria in comparison to romania or latvia and estonia in comparison to lithuania then . 
  giving history and culture an equal standing to economics is an opinion that one can not really defend in a serious context of historical work . 
  there is no `` cultural foundation '' for learning a foreign language in teaching didactics - i am a teacher , i would know . 
  the main and only concern for a ministry of education is how much it has to pay for a language and what benefit it will hold for an economy . 
  the notable case of this rule is a country with a society that necessitates a lingua franca to take dominance over its many local languages , like former colonial states in africa and the americas speaking english , french , spanish , portuguese and dutch . 
  this theory of cultural heritage especially falls flat when you consider that most of the countries were turned into soviet puppets after some of them were even fighting the germans during world war 2 and the german language was replaced with the russian one in foreign language courses - so any didactics that might have been footed on german/austrian imperialism up to that point would have definitely been destroyed by then . 
  these countries do n't want to learn german because the germans and austrians were benevolent dictators . 
  they want to learn german to make money . 
  partially , yes . 
  but we also took norway for shits and giggles . 
  the value of a military asset is measured in the number of syllables in its name . 
  i dunno , them damn slovaks and their long fingers . 
  the word shall never die . 
  that is pretty difficult to chant . 
  with the panzerkampfwagenantriebskettenherstellungsbetrieb and their diligent ostlandzwangsarbeiterinnengruppen , obviously . 
  but it creates these awkward pauses when you are not quite sure if someone is about to spew forth another 25-letter behemoth . 
  that 's where obama has his style from . 
  i know , right ? 
  i am known for being a nice dude , as are all germans !, 
  ... right , poland ? 
  please tell me you still love us . 
  while the comparison is easy to draw , the immediate history of these two states is not really relevant . 
  however , these empires might have had their part in preventing a strong economy forming in the respective territories earlier , with germany focussing economically in ... well , german lands ; while austria-hungary built industrial complexes mainly in austria , bohemia ( today czechia ) and hungary ; abandoning slavic territories . 
  that said , that is a question for an economic historian . 
  they close their mouth . 
  all twenty of them ?!, 
   he said : ` you 'll sell less prosecco . ' i said : ` ok , you 'll sell less fish and chips , but i 'll sell less prosecco to one country and you 'll sell less to 27 countries . ' i like this guy . 
  it 's okay , it 's the same way for us . 
  actually , it is perfectly explainable : the eu has several main economic powerhouses where people from smaller and less wealthy countries might find work and that the countries these people come from depend on for aid . 
  germany is simply the eastern most of these powerhouses ( sorry , poland ) , meaning it geographically just gobbles up all of the eastern eu into its economic and linguistic sphere of influence . 
  in the west , people have the choice between english , french , german , even dutch if they want . 
  austria is also a great place for former yugoslavs to find work , that explains slovenia 's extraordinary number . 
  edgy . 
  it gives me my job . 
  so , i will go out and say that the eu is pretty useful to some people . 
  france very much likes being france , germany at least somewhat likes being germany . 
  a union will not happen . 
   go find a european forum , then . 
  we are on / r/europe . 
  that must count . 
  that is not the quote from the movie . 
  you two are planning something again , are n't you ? 
  edgy . 
  and without facts . 
  but mainly just edgy . 
  hope your 15th birthday goes well . 
  i see . 
  the correct spelling is * german `` humour '' *, 
  't was a joke, 
  holy fuck , what is this guy on about ? 
  thank god he is out of the union soon . 
  if you do n't give italy the feeling they are your daddy , it might actually work out . 
  the bulgarians in this thread do n't seem greatly upset by this . 
  he is the only minister i actually like . 
  and now he might as well get replaced by a nutjob . 
  oh great . 
  i mean , they are not wrong . 
  no offense britain , but you are super needy . 
  if you wan na leave , just do it . 
  told you the reichsprotektorat was good for all of us . 
  i am sure you will find a minority worth liberating . 
  that 's how we always did it anyway . 
  those fourteen german folks in yugoslavia ? 
  totally worth invading a country over . 
  meh , we still wo n't let him in until he recognizes kosovo . 
  and that ... well . 
   he talks trash in slovak villages but always follows germany lead . 
  you make that sound like a bad thing . 
  just pick genji . 
  solid counter . 
  what are we looking at here ? 
  what connects the red/dark-red countries ? 
  cuz u the man, 
  wait , did n't you post that once before ? 
   i think we 've already done plenty to annoy them you got that right . 
  well then ... we 're pretty screwed .
