  also , with the glorious karma score of 1 . 
  glad you like it !, 
  now hand over all your ethnic minorities and your national sovereignity kthxbai, 
  well put , sir . 
  * is loving jesus legal yet ? 
  slovakia 's all like : `` fuck all those groups . '', 
  chile approves . 
  typical psg fans smh, 
  bad bot . 
  that will be a huge blow to local german tourism . 
  silly you , they 're all still alive . 
  we just banished them to another country . 
  we call it hungary . 
  they took my silesia :(, 
  congratz , little balkan buddy  . 
  i 'll make sure to visit and give you some tourist money !, 
  she is just making sure he aint reaching over to grab that croatian pussy . 
  did n't expect germany to not be blue . 
  i guess the people do n't like the fact that we 're paying for everything and get zero appreciation for it after all . 
  i guess at least we 're in the same group with croatia , our best buddy ever . 
  but that hardly makes up for it . 
  i 'm sorry netherlands , but finland even beats you at being gay . 
  government of poland . 
  go suck some donkey cock . 
  how ... unexpected . 
  and rightfully so . 
  they 're just salty that we 're better . 
  and thankfully so . 
  you 've made an enemy for life . 
  you started out losing this slapfight , but you took it back . 
  props . 
  almost as trashy as falco 's music videos . 
  do n't remember that line from the anthem . 
  yep , luxembourg also pretty much just wrote the grand duke out of law when he refused to sign a bill . 
  lol, 
  eh , `` dubiously british with a 1/64 of mexican '' counts . 
  ah yes , belgium , the country that built a statue of a little kid pissing into a fountain - very much a personification of the country as a whole . 
  jk love you guys i want waffles, 
  yes , xenophobes tend to be lowly educated . 
  the only thing this german is hating right now is you being a super snarky edgelord ( i mean , your account has managed the impossible feat of negative comment karma ; how does one even achieve that ? ) . 
  besides , we are giving far more money to greece , hungary and poland than to `` people from mena countries '' . 
  but they 're * white * , so they do n't count . 
  and reading your other comments , you really love those countries for how they break the treaties they sign and abuse the money they get . 
  could you just not ? 
  yes , xenophobia against polish students also exists over here in germany , it 's really , really bad in some places . 
  i hope that we all learn to deal better with people that look and sound slightly different . 
  a good , solid czech last name . 
  it 's all coming together , tell / r/conspiracy about this . 
  staying away from austria would be easy if someone were to ... remove them from map ... if you catch my drift . 
   because i was like ... denmark ? 
  the vikings !, 
  the vikings are coming !, 
  yes , angela !, 
  you noticed that pro-federalistic european reform is popular , so now you act like you like it !, 
  and people will buy that and vote for you !, 
  i almost hate how good of a politician mutti is . 
  we could need an excuse to get some military spending increase for sure . 
  and clay . 
  we could need more livingclay . 
  ... but i would still prefer the czechs over the poles . 
  got ta have some breakfast before the piece de resistance . 
  generous . 
  got ta keep up with traditions . 
  also , here is one for [ shitposters of europe !, 
  truly , a great man . 
  to me , it sounds like a non-unusual romanian accent honestly . 
  yes , in later stages of the battle . 
  and `` as many as they could '' is a vast overstatement . 
  well , this will create some very stale memes . 
  connect germany to its finnish ally , cut off the soviets from the baltic , and , just like with stalingrad , gain prestige . 
  leningrad , home of the communist revolution , named after the founding father of the ussr . 
  that was the twisted reasoning behind the drawn out attack . 
  and the soviets saw it the same way , with stalin denying any evacuations of the civilian population and insisting to supply the city over lake ladoga , across routes that did n't exist with supplies that were n't there . 
  i am sure that these economic ties were originally caused by a feeling of cultural proximity , sure , but that does not mean that in case of a tabula rasa of trade relations today the spanish government would go `` oh , el salvador is a splendid trading partner ! '' . 
  perhaps they 'd choose differently . 
  however , you are of course right that now spanish companies have invested in latin america so spain will stick to latin america - somewhat . 
  my point is that this has not given spain any particular position of power to deal from . 
  mexico and guatemala would have traded with american or brazilian companies just as they do with the spanish ones . 
  sure , the spanish language does n't hurt whatsoever , but what does it really provide as an upside ? 
  closer cultural ties i guess ? 
  nothing that is of immediate economic value anyway . 
  spain can just as well trade with india and brazil as they can with mexico . 
  is there though ? 
  it does not seem to be a widely shared viewpoint . 
  well , military history is a great hobby to have . 
  but declaring spanish soldiers to be the greatest in history is simply not based on factual evidence . 
  nationalistic fervor does not properly replace a critical reading of history . 
  the first defeat of the romans was against neighboring tribes . 
  that does n't make them rome 's most powerful adversary . 
  your logic is fallacious . 
  the blue division was neither particularly weak nor particularly impressive . 
  the very link you provide shows how insufficiently equipped and trained the 250th was . 
  this was neither a exclusively spanish problem nor a greatly pronounced example , but calling the 250th militarily decisive is counter factual . 
  most sources i read speak of a dedicated but ill-prepared fighting effort . 
  their accomplishments are however sometimes overstated by spanish media , kind of like american movies stereotypically overstate the american involvement in the war . 
  so that might be where that misconception comes from . 
  the us is not in europe tho . 
   and you forget that our language is the second with more native speaker in the world for that reason there are fewer spanish speakers in reddit compared with the rest of europeans just look at the map there are more portugueses than spaniards lmao which makes spain relevant ... how ? 
  i am sure the spanish language replaces economic strength or military prowess or political influence . 
  it does n't .
