  well , you can remove these quotation marks . 
  small country syndrome . 
  man , you guys and your rivalry . 
  [ my reaction ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwalxfivx1s ), 
  stop using these weird small thingies , fellow human . 
  humans only talk like this . 
  hahaha i am human . 
  the czechoslovak army was powerful , but still inferior to the wehrmacht at that point ( yes , i know that the power of the wehrmacht is often mystified , but they were undeniably strong ) . 
  add to that the geographical disadvantage of being surrounded on three sides by germany and the decision to not fight makes a lot more sense . 
  and the eu/nato of today is in no way comparable to the diplomatic and strategic situation of late 1938 . 
  we are a geographically united bloc , making it easier to defend one another . 
  so , uh , looks like you need to liberated . 
  *** fifth partition intensifies *** anyone who wants to partition poland with us over dinner ? 
  ... lithuania ? 
  sure , whatever . 
  at least he got karma !, 
  actually that is a picture of the munich agreement ( mind chamberlain and daladier ) where czechoslovakia was partitioned by germany under allied supervision and approval . 
  more fitting for the ukraine situation than molotov-ribbentrop really . 
  no matter how crazy trump turns out to be ( and boy am i nervous about him ) , i dont think we will see an american occupied western ukraine anytime soon . 
  belarus is russia 's ally under the csto alliance . 
  i do n't really see them threatened by russia . 
  til suzuki is a big thing in hungary, 
  its just a prank , volksgenosse, 
  man and we try to be so nice to you guys nowadays and you still choose the guys with the bad beer . 
  now i 'm sad . 
  no , i did not say germany did awesome stuff in world war 2 . 
  that would imply that you think genociding albanians is awesome stuff , which would make the comparison to germany sensical . 
  i argued that germany is better at being the bad guy than serbia is . 
  i think that most of the jews are more able than you are to understand that countries and their societies are not monoliths and , at that , also able to change over time . 
  man , i am happy that russian people can feel superior because of me being annoyed at their country 's foreign policy . 
  then i am happy for canadian people that they have a better economy than the russian people . 
  eh , that is german quality for you . 
  we do n't think that `` genocided innocent albanians and keeps crying about how the international community stopped them '' should be on our main page . 
  `` killed 60 million people by starting the biggest war ever uniting britain , france , the ussr and the usa against them and made the inventions necessary for spaceflight while doing it '' ? 
  hell yeah , that sounds like something an actually _ relevant _ country would do . 
  no hard feelings ofc . 
  well , we started only one world war . 
  the other one is up to austria and serbia . 
  -- also , nice going , partner . 
  way to try and distract from your country 's undisguised imperialistic tendencies . 
  maybe once you guys lose a war over your former territories you will accept that you will never get them back . 
  sorry to tell you , but kosovo is gone for good . 
  time to move on . 
  yup, 
  serbia got no chill . 
  deep red in other population map implies hundreds of thousands of people . 
  in iceland : 10,001-20 ,000 . 
  you do you , iceland . 
  true . 
  we are however engaging in the immoral sport of directly comparing casualties . 
  i do n't like it either . 
  good on them . 
  well , i certainly will not blame this subreddit for anti-russian sentiment , considering how russian foreign policy has gone from `` the big friendly uncle delivering your gas '' to `` give back ethnic minorities '' in the course of a decade . 
  that said however , there can absolutely be no apology for such behavior . 
  it is highly disrespectful towards innocent victims - just like when people said the russian ambassador deserved to be shot . 
  no , he did not . 
  that is not relevant to the discussion at hand . 
  i do n't wish ill to russian soldiers and respect them for their service . 
  your logical train is completely off by the way . 
  how do you go from `` american soldiers should not go to jail for their service '' to `` i hate russian soldiers '' ? 
  that is a great leap at best and whataboutism at worst . 
  fact is : the commander of russian soldiers is vladimir putin , a dangerous enemy of europe who will gladly expand at the expense of peaceful european countries as soon as he is given the chance . 
  as long as putin remains in power , europe has to stay vigilant . 
   killing millions again , wrong . 
   tortured thousands absolutely false . 
   next to all american [ ... ] soldiers . 
  sure , jail american soldiers . 
  holy shit , you are delusional . 
  also , update your numbers . 
  millions ? 
  250,000 at most . 
  certainly comparable to the genocide commited by russian airstrikes and the slaughter by syrian government forces that enabled . 
  right , so ? 
  putin apologists , man . 
  poland is defending its sovereign territory and now the russian 50 cent trolls are whipping out the iraq card . 
  kosovo already had a thing before nato arrived . 
  you know this whole `` serbs and albanians killing each other '' thing ? 
  libya is hardly comparable , as no annexation took place . 
  or a ground invasion to start with . 
  and the color revolutions ? 
  yeah when nato tanks rolled into those countries , i remember . 
  -- you putin apologists never fail to amaze me . 
  critizising nato is absolutely fair . 
  but do n't delegitimize your own opinion by in the same sentence supporting a national-imperialistic autocrat . 
  that is exactly what you accuse nato of being . 
  wait , now we are the threatening ones ? 
  what peninsulas did nato conquer recently ? 
  are you doubting the glory of our language ?!, 
  oh , if that is so ... time for another rechtschreibreformvorbereitungsversammlungsberufung . 
  honestly , sch\u00e4uble gets a lot of shit for putting economic stability first , but then again , everyone who cries really enjoys the economic stability . 
  the potato harvest was good that year apparantly . 
  language of angels . 
  we took the names and improved them . 
  i do n't care much about the origin as long as i know how to pronounce it . 
  real talk though , if you guys come up with names like `` wroc\u0142aw '' or `` szczecin '' ( really ? 
  ` zcz ' ? 
  ) , i am sticking with good old imperialistic german terms . 
  like , i legit look at polish city names and ask myself _ ` how the heck am i supposed to say this word ? 
  is that even a word ? 
  is that a fantasy novel writer just tossing together letters ?
