  the way the german system works , splitting fptp and proportional seats , necessitates a parliament double the size of the number of constituencies . 
  299 constituencies might be overkill , but with how big germany is , it wo n't go far below 250 if you ask me . 
  libertarianism is a right wing movement . 
  yes , that is one downside . 
  if you however bother to look at the statistics , you would see that this is an absolute outlier due to the fdp 's and afd 's 2013 results . 
  this will not happen again . 
  ... wait , he got pissed about a common european train ticket and showed a hitler salute ? 
  come on , polish crazy-ass right wingers , pick your battles . 
  certainly not mutually exclusive traits . 
  deranged puppets of putin are a possibility . 
  not all member states and territories are affected , see the 127 asterisks below . 
  your bigotry and misguided sense of superiority are regrettable , but in a continent of freedom , people are free to be douchebags . 
  i wish you a fantastic day , 
  we 're both highly civilized and culturally similar nations . 
  our political systems are not in any way tied to either of us and are thus exchangable ; it just so happens that i think the german one is better than the dutch one , thus i am happy of living on my side of the border for once . 
  when it comes to marijuana and gay marriage , the other side of the border is preferable . 
  that is one point , the main one is not needing five parties for a government coalition . 
  we really love efficiency . 
  it 's the most radical and direct form of proportional rather than local democracy in use anywhere from what i know . 
  it 's interesting to watch , but i 'm glad that germany has a margin in place . 
  * hungary and poland turn out in disbelief on the front seat . 
  * brothers and sisters are natural enemies !, 
  * * like ~ ~ englishmen ~ ~ scots and scots !, 
  * * or ~ ~ welshmen ~ ~ scots and scots !, 
  * * or japanese and scots !, 
  * * or scots and other scots !, 
  they ruined ~ ~ scotland ~ ~ greater caledonia !, 
  that would , at least in germany , result in re-elections . 
  the afd would not be able to form a functioning government coalition with another party without one of the two factions royally screwing their electorate . 
  i had assumed the netherlands would be the same . 
  my theory is that the dutch are high for most of the legislative terms and are all like * bruuuh , could you imagine wilders winning the elections ? 
  * ; then they come sober like 7 days before the election and go * let 's not * . 
  are n't you guys voting this month ? 
  on the 15th , i heard ? 
  france is our homeboy now , leave the erbfeindschaft out of this . 
  the french and the italians are natural enemies !, 
  like spaniards and italians !, 
  or germans and italians !, 
  or italians and other italians !, 
  damn italians !, 
  they ruined italy !, 
  as soon as they manage to qualify for a major football cup again , itll work out . 
  they wanted the netherlands to have something to be proud of before taking that throne away from them as well ;p, 
   so because other people revise history we should do it too ? 
  am i getting this right ? 
  * texas , before removing the trail of tears and japanese internment camps from history text books . 
  i know , i know , do n't answer based on flairs :p, 
  it 's very french of him though , expecting everyone to speak french . 
  just makes me feel warm in appreciation of our ~ ~ erbfeind ~ ~ best friendo . 
  yeah , it 's called * upholding the law * . 
  evil conspiracies , every time . 
  you could click the button several times , if you really wanted . 
  there are lots of people in here that dislike the eu . 
  just because you do n't agree with some political opinions does n't make a subreddit a circlejerk . 
  on the contrary , i 'd argue . 
  first of all , that is somewhat false . 
  from emperor constantine 's council of nicaea in 325 , making christianity the roman religion , and the dethroning of emperor romulus augustulus , the last west roman emperor in 476 , you look at pretty much 150 years of time that christianity could have gone bam all over europe . 
  that , considering the instabilities , territorial changes and general problems with foreign threats the western romans faced , is not enough to christianize europe . 
  while certainly present in major cities , say massilia , athens or rome itself , we have reason to doubt that even the entirety of italy or greece were christian at that point , not to speak of the entire roman empire . 
  christianity very likely had not greatly crossed the rhine river or the limes germanicus even as late as 500 or even 600 ce - charlemagne would only bring christianity to saxony ( through bloody conflict , not unlike certain muslim caliphs ) , beginning in the 770s . 
  christianity reached scandinavia maybe as late as 950 . 
  it was what caused some of the norwegian pagans to flee their king olaf i , who saw strategic advantages in being a christian - the most important of them being king by a divine mandate . 
  ( these norwegian pagans would settle in iceland , which would later be conquered and converted through bloodshed once more after the kings of norway failed to accept icelandic independence - with religion their official reason . ), 
  those are just some examples of the spread of christianity . 
  roman urban areas were quite easily ` self-converting ' , if you will , as christianity had a massive public appeal and a sense of community . 
  but from there on outwards , you have forced conversions , holy wars , decrees by the king and religiously motivated persecution-conquest . 
  and above all , realpolitik . 
  so much of it . 
  the muslims and christians were equally good at concealing their worldly power struggle under fake religious pretenses - and their shared success is the reason they are both still around today . 
  ... tell me , how did christianity spread ? 
  youtube 's comment section is an absolute waste of time since comment dislikes have been removed . 
  like , / r/me _ irl and / r/the _ donald have deep and philosophical discussions compared to youtube comments . 
  * left serbia landlocked . 
  * is more pro-western in recent times and the russians apparantly are pissed . 
  * that 's it . 
  i always thought that is just how the balkans roll . 
  tesla was born in 1856 . 
  austria did not become austria-hungary until 1867 . 
  yeah , i always knew the finns were up to shit . 
  religious fundamentalism is a far right movement , so there is that . 
  heh , tell yourself that repeatedly and it might become true . 
  man , we lost two world wars and we 're still relevant . 
  now , denmark on the other hand ... 
  your flair in connection with your comment confuses me . 
  seems to be the holy roman empire . 
  yes , in your opinion . 
  but not even in greenland 's own opinion is that true ; so your opinion might not count as much as the one of the lawmakers in nuuk and copenhagen . 
  now i finally know how many luxembourgs fit into luxembourg . 
  liechtenstein is an anomaly , the only surviving hre principality ; and that solely based on the fact that neither switzerland nor austria ( or germany between 1938-45 , for that matter ) could ever be bothered to take it over . 
  if no one disputes that you 're a country , you get to be a country . 
  greenland is not its own country until it chooses to at least try and seek recognition as such . 
  it is perfectly happy with being internationally considered part of denmark ( which it therefore is ) as long as a large degree of internal authority is granted to it . 
  and unless you counted other nation 's autonomous provinces as independent , greenland should not be on your independent country list . 
  sounds good . 
  these patriotic party functionaries usually do n't make for excellent soldiers . 
  wo n't find out unless you try . 
  come and get it , denmark . 
  last time you lasted 6 hours , maybe you 'll do better this time , 
  ask sean hannity . 
  you can ask anybody .
