  ' _ i can deal with warszawa , but that 's as far as this german 's brain will go . 
  call of duty : modern warfare 22 * the russians invade for real this time *, 
  damn romanians !, 
  they ruined romania !, 
  imagine them as states but a little more dont-tread-on-me than texas . 
  you got it the wrong way around . 
  america is all countries . 
  woah , calm down , america, 
  nice try , newt gingrich, 
  well , what i was getting at was that france lost the war , then the allies kind of acted like they were a great asset to their victory . 
  actually , a higher number of parties will only limit the possibilities of government . 
  if this trend continues , germany will increasingly adopt the austrian system of the endless grand coalition . 
  the term `` liberal '' goes back at least to the age of the enlightenment in the 1700s and describes the general idea of freedom in your personal choice - and freedom from government intervention . 
  originally , it was not even designed as a counterpart to `` conservative '' , but as a counterpart to `` authoritarian '' . 
  the latter place is now taken by words like `` libertarian '' in the english language . 
  note however that the definition of the term * liberal * varies . 
  while americans would describe `` leftists '' as liberals , in europe , the term very much describes the political center ; including parties like the free democrats in germany or the libdems in the united kingdom . 
  so , the term liberal is quite old , and so is the term liberal democracy , which was used to describe politically democratic systems guided by these principles . 
  i do n't know enough about poland and hungary to offer an in-depth answer in this scenario , but i would imagine `` liberal democracy in danger '' means something like ' a politically centrist society politically moves to the right . ', 
  both the polish and hungarian governments have at least tendencies of authoritarianism and social conservatism and thus , people might have the impression that liberal `` values '' ( like personal freedom , for example the more modern example of freedom to have an abortion or the classic example of freedom to enjoy an independent press ) might be at least threatened/endangered in these places . 
   has infiltrated the government and poses higher long-term threat to turkey than idiots with ak-47s listed above . 
  i read this as `` the turkish government blames government officials it does n't like to be part of fet\u00d6 and purges them . '', 
  yeah , illegally occupying territory that is not yours is backbone now . 
  so i guess we did do the right thing in 1939 after all . 
  man , turkey sure has a lot of terrorists wanting to kill them . 
  i love how they just gave the french a part of the country , all like `` you know ... you can have a slice , whatever . '', 
  woah , little one . 
  vicious propaganda is dangerous . 
  beer ranking : 1 . 
  germany 2 . 
  czech republic 5 . 
  well , the whole lets-go-there-in-the-first-place and then , afterwards , the lets-fuck-the-shit-up is on the portuguese . 
  your blind hatred for the british empire makes you miss the point of this conversation completely . 
  but yeah , i wo n't fix stupid on the internet . 
  which does n't change my point . 
  how does that piece of information that i already knew in any way invalidate my point ? 
  because we have panzers and you do n't . 
  actually , we started concentration camps in 1933 . 
  well , the spanish being six years late to work is to be expected . 
  well , you guys still steal our fucking taxes with your ridiculous tax haven tax rates . 
  gib back our rich people and we show remorse . 
  good point . 
  so , fucking pigs is fair game ? 
  no , not quite . 
  it just kinda didnt happen . 
  in 1956 , the maltese voted to become part of the uk - which never really was realized - with a 77 % of the vote . 
  in 1964 then , malta voted on a new constitution and approved of it with like 55 % . 
  the new constitution made malta a sovereign commonwealth realm - effectively making it fully independent and ruining the integration with the uk . 
  well , if you lot learned to surrender in the face of assured military annihilation , we would be able to save the ammunition . 
  10/10 line of argument, 
  total war against the dutch ? 
  that sounds about as boring as `` looking for honest taxpayers in luxembourg '' . 
  well , macron , you probably should n't make pr work in germany just yet . 
  focus on , you know , trying to win the election . 
  belgium is the country we kind of just invade by the sideline everytime we need to get to paris asap . 
  belgium makes delicious waffles . 
  there is ~ ~ the truth ~ ~ a conspiracy that belgium does not exist . 
  it is really greater bielefeld in that regard . 
  belgium is really just a disguised province of france that illegally occupies germanic minorities ... or something , the national democrats are not quite clear in their xenophobia . 
  belgian waffles are amazing . 
  for some reason , the belgians make stone versions of naked little kids pissing out water instead of normal fountain statues that civilized countries would use . 
  and then they act surprised when we occupy their capital again . 
  man , the waffles . 
  this time ? 
  the kid at 1:29 nothing, 
  good on him . 
  oh , the queen lives forever . 
  just out of spite . 
  iz easy : if you accept glorious merkel as your true leader , you are central europe . 
  if not , fuck back off to croatia and the other dweebs . 
  he never was a `` hero '' to me and i dont care about hillary greatly . 
  however , he is holding back leaks about russia ever since the start of this decade . 
  go ahead , link me wikileaks reveals about the putin regime since around 2010 , perhaps i will change my opinion . 
  do n't get me wrong , to each his own and he is free to ally with whomever he likes . 
  but we should stop thinking of assange as a defender of freedom . 
  the only thing he defends is a dangerous government poisoning its political opponents . 
  that 's because i created millennium dawn , i presume . 
  currently in development : [ the yurop boner ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/311e54cfe2880ad0d5cbb19345236ad4.jpg ), 
  wikileaks is allied with russia now , so do n't hold your breath . 
  2016 is like : * nope , you do n't survive me either . 
  poland is not yet lost . 
  oh snap , rectangle got rekt rektangle, 
  in proper political systems , he would not have . 
  nice try , frauke . 
  text that is _ partially _ in italics . 
  thanks , adolf, 
  there , there , buddy . 
  at least you have silesia . 
  well , there is * ora et labora * as well , so a singular imperative directed at a large group is not unprecedented . 
  holy hell people . 
  the guy is fucking dead and you guys pretend like he deserved it . 
  being shot in the back by an assassin should not be a hazard to your job in my view . 
  a man was killed so that someone else could make a point . 
  a man will not return to his family or get to live his life to the fullest because of another man . 
  oh , the humanity . 
  at least we did n't chop hands off our colonial peoples . 
  we just shot them . 
  the problem is drawing a border between * christian * and * european * . 
  pretty much everything we do and we are is related to the pope and his homeboys somehow . 
  sloppy farts say that .
