  quite clearly different . 
  do they look different to you ? 
  the eu flag is upside down . 
  when he married eva sch\u00e4rf , obv, 
  probably the iron vanguard of the christian democrats , but a christian democrat nonetheless . 
  or low , depending how you look at it . 
  i believe the story with the ussr is a myth iirc . 
  but the one with sweden is correct . 
  yeah boi , france is our bro . 
  then ... do n't do it . 
  do n't lose your job because of reddit . 
  you 're like the only of us who has one . 
  i am still not quite sure they exist . 
  i should probably go outside to find out . 
  ayyyy i get it, 
  i would even say most original . 
   responsible for nearly all evil in this world how big is putin 's dick ? 
  from sucking it so hard , you have to know . 
  well , i can just say that the church is the entire pride of every catholic village . 
  i guess it is a church more so than a chapel . 
  a little chapel of about 50 meters tall . 
  yeah , village life . 
  exactly . 
  \\ #mussoliniwasright ( wingandanutjob ), 
   trump has a cosy relationship with putin , who , as you 'll notice , is also near-universally distrusted and disliked by the british public . 
  make that all of europe , kamerad . 
  these damn albanians are coming to take our jerbs . 
  it is because of swedish unwillingness to stand with german ideals like that one that we lost the war !, 
  it depends . 
  i say * danzig * , * breslau * , * stettin * and * mailand * , but then i also say * bratislava * and * kaliningrad * . 
  it comes to if i can pronounce it , ( looking at you , sczczczczezecin ) , if it sounds weird ( pressburg sounds super weird to me ) , if i like the name . 
  ( kaliningrad sounds badass ), 
  the empire shall rise again !, 
  from tijuana to cape hoorn !, 
  except for brazil . 
  nobody wants brazil . 
  one of the benelux states , probably . 
  i 'd say the netherlands . 
  i just love the dutch . 
  except for wilders . 
  fuck that dude . 
  can confirm , germany is fucking mainstream . 
  * the sun has truly set on you , old enemy . 
  you were good , brother , real good . 
  maybe even the best . 
  good comparison actually . 
  fuck both le pen and farage . 
  look , the hill may be steep to take , but it is better than having the donald . 
  i do n't want to get nuked . 
  found the walloon . 
  i think you might be a disguised swede , i am not quite sure though . 
  the casual hate for gypsies identifies you as 100 % romanian . 
  eating lasagne is always totally right . 
  you italians need to set your priorities . 
  you could even disguise it as patriotism . 
  no worries , you guys just need to be protected from yourself . 
  ^ ^ reichsprotektorat , ^ ^ anyone ? 
  in fact , the only time article 5 was called was over a terrorist attack which was only loosely , if at all , connected to the government of afghanistan . 
  sorry buddy , but we will have shoot that down . 
  the balkans . 
  then a bunch of polish trucks , a few frenchies and dutchies , that rounds it up . 
  regarding number 2 , you definitely have a point with the comparison to america and russia , but russia has infinite numbers of autonomy levels with a bureaucracy and hierarchy thereof that makes even belgium nod in appreciation . 
  and the united states ... well , you guys have a common language . 
  of course many europeans speak english , but we do not want to . 
  and `` we '' especially means the french in that regard . 
  also , how would political parties and the political apparatus work ? 
  in europe , we have mmp , two-round direct voting and regional first past the post as parliamentary and presidential ways of voting - and thats just germany , france and britain !, 
  next question : the eu gives great overrepresentation to its minor countries ( much like the united states to its states ) . 
  sure , estonia has 3 votes and germany has 96 ( 1:32 ) , but germany is actually 45 times more populous than estonia . 
  if you were to dump the entire european parliament - an easily modifiable system - and replaced it with voting districts ... would you artificially weigh these so estonia gets more districts per capita than germany does ? 
  oh i am sure the germans would be delighted . 
  but if you do n't , germans just outweigh about 15 currently independent states on their own . 
  throw in france , spain and italy and these four states control nearly half of the seats in a proportional government . 
  if these peoples reach any kind of consensus , the other 23 are screwed . 
  which language would run the court ? 
  would there be ethnic ratios to assure that a highly educated ethnic group is not able to just take over the country ? 
  ( the germans , the french , the dutch all could be contenders for this title . ), 
  -- you see ? 
  united states of europe sounds awesome . 
  finally a country that is in the weight class of the united states of america and the people 's republic of china . 
  the problem though ? 
  with all their issues , china and america * work * . 
  europe would not . 
  that is super interesting . 
  sorry boys, 
  thanks , donald . 
  yankees are cool , man . 
  fuck the dixies tho . 
  the north pole , the south pole , warsaw , now the sexy pole . 
  i do n't seen anything wrong with it . 
  ^ ^ they ^ ^ are ^ ^ the ^ ^ panzer ^ ^ elite , ^ ^ born ^ ^ to ^ ^ compete , ^ ^ never ^ ^ retreat, 
  the accents of english-speaking germans are hilariously cringy . 
  well i 'm sold . 
  whatever you think about that - and apparantly reddit tends to agree with you - a ukrainian crimea is preferable to a russian military invasion and a russian crimea . 
  and you both never pay your damn debt , you lazy southerners and horrible wartime allies !, 
  uggggh , running this continent is hard . 
  let 's grab some pizza . 
  uhh , spain , go home , you 're drunk . 
  go shag portugal or italy . 
  * mein kampf * , obviously .
