  oh , finns clearly were untermenschen according to the nazis , but hitler just named their entire people honorary aryans . 
  * [ who is jewish i shall decide . ], 
  there was also that one time they tried to make the japanese a descendant of the master race . 
  well that 's something . 
  proud of you , croatian friendos . 
  * insk, 
  basically , 2009 sucked for everybody , but poland managed to grow its economy even in that year . 
  other than that , the 90s and 00s were good anyway . 
  germany ? 
  in this case , the effect you describe is reversed , so that explanation does not make much sense . 
  the reason might be that east germany is dominantly irreligious , while west germany is not . 
  i never said that . 
  i know that he has revealed truths and that he has done good . 
  but if you ally with putin , you are an asshole . 
  if you like putin , you are probably an asshole . 
  if you stop releasing emails hurting russia and start targeting the west specifically , you are an asshole . 
  stop protecting assange as the truth bringer that he is not . 
  manning is a truth bringer . 
  snowden is a truth bringer . 
  assange decides which truths to release , at the direct guidance of the kremlin . 
  sure , you could point this to be whataboutism ; which it is not in my opinion , but he is a biased enemy of the west and of europe . 
  while what he releases might be the truth , it is always the truth that he wants , not the truth itself . 
  and if you do n't care about russian crimes against humanity , ask the ukrainians where that can lead you . 
  currently , the anti-missile shield is not capable of deflecting the entirety of russia 's nuclear arsenal , which is monstrous at over 4,000 warheads . 
  russia being concerned about the anti-missile shield would only make sense if their nuclear arsenal is less prepared and menacing than they pretend it to be - and while i do n't doubt that some of those 4,000 warheads are not battle ready , i still view russia 's nuclear capability as greater than the missile shield 's defensive capability . 
  yeah , if putin tells him to , i am sure he will . 
  i was trying to expand on your joke . 
  people did n't take it too well , you included . 
  no , i do n't want ecuador to protect russia 's agents . 
  let russia do it themselves . 
  i get that people like manning , as manning has stood trial . 
  i get that people like snowden , as snowden has expressed that he wants to help his people with his relevations . 
  assange meanwhile just wants money , attention and fame . 
  he has allied himself with the kremlin and is thus , in my opinion , my enemy . 
  i do n't need to feel bad for him . 
  good . 
  today in `` marxists saying stupid shit '' : * medieval serfdom is preferable to capitalism !, 
  i did n't say `` bad '' flags . 
  bad flags rather than boring flags are of course worse than serfdom . 
  ^ ^ unban ^ ^ pls, 
  ehhh , i will take boring flags over serfdom . 
  drain the swamp !, 
  its a ^ ^ moderately ^ ^ sized yuge rectangle . 
  just like portugal . 
  that 's it , gentlemen : both the difficult spanish-portuguese relationship and the portuguese national unity in just four replies !, 
  our kaisers are the best kaisers , believe me , everyone says so . 
   average andriey have your god damn upvote, 
  it 's fake . 
  he copied the parts from the chinese brackets ; cut down `` english ( british ) '' and `` english ( american ) '' and psed around . 
  your flair is somewhat off . 
  try the russian one . 
  well , the moment has passed . 
  nrw as well , but standard non-observation platform is the standard down here in the bonn area . 
  thank god this is coming out of favor . 
  germany has invented the automobile , space travelling rockets and the printing press , but we are known for toilets that are inferior in every way to the ones everybody else uses . 
  iz national disgr\u00e4ce , ja !, 
  ... wait , what ? 
  the european left is the thing trump is fighting against . 
  yo , i appreciate the compliment , but `` germany '' = / = `` europe '' , heh . 
  they took austria 's coastline , and thank god for it . 
  so did i. 
  so , you think the fact that there are russian germans excuses putin 's authoritarian style of poisoning political opponents and invading neighboring countries ? 
  we should not support putin . 
  we can be against refugees and concerned with our international relationship with the russian people , but putin has to be off limits . 
  the guy is an asshole and so is the afd for supporting him . 
  well , one of em got the most votes for president and another one got the second most for vice president , so yay ? 
  that is most certainly true . 
  i would like to formally apologize to the european and world community . 
  you probably mean _ embarassing _ . 
  and your attempt at trolling is about as hot as the surface of neptune and about as successful as the syrian rebels . 
  well , freedom is not free . 
  drop the us or drop the us . 
  11.5 % for russia is at least 10 % too much . 
  pretty ashamed of my countrymen right now . 
  technically , that would be `` exporting '' , as importing can only be done by the receiving country . 
  and if france wanted to get rid of these refugees , the germans could do nothing to stop them . 
  maybe it is just you living in a little anti-refugee bubble that you think affects the entire eu except for germany . 
  spaniards not understanding basic economic terminology is not surprising though . 
  it certainly explains why we had to `` import '' euros to spain . 
  you salute the american flag , yet you eviscerate words like `` humor '' . 
  cheers for being a douche about being called out for making a tasteless and bad joke . 
  now i 'm glad we germans stopped trying to annex these guys < 3, 
  i think i and others downvoted your comment because 1 . 
  your joke takes away from the great bravery and sacrifice these heroes of their countries were willing to make in order to save not only their homeland but the world from fascism ( similar to the `` french surrender monkeys '' jokes when you think about it ) . 
  it was a bad joke . 
  you think that democracy means _ `` theresa may does what she wants with a generic popular mandate and no specific policy plan '' _ ? 
  that is at least odd . 
  britain has a parliament for exactly this reason . 
  may can not just trigger article 50 and see what happens ( i think she totally should because i would find it funny , but i am not british , so there is that ) , she needs to have parliamentary approval to a plan she presented to them . 
  yo , what is that supposed to mean ? 
  yes it does , rowling based the subdivisions of the wizard money on exactly that . 
  i do n't know , the eu is still pretty close to israel as well . 
  sure , we will trade with iran , but they are still a jingoistic force with a concerning human rights record . 
  it will be like with the saudis : telling them to fix their shit , all the while selling them tanks . 
  the alternative would be iran and the middle east . 
  the land route to asia is not the most comfortable . 
  call the firefighters , greece just burst into flames . 
  you 're not wrong, 
  we 'll just stand over here . 
  your countrymen went for pumpkinhead instead .
