  get it ? 
  never mind . 
  german bureaucracy is a great thing , is n't it ? 
  work permits and documents like that are a pain to acquire , i can only imagine . 
  have all my euromonies . 
  well , not all of them . 
  some of them i need to be able to work for more euromonies . 
  got ta watch our lil brothers :3 just in case you try to start another colonial empire or something silly like that . 
  ca n't stop wo n't stop wait , arent we doing lucio lines now ? 
  yay slovenia , i guess ? 
  there is currently literally no scenario without merkel . 
  black red and black green ( if both parties stay strong or the fdp fails ) are the only things i see happening right now . 
  if the left strengthens ( schulz might help if he wins ) , red red green might be possible in theory . 
  but that would require a left wing consensus that does n't really exist . 
  yeah , it 's merkel . 
  `` the headline is wrong but it does n't matter because everyone knows better . '', 
  or , to rewrite that ... `` sources of information do n't need to be accurate because everyone has the information . '', 
  yeah , you would n't pass a journalism class . 
  i want to talk to the professor who taught you economics . 
  if they exist , they 're full of shit . 
   they lose to polish cav all the time . 
  they are technically not even able to `` lose '' . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  he is working on immortality for himself , so he can be eternal president longer than kim il-sung . 
  cameron was not a thing back then . 
  citation needed, 
  that is not what i said and you know that . 
  neither could his citizens . 
  he pulled through with it . 
  at least the man has backbone . 
  stay strong , italy . 
  we still love you . 
  dude , you are not making any point at all . 
  croatia 's history is completely irrelevant to this story . 
  sorry to tell you , but your country is not the measurement for the world . 
  oh shit , here we go with the historical discussion of french military prowess again . 
  no , german citizens voted a guy who ca n't speak their language into the mayor position in a city of 200,000 . 
  obviously . 
  back in the 30s , hitler wanted to ally with the muslims against the jews . 
  nowadays , the political right wing apparantly tries the other way around . 
  this is objectively interesting to me . 
  but the supreme court does . 
  a country is not defined by what it was created to be , but what it is right now . 
  ask any serious political scientist and they will confirm what i stated in my reply . 
  ** breaking news ** : the pens used in austrian election were faulty , claims hofer . 
  austrian election will have to be repeated . 
  uwot, 
  austria is a federal state , just like the united states . 
  it consists of bundesl\u00e4nder , which take similar roles to states inside the us , even though with a far more powerful central government ( the us central government is exceptionally weak compared to other federal states ) . 
  the united states is not `` a union of states '' either , for that matter , that would be a confederation ( or confederacy , if you will ) . 
  as states can not leave without the consent of the us legislature , the united states is a federalized country rather than a country-ized federation . 
  the united states electoral system is owed to the time it was created in and to the fact that the two ruling parties profit from it . 
  a majority of americans on both sides of the aisle want the electoral college reformed , which is certainly interesting . 
  ... a what ? 
  renzi made a mistake to tie his future to the vote . 
  he should have said `` i can take a no and will stay in office '' and then the vote would actually be about the constitution , not about renzi . 
  everybody who hates renzi will vote no to see him gone rather than considering the possible long term benefits of a yes vote . 
  thats at least how i perceive it . 
  mmmh ... 
  i would love me some breakfast . 
  got ta go work for the volkswirtschaftsaufschwungsprogramm though . 
   because their kids come home from school and no longer ask about help with math , rather they want to know what gender they are at age 12 sure thing . 
  ... the username certainly checks out . 
  and that means that florida will not determine the chancellory . 
  well , yes and no . 
  with spd voters , he scores about 60-40 to 70-30 split ; he is definitely more popular there . 
  but with german voters at large , it is 40 % schulz , 30 % gabriel and 30 % `` i dont give a fuck the spd are the bitch of the cdu anyway '' so , while i am a / r/the _ schulz boy through and through ... my realistic political side calls this one for merkel . 
  well , you got us there . 
  presidents come and go , the guillotine is eternal . 
  that is false . 
  yay , i guess ? 
   cardinal norbert  cardinal simplicio that 's fucking brilliant . 
  how evil of him, 
   man , fuck the croats . 
  - vladimir putin, 
   from a gaullist perspective , coupled with an element of anglophobia . 
  so , a gaullist perspective . 
  no , you need to stop being so ~ ~ irish ~ ~ amateurish and become more british . 
  stiff lip all day every day . 
  't was a joke, 
  the epp with the perfect score . 
  aww , i expected le pen to vote for the eu army . 
  she seems like a lovely and reasonable old lady you would want to be your neighbor . 
  ^ ^ quick , ^ ^ someone ^ ^ rescue ^ ^ alsace ^ ^ lorraine, 
   learning polish or bulgarian would n't hurt you . 
  you mean , in germany ? 
  sure , it would n't hurt us , but it would be completely unnecessary . 
  yay, 
  well , the main thing is really the possibility of how languages connect words to form new terms . 
  you can use spaces , hyphens or just pop the words together back to back . 
  english still has some words that were created this third way , like `` policeman '' . 
  but english largely sticks to the other two ways . 
  it makes the language more readable and friendly to newcomers . 
  but it 's also less cool . 
  you tried so hard , but that comparison just falls flat . 
  ye , you see ? 
  worthless . 
  we should focus on massenvernichtungslangstreckenraketen, 
  so , what you are saying is `` german stayed relevant because of economic reasons '' . 
  great .
