  if this is meant to be a piece of propaganda one way or the other , it failed . 
  if it is meant to make me confused , it succeeded . 
  while * opitimist * is not a word , you have my pity . 
  * guess who 's back * ( hint : it 's the ottoman empire ), 
  the guy 's * so happy * . 
  i love it . 
   what 's not to like ? 
  well , there might be a few things ... 
  * checks again * nope , the vaterland is there . 
  yeah , he made his name fighting against the orcish horde under illidan stormrage . 
  i feel bad for britain 's young people , who will get many opportunities ripped away from them . 
  however , i respect the decision of the british people and wish us all the best during the proceedings - but i can not help but support a very hardline stance from the european side . 
  i am not looking to convince anyone . 
  the fact that a tongue-in-cheek comment on my part manages to trigger quite a few people is pleasing however . 
  i can however provide an analogy to put the motives i describe into further context . 
   i do n't believe you when you say degeneracy is only in a few homosexuals . 
  i think you 're lying . 
  convince me . 
  as it turns out , many members of the lgbt crowds do n't appreciate condemning entire population groups based on the actions of a few . 
  yeah , those filthy kenyans are stealing dutch jobs !, 
   remove the eu flair for the banner . 
  sure . 
  start with the necessary reforms . 
  yep , our move to keep the whole thing from collapsing . 
  ca n't blame us for being careful . 
  dw having that title game down . 
   europeans ' use of the raw popular vote leaves them vulnerable to demogogues and con men . 
  til the us is european, 
   the chancellor who `` coincidentally '' wins every election she also receives the most votes in each of these elections . 
  i know you americans do n't quite understand the concept yet , but over here , the person with the greatest amount of support wins . 
  the rest of europe refers to them as `` minor humps in the landscape '' . 
  but the dutch love em , so we let them to it . 
  our brothas . 
  hitler , of course , also joking . 
  german humor is no laughing matter . 
  poland is not yet lost , friendo . 
  no bamboozles now / u/pinguy !, 
  eh , been there , tried that . 
  did n't work out . 
   you stood up to dubya while everyone else was too scared to think yo , cut the vaterland some slack . 
  back to remind you for free . 
  how 'd it go ? 
  we just need towels . 
  you da real mvp, 
  epic world war 2 documentary style announcer voice : * merkel takes another state . 
  damn you edited our your grammatical mistake ? 
  come oooon, 
   well it tastes meaty . 
  and that is all the german cuisine cares for when it is about meat . 
  i think that 's a declaration of war . 
  let 's go to * slovenia * instead . 
  nice . 
  you dropped a \\ \\ there . 
  oh yeah , turkey finds kurdish independence far more threatening than islamic fundamentalists . 
  i think russia actually has the largest stockpile of nukes . 
  and yeah , turkey could definitely switch gears and get the engine rolling in syria . 
  it 'd be better than this `` let 's screw with the kurds '' thingo they are having right now . 
  excellent points , even though you do make a lot of unproven assumptions about the quality of the old and the new officers , their fighting spirit and the size of the purges . 
  also , you would have to carry on this thought - surely russia is also weaker than france due to its internal corruption ? 
  turkey is of course not using its full military power against is and neither would france . 
  were france to devolve the same relative of her forces , is would also not have been defeated yet . 
  this is not helped by the fact that turkey only fights very specific objectives . 
  which does n't say anything regarding a comparison to france . 
   unless it 's 2300 and you accidentally wander into germany half drunk ( not my proudest moment ) . 
  story time , let 's hear it . 
  that is not what i said . 
  numbers do n't equal a victory , weapon systems do . 
  but a larger number of inferior systems can absolutely overrun a smaller number of superior systems . 
  france operates 406 leclercs ? 
  excellent . 
  turkey operates 354 leopard 2a4 , 397 leopard 1a3 , 170 m60t , 762 m60a3 tts and 850 m48a5t2 . 
  the same picture is drawn with air power . 
  you get the idea . 
  it is a typical western mindset that european powers are invincible , so i do n't blame you for having it . 
  i stand by my point . 
  turkey is stronger than france . 
  strongest as in numbers . 
  turkey stands at 500,000 , france at 200,000 . 
  turkey , even with somewhat inferior systems , would absolutely take france in a fight . 
   those wanting to preserve the eu 's current strength want as soft of a brexit as possible . 
  i doubt the validity of that statement . 
  the eu now needs to punish britain as harshly as possible in order to go the way of least resistance to preserve the union . 
  the only people wanting a soft brexit are the brits and the eurosceptics that want their respective countries to leave as well . 
  alright france , let 's do this . 
  france is semi-presidential , meaning the parliament holds only limited sovereignity over the head of state , the president . 
  canada and most european countries clearly put the parliament above the head of government and the head of state . 
  the united states goes the other direction . 
  now , what powers does the french president hold ? 
  let 's look at the list . 
  ( note that many of these powers are de facto somewhat tied to approval from either the parliament or the prime minister , but as long as these two stay loyal to the president , there is no one to check him down . 
  if the two are illoyal , they still can hardly stop the president , but they obviously have their own abilities to make his/her a mess . ), 
  * supreme command of the french army . 
  the french army is the third strongest in europe after russia and turkey and also controls the third largest nuclear arsenal in the world , after russia and the united states . 
  the usage of said nuclear arsenal can not be ordered by any military officer or politician except directly by the president . 
  * the president can veto each law passed by parliament once ; the so-called * suspensive veto * . 
  it 's very much a ceremonial power , but can also be used to sway parliamentary members belonging to the same party as the president in his favor - if they not already are . 
  * also , france has a constitutional court since 1974/2008 ( depending on how you define the outlines of a cc ) . 
  the president can directly submit a law to the court to ensure its constitutionality before it can pass should he/she doubt said constitutionality . 
  * the president can disolve the national assembly , the lower house . 
  * as long as pm and parliament agree , the president can call referenda on major laws , changes to the constitution and international treaties .
