  two different countries being ruled by the same king does n't make them the same country . 
   eesti beesti go the whole way , friendo . 
  the asshole would-be king . 
  turkey itself is a fascinating and beautiful place . 
  they are just not very good at picking an acceptable candidate as their leader . 
  it 's such a long way to paris though : /, 
  ~ ~ through belgium ! ~ ~, 
  everyone but the cdu/csu has completely blocked the afd . 
  the cdu/csu has several internal factions at least not opposed to the idea , but i would doubt angela hops on that train ( unless it gets really popular , because she is a little populist deep inside ) . 
  however , the kicker is that that the afd itself has ruled out coalitions in which it is a junior partner . 
  that means that they need to come in first to even have a considerable chance . 
  and i highly doubt they 'll come in first . 
  and , worse , he chose * orange * . 
  `` fucking immigrants they do n't speak our language and do n't respect our culture '' `` what do you mean they use online services to try and learn the language ? 
  fucking immigrants '', 
  well , putting le pen into the center right is controversial at best . 
  i am more fascinated with the balance of these factions rather than with the factions themselves i suppose . 
  fillon voters are very interesting with that three way split . 
  maybe if russians stopped bombing syrians , the syrians would stop being a domestic concern to swedes . 
  we have a few border corrections to propose , dutchie . 
  that 's got ta be a new record . 
  most i 've seen so far is 6 of the same post . 
  inefficiency can never be accepted !, 
  all things inefficient must be destroyed !, 
   not the place to spread your beliefs about politics . 
  you sure ? 
  that is what is called * the belgium effect * . 
  kids these days wo n't even appreciate a good old bttf joke . 
  have my upvote . 
  they recently connected his dead body to a power station . 
  it 's turning out quite a bit of electricity . 
  in the 5 months the rest of the world doesnt have , poland secretly goes into space . 
  that 's not what `` white '' means in this case . 
  white is a pretty stupid term for the reason you mentioned ( and because people generally are pink not white , asians included ) , but in this case , it is safe to assume that * caucasian * is what is referred to . 
  freedom of speech extends only to the government , protecting you from the government silencing you . 
  you can not force other individuals to listen to your opinions and they can tell you to shut the fuck up . 
  b\u00f6hmen-m\u00e4hren , you 're the best . 
  stealing latvian potato . 
  valid objection . 
  yeah , disregarding the community at large and shutting down possible input from non-french speakers . 
  but that literally is what i was getting at in my comment , so there is that :p, 
  speaking english when glorious french is an option ? 
  there is nothing to ` twist ' if you respond in a completely unrelated way . 
  that is twisting in its own right really . 
   more like `` i 'm not one of the most corrupt persons ever to run for president '' imo . 
  ehhhh . 
  like healthcare , not getting shot by toddlers or not having the love child of benito mussolini and a mango as our head of government ? 
   most of the people do not trust any political force , be it the government or the opposition . 
  what is the story behind putin 's reasonably high approval rating then ? 
   `` none of you can prevent us , '' he told a campaign event in southern turkey . 
  `` we can go anywhere we want , meet our citizens , hold our meetings . '', 
  no , you ca n't . 
  we and the dutch have stopped you before and we shall do it again , at our own discretion . 
  we do n't fuck with you in turkey either , do n't try to fuck with us in the netherlands or germany . 
   `` the german-turkish friendship runs deeper than the diplomatic tensions we are experiencing today , '' he [ sigmar gabriel ] wrote in an essay published in the bild am sonntag newspaper on sunday . 
  `` we can not allow hate and misunderstanding to grow out of political differences . '', 
  the turkish government has accused the german government of supporting kurdish terrorism and the recently imprisoned journalist of being a german spy . 
  so , hate and misunderstanding have already been provided . 
  ( side note : other germans will hopefully appreciate the humor in the fact that he warns against hate and misunderstanding in the bild am sonntag . ), 
  very worrying developments indeed . 
  as if the entente would have given a fuck if italy had wanted it . 
  to kazakhstan ? 
  very proud , because they love you < 3, 
  well , recep , if we are so evil and aid the terrorists , you can cut off trade relations and you surely wo n't mind us vetoing you the heck out of any eu accession talks and that whole freedom of movement thing wo n't fly either . 
  i mean , if we were just another country , these relations would be important , but we are aiding terrorists !, 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  you have a moral obligation to screw us over !, 
  please , turkish people , do n't give him that referendum win . 
  invading countries is fun , i 'm in !, 
  wait , where are we going ? 
  i think an important point why females are generally not conscripted is the cost behind each conscript and the statistical chance that a male conscript is more fit for combat than a female one . 
  not defending that position ( i do n't know how true it is ) , but it might play a role . 
  what do you think ? 
  actually , i do disagree , because there is no rational reason to have such a stance . 
  i will go fuck myself now then , i suppose . 
  way to kill any sensible discussion on a forum about discussion by the way , which kind of rendered you sharing your opinion pointless . 
  i never implied i do . 
  i am just calling out the other dude on his bullshit . 
  ( also , if we were to actually look at that example of yours , the popular vote lined up with the popular forecasts ( +2 clinton ) , it is the electoral college that did not . 
  that means you just admitted that in a popular system like the french one , polls can be pretty accurate and that le pen might actually lose . 
  just something interesting to note . ), 
   99 % chance of france going into civil war . 
  it 's a no brainer , have you listened to / u/dieunbequemewahrheit ? 
  you might be trolling or you just destroyed your own argument . 
  either way , well done . 
  actually , the title just says `` nationalist '' . 
  something that these mps would probably gladly accept as a political label , would n't you agree ? 
  you 're not our puppets . 
  just our adoptive sons < 3, 
  stop believing the polls !, 
  believe a random nutjob on the internet instead !, 
  sure , but only one person will be president either way , and not having mlp be that person is the most important thing to both candidates right now , i 'd assume . 
  fair points . 
  market liberals and libertarians are indeed interchangeable terms to me , at least in the english language . 
  well , as i said , to us it is . 
  no , not really . 
  we europeans use the term `` liberal '' where americans say libertarian . 
  european libertarians are a specific branch of right wing liberalism . 
  the fdp , the libdems and others are in this category . 
  it is quite interesting how in american terminology , liberal became the opposite of conservative whereas in europe many conservatives are liberals to some extent .
