  i think exemption from visa is more than fair . 
  me and my family has green passports which lets us travel to schengen without visas but if i did n't i would be really annoyed . 
  also the ascension wo n't happen so you should n't worry about that either . 
  i agree with you but you seem to hate erdo\u011fan even more than the turks here , who live in his country . 
  also you never say kurds without prefacing with `` secular '' and `` progressive '' . 
  do n't defend akp supporters please . 
  they may be less educated but they very well know what erdo\u011fan is doing . 
  it 's not as bad as russia . 
  our government 's critics do n't suddenly disappear , they are usually fined and at most jailed . 
  i know it 's pretty bad compared to western europe but still a lot better than russia . 
  lol i would agree but i once saw him defend chp, 
  i was n't aware we celebrated the young turks . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  or maybe it 's because they are the syrian affiliate of a terrorist group that is currently waging war in turkey ? 
  yeah you even wrote it with a '' \u00fc '' :p, 
  h\u00fcrriyet is one the only good newspapers so pls no . 
  can you write a quick top 20 ( in your opinion ) of the strongest navies in the world ? 
  topkek, 
  it 's not like the countries he listed are any more warn-torn than ukraine . 
  and to my knowledge they are all * less * war-torn . 
  i voted for him twice in the last years ' elections but come on you know that turkish people value `` leadership qualities '' a lot and he just does n't seem like one . 
  he 's obviosuly miles ahead of erdo\u011fan , bah\u00e7eli etc but we need a young face . 
  more like 25 . we need a more charismatic leader for chp . 
  lol, 
  thanks fot the answer . 
  romania should re-incentivise them towards france maybe :p, 
  when and why did they send the gypies back and how did the gypsies go into the western europe in the first place ? 
  yeah i agree . 
  also i like your dad 's music . 
  dw u 'll still get in before us, 
  use of circumflex makes it easier to remember the words since historically it replaces the letter `` s '' . 
  you probably need to be able to speak russian ( or ukr ) though right ? 
  by some people you mean the entire turkish education system right ? 
  also chinese build their wall cuz they were scared of us great turks obv, 
  turkey ? 
  and nigeria at this pace, 
  what is so hard about sinking the boats ? 
  does n't australia have a similar policy ? 
  jesus christ man we 're not barbarians . 
  ^ we ^ use ^ the ^ right ^ hand . 
  did n't know eu and nato were the same thing , sorry my bad . 
  turkey wants eu 's help with russia ?!, 
  what are some audiobooks you would recommend ? 
  ww1/ww2 / any other war, 
  i 'd like to see that link, 
  you see putin 's shirtless pics all the time but in fact erdo\u011fan is even more muscular , he just doesnt want everyone to know, 
  dammit i 'm tired of arguing with russians over the internet ... let 's make erdo\u011fan and putin fite irl and winner gets it all ... 
  did you just give him an order you ruskie ?? 
  ... maybe, 
  deal !, 
  cyka . 
  ok nine is the least i can do . 
  give me ten russian girls and we have a deal . 
  and we had just romoved visa requorements :p, 
  dude what ? 
  if you toss a coin and it 's tails , the next one has to be heads . 
  its the same logic . 
  the attack in paris + attacks in multiple cities in turkey probably, 
  i went to the french consulate in istanbul to take french the course today after a break of 6 months and this happened last night ... 
  there was a protest aganist isis in front of the building and they were condemning the paris attack as well as ankara , suruc etc. 
  the consulate is closed tomorrow so no french courses for me . 
  damn turks , they ruined turkey . 
  my knowledge of economics is n't great so i ca n't say this for sure but as seen by the [ depreciation of the lira ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=usd&amp;to=try&amp;view=10y ) , i think they are bad for the economy . 
  do you think lira will rise again and why do you think they are good at economics ? 
  lol i actually laughed when i saw those results for the first time . 
  all those parties that got 8-9 % and didnt get in ... 
  i 'd love to but there are too many hills and it 's huge compared to cities in europe, 
  thanks man, 
  you dont have to lol, 
  even if we did everything you wrote , we still have a quasi-putin at power so we should n't even be talking about it . 
  too lazy to google the answer, 
  why 3 counties and not 4, 
  yay , 
  lol then i shouldnt be prejudiced aganist european kebabs, 
  the kebap you have in europe is nothing compared to the real deal . 
  we 'll bring you adana kebap and iskender kebap , 
  come on you know you want us . 
  we will build kebab places to every street !, 
   if the chp is smart enough ( which they are n't ) i cri evrytiem, 
  a broken clock etc etc, 
  yeah , no . 
  yeah lol 98.9 % of the votes are either a 10 or a 1 :p, 
  yep , in my id my religion is listed as islam ( i dont have a religion ) and my blood type is empty ( i do have one ) ... 
  obviosly erdogan should be in jail but he is still democraticely elected . 
  we do n't know if his party will be able to form a government in 2019 since even in 2015 they had to have a second election to regain it . 
  but if half of turks still vote for his party then you europeans should tolerate him if you want to keep turkey as a `` partner '' . 
  check out the 42nd source , its from a kurdish site . 
  how they are claimed as independent is beyond me ... 
  the most important part imo :  ** what are your observations from your talks abroad ? 
  **   one of the reasons why some are not convinced is the fact that 50-60 ,000 people were suspended right after the coup . 
  so for those who live in an environment where there is an independent judiciary and meritocracy , the first thing they ask is whether the lists ( of suspensions ) were prepared beforehand . 
  another point they made was this : g\u00fclenists were an ally of the government , so how come this alliance broke so suddenly ? 
  and they were trying to understand how come they ( fet\u00d6 ) succeeded in infiltrating the state so much . 
  in their world a religious brotherhood and state affairs are two separate things . 
  we tried to explain that this is not a new phenomenon , that their way was opened during the akp ( terms in government ) via political alliance . 
  they understand a bit better when we talk about opus dei . 
  they are asking how we know that fet\u00d6 is behind the coup . 
  those we met who are in official positions seem to have a better analysis than the think tanks and the press . 
    but what the west needs to ask is this : how come political parties like the chp , which have been opposing the akp , were convinced within a day or two that fet\u00d6 was behind the coup ? 
  how is it that we who always differed and criticized the government were sharing the same view this time ?
