cant imagine how that feels, 
  wait why ? 
  [ why not ? 
  but but what about kosovo , albania , and bosnia, 
  how can you exclude our sweet erdogan :(, 
  and it says they died within several months of each other , wow . 
  do you know name of the german pilot that escorted the allied soldier and later become good friends with ? 
  it seems really interesting . 
  we dont really want them tho . 
  how about we annex the balkans instead, 
  top kek, 
  just fyi , muslims in haskovo are turks who have lived there for centuries . 
  are these in addition to accommodation and food ? 
  wait ... are you telling me that migrants in sweden get 700 dollars per month in welfare ? 
  lol i know they wont go back , but they are `` supposed '' to . 
  just look at the turkish people who live in germany today even tho its not the same same logic can be applied . 
  what is the reasoning ? 
  poor countries = !, 
  war-torn countries . 
  if we 're getting real answer this : why do they keep making children ? 
  they should know their children 's lives arent gon na be stellar yet they still pop them out like they dont even care . 
  if they do n't care about their own children 's lives why should the host countries do ? 
  giving 2 million syrians citizenship * might * be a bit problematic . 
  why would they need to rebuild a life in another country if they are gon na be back home in a few years ( ok maybe more than a few but still ) . 
  kek, 
  beautiful, 
  wouldnt be suprised if he does it to get more votes, 
  tak, 
  are there less polish in netherlands who are on benefit than dutch as a percentage :o, 
  keep in mind that these `` refugees '' in europe you talk about arent really escaping from a war , its just that life is so much better in europe ( at least most of them , i think ) . 
  thousands of them risk their lives in calais to go from france to uk . 
  but syrian refugees really do escape from a war so people are a bit more understanding . 
  also i think the avarage turk is poorer so they can maybe sympathize more . 
  but people do complain . 
  i ca n't even give you an educated guess . 
  syria has all these different cultures and turkey has divides between its west and east . . 
  but to give you an idea in syria the hardcore muslims join isis , in turkey they support erdo\u011fan and he 's less religious than `` moderate '' rebels in syria . 
  right now they do n't pose much of a threat compared to our inability to form a government , erdo\u011fan , and pkk but i 'd say its like european countries where the immigrants cause problems but people know we ca n't just kick them out . 
  not a question but i just found out that your country 's population is 2 million and 2 million syrian refugees came to turkey since the start of the war . . 
  god as someone who was born in turkey and that really dislikes religion this guy rubs me in all the wrong fucking ways . 
  it is the style of piri reis, 
  istanbul is 15 times more populous than stockholm :p, 
  lol why dismantle turkey or iran, 
  * you say why stop at two . . three , four write in all the languages that you speak !, 
  yeah i like it since i 'm learning french and reading the french then english and then the french part again is a great way to cement my knowledge of french and takes just 30 seconds !, 
  unlike ww2 , in ww1 pretty much every country was at fault . 
  he caused ww1 brah , without him european countries would be coexisting peacefully . 
  he basically killed millions of people / s, 
  yep more than 95 % of the votes are counted . 
  i think 276 is the number to form the government, 
  they 'll have around 257 members in the parliment which is n't enough to form a government on their own . 
  this elections 's balkon konu\u015fmas\u0131 will be fun :d, 
  can you explain why davuto\u011flu is a retard a bit more ? 
  i mean he seems like a retard to me but can the ordinary-akp-voter see it ? 
  k\u00fcrt : kurd kurt : wolf ( more common ) , worm for non-turkish speakers, 
  soviets libarated stalingrad in january ' 43 , not ' 44 . 
  by killing their daughter they cleanse their family from shame or something i 'm not exactly sure but yeah, 
  turkish is just so simple . 
  there are no genders , almost to exceptions to conjugations , and each letter produces a unique sound . 
  it was so hard at first to learn english for this reason , but french is just so much worse and english seems so easy now . . 
  wow in turkish it 's almost the same . 
  he , she , it : o. 
  it was n't really a `` big '' empire after 1700s though . 
  without western intervention , it would have dissolved in 1800s . 
  yeah that one 's already on my list , and cant wait to read it . 
  160 $ is a bit much :p, 
  thanks , will add it to my to-read list . 
  any good books about it ? 
  well ... why * didnt * we allow the german defence minister to land in lesbos ? 
  lol they really hate turkey dont they, 
  why * do * you speak german though ? 
  why not austrian ??!? 
  greece shouldve done the same , in hindsight . 
  maybe they were bored of being only one country ? 
  i have no idea man . 
  probably israel played a hand , its always the jews . 
  i think he was rolling faster when the state he saved from ottomans partitioned poland just a century later with two other powers . 
  eu doesnt have anyone but themselves to blame . 
  they arent willing to stop the migrants , so turkey obviously takes advantage of this . 
  yes , the logical thing for eu to do would be to stop the migrants themselves . 
  anyway at least turkey gets something out of this mess . 
  i thought it was because churchill convinced stalin not to invade greece like other balkan countries . 
  the one which only managed to kill herself, 
  = ddddddd, 
  ur there , 32nd, 
  there is also japanese 's treatment of the chinese during ww2 of which the japanese still refuses . 
  turkey isnt claiming no armenians were killed . 
  she says it was `` civil war '' and both sides got killed unjustly . 
  it is actually true but the turks/kurds killed by armenians are really really low compared to armenians that got killed . 
  i 'd say armenia must accept that armenians also committed crimes aganist humanity ( a lot less than vice versa but still ) . 
  i think only if chp came to power ( secular , kemalist party ) there is a chance for reconciliation . 
  but they cant seems to get more than a quarter of the vote . 
  i think this will never be resolved ... 
  i mean almost half of turks vote for erdo\u011fan for gods sake . 
  i said i agree with all that you said , but in only in theory . 
  i think it 's hypocritical to expect turkey to pay while there are tens of countries who never paid a dime for their crimes . 
  the biggest example is russia who recognizes the armenian genocide but she herself committed two ( holodomor , prussia ) more recently than us . 
  why doesnt russia pay then ? 
  i 'm sure you know about the things your forebears suffered at the hand of soviets ( the one where they killed thousands of intelligentsia in a forest ) . 
  i know this is `` whataboutism '' but turkey has way bigger problems right know than paying reparations to the living 10 people of the genocide .
