  also if they really wan na get into schengen , they can just swim to one of the greek islands ( seriously some of them are maybe just a few hundred meters away ) . 
  most of them just want to spend a few weeks in greece orother countries . 
  and you get to return some of the migrants back to turkey and if they see that they cant actually get to europe hopefully they will stop coming . 
  dude they can get in right now as well , but they have to wait 1-2 weeks and pay 100 euros for a visa . 
  i can emphasize with them since i had to get a visa to go to the us one time and cant imagine doing it every time i want to go to europe . 
  and most importantly , you already have thousands of migrants getting in , are you really more afraid of people who legally get in than those who do it illegally ? 
  i think you 're misinformed here . 
  the current deal is about letting turks with regular passports into schengen without a visa for one month . 
  currently turks who hold a [ special passport ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_passport#types ) ( im one of them ) can do that . 
  so there isnt any deal being made that will `` let those islamists move freely to other countries '' . 
  lol what ? 
  why lump kemalists with the other two groups ? 
  we didnt achieve much of anything since atat\u00fcrk died tbh but yeah i hope so too . 
  i was just reading a biography of his life and to sum up it seems that he graduated in 1981 from a university that was formed in 1982 . 
  that 's what i mean , wahhabi crap needs to go . 
  `` tgd chairman sofuoglu thinks both sides have a responsibility . 
  he says the german state should show more respect for the turkish language , for islam , and ensure that everyone who has lived here for a long time can vote in municipal elections . 
  but he adds that there 's work to be done by turkish immigrants and turkish organizations . 
  the turkish associations need to participate more , show more loyalty to the german state and the german constitution '' this seems reasonable as long as `` respect '' doesnt meen meekly obeying the religious nuts ' demands . 
  is ... is this a single path ? 
  it was still the only good thing i remember him doing . 
  as all other things he did ended in failure i thought it was fair to at least give him this lol . 
  of course economically they were on the side of the allies from day one , i was speaking in terms of soldiers etc. 
  also thanks for the recommendation . 
  yes but as i remember he was the one to convince others to take the offensive . 
  if he didnt we wouldnt have joined the second balkan war . 
  i hope hdp can still reach 10 % tho . 
  pkk is still a lesser evil than erdo . 
  yup , and both kurds and turks will migrate to europe and the world will be a utopia !, 
  diversity is our strength after all . 
  what do you expect us to do ? 
  erdo\u011fan has ** at least ** 40 % of the country 's support , meanwhile other 50-60 percent is divided . 
  yeah i know dude lol . 
  he decided to play conqueror and is responsible for sar\u0131kam\u0131\u015f , then blamed it on armenians and caused the whole genocide thing . 
  also played the same conqueror game in africa and failed . 
  atat\u00fcrk personally hated him . 
  oh he also caused the ottoman empire to join the war by making some germans wear fez and attack russians in the black sea . 
  i think not even the other two pashas from the `` three pashas '' knew this . 
  also he dreamed of conquering other turkic countries in central asia . 
  during the indepence war he had the gall to ask atat\u00fcrk to come back . 
  he then went to russia somewhere and tried to set up a turkic country or something and was killed by the russians . 
  the only good he did was getting edirne back during the second balkan war . 
  lol i think north korea will get in before us so, 
  we also had the might bulgaria on our side . 
  idk how we lost it with them around . 
  in the second one they were at least the second biggest contributor to victory but on the first one all they did was give some manpower and morale to the allies . 
  yup , it 's pro-erdo\u011fan . 
  i never said they werent lol, 
  just fyi , people in turkey usually dont believe it was a genocide so it 's logical for them to call it that . 
  it implies turkish people werent at fault , which is again what they believe . 
  on wiki turkey is shown one of only few countries who pay more than two but obviously your source is more reliable . 
  i wonder why wiki has a different figure . 
  wiki also shows france more than two even though nato says it 's less . 
  turkey pays more than two, 
  why, 
  yes . 
  what is your point ? 
  im not being sarcastic btw, 
  no here it 's called tehcir which means forced migration, 
  its what people in turkey call it, 
  the sad thing is that corruption within akp is well known and almost half the population still vote for them . 
  yeah italian ice cream is the best . 
  i recently tasted toblerone and nutella ice cream and they were amazing . 
  1590 dat ottoman lake black sea, 
  so in actuality it 's part of turkey ? 
  no , they are a separate republic . 
  dont be so sure man turkey is the worlds biggest economy . 
  if we sanction you , you know it 'll be the end of your country . 
  most of them are complaining about the hashtag itself, 
  it 's too late man , we wont forgive you . 
  is your economy in ruins yet ? 
  and showing turkish cyprus on the map as if it 's part of turkey ... 
  you guys take this guy too seriously , he always says these kinds of stuff at his rallies but for some reason no one mentioned them until 1-2 years ago . 
  have you tried shooting one of their planes down ? 
  yep you 're right he 's not the only problem . 
  turkish people are still too islamic and uneducated . 
  he 's however a big chunk of the problem and if he were to die tomorrow at least half of our problems would go away . 
  also mhp isnt that islamic . 
  they tried to court some islamists in the 90s i think but now all those people went to akp . 
  i dont know what to tell you . 
  maybe he 'll cry so much that he 'll resign , hopefully . 
  why do * you * think he thinks i said that ? 
  oops . 
  what can i say ? 
  i cant seem to live a day without accidentally committing genocide :p, 
  no it comes from the us :p but yes turkey might not be as strong as the countries you mentioned but in all lists i saw turkey is in top 10 in the world, 
  come and see is a really great movie yes, 
  turkeys economy was pretty bad before 2000 tho, 
  lol if you listened to dan carlin 's podcast about the punic wars you wouldnt :( ( its so sad :d, 
  not just because of the syrian war . 
  we got bosporus , second biggest army in nato , g20 economy etc etc. 
  also a lotof the migrants come from afghanistan etc so even when the war isover they 'll keep coming ( unless europe develops a sensible immigration plan ) . 
  do you really think there is chance turkey will be in eu ? 
  i think even if we get rid of erdo\u011fan , solve the our kurdish and armenian problems it wont happen . 
  lol the point im trying to make is those people arent descendants of the carthaginians who got killed , ofc theyll be friends . 
  you 're the one who brought up stuff happened centuries ago so you should smile as well . 
  turkey will never be isolated in the foreseeable future because of her geopolitical importance so he can get away with it . 
  the victims of the genocide are all dead , how did they settle it ? 
  they dont even have any descendants since 90 percent of them were killed and 10 percent enslaved . 
  the slaves probably died too .
