    ** suppose i asked you that question . 
  **   every political party , every politician , anyone in turkey coming from a low income family , or anyone trying to enter military schools or anyone in official positions seeking to get promoted has a personal experience . 
  if not himself , then an acquaintance has an experience . 
  that 's why it was not a surprise . 
  there was something which we talked about , there were personal experiences , but it was something that could not be proven , in the form of an organizational network . 
  once the testimonies of the coup plotters were revealed , these overlapped with what they had been hearing here and there . 
  all this was also supported by the statements of former soldiers who were victim of the g\u00fclenists plots . 
  we were not convinced just because erdo\u011fan told us so . 
  where does it say that ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish\u2013turkish_conflict_ ( 1978 -- present ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdistan_communities_union  all the apoist political parties of greater kurdistan , including the pkk ( kurdistan workers ' party ) , pyd ( democratic union party ) so we do n't want an organisation that killed 40,000 people of us from getting stronger , fuck us right ? 
  yeah lol after his judges were in powerful positions thanks to erdogan . 
  the problem is that in turkish , turkish and turkic are the some word, 
  they dully stopped it when the germans turned out to be even worst tho . 
  yes , but it 's mandatory to stay for at least 3 weeks or the experience will be incomplete, 
  i hope they finally get the 4chan guy ... 
  sorry , did i trigger you ? 
  turkey does it all the time . 
   i 'd argue that this undermines our own culture . 
  we 're a continent that traditionally accepts refugees . 
  we should instead work on responding more quickly to civil war and getting early refugees in ( that are typically more educated , wealthy and family oriented ) as opposed to waiting until its too late and being unable to separate the wheat from the chaff . 
  this is simply impossible . 
  africa is currently increasing in population at an unprecedented rate , in 2030s you might have 20 million africans per year who want to come to europe to better their lives . 
  are you willing to take them in ? 
  there are better solutions than taking refugees for saving their lives . 
  a safe zone should be created in syria to accommodate them . 
  in any case a minority of the recent migrant influx is syrian . 
  also , it 's safe to say turkey has 3 million now syrians now . 
  they dont get fanatic out of nowhere , it they dont get in contact with radical preachers outside plus ca n't access to websites of the same nature they wont become convinced that they should `` kill infidels '' . 
  if they see others doing it , it 's gon na be more acceptable . 
  also if they see that their names or faces wont be on tv and no one will know that it was `` them '' who did the deed , some of them will not do it . 
  governments can easily ban websites , if half of muslims dont know to use vpns then that 's solves half the problem . 
  1 ) ban all extremist muslim/salafi/wahabist websites , twitter accounts etc in europe ( and do it right so not even vpn 's work if possible ) 2 ) if there are any violent preachers make them stop ( it doesnt matter how ) 3 ) dont let saaudi arabia or other wahabi countries fund mosques etc 4 ) dont take in anymore refugees ( yes second generation is more likely to do these attacks but still increasing their number only exacerbates the problem ) 5 ) dont reveal the names of the attackers or their pictures in news 6 ) also teaching a non-violent version of islam might be considered but idk how that 'd be done . 
  these four will either prevent the problem from getting worse and hopefully decrease it . 
  if something is not done soon tho it will get worse . 
  i wouldnt call it `` well '' , five years ago 1 usd was 1.5 liras , now its 3 liras ... 
  he was in erdo\u011fan 's party in the parliment , akp , and is a follower of g\u00fclen . 
  so when he collaborated with an islamic society to create mock trials to imprison `` coup ploters '' ( secular generals who didnt plot at all ) it was fine but when he finally cracks down against the same islamic society becuase they actually attempted a coup d'\u00e9tat it bad ? 
  he said this days ago , this isnt new . 
  it just feels wrong , erdo\u011fan used to jail/sack secular turks the previous decade and the western world loved him , now he jails/sacks islamists and western world feels it 's `` problematic '' ? 
  it smells fishy ... 
  why does eu want turkey to soften the anti-terror law ? 
  what relation does it have with visa liberalization ? 
  us was already beating japan by the time they dropped the nukes , it was just that japan wouldnt give up even though they were obviously gon na lose . 
  and i assume if we wont be leaving nato without having nukes ourselves ( even north korea developed them it 's not hard for turkey ) so they wouldnt nuke us . 
  `` just do it '' - shia labeouf, 
  russia cant beat turkey in a war unless the war becomes a total war a la eastern front in ww2 . 
  turkey is in a different league than georgia or ukraine . 
  so yeah putin wont be attacking us even if we somehow exit nato . 
  lol erdogan isnt stalin , the 50000 people being purged are mostly state employees who are sacked , they arent imprisoned . 
  turkey is their biggest supporter so yeah, 
  absolutely haram too cute !, 
  i wasnt aware there were any erdo\u011fan fanboys here . 
  o shit, 
  blm should go to africa instead of first world counties imo . 
  i 've read the original article and he says : `` they tell us ypg is good because they fight isis , but al-nusra also fights isis and they dont support them . 
  all terrorist groups should be fought etc etc '', 
  because we would hear about it , chp or others parties would condemn it etc. 
  kilicdaroglu certainly wouldnt attend to the rally yesterday . 
  thats why i linked that article , its unbiased . 
  what is more important is that we seculars have been warning everyone about gulen for decades and now he finally attempts to overthrow thhe government . 
  what people think cant be proof , maybe erdogan dod this himself , but ot doesnt seem that way . 
  he had a huge flag of ataturk in the rally yesterday which 3/4 million people attended . 
  he even quoted ataturk a few times . 
  he is bringig secular generals back . 
  why would he want to do this ? 
  because he has no choice . 
  1  but many in turkey 's secularist establishment say he has a political agenda and wants to create a religious state and a cadre of people to run it , a charge his followers vigorously deny . 
  2  gulen has even been charged , then later acquitted , with plotting to destroy the secular state and establish islamic law . 
  he left for the united states shortly before the case began . 
  3  `` it is the most powerful movement right now in the country . 
  they are powerful in the media , the education ministry and the police force ... 
  the point where they are today scares me . 
  there is no other movement to balance them in society . '', 
  read these three quotes from the article again , they arent `` advocating education , charity and moderate religion '' . 
  [ this article ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-turkey-religion-idukl0939033920080514?pagenumber=3&amp;virtualbrandchannel=0 ) is a good 101 on g\u00fclen . 
  as for evidence , i dont have a better answer than `` literally everyone who isnt a g\u00fclenists thinks it was g\u00fclen . '', 
  if the sides are kemalists and erdo\u011fanists ( ? ), 
  yes . 
  but he is only one of the people who blame g\u00fclen , all 4 parties in the parliment do . 
  did anything happen to those mps ? 
  oh , he isnt in prison anymore . 
  he gave the interview in his holiday-villa in bodrum . 
  he isnt tho . 
  chp , mhp , and hdp are not touched in these purges , only g\u00fclenists , and they are only found in akp . 
  it was flooded with g\u00fclenists as well , and with erdo\u011fan 's help since they were allies at the time . 
  the guy i talked about before , ilker ba\u015fbu\u011f , talked about that as well . 
  yes , he 's an idiot and should be in jail . 
  what is your point ? 
  what ?!? 
  `` a man noone heard of since 15years '' lmao dude you have no knowledge in turkey . 
  he was famous in turkey when erdo\u011fan was a nobody , and he is famous now . 
  [ check out this article from 2008 ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-turkey-religion-idukl0939033920080514?pagenumber=3&amp;virtualbrandchannel=0 ) some excerpts :  gulen , 67 , has a reputation abroad as a muslim who preaches tolerance and engagement with other faiths . 
  but many in turkey 's secularist establishment say he has a political agenda and wants to create a religious state and a cadre of people to run it , a charge his followers vigorously deny . 
  and this  gulen has even been charged , then later acquitted , with plotting to destroy the secular state and establish islamic law . 
  he left for the united states shortly before the case began . 
  and this  `` it is the most powerful movement right now in the country . 
  they are powerful in the media , the education ministry and the police force ... 
  the point where they are today scares me . 
  there is no other movement to balance them in society . '',
