  i 'm not accepting fate dude , i was already gon na leave turkey even before all this . 
  lol why is it my problem ? 
  i 'll start university in europe this year and dont plan on coming back . 
  no they dont , but others are too divided to oppose him . 
  also the people who oppose him dont have the same mentality as those who support him . 
  for one , they arent cool with being killed . 
  it used to be pretty bad but they are more moderate , as you can see in the sentence next to the one you first bolded . 
  also all the islamists vote for akp , and mhp is losing voters all the time . 
  anyway my point was less than half of turks vote for akp , doesnt mean the others are not terrible as well . 
  almost all the people i associate with vote for chp so ... 
  it is less than half and therefore isnt majority.no one is saying half of country voting for akp is the best thing ever ... 
  when people write things like that people think majority of turks support erdo\u011fan . 
  also , i think you should stop believing everything you hear on reddit . 
  mhp is not `` just as bad '' nor it has `` islamic '' tendencies . 
  its voters refuse sharia law almost to the degree of chp ( 92 to 90 iirc ) . 
   majority of people voted for akp akp never got majority of the vote , the most they got was 49 % . 
  because they can not into it, 
  turkey joined nato in 1952 , isnt one of the founding members . 
  lets see : brexit , ( fake ) coup , apolympics , trump . 
  yep , it all adds up to ww3 . 
  i 'm talking about the whole country , he got 44 and 49 percent of the vote in the elections last year . 
  obviously his supporters are more likely to fight , but the military couldve slaughtered them easily if it was willing . 
  not the party heads maybe , but remember the gezi park\u0131 events ? 
  half the population hates erdo\u011fan so if the putschists were better organized it 'd be quite likely . 
  we 're not the second most powerful of nato , but the one with second largest army . 
  france and uk are more powerful than us military-wise . 
  this isnt the worst case , it couldve turned into a civil war . 
  you do know he was in gallipoli fighting uk et all when that was happening right ? 
  it wasnt . 
  lol . 
  nothern ireland : this will be catholic, 
  actually you 're right , his party at most got 49 % of the votes . 
  youre ok too < 3, 
  the highest building in x country threads . 
  i think schengen is fantastic , but for it to work the external borders should be doubly protected , otherwise there is no point . 
  cant they just not accept people anymore ? 
  or make a quota ? 
  something like 10k refugees a year at most . 
  your muslim population consists of immigrants , very different . 
  fully agree . 
  to put it into perspective , french will be the number one language in 2050 because of some parts of africa are francaphone ... is there any chance eu will develop a sensible immigration plan ? 
  then we 're in agreement, 
  greeks also look middle eastern , i take ? 
  they do trust me , tho some kurds are assimilated and consider themselves turks instead of kurds . 
  also your number was incorrect , the current number is 2.8 m so what i said is even more true . 
  i mean even if no one came their number would increase . 
  google tells me turkey pop . 
  is six times more than in 1927 now so going by your numbers 130 * 6 = 780 . 
  so eighty percent of izmir is immigrants from other places . 
  are you sure of the numbers ? 
  maybe your number 130k isthe city center and the new number is the entire province ? 
  these are your numbers btw i didnt look for \u0130zmir 's pop after ww1 . 
  when i said they look like greek i obviosuly didnt mean the kurdish ones etc so i bet if you randomyl take someone ( who 's not a kurd ) from \u0130zmir he 'd be genetically pretty similar to someone from athens . 
  source ? 
  ottomans also assimilated greeks , it is not a coincidence that for instance turks from izmir look like greeks . 
  i merely wanted to point out that saying greeks are the `` original , native population '' of anatolia is wrong . 
  yes but most of kurds dont even want it . 
  orherwise half of them wouldnt vote for erdo\u011fan . 
  how they do is important tho because they cant hope to defeat turkey with brute force . 
  maybe in 20 years when they are 30 % of the country we will finally give in , who knows ? 
  lets hope erdo\u011fan isnt still trolling us by then . 
  yes , but they have to do it in a way that makes them `` justified '' in the eyes of the international media . 
  and having the same modus operandi as isis isnt a great way to do that . 
  and pkk is being handily defeated militarily as well . 
  my claim is that greeks were as native to anatolia as white people are to north america . 
  its essentially `` might makes right '' . 
  greeks cant claim to justifiably own anatolia ( back then , now obviously not ) while they themselves were not the first people . 
  [ also this video is always nice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eviyrrjtty ), 
  before the city was founded there were people living around , they were more primitive though . 
  they didnt settle to an uninhabited landmass . 
  so greeks genocided the previous races and became natives of istanbul ? 
  great , turks genocided greeks afterwards and now * they * are its natives . 
  yes they founded the city , but there were people living in those areas so they are not `` the indigenous inhabitants '' . 
  the white people founded nyc ( and all other cities ) but they arent `` the indigenous inhabitants '' of northern america either . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  greeks settled to istanbul at 660 bc , six thousand years later than the first denizens of istanbul . 
  i just have to say that it 's hilarious to me that foreigners dont know how to spell erdogan and everyone just randomly writes some words hoping for the best . 
  also russians even pronounce it differently , they say erdagan and make the g really hard even though its supposed to be soft ( \u011f is called soft g ) :p, 
  yep , our east is a big factor tho , if we only count western turkey it 's probably be closer to greece . 
  and turkey is * only * poorer than 9 of those !!, 
  i dont know what i expected ... 
  shit man im drunk man and im scared, 
  we finally fixed our relations with israel but fucked up with russia and germany . 
  one step forward , two steps back . 
  great . 
  so wales will join catalonia ? 
  they are drowning themselves , you dont have to help . 
  atm leave is 50.5 , remain is 49.5 ?? 
  edit : now leave at 53.1 ? 
  turkey is getting more religious each year , but even if this continues it wont be even close to how religious the ottomans were . 
  and the [ wahabis were too religious for ottomans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman%e2%80%93wahhabi_war ) . 
  now wahabism is being funded by everyone and their mother . 
  wahabism is even radicalizing [ kosovans ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/22/world/europe/how-the-saudis-turned-kosovo-into-fertile-ground-for-isis.html ) , not to mention east asian and middle eastern muslims . 
  it needs to be stopped . 
  i hate the use of the word `` slam '' in any headline for some reason . 
  yup , erdo\u011fan didnt suddenly transform into a caliphate 2-3 years ago . 
  he was always like this and all of our `` allies '' supported him . 
  yup , i get it . 
  then you have to vote far-right since they are the only one who are against mass migration ? 
  im sure you know you give access to way poorer and islamist countries than turkey .
