  it wasnt `` under the radar '' either lol you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  they didnt used to be opposition , they worked together to bring down secularism in turkey until around 2012 , but somewhere around that time g\u00fclen demanded around 80 mps , which erdo\u011fan refused . 
  then their conflict began but it was much smaller in scale compared to what it is now . 
  these people brought down the highest ranking military officer ( and others ) in turkey for no reason but to further their goals ( making money and bring islamism to turkey ) , do you really think they should be left alone to do more damage ? 
  what kind of an evidence do you want ? 
  [ the former chief of the general staff of turkey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%b0lker_ba%c5%9fbu%c4%9f ) , who was imprisoned due to g\u00fclenists judges in the highest of the courtsof turkey , himself said it was g\u00fclenists a week ago in an interview . 
  he also said a lot of anti-erdo\u011fan things like how they cooperated until 2013 and erdo\u011fan himself helped them so do n't worry about him being biased . 
  for the 38th time , he didnt `` sack all the oppositions '' , the g\u00fclenists were/are part of his own party of islamists . 
  you have no idea how fucked up turkey is . 
  even if you disregard their islamism , these people are corrupt as hell . 
  for instance , they infiltrated courts the last decade and with the help of erdo\u011fan they imprisoned secular/kemalist soldiers of high ( est ) ranks in ergenekon and sledgehammer trials . 
  if there were any non-g\u00fclenist people who were purged , we 'd know about it . 
  h\u00fcrriyet , s\u00f6zc\u00fc , cumhuriyet are all secularist/kemalist newspapers and he didnt touch them . 
  yeah , i get you . 
  i myself was convinced it was a false flag op and he 'd be even more of a dictator then putin the first morning after . 
  but as facts arose , i knew it wasnt so . 
  he knew all the g\u00fclenists because he was so close to them for years , and then he was in war with them for the last few so he had prepared the list long ago most likely . 
  as for g\u00fclen infiltrating government structure etc , in one of the cases ( ergenekon or balyoz ) against the secular militarymen , the accusers claimes that they made plans to overthrow the government in 2003 . 
  but it turned out that the document was created in microsoft world 2007 . 
  the accusations were obviously false but they were convicted anyway . 
   the g\u00fclen movement is in opposition to erdogan ( at least from what i understand ) g\u00fclen and erdo\u011fan were allies till 2007 , best buddies between 2007-2012 , and sworn enemies after 2013 . 
  and when they report that `` erdo\u011fan is purging the opposition '' it comes as if he 's purging the opposition perties ( chp , mhp , hdp ) which is not true at all . 
  the g\u00fclenists were inside his own party , so its more accurate to say he 's purging his own party . 
  plus , all the parties ( hdp less so ) came closer and condemned the coup and they 'll even have a meeting together in a few days : erdo\u011fan , akp , chp , and mhp . 
  why do you think western media doesnt give proper context and claim erdo\u011fan is purging '' '' `` opposition '' '' '' ? 
  they are all connected to g\u00fclen . 
  it might sound ridicilous to a westerner , and it is , but g\u00fclen really had connections to a lot of people . 
  those judges were used to purge secular , kemalist soldiers in ergenekon and balyaz trials , when erdo\u011fan and g\u00fclen were allies . 
  now those same judges are the ones who are behind bars . 
  also military officers being purged is hardly surprising since they attempted a coup . 
   leader accummulating more power and purging the opposition erdo\u011fan isnt purging the opposition though , he is purging cemaat/gulenists who was in his own party . 
  plus , he is gon na hold a rally with two opposition heads . 
  and the main opposition head wasnt gon na go but erdo\u011fan and akp head called him again to ask again . 
  greece we have so much in common < 3 what do you say we give it another try ? 
  what is blm doing in london ? 
  really makes you think . 
  if they ask it again turkey would probably have a very different percentage . 
  edit : and why is our european part gray :(, 
  purging g\u00fclenists is the only good thing erdo\u011fan has done in his life ( even tho he is a big part of the reason why they need to be purged in the first place ), 
  yep , they are just cheat codes for gta :d, 
  tell that to jfk :d, 
  why ... ... 
  they win too , they go to heaven to their 72 virgins, 
  yeah his comments against nato was not cool . 
  but every member state should meet their quota of two percent , and only five countries other than us meets it . 
  i think he said he 'd back all countries who `` pay up '' . 
  shhh its just blitzkrieg bb, 
  trump is strong against islamic terrorism , one of world 's biggest dangers so on that front at least that 'll be good for everyone if he wins . 
  why does bbc always refer to isis as `` the so-called islamic state '' ? 
  so is he a `` benevolent '' dictator ? 
  and how come it 's corruption is lower than the balkans ? 
  my knowledge of belarus consists of battle of kursk so i 'm really curious . 
  southeastern , or kurdish , provinces are usually meant by east . 
  lmao, 
  tbh our eastern provinces are probably worse than ukraines eastern provinces , so that reduces the whole country . 
  can someone explain the difference of scores between the baltic states ? 
  i always assumed they were pretty similar in terms of , well , everything . 
  edit : also , why is belarus almost as high ac greece ? 
  isnt belarus the last real `` dictatorship '' in europe in a way that putin and erdo\u011fan seem like democrats ? 
  around 300 , around 200 of which is civilian . 
  akp is using it to refer to those killed in 15 july recently ... smh, 
  can you link a video of `` the allahu akkbar interruption '' ? 
  ive never seen that . 
  i think it was about how euro2016 didnt do the same thing to the turkish people killed in the terrorist attack . 
  they were mad that the french people got their moment of silence but not the turks , who has even more people killed in terrorist attacks than france in 2016 . 
  they were protesting this in the video . 
  just like old times ^ ^, 
  it usually means turkish soldiers killed in action . 
  maybe because they are militarily ten times stronger than the other 27 members combined . 
  a lot of people boycotted the presidency vote . 
  check out the turnout rates for the elections for the last 15 years , they are all 85 percent . 
  but the presidential vote had less than 75 percent turnout . 
  well , of all the crazy things he said he hasnt * officially * supported sharia law . 
  the better parallel to 1984 is the fact that g\u00fclen and erdo\u011fan were allies until like 2013 , afterwards they `` have been always enemies '' . 
  i always do , even if they 're downvoted for good a reason they 're fun . 
  u jelly ? 
  yeah i 've seen turks downvoted at this subreddit for trying to explain what g\u00fclenism is . 
  they just assume `` anti-erdo\u011fan '' = good . 
  what they dont know is that until 2013 the two were best buddies . 
  ha , that makes more sense . 
  wait , did we seriously almost went to war over two small uninhabited islets ? 
  its just a prank bro !, 
  erdo\u011fan is trolling us xdxd, 
  yes, 
  how about you move to turkey and bring this `` change '' you so much want while i do other things ? 
   so now the people who vote akp are not your country men ? 
  they are born in the same country as i , that 's it . 
   the general turkish population do not want intervention , they want islam , not democracy . 
  then the general turkish pop . 
  can enjoy it , i dont want islam in my life ...  i am not turkish , if i were i would have protested the shit out of erdogan last friday night , i wouldve stood by the military this just shows how little you know . 
  the plotters issued a curfew , meaning you cant support them and go out . 
  just so you understand : the fire is islamism . 
  the ones who vote for akp are the ones who started it . 
  you have as much blame for the fire as me : zero, 
  why am i the one ? 
  i get very well what you 're saying , you 're the one who doesnt get it . 
  you 're telling me to stay in a burning house with others and try to exhaust the flames with a small water cup . 
  i 'm telling you that i 'd rather go out the backdoor and the others can go out as well if they want . 
  i dont care . 
  as to the difference between syrian migrants and me , im accepted by a top500 uni the world and i 'll stay in that country lawfully .
