you should go to sweden some time, 
  yes , i guess 4000 will get you a decent house in oslo . 
  median sale seems to be $ 850k in sf . 
  http://mobile.businessweek.com/articles/2014-02-27/theres-not-a-single-home-for-sale-in-san-francisco-that-an-average-teacher-can-afford you will get a small chained ( rekkehus ) house , a bit outside of oslo for 5 million nok, 
  more per capita to the eu than uk, 
  uk would obviously need some far reaching trade agreement . 
  look in to how switzerland and norway has to handle trade with eu . 
  switzerland has a number of agreements and norway is in the common market . 
  in short norway pays more than capita to the eu have uk but have no representation . 
  switzerland is placed in the middle of europe and is vital to communication . 
  if uk manage to trade more with countries outside the eu they may be able to negotiate some kind of trade agreement like us is doing now . 
  however they are small and will most likely have to follow eu regulations , just like norway . 
  eu has said that they will never again let any country have the same deal as switzerland have now . 
  that is actually the raggare with means and dedication to have a car like that . 
  the upper class of raggare most have an old shitty car ( like volvo 140 when i was young , now it seems to be anything ) with raggarkepa , bakrutesjalusi and very loud music . 
  what are the parallells ? 
  you measure the difference between carbon and radiactive carbon in a sample . 
  living organisms take up radioactive carbon and when it dies , it slowly starts to decay . 
  in very old samples ( like this ) , it has decayed to the point where it is more or less impossible to calculate the age , the radioactive carbon is just gone . 
  when on object is older than about 50000 years , the method starts to become to inexact . 
  a foot print is also not a living organism so it would n't work anyway . 
  yes , that is a main reason for watching football . 
  as i said , i never thought about it because they are sent in the ( middle ) pause and nobody never talks about them . 
  according to the link , they are indeed sent internationally . 
  now , when i looked at them , i actually remember some of them . 
  as you can see there seems to be only global brands like adidas , pepsi , coca cola , mercedes etc. 
   you 're also spread across many languages . 
  believe it or not but they do translate/dub them . 
   and whom actually have a large middle class to target considering that the world cup is so much bigger or even the champions league has more viewers . 
  i would say it is safe to say that it is the case . 
  even if the buying power is less in europe , there are a lot more people . 
   and really , you ca n't tell me that ad spots during the world cup do n't cost more nor that the commercials aired during it ar n't produced better . 
  i have never thought about it because it has never been an issue . 
  i have no idea but it is clear that the commercials are not talked about , has a lot less time to air and never get that much media attention , i would guess that they have a lot less impact . 
  i had to google it and here are from [ wc 2010 ] ( http://bleacherreport.com/articles/420733-2010-fifa-world-cup-top-10-international-world-cup-commercials-wvideo ) . 
  i guess that because , we are much more culturally diverse and there are far less brands that are big across ( for example ) europe , there are less companies that finds it interesting . 
  for example , a commercial for yougurt would never be sent at the championship league final, 
  tonyquark has a point . 
  major association football events are far bigger than the american kind . 
  still we stick to the sport . 
  i also assume that there are far less commercials as the game plays more or less continuously, 
  you have a short memory http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/news/article-1532247/germany-the-new-sick-man-of-europe.html, 
  you are obviously not familiar with the term banana republic, 
   indeed , sweden pays 0,01 % less when comparing . 
  source ? 
  last i checked there was a difference between all other nw european states and germany . 
  about 25-30 % more from sweden than germany . 
  explain to me how it is more of a burden for a populous country , relative to its size , to pay less than a smaller country ? 
  furthermore , germany ( as a country ) is obviously much more powerful than the other countries that pay more . 
  take your democratically domestic decision of reunification . 
  it was in part made possible by disregarding the agreement of budget deficits in the maastricht treaty , it is clear that few other states would have been allowed to do this . 
   i 'm tired for being the money bitch and get shouted at stingy ? 
  you are missinformed and was whining , if that is more than you can handle , then i suggest that you stop commenting . 
  divide that with your population ( or gdp ) and you are paying less then most of your neighbours . 
   given that my norveigan rather sucks this is not helping  yeah well i did n't translate `` dager '' = `` days/tage '' so now you would be able to get that out of the link to the picture . 
  german and scandinavian is so close so reading a short sentence usually works . 
  i was just encouraging you to stop speculating and digg up some basis for your opinion but i realize that did n't go through . 
   how does this translate into days ? 
  [ here ] ( http://tidsskriftet.no/article/1163999 ) and [ here ] ( http://tidsskriftet.no/image/2005/l05-06-med-13-02.jpg ) . 
  sysselsatt = employed , females = kvinnor yes it could . 
  it also could be that they are gaming the system because it is far better to be sick than unemployed . 
  for that matter we could be invaded by aliens tomorrow . 
  why do n't you dig up some study that supports your opinion , i know that there are many . 
  then there are others that supports my opinion . 
  i suspect that they do n't look into how `` unemployed '' is hidden in the statistics . 
  for example , in norway you get 60 % of your salary if you are unemployed , however 100 % if you are sick . 
  this ( of course ) results in that an average [ norwegian is more than double as sick as an average swede ] ( http://www.na24.no/article3603332.ece ) ( to make a comparision ) and much more are in early retirement . 
  i very much doubt that it is so unhealthy to cross the border ... 
  i was pointing out that it must be convenient to simplify everything to black and white so that you do n't have to worry about the complexity of real life and that s has , in your eyes , been neo-liberal all but a short period of its existence . 
   you find it hard to believe that not everyone on reddit was born in the 90s ? 
  i find it hard to believe that anyone was born in the 90 's, 
  well then . 
  your world must be quite easy when you only need a black and one white pen to colour everything . 
  most of you disappeared after revolutions in the 90s but i suppose you are still haning in there with greider and myrdal . 
   which is entirely true . 
  i used to be a social democrat and stopped when i felt they did good thing that you lived during the 10 -20 years when s was not neo-liberal ... 
  if `` recently '' is picking whatever you want for the last 33 years , then you are correct , and wrong . 
  i , of course , thought you were refering to the last 8 years with a right wing government . 
  without much fact checking most of the decreases above has also been increases during these 3 decades . 
  furthermore your `` neoliberal '' definition , means that every party except the ex-communists are neoliberal . 
  most of the above was done after the crisis in the beginning of the 90s , by both the right - and left wing . 
  however calling sweden neoliberal means that you are either confused or just extreme leftwing, 
   the swedish government went through a neoliberal fit pretty recently and it 's to be expected that the population went along with it . 
  you mean going trom the highest tax/budget ratio to the second highest ? 
  then france has been neoliberal all along . 
  norway : on the 17 : th of may ( the national day ) , all norwegians say `` gratulerar med dagen '' = `` congratulations on/with the day '' . 
  you just say this with a straight face and you will immediately be accepted as an honorary norwegian . 
  just try it with a norwegian the next 17 : th of may . 
  where do i sound angry ? 
  i ca n't get the numbers to add up to what you are saying and what is commonly known . 
  it is called to disagree . 
  yes i read them ( as i was commenting them ) . 
  i wonder however if you read what you write . 
   actually , the eu already kind of implemented that with greece . 
  the dublin agreement dictates that immigrants can not be deported back to their own countries , eu being a beacon of human rights , but they can be sent back to the ` country of entrance ' to the eu . 
  same with dublin 2 . 
  then i pointed out that there are in fact very few that actually seek asylum in greece . 
  with this follows that there are few that are in fact sent back to greece ( ca n't find any numbers however ) . 
  now you are saying that there are many illegal immigrants that are wants to continue further into eu . 
  there are however , most likely , many illegal immigrants at a given time .
