  the shade indicates `` no data '' . 
  they have quite high imigration nowadays, 
  there are many differences among the kurds . 
  languages , religion etc. 
  why would finns move to germany ? 
  as it looks like , the germans should move to finland, 
  believe it or not but debts has to be repaid sometime . 
  this will effect your unemployment and growth in the future, 
  the british are worse in prague as well especially the stag parties . 
  however it is important to remember that with 60 million british there are going to be many assholes . 
  about 6 times more than swedish assholes for example . 
  no , you are completely wrong on that . 
  one of the fundamentals in the eu is the common market . 
  a steel mill in sweden and spain must have the same rules as well as a farmer in greece and ireland . 
  so no , that will never happen without taking the agriculture sector out of the common market . 
  as for the goal . 
  i thought this was common knowledge as well ? 
  it is for the german industry to get access to the french market and then it has to pay part of the subsidies for the french farmers . 
  it 's not written on a stone tablet . 
  we could decide to scrap the cap and use to money on something else . 
  furthermore it is not like agriculture subsidies is a god given right , it is perfectly possible to decrease the amount or change the cap to actually be more effective, 
  it 's funny how most insults from finns are actually a compliment considering how socially conservative many finns are . 
  no it does n't . 
  your `` reasons '' are mostly not addressing the cap but reasons for . 
  subsidizing the agriculture sector . 
  furthermore if it would be true , the cap would be radically different for example more to the east and less to france, 
  or that there is n't much money to do something else, 
  you have exactly shown why you should leave the union . 
  if you ca n't handle that you lose a majority vote and have to have opt outs for everything you do n't like . 
  then we are all better off apart . 
  i wish that you could see the benefits to whole eu instead of selfishly looking only after your small island . 
  until you buy a car , electricity , electronics etc. 
  i suppose kidney pie will be pretty stable . 
  furthermore it does n't deal with the structural problems like inefficient production , low competitivness . 
  it is basically taking money from the workers and giving it to export companies . 
  ok ok you can divide as you wa n't and compare yourself to the baltics if you want to . 
  i mean they have had 20 years to get their economy in order ... what i 'm saying however . 
  uk seems to think that it is indespensible and are telling the rest of the eu how it should be run . 
  people tend to listen to other persons who have achieved something and is leading by example . 
  uk in the state as it is now should stop complaining and maybe draw some conclusions from how it has handled its own economy . 
  right now , if greece , italy or spain would have some grand scheme of how we should be doing things , not many will listen . 
  if germany has some ideas , they are likely to be heard . 
  that is how it is right know and we can all agree that germany has taken a lead here . 
  it is clear that uk consider it self to be among the leading nations in eu . 
  they expect to be heard and that it will get opt outs etc. 
  i find that delusional . 
  if you had a good record , strong economy and a history of being a reliable and supportive nation , then you would have support . 
  as it is know , it is just annoying . 
  decide what you want to do and then do it without this bickering, 
  like germany you mean ? 
  i would say that necessarily is n't so . 
  a country needs a number of institutions , infrastructure etc etc. 
  the overhead for a smaller country is far higher . 
  also in terms of the domestic market it is far more easy for a company to get big in a big country and then go international . 
  finally i have no idea how you have calculated but germany is far bigger than uk so 62 % is impossible and germany does n't seem to suffer due to it 's size, 
  the pension is supposed to keep the same purchasing power that is adjusted with inflation . 
  at the same time , we pay 16 % ( or similar ) of our salaries for our retirement fund . 
  this is however a pay as you go , my kids will pay for my pension . 
  if the fund is less than the obligation to pay out for this year , they will simply pay out less . 
  this can be due to high unemployment -  less taxes or if the part of the fund that is invested in stocks decrease etc. 
  http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=no&amp;sl=sv&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.dn.se%2fekonomi%2fdin-ekonomi%2fbromsen-bit-for-bit http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=no&amp;sl=sv&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.svd.se%2fnaringsliv%2finvestera%2fpension%2fbromsen-kostar-45-000-kronor-per-pensionar_7000363.svd http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=no&amp;sl=sv&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.pensionssystemet.se%2finkomstpension, 
  are you sure that it beats the one in bratislava ? 
  i disagree the prague tv tower is really cool . 
  even more the interior feels like it was in the early 90s . 
  you are however among the champions in having depressing panelaks . 
  i suppose that what they are after is that retirement you get is not guaranteed . 
  it is adjusted to the economy ( i.e. 
  how much we pay in taxes ) and the expected lifespan . 
  in short , increased risk for me but less for the state . 
  far enough if you ask me . 
  it was obvious that it could n't continue as it was and someone would have to take the hit ( partly paying my generation 's pension and my parents ) and it would have been far worse for the next generation . 
  i 'm however annoyed by the retired today who truly will get a far better deal than us but complain about the pensions ( they get a bit higher taxes ), 
  nope , at least not if you do n't have a [ vip lounge ] ( http://www.na24.no/article3475453.ece ), 
  in norway you ca n't even buy beer . 
  as i see it . 
  today 70 % of our exports are oil and fish . 
  to start exporting manufactured goods ( which norway has never really done ) and compete on the global market , the salaries has to come down to swedish / german levels . 
  with all those next to free oil money coming in , that is n't politically possible . 
  in short norway has not the same need for the internal market like sweden and denmark have . 
  so no need currently but i hope that we start making money in some other way soon . 
  sorry did n't know that you are homophobic as well , quite the stereotype are n't you fear not , however , i 'm not trying to make you more insecure in your sexuality . 
  it is an analogy to that i will not try to prove my country 's greatness by writing more unknown celebrities in a futile attempt to convince you . 
  especially when i was not insulting your great country . 
  i was only pointing out the fact that uk would have a better case when trying to reform eu , if they had their own country in order . 
  thanks for pointing out the `` trap '' i sure blundered into it , passed it and in fact , completely unnoticed . 
  still wondering about meaning , purpose etc , if you not want to brag about your expertise in 80s scandinavian pop , that is . 
  you do n't get it do you ? 
  i may be from sweden but unlike you do n't think that the country i was born in , is necessarily the best country in the world . 
  unlike you , i do n't have to measure my dick like an insecure teenager . 
  there is plenty of good music from uk . 
  however your taste is bad and aha is from norway . 
  that would be the country to the west of sweden and is situated along the atlantic , north of denmark/germany . 
  in fact across the north sea from uk . 
  my point is that defending uk 's economy with the fact that greece ( and ireland ) has worse , is pathetic . 
  no not at all you sounded merely like an insulted nationalist with a bad taste in music, 
  please defend uks behaviour the last years in regard to the eu and it how it like to think of it self as an important and vital part of eu . 
  we all agree that the importance in eu depends on the performance of the country , hence germany 's boost the last years . 
  then there are small insignificant countries like sweden that does n't have say in much . 
  finally we have countries that boasts and have grand plans but should really clean up at home before starting to talk . 
  jesus that seems to have hit hard .
