  i have n't been living in sweden for 15 years . 
  if my flair annoys you so much , you should perhaps think this over , ca n't be healthy with all that anger . 
  i was commenting on the fact that uk has n't been  but as a difficult , questioning , stubbornly democratic partner for a long time . 
  no it has been egocentric and whining and most of eu is quite fed up . 
  and no uk has a huge budget deficit , the only reason why people are not so nervous about it , is because you are n't in the ez , you can just devalue your currency until you are competitive . 
  * big trade deficit * big budget deficit * low social mobility * etc look at every other nw european country and compare them to uk . 
  what do you see , a healthy prosperous country ? 
  i 'm sure that germany with a bigger population might tell you something . 
  as for your pathetic dick measuring context , you win . 
  i do n't know most of those names you have written , they are probably all very fine and all . 
  there is a reason i do n't live in sweden , it is not the greatest thing on earth , far from it . 
  you have to understand i was only talking about uks behaviour in regard to eu , if that offended you so much , i realize that you have a tough life . 
  btw i 'm actually below average weight , i hate abba and ca n't see a bergman movie without falling asleep . 
  1 : read 2 : think 3 : write i said the exact opposite, 
  and your point is ? 
  i suppose that you do not compare your success in life with the drug addicts in the gutter but rather your colleagues and neighbours . 
  `` constructive and having a dialogue '' is far better . 
  i was here talking about northern europe ( as i wrote ) as in western northern europe . 
  if you like to compare your economy with greece and spain , go ahead and feel smug about it . 
  the rest of us , however , have higher standards . 
  lately it has been whining and demanding , lousy economy , taking part against europe with us . 
  also as a northern european they have worst status among us in regard to economy , gini index , democracy etc. 
  it is like an uncle that formerly was ok to have around but lately has got unemployed , hit the bottle to often and hang around alcoholics down in the park . 
  you hope that he will get his shit together but if he does n't that is that . 
  better than many other relatives but worse than others, 
  it is obviously a difference between trading inside the common market and not . 
  that is clear for most of us and is what we are discussing, 
  ok , reread , you are probably right , thanks . 
  in my naive world i see the end of cap , strassbourg etc etc, 
  like uk and france , you mean ? 
  http://ec.europa.eu/information_society/media_taskforce/doc/pluralism/hlg/hlg_final_report.pdf page 35 , i guess . 
  they basically say that the self regulation in uk did n't work very well ( obviously as we have seen ) and they propose more enforced  there is an understandable preference in media organisations for some form of self-regulation as opposed to regulation from outside , because of the ever-present danger of censorship interfering with the democratic principle of the freedom of the press . 
  the recently released leveson report in great britain , however , has offered overwhelming evidence as to the multiple ways in which this `` self-regulation '' has not just been interpreted as `` no regulation '' , but has led to gross abuses of journalistic privileges , the breaking of elementary ethical standards , and even activities subject to the criminal code . 
  that this should have happened in a country with such long democratic traditions , and one that had been often cited as exemplary with regard to freedom of the press , is clearly a blow to the prestige of media owners and to that of the journalistic profession . 
  the sacking part , i cant find, 
  well we all agree with them obviously . 
  seriously are you saying that the germans of today are responsible for what their grandparents did ? 
  yes and swedes and norwegians think they have different cultures . 
  it is all in what context we are talking . 
  in eu , as a whole , sweden and germany are close . 
  i 'll have shorter distance for a vacation by the sea . 
  i know that you are joking but the centre of power was in copenhagen . 
  i find it odd that parts of a country that was part of sweden for such a long time had drastically different customs for families ( considering it was for 100s of years ago ) . 
  it just barely reflected were the main swedish speakers were . 
  there is also finnish speakers in north sweden today . 
  there was n't really a clear border between sweden and finland pre 1809 . 
  however this map clearly shows it, 
  you mean when finland was basically east sweden ? 
  or when norway was north denmark ? 
  is that your defense for a monarchy ? 
  when i pay money for things i expect some value for it , not much but some . 
  you know in countries where they elect a figurehead , the person actually needs some merits and preferably a working brain . 
  however if he did nothing , it would be better . 
  he has clearly showed that his intelligence and grasp of reality has a lot to wish for . 
  therefore i 'm all for our current king and are against the coming queen as she seems to be a bit more capable ... 
  the best reason for a republic is the current monarch . 
  no the guy that is the leader of the dansk folkeparti equivelant in borgen . 
  i saw season 2 wo subtitles but that guy is just impossible to understand, 
  that is obviously not true . 
  look here for example http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xe4zbck01hu noone use any consonants , granted the cows are worst . 
  this explains a lot btw that the farmer afterwards made a political career, 
  the difference is that we pronounce our consonants so i guess that you danes needed to keep the e so that you still understand yourselves somewhat :-), 
  there are [ very few ] ( wikipedia.org/wiki/rein#tamrein_p.c3.a5_verdensbasis ) of them that have reindeers , which is an internal schism as well, 
  no as you can call a girl `` es '' ( m\u00c4dcen ) while it is not very nice to call a person `` it '' . 
  same is sweden , therfore need to invent a new word ( it has actually been around for decades ), 
  no it would be like using the german `` es '' when you are refering to a person but you do n't know the gender . 
  like , `` the redditor was biking fast but he/she ( hen ) was still late for work . 
  we have similar to es but it is never used for humans . 
  she can influence eu . 
  noone listens to putin if they do n't have to, 
  well no it is just that sweden is so long that traveling for a day , stopping in denmark was not so interesting ( for an interrailing 19 year old ) . 
  i however watch every danish movie and tv series wo subtitles . 
  i 'm certain i would llove copenhagen if i ever stay there more than a day, 
  i think it depends on where you grew up . 
  norway is my brother country . 
  i grew up about 100 km from the border ( with no civilization in between ) . 
  i have been once in finland and never really stayed in denmark . 
  i had to travel for about 20 hours and then you came to denmark , so nothing personal but there are more exotic places for a swede . 
  for me denmark and finland is like the cousins my parents gossip about but you never really hanged out with them . 
  you do know however what they are doing and you meet them at midsummers . 
  i 'm as well but not norwegian ... 
  i do n't know the percentage as sp has been driving this hard and has sacrificed most other issues for the peasants . 
  with a probable frp & h win next year they will have far less to say . 
  but i agree that it is important for norwegians and as long as you have money to spend , i suppose that it will continue . 
  it is not correct , some is imprecise and some is plain wrong . 
  they have control over fishing and farming to a certain extent . 
  the latest cheese customs increase will show how much this is in reality . 
  however this also means that eu is free to hit their fish export with higher customs ( as has been done before ) . 
  this is a double edged weapon . 
  immigration law , they are in schengen and can not stop intra-eu movement . 
  as immigrants outside of eu they can do whatever as any other eu country . 
  criminal law : i 'm not really sure where this comes from . 
  could you be more specific and give some examples ? 
  yes if you value cultural facors and not letting farmland `` grow over '' . 
  i agree that quite a few norwegians value this but far from all . 
  obviously if food security was important , the farming subsidies would be different . 
  ok if you search through the official `` arbetsf\u00f6rmedlingen '' , which is not uncommon as they have most low level jobs, 
  if you are studying and looking for work during the summer , you are counted, 
  we continue with our nazifinn jokes so i 'll guess we are even . 
  yes i did .
