  i suppose that they do n't get any support whatsoever from the greek state ? 
  less unemployment , easy to enter , i suppose, 
  yes , as was my point, 
  well then enlighten me . 
  they do not seek asylum in greece . 
   i said illegal immigrants in total , which greece is not allowed to deport how do this work ? 
  in all european countries i know about . 
  an illegal immigrant is staying illegaly . 
  when apprehended , the person can indeed seek asylum but is then `` in the statistics '' for that country . 
  as far as i know , greece is a gateway from turkey , into eu . 
  that is greece is not the intended destination , this is supported by the number of asylum seemers in greece and by your linked article . 
  according to all statistics , greece has very few asylum seekers . 
  do you have a source foe your statement ? 
  so in terms of immigration statistics , why does it matter ? 
  considering the number of asylum seekers , we hardly can handle as it is . 
  getting more would n't be the best solution . 
  the only reason would be to pick and choose highly educated and wealthy persons , like us is doing with some groups, 
  for us non native english speakers , you have to explain yourself . 
  i googled the terms `` granted asylum '' and `` resettle '' and i fail to understand the distinction . 
  if you are granted asylum , it is not time limited or conditional . 
  you can only loose it if you are sentenced to a prison sentence longer than one year . 
  after some years you can apply for citizenship . 
  what do i not understand here ? 
  you will have to take that up with eigthgear . 
  put them over [ each other ] ( http://imgur.com/fbalnxy ) , that was the whole point . 
  what we are really talking about is the trade surplus . 
  see for example [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/exports ) and compare to imports from 1993 . 
  there is a significant change around 2002 . 
  considering uks unbalanced budget , i would n't say that the austerity has started . 
  well you fail to explain what i missunderstand . 
  we have a list comparing different nations . 
  uk is quite high but when you compare it to for example ireland , it looks far from impressing i simply do n't get why the size of a country 's economy is irrelevant, 
  i reas this several times . 
  i tried to understand what you are saying but i have to conclude that you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  we are discussing tradesurplus in actual numbers between countries with different populations . 
  a surplus of 1 bn euros in lichtenstein and germany are very different, 
  impressive that uk beats ireland when it is , what , 10 + times bigger, 
  my point is that they are quite different , as your links states . 
  there is n't much difference between the nordic countries and most nw european countries + austria . 
  among other ways . 
  still , finland has the lowest among the nordic countries, 
  last time i checked finland had the lowest gdp/capital among us, 
  which nordic model ? 
  i have seen many germans in karlovy vary ( carlsbad ) filling up their cars with czech beer . 
  size is not that important or china would have problems . 
  your wealth ( gdp per capita ) is more deciding . 
  if you have low gdp per capita , it is more easy to grow fast than an already wealthy country . 
  what does assange have to do with norway ? 
  i 'm from a low middle class and grew up in a rural place . 
  i was n't aware that real people wore smokings or similar . 
  in fact i have never had one on in my life . 
  however , smokings are n't what is used here anyway . 
   unless you believe in some kind of a left-wing , simple minded `` oppressors screwing over the oppressed '' which i never did , then the only good explanation why human history is hierarchical is that you when you paint , there are other colours than black and white ... 
  i believe in meritocracy . 
  and do n't know where you are from . 
  there are some developed countries with low social mobility like us and uk . 
  if you are from there , it may explain your mindset . 
  it is sad that you limit yourself by this negative mindset . 
  i believe that in a democratic society all kind of people are needed in all positions . 
  who do you consider to be good leaders ? 
  in fact , many that spring to my mind ( apart from alexander ) was n't really `` breed '' as a leader . 
  if we talk about modern leaders , of the last 3 american presidents , the one that was a total disaster , was the one that we closest breed as one . 
  if you ca n't learn to eat properly then of course you will have problems learning far harder things . 
  the rest of us however can master this ( and more ) and believe in meritocracy . 
  well we do generate more d vitamins from sunlight . 
  my employers usually say that i can work from home or not . 
  i have never heard about being able to work from home and then go down to the office to punch in at the end of the day . 
  if the employer wanted this , i 'm sure it could be done much easier . 
  you pay the same fee for a household regardless if you have 1 or more devices, 
  this is ( was ) an adult discussion . 
  please refrain from further annoyances . 
  it is past your bedtime anyway, 
  could have uk ( and the rest of the states ) to comply to the echelon report http://wikispooks.com/w/images/e/e3/eu-echelon.pdf would be a good start . 
  in general we now know ( for certain ) that uk prioritize us over all eu allies to the extent that they help us to spy on them . 
  then we need to treat uk in that manner . 
  i do n't know what you are allowed to know or not . 
  you 'll have to ask your mother . 
  fra lagen was probably one of the most debated in the swedish parlament the last couple of years and anyone with some access to media probably know about it . 
  the fra law is awful of course but most countries have something similar . 
  the main reason was that sweden had to change the laws to allow wire tapping . 
  many other countries do n't have these laws and have done it for a long time ( uk ; usa , canada etc ) then we have others that are in the same position like sweden , for example germany . 
  so you should be more worried . 
  however i 'm talking about an eu country that helps a foreign country to spy on other member states during a g20 meeting . 
  that is aiding usa in negotiations with other eu states . 
  if you are american , it might not concern you very much but it clearly shows ( like we did n't know ) where uk stands . 
  in sorry that your reading skills are so poor . 
  uk helping a non eu country to spy on an eu country was the issue . 
  it does n't say , but if uk helped the us to spy on other eu states , that should have consequences . 
  if you told me at the beginning that you are that slow , all this would have been avoided . 
  nevertheless , you learned what social liberalism means . 
  with all your difficulties , with hard work , things may work out for you . 
  i do n't understand what you do n't understand * you do not know that there are more than 1 language in the world ? 
  * that the language mostly spoken by persons using your flair is english ? 
  * that wikipedia ( as many other websites ) is translated to many languages ? 
  * that you can choose the english version of wikipedia and then search `` social liberalism '' ? 
  * that you do n't manage to choose the correct search result ( the one with quite big font saying `` social liberalism '' ) please indicate what you do n't get . 
  it will help you in the future , believe me . 
  my 75 year old mother had similar problems a long time ago . 
  nowadays she barely calls me for help . 
  finally when you have sorted this out , you will find this page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_liberalism .
