  is a good example of how you probably view your kids . 
  it is actually perfectly possible to reason with a say 2 year old ( depending on the maturity ) . 
  they will understand that a hot stove is dangerous . 
  then if they would touch it , they would touch it and get a blister . 
  what is the hitting accomplishing here ? 
  first they learn a lesson , then you hit them . 
  sounds weird to me . 
  there are in fact many countries were we happen to manage to bring up kids without `` smacking '' them . 
  you spend most of your time to teach your kids right from wrong . 
  then , you as an adult , are allowed to smack them ?!, 
  explain the logic here . 
  same thing in czech republic but you get a beer instead . 
  i was refering to  considering that most legislation is drafted by staff of elected official is there anywhere , where a country elect the members in a cabinet ? 
  furthermore , it could be argued that it is undemocratic that malta has one commisioner and germany one . 
  if we would directly elect them , then malta would probably get none at all . 
  but this is the same in every country . 
  i fail to understand why it is suddenly a problem in the eu, 
  technology changed strategies over time . 
  with intercontinental and submarine missiles mutual assured destruction was a reality . 
  before that it when bombs would be delivered by bombers , the first strike was essential . 
  there were also strategies with small strategic bombs used for land battle . 
  bomb the front and then invade . 
  my point is that i live here . 
  i have gay friends that live here and many neighbours are gay ( about 30 % in my house actually ) . 
  i had this discussion a while ago with one of them and he said that is not an issue . 
  he did n't know anyone directly that have had a problem . 
  i think that there were 11 reported cases in 2011 . 
  to say that it is dangerous in gr\u00f8nland because that you are gay are simply not true . 
  it is far more dangerous to be male and drunk in a line for taxi around rosenkrantzgate . 
  such as ? 
  family names are quite modern all over . 
  we used g\u00e5rdsnamn 100 years ago and the family name was n't really important ( taking your father 's first name ans add - sson ), 
  well `` x son of y '' is more logical than `` y father of x but i 'm really talking about x '' . 
  so lars eriksson it is, 
  an advice for you is less aftonbladet from now on . 
  besides you should have mentioned smoking . 
  all statistics say that we ate getting fatter and fatter . 
  we move less . 
  the health care is far from perfect but for us who are old , it was n't perfect 40 years ago either . 
  is that why sweden has such a low medium life expectency , because of the poor health sector ? 
  net export per capital is the interesting one . 
  the netherlands is n't bad in that one but far from as outstanding ad the one above, 
  to problem to learn history in detail for every single country in europe is probably the cause and not the fact that we are all denialists , especially small countries like the netherlands , as we naturally tend to focus on the bigger countries . 
  it is n't like the netherlands were the single country with post ww2 colonial issues . 
  a better comparison would be england and wales in terms of history and distance, 
  referendum of what ? 
  how are we then supposed to communicate?besides the younger generation in eastern europe are quite good in english, 
  yes but how many french speaking swiss , speak a second language, 
  subtle way to insult 60 mil - several, 
  i 'm saying that your historical comparisons is at best childish . 
  should someone invade argentine because they had a military junta ? 
  which was btw supported by the us . 
  at that time , most countries in south america would have needed an invasion according to you . 
  exactly what is the similarities between nazi germany and al qaida ? 
  or for that matter afghanistan or iraq and nazi germany ? 
  i was saying that i think that it is unlikely that the rest of of eu would like to have their citizens killed for falkland islands . 
  if someone would invade a proper member state , that would be different . 
  and i have proven my point that it will be hard to create an eu army, 
  falklands is not part of uk . 
  get your facts straight, 
  surprisingly enough after 10 years and killing many thousands , it does n't seem to help, 
  for british , yes . 
  i bet the other 90 % in the eu , do n't think that this is anything to go to war over, 
  no but the neighboring countries . 
  you are dangerously naive, 
  i thought it was obvious eu combined is far more powerful than uk or france, 
  exactly here is the problem . 
  eu combined would probably be 5 - 10 times stronger than uk . 
  on the other hand the rest of us have no interest to invade areas far away . 
  i do not believe that we  get rid of ditctators and promote democracies . 
  rather try to make a resource rich area to be in our area of influence ( to take iraq for an example ) . 
  i believe that the money could be better spent like making us more independent of these resources . 
   if we have an integrated eu then these are no lnoger national interests but shared interests . 
  new eu members must have undisputed borders for this reason . 
  i 'm guessing that 90 % of eu will not consider falklands to be a shared interest . 
  i am content with having limited invasion capability and that we are forced to negotiations and have not much more but our powerful economy to threaten with . 
  i 'm probably naive but i do think that the last wars we have participated in , have not improved our security rather the opposite . 
  but then i 'm from a mostly harmless country up north , which do n't have much to say anyway . 
  i just see the problem with sending my children to possible death over french 's or uk 's national interests . 
  yeah well i was mostly thinking about mali , but fair enough . 
  i do however think that a possible eu army would not invade a country if it was not a main supplier of oil . 
  i was merely pointing out that the ex european colonial powers have other priorities compared to the rest of us . 
  yes it says so in the link i provided . 
  a one sided declaration of war is however as effective as a two sided . 
   and in winter war what finland got was lots of international sympathy , but besides small amounts of volunteers , that was it . 
  i could interpret this as you are saying that you allied with germany due to the lack of international support ? 
  the main reason that lack of support was the short duration of the winter war . 
  no neighbor would enter the war officially for fear of being dragged into the war ( s ) . 
  getting foreign volunteers in the war during 3 months is no easy task with preparation , material training etc. 
  you also have to remember that at that time ussr was more or less an ally with germany , which only changed when germany invaded ussr . 
  nevertheless this is all much debated and i was just pointing out why finland was portrayed in 1942 as sided with the germans in german propaganda . 
  well you were in war with uk and if you were being placed somewhere , it would be with germany . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continuation_war#finland_and_the_western_allies i know all about the enemy of my enemy etc but the fact was that you had full international support during the winter war but then fought along germany against a member of the allies , which was much less supported . 
  not judging , just pointing out the facts . 
  i would n't see the problem to defend an eu country but i see the problem with for example countries colonial past and economic interests . 
  take mali and falkland islands for example . 
  i doubt that france or uk simply would give up their ambitions for an eu army . 
  if one country was invaded it would very likely be a threat for us all . 
  protecting french interests in africa is something different . 
  if i understood you correctly , switzerland is not in the eu , like norway .
