  i suppose that depended \u00f6n where you were . 
  a czech that went to yugoslavia went to the west but a swede that went there went to the east . 
  as you have seen eastern europe is hard to define and insulting to some . 
  let 's say you meant the countries formerly behind the iron curtain . 
  slovenia and czech republic has already passed some states like portugal and greece . 
  ( and some more perhaps ) . 
  i guess that the whole ussr thing will end up as a few paragraphs in the history book . 
  agree , all countries that ca n't stand teddybears bombing are on my black list . 
  everything is relative http://ilovecharts.tumblr.com/image/1316393550, 
  i always thought that most in the south of europe are lactose intolerant . 
  if you only use milk in coffee and use a litre per week , it makes sense . 
  in scandinavia a liter of milk lasts a meal . 
  in fact i do n't think we have a name for it . 
  i always call it `` milk with long durability '' . 
  fittstim is better . 
  shoal of pussies as a derogatory term for feminists . 
  but he just quoted his driver so it was ok, 
  no dilemma anywhere , the only countries in europe with  20 % rate is bosnia , kosovo , montenegro , albania and macedonia . 
  income taxes are about oecd average . 
  if you check tax gap for norway it is not that bad . 
  the cost of living however . 
  but compared to sweden , `` balances out '' is not remotely true considering sweden 's high taxes . 
  yes , but : * the poor are not likely to have loans for real estate . 
  * the rich , money managers etc ( the rich 's pensions etc ) are likely to move the money out of the country early . 
  see the ongoing slow bank run in greece and spain . 
  in fact , our country is a good example of how inflation is used by politicians to avoid solving real problems . 
  during the devaluations pre-90 's , we kept our industrial base competitive by devaluation . 
  we did n't improve our competitiveness as much as other similar countries . 
  in short we helped industries that in the long term ca n't exist in sweden due to the labour cost . 
  obviously during the crises in 90 's it was politically possible to do a number of reforms that are still helping us . 
  we are among the top exporters in the world , more than germany . 
  among the fastest growing developed nations . 
  do n't kid yourself that inflation is helping the poor , it is like peeing yourself to keep warm . 
  well , during the day in good weather , there are very few that actually follow the limit . 
  no cameras and extremely few police in a very big district . 
  besides with very little traffic and quite good roads i consider it to be fairly safe, 
  i wish sweden would understand this, 
  read for yourself . 
  [ the leaked police protocol ] ( http://rixstep.com/1/20110204,04.shtml ), 
  bail does n't exist in sweden ( and most of the world ) . 
  your system is based on common law , which is used mainly by uk and ex uk colonies . 
  there are pros and cons for each but basically with assange 's history ( as it is now ) , he will be detained until trial , but i doubt it will ever be a trial, 
  here are the [ leaked police protocol ] ( http://rixstep.com/1/20110204,04.shtml ) . 
  judge yourself . 
  no it has to have minimum 2 year prison sentence, 
  sigh , the discussion was about how important languages are and that having tot learn many + a profession is not in most persons interest, 
  since when did declaration of independence and gettysburg address become an international literary masterpiece that would loose its historical importance when translated . 
  first of all it is important to you because you are american ( i 'm only guessing here ) . 
  as northern european i suppose that luther 's theses is more important but i doubt that i could read them or the magna charta , which i ca n't read . 
  still as from a small nation , the most significant books are not written in my native language anyway , i think that we are not so special, 
  i 'm only counting norwegian where i have lived 8 years and probably speak and write above swedish average, 
  yes but russian is really hard to learn, 
  as a fellow swede i kind of agree . 
  what most people do n't understand is that having a small language as a mother tongue , requires us to learn at least english . 
  to be proficient enough in english to work abroad takes a really long time . 
  i 'm here talking about not much more fancy than writing reports for work . 
  then learning a second language to the same level will take even more time . 
  i 'm not particularly good in languages and it is not my interest and frankly learning one language and then concentrate on what i like would be much better . 
  furthermore in sweden . 
  in many workplaces you would not be hired if you could n't speak english but it would just be an inconvenience if you did n't speak swedish as a note . 
  i consider myself to speak about 4.5 languages . 
  still can in norway, 
  you are making things far to simple . 
  the problems in sweden pre-crisis was due to many reasons . 
  sweden 's economic growth was slower than most other european countries . 
  we kept labour intensive industries and competed by devaluating our currency and the following high inflation . 
  then when sweden try to move a away from this quagmire , they loosened the currency control and pegged the currency , deregulated credit market etc etc. 
  with the still quite high inflation the interest was more or less negative as well as badly regulated banks that lent to much . 
  the crisis had been brewing for a long long time . 
  besides the generous tax benefits was removed before the crise . 
  and yes i believe that generous benefits make some people to choose not to work . 
  then i do n't want to take away them either . 
  you just have to find the sweet spot where it helps most and motivates people to work . 
  amazing that we had the crise in the 90s then ... 
  it might be that it was unsustainable and the first crisis that came along showed this . 
  the welfare state you are talking about lasted about 20 years and ended in the worst crisis sweden has had during modern times . 
  i was wondering about this . 
  he said firstthat hee came from zurich . 
  obviously learning that dialect is really hard . 
  also learn perfect german is hard att his age . 
  finally native english speakets have a very distinctive accent . 
  im actually amazed that hee got recidency in sweden . 
  it must have been obvious that hee lied, 
  no you could do nonmilitary things exactly like in germany . 
  for exqmple most of the resque squad ( ytb\u00e4rgare ) att the estonia disaster was this . 
  this had nothing to do with the military, 
  why would he ? 
  the next bailout ireland gets , then it must have an unconditional that it has to raise its company tax to an average eu level . 
  competing with lowering corporate taxes all around the eu is only good for companies . 
  yes this is all known ( but at least as i believe ) you underestimate the amount of work with children in general . 
  they have to learn everything and i mean everything . 
  being totally crazy of learning them everything early and only hand them toys etc that are educational just leads to stress on both sides . 
  i guess i 'll see if i was correct in 20 years besides my children are swedish and will learn english anyway . 
  when my oldest was 4 he could count to 10 in english and knew all colours . 
  probably picked it up in kindergarten . 
  you mean that a swedish 2 year old should not have thomas the train dubbed into swedish ? 
  i wish someone had told me that ... 
  calm down , you are not paying for all that . 
  he can have maximum 420 days of leave with a max salary of about 320 000 sek/year ( or 80 % of his salary ) . 
  i suppose that your employer chipped in or something .
