  wait one week for a broken arm is bullshit . 
  might have happened if a doctor missed it but that would be the exception . 
  look at all measurable statistics for sweden ( life expectancy , infant mortality etc ) and we are probably among the best . 
  i agree however that paid and private healthcare is probably better but that would mean that is reserved for very few . 
  good for the government was the point . 
  some taxes are easy and cheap to collect like vat and real estate tax . 
  they are hard to cheat . 
  wealth tax is easy to cheat and probably negative ( when rich people move abroad and stop paying taxes ), 
  understandable because countries decrease them to attract companies to move within eu ( and switzerland ) . 
  basically a downward spiral and can probably only be stopped by some eu wide minimum tax, 
  year of the hare is epic, 
  and you voted for the same parties all these years . 
  if we are talking about the eu , fine by me and worse for you regards sweden , finland denmark and the netherlands, 
  i wish , our [ new democracy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_democracy_ ( sweden ) ) during the early 90 's when we and problems . 
  do n't forget the variant with brown cheese . 
  always telling my kid that it is sick and disgusting but he does n't believe me, 
  i vote for `` extremlagom '' . 
  considering our possibility of ihopskrivning we could probably get a really good word . 
  luxembourg 's gdp is high partly due to the financial sector ( tax haven ) and that many who works there actually live in another country . 
  still really well of but it is hard to compare the gdp with more `` normal '' nations . 
  excellent description . 
  also paying high taxes and the tax collection actually works . 
  someone with high income pay about 65-70 % tax in sweden . 
  some grumbling yes but the cheating in greece and italy would be impossible here ( and considered very bad ) . 
  these taxes are mostly used to pay for things that helps us compete with low cost countries ( such as infrastructure , education health care etc ) . 
  i think that what most irks me is that the actual collected taxes are so low in these countries and they seem to not be able to do anything about it, 
  almost all countries on top have better economy ( per capita obviously ) than germany . 
  could you quit your pathetic `` ad hominem '' whining , read your thread and what you are saying . 
  you bring this up every time and it is just pathetic . 
  it would also help if you knew what it meant . 
  i do n't know shit about a country 's future . 
  in fact if i did , i would know what to invest in . 
  i have stated my point far to many times already . 
  you seem to think that humans somehow can model economic systems . 
  they are far to complex and we do n't know what the in going values are anyway , besides we probably ca n't measure them anyway . 
  people certainly are trying but they will be extreme simplifications that will only work in certain situations . 
  besides if we could create models they would probably change because we would game the system to earn money . 
  i really doubt that you have studied any natural science if you do n't understand what i 'm saying . 
  let 's take meteorology for example . 
  we have models that quite accurate can predict weather at least for the near future . 
  we however ca n't feed the model with all in going data simply because we ca n't for example know the water temperature in all parts of the atlantic etc. 
  if we knew everything , we would have quite reliable weather forecasts . 
  on the other hand , we have gravity . 
  we do n't know what it is or how it works . 
  however we have found out that it depends on mass and have some very weird implications when we have a lot of it . 
  we can measure in going and out going parameters but do n't know what happens . 
  now we have economy . 
  people can make some predictions but they simply do n't know the model or which the in-going parameters are ( there are so many to choose from ) or even which are the outgoing ones . 
  even predicting stocks or futures are extremely hard and if it could be done , the fact that we are predicting something would alter the model . 
  now to take a great leap to predict something for a country is just to complicated . 
  to say for certain that austerity is good or bad for a country is simply impossible . 
  the recent fights keynes vs. hayek supporters is a typical example . 
  the best any expert can do is to do educated guesses . 
  it also pathetic to flaunt your self as a `` scientist '' . 
  do you think you are alone ? 
  i 'm fairly certain i have studied far more natural science than you have . 
  however i fail to see how this is relevant . 
  to me it just reeks of insecurity like when people have to show of their new car to show how successful they are . 
  good night , come back when you have any valid points that brings this discussion forward . 
  valid points are not any dick-measuring-education-contests that you seem to like . 
  i failed to see any relevant from you input what so ever . 
  i was trying to explain to you why i said `` it is n't a science '' when someone asked why an expert in economy has less weight when he says `` the economy can be fixed by doing x '' , while we tend to listen more to a doctor that says `` you are sick because of y '' . 
  this obviously went way above your head ( or you had a bad day ) . 
  as in `` inexact '' , what was the cause of the second iraq war ? 
  is us economy in good or bad shape and can they continue with the deficit and what will happen when they need to decrease it ? 
  well we do n't know . 
  we do however know how our solar system will end and have a fairly good idea of how the universe will end . 
  yes obviously , i was commenting why fields like economy and sociology is in its nature inexact . 
  you have some rambling about elitism etc. 
  i see that you fail to understand the basics of science and its implications . 
  i recommend that you do some reading before you write any more comments, 
   it sounds almosts elitist , but when i go the doctor , i expect him to tell me what illness i have and what the best solution is . 
  what 's the point in having people specialize in all kinds of politically relevant fields , like economy or sociology , when we do n't listen to them like we would listen to a doctor ? 
  calm down . 
  i do n't know if you misunderstood due to your rambling about doctors which was n't my point at all . 
  economy and sociology is n't a science because you ca n't formulate a theory , do experiments and finally have it peer reviewed . 
  if you do n't understand that , you will have serious problems in life . 
  the problems in for example physics are far more simple . 
  like formulating a theory of certain particles and then prove it , by building a particle accelerator . 
  in real life , like economy , you ca n't do that and a theory in economy is by it nature less worth . 
  you ca n't prove it . 
  like the current depression , we ca n't agree why it happened or what the solution is . 
  we can only predict and create a model of a situation where we can control or measure all in going values and measure all outgoing . 
  a lot of people do valuable contributions in fields where they do not have this possibility but they can never prove their theories . 
  this is just how it is and you will have to learn to live with it . 
  having 10 % of the work force in early retirement helps as well, 
  the euro is not the same as the common market . 
  besides most countries have trade agreements anyway so it would be hard , apart from the fact that this is stupid tot begin with, 
  because it isnt a science ? 
  to be fair a doctor that treats one kind of sickness once during his lifespan wouldnt be much use either, 
  a guess is that malta as being extremely religious ( in a european context ) the suicide rate is under reported . 
  i thought we talked about europe, 
  no no ... shudder, 
  what is so great about facebook ? 
  everybody uses it . 
  if esperanto was used by everyone , it would be that language . 
  as a scandinavian it has the added bonus that it is closely related and easy for us to learn, 
  the goddam spelling, 
  yes especially service sector that targets young people . 
  this will be long rant but think about it from our perspective .
