i do admit my view may be skewed by spending too much time on r/worlnews lately . 
  the whole thing happened on friday night . 
  how much quicker do you want them to be ? 
  the problem with both these things is that they always get projected on the whole group , especially here on reddit . 
  every time some germans burn down a refugee shelter , reddit assumes that * all * germans hate refugees with a passion . 
  every time an asylum seeker commits a crime , it 's assumed that * all * of them are criminal scum . 
  it create the narrative of the poor german people , suppressed by their government and those evil muslim migrants that just does n't reflect reality . 
  yes please !, 
  i 'm curious : why ? 
  that is fucking glorious !, 
  i hope you do n't mind me posting it to r/kopiernudeln, 
  i * know * !, 
  that 's what annoys me . 
  people are so spoiled by a railway system that generally runs smoothly that they blow up every problem out of proportion and act like it 's all shit . 
  people complaining about the trains always being late . 
  yeah , they are frequently delayed by 5 minutes , but honestly that 's not a big deal . 
  big delays are an annoyance and i can understand everyone affected to rant about it . 
  but people act like our trains are * always * late by at least an hour . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  we have a huge and intricate railway system with stations in almost every town . 
  of course things are bound to fail every day . 
  but compared to other countries we really have it good . 
  the fifth - and sixth-graders at my school seem to love playing `` pimmeln '' ( `` to penis '' ) . 
  it basically boils down to pulling other people 's hoods over their head so that their head looks like the head of a penis ( at least to preteens obsessed with `` naughty '' body parts ) . 
  usually it results in some kid getting annoyed with being penised and then either they start a fight or come running to the teachers . 
  so the same as `` ochs am berge '' ? 
  it sounds kinda off , but since it 's been happening for years you get kinda used to it . 
  does n't stop me from annoying people by correcting it , though . 
   there 's also a few weird things happening like french people starting to say `` \u00e7a fait sens '' which is a literal translation of `` it makes sense '' . 
  funny , we have the exact same thing happening in german with people saying `` das macht sinn '' , instead of `` das ergibt sinn '' . 
  uh ... no . 
  that would be utterly ridiculous . 
  why should the government have anything to do with its ' citizens dating life . 
  next up you 'll propose that every of those government-matched couples have a mandated number of children . 
  no thank you . 
  it 's not even really certain that it * was * assad , so this reaction looks hasty and idiotic , tbh . 
  it would be laughable if we were n't talking about * a fucking * ** missile strike ** . 
  makes me worried about the aftermath . 
  i guess so . 
  many people were reporting on their friends and family - some voluntarily , some were forced . 
  even if you know that someone close to you was forced to spy on you - the knowledge alone will probably change the relationship you have . 
  in some cases ignorance may very well be bliss . 
  it 's similar with my grandparents . 
  they are sure there 's a file on them . 
  they lived in west germany at the time and used to smuggle things like books and music across the border . 
  my mother told me that for some time their house phone was bugged ( you could hear a `` click '' when they listened in ) and the border patrol searched them thoroughly but never found anything . 
  my grandparents are curious but as of now refrain from looking into the files . 
  they prefer not to damage relationships with what they might find in there . 
  thanks for clarifying that . 
  yeah , the picture is what has me kinda weirded out . 
  so the place where you pick the ballots is public and everyone can potentially see which parties you voted ? 
  to add to that : there are several parties ( currently about six that are relevant on a national level ) and government is usually formed in coalition , since it 's rare that one party gets the absolute majority . 
  parties and politicians are something to complain about . 
  none of them is perfect , but some are always worse than others and some may be actually decent ( which are which depends on the speaker , of course ) . 
  while merkel has become quite a big figure , politicians in general are not the focus of attention . 
  it 's about what they do , not who they are . 
  the way presidents ( and candidates ) are treated looks almost cultish to many germans . 
  having so much revolve around the * person * is weird to a country where we vote for a party instead of a candidate . 
  most accurate answer . 
  that 's why * sometimes * it 's safe to cross at night . 
  after repeatedly looking both ways to make absolutely sure no one sees you . 
  and * god help you * if there are children watching . 
  mostly we take a stance of : `` none of my business . '', 
  i 'd guess that most of the population is pretty fine with homo - and bisexuality . 
  unfortunately the ones that * are n't * like to loudly shot about it . 
  we 've had a couple of curriculum reforms lately that brown sex ed . 
  most folks liked it , but some went to demonstrate ... 
  cakes are a big thing - [ schwarzw\u00e4lder kirschtorte ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_forest_gateau ) being the most famous . 
  there 's also [ krapfen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berliner_%28doughnut%29 ) , a kind of doughnut filled with jam ( but they also make it with all kinds of fillings ) . 
  south germany : squirrels , deer , sparrows , crows , blackbirds , bunnies , boars , robins , hedgehogs , mice , rats , shrews . 
  also , curiously , in my city , maybugs are a real plague , while in other areas they are practically nonexistant . 
  the rise of far right sentiments and groups . 
  i do n't want my country to become a place where burning refugee shelters are normal . 
  we 've had these red solo cups for parties . 
  but not because of america , but because of specific drinking games ( flip cup ), 
  there 's a similar custom in german protestant churches . 
  on easter sunday there is a church service really early in the morning , about an hour before sunrise . 
  it starts out with a small fire infront of the church . 
  sometimes the pastor reads out a part of the bible , sometimes it 's just silence . 
  often the congregation sings a certain [ taiz\u00e9 song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qn9xjeyu7s ) . 
  then the paschal candle is ignited at the fire and carried into the church , where the service begins . 
  it 's ancient history . 
  i 've never heard anyone complain about that . 
  yeah , the nazi thing sucks . 
  we harp enough guilt on ourselves already . 
  being repeatedly called a nazi does n't make our collective national guilt any better . 
  also , we do n't wear lederhosen and dirndl all the time . 
  that 's bavaria ( a german state ) you 're thinking of . 
  and even they only wear it for traditional celebrations . 
  we do drink a lot of beer , though . 
  oh yeah , the hell that is `` brandschutzverordnung '' ( fire regulations ) . 
  it really makes some things overly complicated . 
  tipping is not required in germany , servers are paid hourly and do n't have to rely on tips . 
  however , for small amounts it 's customary to have them keep the change ( but no one will burn you at the stake if you do n't ) for cafes and restaurants where you sit down . 
  that also goes for taxi drivers , hairdressers and pizza service ( or similar food service ) . 
  in general , tipping 10 % is a good guideline , more if the service was really excellent . 
  in germany some regions light huge bonfires on the night before easter . 
  sometimes it 's a religious ceremony , sometimes it 's much more secular ( and an opportunity to drink ) . 
  getting friends together for a bonfire is not unheard of , but also not highly common . 
  people rather tend to do it as part of a camping trip or a barbecue .
