  ca n't eat your cake and have it too . 
  i 'd rather have my tax money was used for more cooperating countries . 
  the wording of that section is still very neutral . 
  or a nurse graph . 
  my team recently had a job opening : out of about a dozen applicants only one was female . 
  it 's difficult to increase those proportions if 90 % of all applicants are male . 
  that sounds like institutionalized discrimination to me . 
  such an impressive speech for someone who 's just lost his husband . 
  i did n't know that association . 
  for me , ` remove kebab ' has always been associated with eu4 ( a grand strategy game , where defeating ottomans can be quite a challenging task ), 
  ever visited yad vashem ? 
  visiting that place made a great impact on me . 
  it always irks me how much american media focus on the private lives of politicians . 
  why care who they go to bed with . 
  it 's not relevant to their policies whatsoever . 
  on the two days a year the smog clears up, 
  nl culture leans considerably more towards anglo-saxon culture than most of the continent . 
  option 1 . 
  restarting would mean all the previous sessions were pointless . 
  i actually live in the hague . 
  everything 's open here on sunday , as is the same in rotterdam . 
  in maastricht everything too is open on sunday . 
  it all does close a bit earlier ( 6pm or so ) . 
  restaurants are not open on sundays ? 
  dear goodness . 
  that 's one of their primary days here . 
  they tend to be closed on mondays tho . 
  ha , joke 's on you :-) . 
  you 're right . 
  i parsed that as traditional nuclear families . 
   you seemed to imply that one group ( small ) group of people forces their beliefs that 's not at all what i was arguing . 
  what i was arguing is that the law mostly responds to the _ concerns _ of one group of people ( nuclear families ) . 
  evidently the wider german electorate things these concerns are more pressing . 
  ( extreme example of something of a similar process : some women can and do vote for misogynistic laws . 
  those laws cater to the concerns of primarily misogynistic men , but can have an entirely democratic formation process )  ... people who are well off ... 
  it 's nice of you to think i 'm particularly well off . 
  if only my bank account would agree ;-)  i personally find it very relaxing and i personally would n't want the state to interfere in what i see as an entirely private affair : how i spent my time with loved ones and friends . 
  and even tho it may indeed make planning somewhat easier , it also makes other stuff impossible : one could never go shopping with friends on the one day it 's easy to plan stuff with friends . 
  and is the state to say shopping is not a valid activity to do with friends ? 
  evidently the answer is yes in germany , but i personally rather had the answer was no . 
  i think his question was rhetorical . 
  as in : the law , as it is , is quasi-hypocrtical already since it must be broken for the jobs mentioned . 
  thank you . 
  that was exactly my point . 
  where have i said this is not up to the german people to decide that for themselves ? 
  does n't mean someone can not have a different opinion than the generally accepted in germany concerning sunday shopping . 
   pragmatic nope . 
  a more pragmatic solution would be to mandate employers to give their employees one day per week off , to the choosing of the employee . 
  that 'd allow everyone who wants the family time etc to continue that , but also allow companies to open with the employees who are fine with taking another day off . 
  choose not to do what ? 
  i am not arguing that it is n't possible for the state to do such things . 
  i am saying , that in my humble opinion , it should n't have this role . 
  and yes , that 's an opinion , and not everyone has to agree with that . 
  you seem to suggest one can not have a debate about the role of the state in private affairs . 
  so the needs of one specific group should dictate how the _ entire population _ spends its time ? 
  it 's this type of anti-liberal thinking ( in the european sense of the word ) why i would not want to live in culturally german countries ( and i have tried ) . 
  that 's a circular argument . 
  because the state mandates sunday rest , everyone 's off , and therefore ( you argue ) one ca n't change sunday rest , because everybody 's off . 
  ah , so just because trump was democratically we are not allowed to disagree with his policies ? 
  we are not allowed to disagree with turkey democratically undoing its own democracy ? 
  definitely not necessarily . 
  state can make it a requirement you get at least x days per week off . 
  _ when _ one takes that time , can then be entirely between employer and employee . 
  no requirement to mandate a specific day . 
  here it 's up the the local city council . 
  that means stuff is open in most cities , but religious municipalities can keep things closed . 
  then you take monday off , or whatever . 
  state should n't determine how you decide to spend your time . 
  but why should this be up to the state to decide ? 
  having enough time off , sure , but when to take this time off should be a private matter imho . 
  the light they emit is on the blue side of the spectrum ( = relatively energetic ) . 
  violet is on the extreme ` blue ' end of the visible spectrum, 
  i understand that the mediterranean was one of the most populous and developed places on earth for millenia , and therefore more susceptible to plagues , but is n't there at least a bit of confirmation bias going on ? 
  no widespread epidemics at all in e.g. 
  india strikes me as unlikely . 
   he basically helped erdogan win his referendum in exchange for erdogan helping him win the elections here . 
  / r/conspiracy is leaking eh . 
  the stuff about marijuana is no longer valid . 
  his party had an internal vote on that issue a few months ago where they made a near 180 degree move on the issue . 
   his party is against marihuana legalisation no longer true . 
  the vvd had an internal party vote a few months ago where they made a near 180 degree move on the issue . 
  got macron . 
  huge risks actually . 
  people tend to be way too naive about anesthetics . 
  putting someone to sleep is not far removed from killing them . 
  thanks . 
  that 's some more information that actually explains the protests . 
  people do n't like plants anymore then ? 
  it 's weird . 
  two days of spring temperatures , and everyone starts hauling out their pots and plants here . 
  even renovated they look bad . 
  where did all the plants go ? 
  this actually looks not so bad at all . 
  if only it had been properly maintained . 
  there are a lot of rules in the social sector . 
  in the private sector , there are n't technically any when it concerns price ( only that it must be _ above _ 710 euros/month , lest it be deemed social housing ) . 
  however , once in we have a lot of protection for renters . 
  it is very difficult to evict a tenant . 
  also our building codes are quite strict . 
  the dutch equivalent of schufa only exists for financial services .
