  could you explain me why , with such a high number of ethnic albanians , you do n't outright join albania ? 
  such a beautiful city !, 
  in the nederlands , such things would n't render it invalid , unless the text can somehow be traced back to writer ( so writing your phone number would invalidate it ) . 
  you can happily write `` you 're all < insert profanity  '' and it 's all ok . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  what is ikhwan ? 
  i 'm from that tiny splotch of orange in the south . 
  we had a [ 5.8 quake ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_roermond_earthquake ) when i was a small kid . 
  slaver 's bay is _ definitely _ modeled on the barbary coast , as another analogy . 
  would n't count on it . 
  i ca n't roll or trill my rs . 
  even my throat-r that 's ok in dutch sounds half-baked . 
  even had therapy for this ; still ca n't manage it . 
  i think i miss a muscle or so . 
  english ' barely-pronounced rs are my lifesaver . 
  if you want more grumpy northwestern european taxpayers , this is how you get more grumpy northwestern european taxpayers . 
  perhaps it 's a gay bar ? 
  i still have this on cd !, 
   compared to other colonies that still does n't justify the system . 
  it could have been the best colonial system in the world , in the end there was still a power balance where the colonies were at the lesser end of the stick . 
  no taxation without representation . 
  that 's a valid argument . 
  from the minds of an 18th-century american taxpayer or 16th century dutch taxpayer ( we revolted for some of the [ same ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiende_penning ) reasons ) : why should i pay tax to a government i have no representation in ? 
  that the colonies in the modern us may have been paying relatively little compared to others , does n't mean the very nature of the system was n't wrong . 
  thank you brave canadians , americans , brits !, 
  i very likely owe my life to you . 
  welcome montenegro !, 
  dutch authorities get called often , but when we actually intervene , we usually get branded as overzealous colonialists by the locals . 
  it 's a very thin line to walk . 
  yeah , but i 'll still be going no matter what . 
  the machines used to create chips , however , are [ dutch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asml_holding ) . 
  oh no , it passed the turing test !, 
  and perhaps that 's a good thing . 
  mass tourism destroys . 
  a festering wound would kill by sepsis within a few days . 
  ukraine . 
  archimedes was _ assasinated _ ? 
  respectable age for that time . 
   and all have been caught . 
  apparently not all have , or they are sending those letters from prison . 
  i hope he makes a speedy recovery , and may the culprits be quickly caught . 
  farmers spend less money ? 
  you have any idea how expensive farm equipment is ? 
  you could buy a nice house with a view for the same price as that tractor costs . 
  you probably farm one or two crops . 
  perhaps three . 
  that 's not enough to have a varied diet . 
  you 'd still need to buy food . 
  tobacco is not a good investment strategy as more and more countries try to make smoking unpopular . 
  and having a tobacco farm is morally questionable at best . 
  i loved this show !, 
  germans are just being copycats . 
  that works , with an emulsifier . 
  ah , yes , i was thinking of that period . 
  thanks for correcting me . 
  i currently do n't live abroad , but have lived in germany ( berlin ) . 
  tho i had great colleagues , i did n't like the country . 
  and to hell with qwertz . 
  as a dutchie who was skeptical about romania joining schengen : it was for purely economic reasons . 
  romania joining schengen was economically damaging in a time when unemployment was increasing already due to the financial crisis . 
  after all , our average incomes differ by 500 % . 
  lower educated dutch workers ( e.g. 
  truck drivers ) stood to loose from eastern european competition , as they would have to take huge salary cuts to be able to compete with them . 
  ultimately , by the time romania _ did _ join schengen , our economy was out of the deepest pit , and more capable of handling that . 
  so it 's has nothing to do with being against romanians ( i have romanian colleagues myself , and watching the anti-corruption protests earlier this year was beyond inspiring ) , but i do not think harmonizing economies with a 500 % difference in income is a good idea , and i feel the eu has expanded at an unsustainable fast pace in the early 2000s . 
  i 'm not opposed to expansion in principle , and would even be in favor of a federal europe , but expansion has to happen in a sustainable pace and we should n't have expanded just for the sake of expansion . 
  we generally do not have a culture of speaking with strangers , in general . 
  making friends in nl , even for dutch themselves , is simply more difficult than in southern europe . 
  different mentalities . 
  thanks . 
  source ? 
  the thing is that the distinction between dialect and language is not set in stone , and usually more political than scientific . 
  for instance , my [ native tongue ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maastrichtian_dialect ) is usually classed as a dialect of dutch ( tho a eu treaty ratified by nl but not by belgium classes it was a regional language ) , while it is _ not _ mutually intelligible with standard dutch . 
  they 're not standard latin , no , as they 're diacritics . 
  as someone from western europe , i would n't have a clue how to pronounce them without looking it up . 
  based on the parent parent comment i suppose \u0161 sounds like ` sh ' , since it was pointed out \u0161 = \u0428 , which just _ has _ to be derived from hebrew \u05e9 . 
  based on that , i 'd assume \u017e sounds like the voiced equivalent ( `` zh '' ? 
  ) , but that 's all guesswork . 
  _ belgium _ is part of the eu . 
  any eu status of a future independent wallonia or independent flanders is in limbo at best . 
  that 's not an issue anymore since a few years , it got split the electoral district may have been split , it does n't solve the issue of several hundred thousand francophone living inside flemish territory . 
  that would be a significant minority in any future independent flemish state , and any future wallonian state would very likely want to have a say over these people . 
   easier said than done . 
  if the french and germans - former arch enemies - can have tv arte , you guys can have a bilingual channel too . 
   what they do is just transfer powers from the federal level to the regions but this is not any structural reform . 
  federal government is , legally , equally powerful than any of the gewesten or communities . 
  something has to give , at some point . 
   at least someone here has a clue about what is going on . 
  i grew up near the language border . 
  my family 's part belgian - from _ both _ sides of the division . 
   how are we supposed to communicate ? 
  by at least having _ some _ sort of shared media , but alas , you do n't even have that . 
  the flemish only watch vrt , wallonians only watch rtbf . 
  when reading flemish news , i do n't even get a a clue what 's going on in wallonia . 
  heck , it 's easier to find out what 's happening in e.g. 
  germany than it is for wallonia from dutch-language media . 
  i suppose it 's the same for wallonian media with regards to flanders or nl . 
   the sooner , the better . 
  i do not think you want to rush things . 
  honestly , the can of worms that is bhv will probably take decades to figure out .
