  i might not agree with your position , but that 's just nuts : /, 
  yes , there exists one . 
  it 's called the commission . 
  do you have a link that backs up your claim scotland does not meet the maastricht criteria ? 
  ah , i see my apartment has flooded over per this map . 
   this is n't because the eu is some anti-democratic monstrosity but that people do n't understand the implications of their vote and this may also be the problem of the eu not communicating properly . 
  my family voted against the eu constitution ( i was too young to vote ) , not because they were _ against _ it , but because they did not understand what it was really about in the first place . 
  they did not want to accept a proposal they did not understand the benefits of . 
  just ... how ? 
  my local tram stop platform is perhaps 50m long . 
  if everyone is spaced like that there 'd be a line all the way to the next two stops in the morning . 
  that 's the paradox of liberalism . 
  what is a liberal society to do when it is confronted by a large influx of not-so-liberal people ? 
  the randstad is the generic term for the heavily urbanized western part of the country , with most economic and essentially all political power . 
  it literally means `` rim city '' , since it consists of a series of cities that form a near continuous ring around the so-called `` green heart '' . 
  as for limburg : southern limburg is one the most urbanized areas outside the randstad ( about 600 , 000 people live in an area of about 25km \u00d7 25km ) . 
  it used to be heavily industrialized , with the state mines directly or indirectly employing about a 100,000 people . 
  it was one of the richest areas in the country until the late 1960s . 
  the mines were closed . 
  those hundred thousand people lost their jobs in a time span of just a few years . 
  the profits of the state mines ( which were , frankly , huge ) were not reinvested back in limburg , but went mostly to the randstad . 
  places like brunssum went from 10th richest town in the country in 1960 to 360th ( out of 395 ) in the mid-90s . 
  to this day , unemployment is still higher than average , and most educated young people ( yours truly as well ;-) ) have left the province to find work elsewhere . 
  and the central government still refuses to pay for the damaged caused by the mines ( a few years ago , a mall collapsed , and many buildings have structural damage because the mines caused the water table to raise ) . 
  they 've switched on that recently in an internal party vote . 
  also , the banning weed thing just does n't match with their ideology , so at one point it has to go . 
  which , to be honest , is a better outcome than if they had voted pvv . 
  baudet may be alt-right , but he seems more reasonable than wilders . 
  at least his platform has some ideological consistency . 
  that 's a lot of abstention . 
  the pvv vote in limburg is less about borders , but more about anti-establishment . 
  the central government and mainstream parties are less trusted than in the rest of the country due to the abandonment of limburg by the randstad from the 60s onwards . 
  you mean reintegration with netherlands ? 
  why are n't they shut down by authorities ? 
  oh , this is hilarious !, 
  any source on that ? 
  turkey is having referendum on expanded presidential powers in april . 
  large turkish communities exist in some european countries . 
  turkish government wants to campaign in those countries for the yes-vote . 
  netherlands is one of those countries . 
  dutch government puts rules on any rally ( size/location etc ) , but censorship on content is banned . 
  turkish minister wanted to ignore those rules . 
  dutch tried to negotiate . 
  turkey threatened with sanctions if nl didnt do exactly as turkey wanted . 
  nl responded by cancelling the landing rights of tr minister 's plane . 
  tr responded by calling nl nazis and fascist remnants . 
  tr then also tried to get another minister into nl by car . 
  she was blocked in front of the tr consulate in rotterdam for a few hours ; eventually escorted s out of the country . 
  tr cut all diplomatic connections with nl , proceeded to accuse nl of genocide . 
  and now this . 
  tl ; dr : turkey is behaving like a toddler throwing a tantrum . 
  not disagreeing with you , but he is interesting to look at , so at least we have that :p, 
  we have coalition governments . 
  they tend to fall apart before their term is over . 
  this government has been the first in a long time to make the full term . 
  the netherlands generally tends to be more economically right wing than most outsiders think . 
  we are and always have been a trading nation . 
  limburg used to a be rich mining area until the 1960s . 
  then it got dumped and forgotten by the central government . 
  it 's now one of the poorest regions , with the endemic unemployment only abating because most educated young people have left the province to seek jobs elsewhere ( yours truly as well ;-) ) . 
  so resentment against the central government is still significantly higher than elsewhere . 
  old hungary is so clear . 
  1 ) wilders is from limburg . 
  2 ) limburg often feels forgotten by the national government ( complicated history ; used to be a rich mining area until the 60s . 
  then got effectively dumped by the national government ) . 
  actually , i love rotterdam . 
  big city feel , not so arrogant as amsterdam , lots of urban development . 
  i love the fact that he changes the lyrics to '' _ een _ kampioen '' . 
  some football sneer had to get in of course :p, 
  your minister [ seems to agree ] ( https://twitter.com/peteraltmaier/status/842107611734544384?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) with singing songs !, 
  what app are you using ? 
  oh god yes , i was hoping for this coalition !, 
  yeha , next time anyone says it 's only a small fraction of turks in nl are pro-erdogan , they should lookup those numbers . 
  rtv rijnmond is the local broadcaster of rotterdam . 
  edit : checked the rtv rijnmond live blog . 
  at 56 % of the vote counted , pvv is the largest so far in rotterdam , but that 's an early call . 
  yes , and no . 
  he is indeed the only member of his party . 
  technically , the party has two members , the natural person geert wilders and a foundation , of which geert wilders is the only member , so the two members of the party are geert wilders and geert wilders . 
  however , the _ list _ of candidates has to be send to the electoral board _ before _ the elections . 
  so he is able to determine the list of candidates by himself , but once done , he ca n't really change that . 
  vvd-cda-d66 does _ not _ hold a majority in the exit poll . 
  majority is at least 76 seats . 
  vvd + cda + d66 = 31 + 19 + 19 = 69 seats . 
  because he 's afraid to take any responsibility . 
  in a nutshell : he is incapable of governing . 
  thanks :-), 
  source ? 
  this fee exists . 
  we used to . 
  they were found to be vulnerable to hacking , so back to pen and paper . 
  fear for russian hacking means this year they wo n't even be counted using machine . 
  i wo n't say until after the polls close . 
  definitely not pvv tho . 
  edit : polls are closed . 
  voted for [ her ] ( http://dilanyesilgoz.nl/ ), 
  just went to vote . 
  not very busy at my local polling station yet . 
  we 'll build some extra water works . 
  post-great-leader-syndrome .
