  the fdp back in business ? 
  that was about time . 
  says a belgian : /, 
  you ca n't really relocate wolfs . 
  these animals walk tens of miles a day . 
  what else is new ? 
  unrelated question : this is the first i see a vatican city flair on this sub . 
  you actually live there ? 
  the subtitles there seem to only summarize things ; they do n't flow with the spoken dialogue . 
  do you have any link that contains full subtitles ? 
  even with flash turned off this manages to autoplay some sound !, 
  awful website . 
  as determined by ... ? 
  but they do get a european salary . 
  you know , the irony of it all . 
  every single western government does this . 
  this area is now called schiphol-oost , and contains mostly offices . 
  one runway of the old airport remains there , the [ oostbaan ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/oostbaan ) ( runway 04-22 ) . 
  it is the airport 's shortest , and therefore normally exclusively used for smaller planes . 
  in exceptional cases it 's used for conventional passenger planes as well . 
  you cross 2 , actually . 
  klm has an app like that on android phones . 
  biologically sourced says nothing about biodegradability . 
  oil technically is a biological source . 
  just as one can make some sugar-based polymers from refined oil ( needless to say via some convoluted process ) , one can also make completely nondegradable polymers from biological sources . 
  this is purely symbolic politics . 
  my best guess for belgium is that it 's mostly wallonia . 
  ever since the heavy industry closed there , that region has been effectively bankrupt . 
  there 's three cities in belgium plotted : liege , brussels and antwerpen . 
  antwerpen being fine at 5 % , with the francophone cities not doing good . 
  the circle south-west of brussels is probably lille , france . 
  all wikipedias are biased . 
  this is not something to be afraid of , it 's just the natural course of things . 
  speakers of language x will obviously write more about things that affected speakers of language x. 
  it wo n't . 
  even to the most hardcore settlers having nukes is just a deterrent . 
  if they would use one , they 'd be nuked to smithereens by another major power very quickly . 
  and then it 's truly game over , since israel is so small even one single nuke will at least kill 50 % of its population . 
  that was inevitable since we did n't apply the right pressure when they all arrived in the first place . 
  american culture is much better in this regard . 
  if you do n't appropriate american culture you simply wo n't survive . 
  but when you do , you 'll be very welcome into the fold and be considered a true 100 % american . 
  europe failed in allowing those people who did not wish to appropriate european culture to flourish . 
  they got houses and benefits , with little incentive to join european culture . 
  conversely , europe sucks at even accepting those migrants who do appropriate the culture . 
  the problem is n't exactly helped by the turkish army wiping entire cities from the map in the east , tho . 
  i once paid $ 110 for a ride from schiphol to the hague , after the railways had a complete fuck up that night . 
  but considering that 's about 50km , i think that 's ok . 
  tourists to amsterdam should just use public transport . 
  the airport has a massive railway station , and there 's like a bus to amsterdam central every other minute on any number of lines . 
  we really eat a lot of peanut based foods . 
  in fact , us and the israelis * have notably lower rates of peanut allergy than other oecd countries because we consume that much peanut as children . 
  * : the most popular israeli candy ( bamba ) is also peanut based, 
  you might want to put a massive disclaimer on that comment . 
  that `` analysis '' is written by wikileaks . 
  the entire purpose of the document will therefore be for pure shock value . 
  wikileaks has decided that all governments and companies are evil , and therefore will attempt anything to discredit those . 
  it is by no means a neutral party that can analyze a trade agreement . 
  then why is it 32 degrees in mid-september ? 
  magical fairies ? 
  prohibition did n't work for the americans , did it ? 
  i hate smoke , and i 'm all for legislation that protects bystanders from inhaling even the slightest amount of smoke . 
  but it 's not up to the government to tell people what they can do with their lungs . 
  it is useless according to * your * world view . 
  others might disagree , or might not be sure what they think about that subject . 
  it 's wrong for a government to a force a certain world view onto its subjects , even tho i likely agree with said world view . 
  let me phrase it differently . 
  suppose it were technologically possible to manufacture organs , but it would be double as expensive to do as extracting organs from braindead people . 
  on purely utilitarian grounds extracting organs from brain dead donors would be the way to go . 
  but is that ethical ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  so then why do so many people think it 's ethical to force the removal of organs ? 
  a corpse does in fact have some rights . 
  article 11 of our constitution says the * body * is sacrosanct . 
  it does n't say whether it has to be alive in order for that right to apply . 
  i find this emotional type of argument lacking . 
  the cause of the issue is entirely technological . 
  we have the means to transplant organs , but we do not yet have the means to manufacture organs . 
  so we are not allowed to put our own interests on top ? 
  i 'm probably one of the few here who 's not too happy about this . 
  while i understand the need for more organ donations , i do not think the government has a right to tell people what they should preferably be doing with their body post-mortem . 
  in a time when governments are ( rightfully ) forcing companies to implement opt-in systems regarding privacy , our most private possession - our own bodies - now become subject to an opt-out system . 
  that is anachronistic at best . 
  it leaves a morally sour taste . 
  then there is the legal issue . 
  the constitution regulates that the body is sacrosanct . 
  while the council of state has indeed argued that an opt-out system is n't necessarily unconstitutional , it did think it was something of a grey area . 
  at the very least , the new law makes it * easier * to fall into unconstitutional territory . 
  namely , making a sane decision requires one to know that a decision can be made in the first place . 
  those of us reading this thread might know that , but who 's to say that holds true for all 17 million of us ? 
  besides , it remains to be seen whether everyone even understands the consequences of said decision . 
  the government campaigned for years trying to make people aware they could become a donor ; will it now also campaign to make people aware they can decide not to ? 
  are we now one budget cut away from unconstitutional territory ? 
  the body is n't dead yet at the time when organ donation is still possible . 
  the brain probably is , but not the body . 
  the dutch constitution regulates the inviolability of the * body * , which at the point is still intact . 
  the council of state is not the supreme court . 
  because it might be unconstitutional under article 11 of the constitution , which regulates the inviolability of the body . 
  while the council of state - not the constitutional court , as we do n't have one - argued that it might constitutional , but that it was pretty vague . 
  australia !,
