  lol !, 
  oh , man , those two are cute < 3, 
  the metric used in this map is a bunch of crap . 
  the reason the netherlands scores so low here is because dutch law does n't specifically mention homosexuality in discrimination/racism laws . 
  but that 's entirely unnecessary in dutch law , since article one of the constitution : _ all persons in the netherlands shall be treated equally in equal, 
  not the one you one replied to , but that map does explain your earliest question : housing prices in belgium are _ much _ lower than in the netherlands . 
  housing . 
  meanwhile , millions of / r/belgium residents flee to / r/thenetherlands until / r/de builds a fence again . 
  i see an opportunity there to get our bikes back . 
  that name sounds like some gay porn studio . 
  where can i get this ? 
  she likely views that as performing any type of ` work ' , which is prohibited on sabbath . 
  this is such an odd ruling . 
  so a divorced couple is not allowed to have different views on life ? 
  must the father always assume the lifestyle of the mother is better ? 
  does n't make any sense . 
  in fact , haredim visiting secular institutions , like museums , is something that should be encouraged . 
  which is exactly why right-wing votes are driven to the extreme right . 
  i 'm on the economic right , and i have absolutely no idea what to vote for in march . 
  needs to get down back to reality , and accept the multicultural society has failed . 
  i absolutely do n't trust any of these ( except , perhaps , for schippers , but she 's said she does n't want to be pm ) . 
  cda ? 
  voted against gay marriage , with a pm who re-iterated that position not too long ago . 
  never in my life . 
  last time i saw jeb he was floating somewhere between the mun and kerbin . 
  so sad . 
  that volume tho ... 
  that was so pathetic . 
  that 's very well done !, 
  had a good laugh . 
  how realistic is it that anyone ever achieves everything they campaigned for ? 
  extremely unlikely . 
  the way i view campaigns , is that they are essentially what would happen when the country would be a dictatorship under that party , without any opposition . 
  it 's a thought experiment , and everyone should know all _ actual _ policies will be watered-down versions . 
  so what exactly did he do that was supposedly neo-liberal ? 
  so just mere disagreement is grounds for dismissal in france ? 
  . . says buzzfeed, 
  mark was a latin name ( marcus ) , and i believe luke was greek too . 
  same goes for most the other apostles and most early christians . 
  yeshua is the hebrew name . 
   even though they were only with 8000 this would be a massive protest , by dutch standards . 
  that riot police has to make a charge would be essentially unheard of . 
  i think the problem with these kind of articles is that they immediately place the blame at employers . 
  as if any and all employment problems are caused by employers being discriminatory . 
  cultural issues are usually a huge factor here . 
  a staggering [ 69 % ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2015/31/zeven-van-de-tien-somaliers-in-de-bijstand ) of somali immigrants is unemployed in the netherlands . 
  discrimination ? 
  likely has something to do with it . 
  but now compare polish immigrants ; just 2.1 % unemployed , which is less than the dutch rate . 
  to be honest , it does look awfully dodgy . 
  the people concerned here are n't technically foreigners . 
  by and large they are born in the uk . 
  you should pick up the local accent if you have lived in the place all your life . 
  i know it 's possible . 
  i know enough people of non-dutch descent who speak dutch with an actual limburgish accent . 
  and guess what ? 
  those are the more successful ones . 
  something worse than * krauts * . 
  it 's considered a very derogatory term . 
  if you still want to make fun of germans , but do n't want to go full hostile , you could use * pruis * ( obviously related to prussia ) , although that might be a southern thing . 
  it is n't much anymore . 
  most of the cubes are for sale , because living in one is obviously complicated . 
  there are a few shops , and a hostel . 
  the rest seems to be decaying into nothingness . 
  if it was n't a tourist destination , i think the city should just demolish it and get something better . 
  i 've lived in rotterdam , but if you had n't told me that first pic was the coolsingel , i would n't have been able to recognize it . 
  crazy , actually . 
  that really sounds convoluted . 
  no info on israel ? 
  by illegal means ? 
  next you 're going to argue the mafia is just doing their best to stay competitive , and the illegality of murders is just shit laws . 
  because not doing so means that anyone can just screw over the system . 
  it would mean companies are above the law , simply because , yes , they employ people . 
  it 'll be a hard pill , but vw needs to be held accountable . 
  how do you envision holding anyone accountable if you ca n't sue them ? 
  none of the actors should be above the law . 
  the problem is also legal . 
  class action lawsuits are a novelty , or straight-out impossible , in most european countries , whereas they are commonplace in the us . 
  europeans tend to be rather afraid of frivolous lawsuits , but in my opinion class action is a necessary tool in industrialized nations . 
  lobbying ca n't really be banned , unless you want to scrap the right of petition altogether . 
  everyone who 's ever signed a petition technically lobbies as well . 
  you guys should vote in people who wo n't attempt to protect fraudulent companies . 
  it * really * varies across countries . 
  but indeed , from my experience , german customer service is a lady telling you `` computer says no '' . 
  it is volkwagen who is to blame . 
  they swindled their customers . 
  iceland and the uk seem to get in some quabble every decade or so . 
  france does n't have legal life in prison ? 
  how do the acquire the meds ? 
  paracetamol : the dutch solution to any and all problems . 
  what is that slump in 2015 for germany ? 
  gdp should have _ grown _ in germany in 2015 by 1.7 % . 
  by that graph , it slumped by 13 % . 
  emotional politics . 
  something about cradle of western civilization . 
  yeah , we had some pretty strong gusts in the hague this afternoon . 
  i do n't think op was referring to fn candidates with `` them '' , but rather the * voters * for fn . 
  slight difference . 
  yes , we have to . 
  lumping in economies with a 500 % difference in median income , as we do currently , is just unsustainable .
