  ah , certainly the judges ' work !, 
  every since turkey shot that russian mig down , russo-turkish relations have been strained at best . 
  this is n't going to thaw any time soon . 
  rip human rights and secularism in turkey . 
  i actually think that 's not too far fetched . 
  she put the very brexiteers who initially ran away from any responsibility in charge of leaving the eu . 
  the not-so-good-for-britain deal that will come out of it will be solely their responsibility , essentially ending their careers . 
   gmo ah , yeah , the eternal scapegoat . 
  so when bacteria are engineered to express mammalian rennet protein so you can eat your vegetarian cheese , it 's suddenly ok , but when someone produces a rice strain that produces vitamin a it is not ? 
  after watching the [ full speech ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/13/watch-theresa-mays-first-speech-as-britains-new-prime-minister-i/ ) , i must say : that was a surprisingly good speech . 
  `` some '' parts ? 
  90 % of her speech was about fighting for the small person , not for the wealthy . 
  not going to last very long , fertility rate of 2.01 is still lower than replacement ( which is at 2.1 , because not every child gets children due to various reasons ), 
  but it simply needs to be more affordable to have children . 
  what 's better ? 
  1 % extra employment but still unaffordable to have any kids , or same unemployment but at least some leeway for having children ? 
  which children ? 
  the current generation is having a much harder time raising kids than previous generations : no housing , essentially impossible rates for childcare ( $ 1200 per month ) , with too little income if only one partner works . 
  i 'm already prepared for it . 
  i know i already pay twice as much as my parents ever did , but i 'm pretty sure i 'll never see a pension of my own . 
  actually , advanced societies are much more efficient than lesser technologically advanced societies . 
  farming yields are literally 50-100x higher than what they were in the pre-industrial age . 
  the average european person sees absolutely minimal pollution compared to only a few generations ago ( think open sewers , tb and cholera outbreaks happening regularly in most cities until early 20th century ) . 
  the problem is not our technology , or our higher population density : the problem is that we 've offloaded a significant part of our consumption to societies that are not as advanced , and therefore not as efficient . 
  to sustain our economies we need to sustain our population . 
  whether we need actual growth is another matter , but a shrinking population is by no means good . 
  we can solve essentially all our sustainability problems with better tech and smarter planning . 
  the same thing happened near maastricht a few months ago . 
  few small kids died . 
  usually it 's elderly people who simply no longer notice they 're going in the wrong direction . 
  i 'm just wondering how this will legally work . 
  can the queen ( or king , if elizabeth dies by that time ) prevent scotland from seceding ? 
  you work at esa ? 
  the tallest structure in the netherlands is the [ gerbrandy tower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerbrandy_tower ) , at 366.8 m. 
  as for political leaders , would n't johan de witt simply be much better ? 
  which is traded in pounds . 
  if you correct for the value drop there , it 's still considerably down . 
  but are leave-voters actually the affected by all the problems your mentioning ? 
  they 're mostly baby boomers , a generation that has everything . 
  they do have houses , they do have pensions , they can afford to buy a car etc. 
  the young generation , who massively voted remain , is the one that 's most affected by the uk 's - or in a broader perspective , the western world 's - woes . 
  there is no `` if '' . 
  they have to . 
  that 's what you sign up for when you join the eu . 
  this would actually be a great idea . 
  username checks out . 
  many of these normal people could also have gone on the internet and checked out other sources of information than their weekend papers . 
  blame all the politicians you want , but it 's the people that voted . 
  if they are n't kept private , they should be a non-issue . 
  i 've never really understood that infatuation of the media with politician 's sex lives . 
  as if politicians are n't human beings who never have sex . 
  this is so heartbreaking to listen to . 
  i had the same experience when living in berlin for a year . 
  really taught me that cultures * are * considerably different , even across tiny distances . 
  not even netherlands . 
  german is at least very rusty for most dutch , and the number of people being able to speak french fluently is tiny . 
  and when the oil runs out , they will want to join . 
  it 's not a threat , it 's common sense . 
  if there was no good reason of staying in the eu , why would any country be in it in the first place ? 
  the eu should also send a message . 
  not retaliation per se , but a clear message that leaving is * not a good idea * . 
  this reminds me so much of wilders in the 2010 election . 
  calling the retirement age a `` red line '' in the campaign , and making a complete u-turn not even 12 hours after the polling stations closed . 
  populists = = liars . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  let 's see this from the positive side : * european cities might finally get a break from the worst possible tourist : the insanely loud , insanely rude , insanely dirty and insanely drunk brit . 
  * europe will finally be able to actually do what it needs to , and not be held hostage by bully uk . 
  no more exceptions , no more rebates , no more opt-outs . 
  * the french can finally clean up the calais jungle . 
  now the british-french border police deal is in limbo , all the migrants can happily cross the channel . 
  * this is a great day for ireland . 
  after already having a gdp per capita that 's nearly twice as high as the uk , it now remains the only english-speaking eu member . 
  its attractiveness to international business just skyrocketed . 
  yes , englishmen , the irish might rule over * you * one day . 
  months ? 
  years . 
  this is still largely unhealthy . 
  sleep has a purpose . 
  essentially it 's the trash service of the brain , and you can only miss so many trash pickup days before things start getting very stinky . 
  and the netherlands . 
  the premise in that article is n't entirely false ; the loss of the uk would feel like a big threat to our trading nation . 
  that does n't mean it was financially fit to join the euro . 
  the euro 's problems would be fixed in a single day if germany gave in to eurobonds . 
  a common monetary system needs at least some form of a common fiscal system . 
  greece just got in purely on emotion . 
  you know , the cradle of western civilization and all that stuff . 
  having grown up around the border , i * love * the euro . 
  no more three currencies in your wallet that you never really knew how much was worth ( that fluctuating belgian franc !, 
  i 'd never thought orban , of all people , would be that pro-eu !, 
  the un is a farce . 
  saudi arabia and uae are members of the un human rights council . 
  you know , countries that stone adulterers to death . 
  that japanese bordergore !, 
  probably 'll get beaten , but oh well :p . 
  do we have a bigger map somewhere ? 
  the one in the google sheet is tiny . 
  what 's left in asia ? 
  anything still left of castile ? 
  this week i 'm available !, 
  there 's this [ movement ] ( http://www.novaroma.org/nr/main_page ) for a new rome ;-) .
