  i am gay myself . 
  so statement disproved . 
  and orlando . 
  we essentially produce the vast majority of the food we consume . 
  also the food processing industry is huge over here . 
  essentially we 're sitting on the source , which makes it cheaper . 
  also , capitalism is doing its intended job : there 's very fierce competition between supermarkets . 
  currently no coins in my pocket or wallet . 
  cashless society here . 
  if so , you do n't pay enough of it . 
  you guys would probably have a heart attack if you 'd had to pay dutch car-related taxes . 
  i 'm not entirely sure whether i 'll make it tonight . 
  what the hell are they smoking in hungary ? 
  why so high for kids ? 
  under portugal ? 
  oh , god . 
  what happened ? 
  i will be absent this week . 
  someone : please take care of castile for me ;-), 
  there 's little in human history that compares to the holocaust in terms of scale and planning . 
  the entire nazi-german state apparatus was involved in the extermination campaigns . 
  everything was meticulously planned , recorded and executed . 
  that 's vastly different from your `` average '' pogrom and normal war-related butchery , since those are usually highly localized and/or expressions of mass outrage . 
  holocaust victims - primarily jews and slavs - were n't just victims of war : they were systematically hunted with the explicit goal of extinction . 
  i think you 're disregarding a very major reason why companies have dress codes : presentation . 
  i 've worked at places where any and all visible piercings - except earrings for women - and tattoos were banned , for that exact reason . 
  many professions need an aura of neutrality - think doctors , teachers etc. 
  banning all visible religious items makes sense in that regard . 
  and yes , that includes cross and david star necklaces . 
  actually , piercings do matter to employers . 
  if you want to apply to the biggest supermarket chain in nl ( albert heijn ) , piercings are not allowed , or have to be covered up through some means . 
  with the sole exception of earrings for women . 
  i do n't think he should rely on the moroccan community here . 
  the little moroccos we have are the exact places you want to avoid if gay . 
  source : am gay ;-), 
  in the netherlands the majority of technical courses are given in english . 
  then those homes are constructed in a river bed . 
  which well ... is asking for trouble . 
  by giving the river space to expand . 
  if it ca n't expand safely somewhere , it will flood in unsafe areas . 
  i hope there was no one in those cars !, 
  german government should invest a lot more money on flood protection . 
  massive floods every few years should not be the norm . 
  did n't microsoft decide to cut nearly 2000 jobs ? 
  now we 're curious ... 
   but it 's silly to say that they are violence-prone then what is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wogodroqgzw ) ? 
  what the hell happened to libya in 2005 ? 
  the source here is *alternet.org * , not exactly the most trustworthy source ever , and that is putting it mildly . 
  signed . 
  is n't that rather * logical * , then ? 
  if your not eligible for deductions , you should simply pay up . 
  which means what exactly ? 
  it still is going to hugely favor europe , as it appears most institutions will first appear in europe . 
  spain-in-formation - officially still castile - will give acte de presence ;-) . 
  you guys can deduct normal expenses from your taxable income ? 
  wtf ? 
   they will also be required to properly tag content that could be harmful to children , such as pornography , or glorified violence . 
  rules banning hate speech have additionally been extended to video sharing platforms and downloadable content . 
  so now the eu is going to decide what we can see ? 
  do n't we already have more than enough regulation for this kind of stuff ? 
  let me guess : you 're also the ones who dig themselves in on the beach ? 
  [ and here 's the modern ( 1990 - current ) equivalent ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=vinex+wijk&amp;biw=1920&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;bih=971 ), 
  i read a study somewhere that it does seem to be the case that the wealthier a society is , the more metal it produces . 
  will try to find the link . 
  probably majority of italian bands hail from former hre territories too ? 
  and you think we do have the jobs and benefits to support those people ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm getting a little fed up with the `` ooowh , do n't emburden southern europe , we have our own problems '' mentality . 
  as if northern europe doesnt have own problems as well . 
  you 're all developed countries . 
  take your responsibility , and do n't offload all problems to a few countries north of you . 
  the majority of mena immigrants will not find a job , even in `` rich '' northern europe . 
  germany is responsible for the crisis . 
  it should also pay for its costs . 
  [ working on that ] ( http://m.spiegel.de/international/zeitgeist/a-784085.html ), 
  cameron thought spending 40 million pounds was a lot of money for flood protection . 
  they need to add a few 0s more before it even comes remotely close . 
  we 're considerably [ more generous ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_giving_index ) than you 'd think ;-) . 
   the mosque is one of scores built here with saudi government money enough said . 
  cause found . 
  looking at that graph , they see even the [ lpf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pim_fortuyn_list ) as extreme right . 
  that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  pakistan : 37 liters on a population of 190 million . 
  damn . 
  well ... you have to be pretty drunk to believe in imaginary friends !, 
  you were ... notoriously absent :-( . 
  i am * not * allowing flash to run from a russian website . 
  most people in the north seem to consider the south as foreign territory that somehow uses the same laws , tho . 
  brussels used to be flemish until not so long ago , until you francophones ate it . 
  nva still wants antwerpen to be a uk protectorate ? 
  belgium , obviously . 
  most of modern day belgium joined the union of utrecht , but were ultimately lost to the habsburgs . 
  belgium and nl both have provinces and regions named brabant , limburg , and flanders . 
  and flanders and nl obviously speak the same language . 
  the definition of europe is notoriously vague . 
  geographically , eurasia is one big landmass . 
   germany [ ... ] off schedule . 
  that does n't compute , sorry :p, 
  so they are at war with whom ? 
  our stuff also does n't work , that 's the entire problem . 
  there have been so many budget cuts that the army has been cannibalizing vehicles for their spare parts .
