  i lived in berlin for a while , and at one point you start feeling this need for things from `` home '' . 
  luckily dutch diaspora does n't form communities ( even tho there 's 40,000 dutchies in berlin , there 's just one single dutch bar ) , so falling victim to the nationalist tendencies is not easy , but i can understand why it happens . 
  it does , but that 's a relatively new rule , and it does n't apply when you get both by birth . 
  because they are born here , probably third or fourth generation . 
  they are dutch citizens . 
  you ca n't deport your own citizens , dude . 
  the turks here actually all speak dutch . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is that we 've got the most pro-akp community in europe . 
  70 % of dutch turks voted for erdogan . 
  to be fair , it did n't make much of a difference anyway . 
  i 'm a big proponent of a federal europe , but i believe europe has expanded way too quickly , and it 's time european leaders would start recognizing this . 
  it 's not about being unfair , but trying to harmonize economies whose average income differs by 500 % is just not very realistic . 
  this argument is still repeated 14 years after adopting the euro here . 
  and to be fair , inflation * was * higher than the years surrounding the adoption , but it settled down quite quickly . 
  i dunno how old you are , but it 's already a matter of fact in some countries . 
  i have n't paid with cash for months , for instance . 
   the impression could arise that the non-euro countries are stuck in a sort of eu second tier or outer circle . 
  it 's not an impression . 
  that 's how the eu treaties are designed . 
  when you sign up for the eu , you sign up for the euro . 
  though there ai n't a fixed that for adoption of the euro , you will essentially be in a state of limbo for the while you do n't . 
  at war with an ideology . 
  the solution to that does n't ( necessarily ) involve bombs , but at least needs the recognition . 
  we 've gone from years , to months , to weeks , to mere days between terror attacks . 
  it 's time for the political class of europe to recognize we 're at war . 
  the greens are pretty left-wing socially too . 
  because germany is the exception to european politics . 
  you do n't have a strong liberal party , and you completely lack a progressive-liberal party . 
  most other european countries have liberal and progressive-liberal parties , most of which are n't as seen as catering only to the rich . 
  but the current electoral system sucks . 
  i have to pick a national party . 
  i 'd like there to be actual eueopean parties , with european lists . 
  you 're a bit too negative . 
  there 's several countries in mali already , not just france . 
  beautiful !, 
  that said , it would have been a pretty pointless war , being fought over two tiny uninhabited islands . 
  that still does n't preclude using a different name for a city/place than the common name used by the city 's / place 's inhabitants . 
  for instance , lille is still called rijsel in dutch , even tho there 's essentially zero dutch-speakers left there and we 're on pretty amicable terms with france . 
  actually the eu can sanction members , at least financially . 
  see spain and portugal at this very moment . 
  did you attempt to call article 5 ? 
  half of europe tried not to provoke germany . 
  yet , they invaded practically everybody who was n't a match from them militarily . 
  there 's another big problem : there 's no legal method of forcefully removing a nation from nato . 
  we could technically create a new treaty that every nato member sans turkey would sign , but that seems a very cumbersome thing . 
  from what i can read on english wikipedia , the eu stood behind greece during the imia thing . 
  is n't that a name in hindsight anyway ? 
  contemporaries would have just called the empire rome . 
  inflation has been generally much less than actual rise in the biggest cost of a household : rent/mortgage . 
  10 + % / yr in the two decades leading up to the crisis , and at least here those rates have already returned . 
  the thing is that for us rich westerners , cost of living has not decreased with the decrease in income . 
  it 's becoming harder and harder to get access to basic amenities like a roof above your head . 
  those are actually not really used for sunshade , more for sleeping in pitch blackness . 
  who thought it was a great idea to built a multi-million city in one of the hottest areas on the planet ? 
  so what do you suggest israel should be doing when there 's another barrage of rocket attacks ? 
  sit back and do nothing ? 
  and hamas * does * get stuff done . 
  who is it western governments are funding ? 
  palestinians ' life standards are not going up because hamas does n't fucking care . 
  if they did , gaza would have a functioning state apparatus , with a functioning airport and port , no blockade and trade with israel and the remainder of the western world . 
  to europeans it might be unimaginable , but to many israelis the continued occupation sounds safer than the alternative . 
  the reason is gaza . 
  israel unilaterally retreated from gaza back in 2005 . 
  before that time , there were no rocket barrages on southern israeli cities . 
  now it happens on at least weekly basis , spiking to hundreds a day during certain periods . 
  when israel retreated from gaza , a considerable fraction of settlement infrastructure was left intact . 
  what did hamas do with the roads and greenhouses ? 
  use them for the betterment of palestinian people ? 
  of course not !, 
  it instantly mothballed them , and used whatever it could for building rockets and smuggling tunnels . 
  now image this disaster - as it 's seen by a sizeable fraction of the israeli public - on the size of the west bank . 
  how many rockets per week would that be ? 
  hundreds ? 
  thousands ? 
  even more ? 
  and who shot rockets from said hospitals and schools ? 
  hamas uses schools , hospitals , un buildings and other high-impact places to shoot rockets from for exactly the collateral damage it creates . 
  there are enough open places in gaza that would n't create civilian casualties , but hamas consciously chooses to uses human shields . 
  the palestinians are very good at their pr games . 
  they know very well that western media are especially sensitive to emotional manipulation , and they make great use of that . 
  by comparison , what army drops hundreds of thousands of leaflets , calls people up before an attack , and gives a knock on the roof when that does n't work ? 
  yep , the idf . 
  it 's literally telling the enemy what it 's doing , all to prevent civilian casualties . 
  but when your enemy actually prefers as many civilian casualties as possible , that becomes really difficult . 
   we 'll get a very , very , very large trade area , much , much bigger than the european union . 
  probably 10 times the size , well i 'm not going to set liam targets , but a multiple of the size of the european union . 
  and the moment we leave , they 'll all come in . 
  this guy is delusional . 
  someone knows limburger/rommedoe ? 
  omg !, 
  the symbolism in the flag is the following , in case you 're interested : * yellow : either symbolizes wheat fields or marlstone ( southern limburg has a lot of marlstone quarries ) * blue : the river [ meuse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meuse ) * white + lion : taken from the coat of arms of the original [ duchy of limburg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchy_of_limburg ), 
  the curdling storyline . 
  in dutch , it sounds like a genocide . 
  burger = civilian . 
  thanks !, 
  any link on that ? 
  what could go wrong ? 
  ming lost the mandate of heaven . 
  i do n't think the western notion of pretender still applies then .
