  well ... 
  in expat groups it 's known as the `` dutch circle party '' and ubiquitously despised . 
  it really does seem that we are the only ones that can actually like this . 
  how is this even surprising ? 
  english is the world-wide lingua franca of academia , technology , and politics . 
  the majority of europeans can probably utter at least some half-broken sentences in english . 
  the french can dream about their language reigning supreme , but we ai n't living in the 19th century any more . 
  perhaps in a century from now we 'll all speak mandarin , but for the time being , english is simply the go-to language . 
  not entirely sure if the roman empire was a failure . 
  it lasted for a good 500 years , the eastern part only caving in after 1500 years . 
  no political structure will have eternal life . 
  britain wo n't , the us wo n't , europe wo n't . 
  what matters is what 's best for the foreseeable future ( i.e. 
  up to a century from now or so ) , not if it 'll survive the test of time for longer than anything else . 
  really ... most disappointing winner in years . 
  the early 2000s are back ? 
  because the artists do n't actually hold the rights , in many cases . 
  the labels have , and those are represented by gema in germany . 
  since gema still does not have a deal with google - it simply asks for an insane price - those videos can not be shown . 
  of course air pollution in maastricht , with the freeway running directly through the middle of city , and it being in a valley - thus the industrial pollution from nearby wallonia will sort of accumulate . 
  the former is being fixed tho : the a2 tunnel should open next year . 
  i wonder if there are any other male full-frontal nude coins in the world . 
  if they had spent the same amount to money on actually solving the eurocrisis back in 2009 , europe would have had one crisis less . 
  this , however ... 
  tel aviv is . 
  jerusalem , not so much . 
  do you have a link for that ? 
  any country that has a channel which is a member of the european broadcasting union can participate . 
  countries do n't actually have to be in europe to become a member of the ebu . 
  for instance , morocco , lebanon and jordan are all members . 
  they do not participate , tho , because then they have to show the israeli song as well . 
  because the cost of labor - up to 60 % of company costs can be labor - is probably also much lower . 
  selling for 50c might result in the exact same amount of profit . 
  you might want to check [ this ] ( https://opensignal.com/blog/2016/02/23/ranking-european-4g-cities-by-speed/ ) . 
  as you can see , regional differences across the eu are large . 
  netherlands tops the charts , while germany is at the very bottom of the list . 
  internet in germany is bad , very bad . 
  source : lived in germany for a year . 
  glad i 'm back in nl : internet here is an order of magnitude cheaper and faster . 
  we have fast internet compared to the states , though the larger nations ( looking at you , germany ) tend to be worse off for some reason . 
  ermmm . . nl is nearly always in the top 3 of any list ... 
  i do n't think we 're very east . 
  even if greece had the stupidest of governments for decades , that still does n't mean at least part of the debt should be waived . 
  it 's simple math ; new loans ca n't truly fix the problem . 
  at most they can alleviate the * interest * burden , but not the * debt * burden . 
  i understand that admitting this was political suicide for europe in 2010 , with the risk of contagion , but that has become less relevant in 2016 . 
  at this moment , germany et al are just being [ holzk\u00f6pfe ] ( http://en.bab.la/dictionary/german-english/holzkopf ) . 
  investing means taking a risk , for any party involved . 
  we - northern europeans - invested in greece . 
  that investment has turned sour , and that simply means swallowing the pill . 
  it 's not like europe has n't done things like this before . 
  after the german government had n't just been stupid , but had in fact engaged in several genocides and instigated a war that would ultimately cost 50 million lives , europe also waived that debt . 
  a debt which was far greater than the comparably tiny amount greece has . 
  our government breaks its promises a lot anyway . 
  it 's a bit of an oxymoron at this point . 
  that said , in this case the government * should * break its promise . 
  it 's beyond politics at this point ; it 's simple math . 
  turkey is fast on its way to becoming a dictatorship . 
  of course , only a dutch guy could tell you this . 
  us and our weird obsession with turning our country into a war zone every year . 
  whoops , sorry !, 
   i have never understood the persons who use it towards their grandparents . 
  i use the formal with my grandparents . 
  it would just feel very unnatural to not do so . 
  it 's so ingrained , it 'd be like suddenly having to use a different name for your siblings . 
  so it 's mostly just out of habit . 
  meanwhile , i do n't understand those people who refer to their parents with their actual names in stead of just `` mom/dad '' . 
  it used to be called new holland . 
  hey , that 's in maastricht !, 
  i think we 've found the location of mordor . 
  india has an economy significantly smaller than japan . 
   for at least 80 % of people who use word in the domestic environment , yes . 
  in a corporate environment , hell no . 
  have you ever worked with them in a corporate setting ? 
  then you know should know how sub-par they are . 
   for such ubiquitous things as documents , open document format is a much better alternative than the proprietary docx the format may be , however , the libre implementations are still of lower quality . 
  i use linux in both corporate and domestic environments , but i still find myself booting into a windows vm every now and then to open word . 
   mixed-race mixed-religion , not mixed-race . 
  `` april '' in limburgs , while written identical to dutch , is pronounced somewhat differently . 
  the `` i '' is nasal ( ipa : \u025b\u0303 , like in french `` vin '' ), 
  refugees are not the only type of immigrant . 
  definitely not for the ordinary taxpayer . 
  quite the reverse . 
  yay 52 % tax rate !, 
  gdp per capita ! = average income . 
  average joe wage in nl is about [ 35k ] ( http://www.gemiddeld-inkomen.nl/modaal-inkomen/ ) , and average income about 23k . 
  you are very welcome to have my tax rate . 
  the only experience i have with taxis in asia is in japan . 
  and , while being pretty expensive , they were always decent . 
  we 've had a taxi war in the netherlands in the early 2000s . 
   i do n't have to carry any cash around , so it 's a lot more convenient . 
  it 's a long time ago i took a taxi that did n't have a card reader . 
  good . 
   probably nobody would say no to an additional holiday i would n't bet on that . 
  every now then there 's a debate here whether we should get rid of the little amount of holidays we still have ( and especially whether may 5 should be a holiday without work or not ) . 
  does he have help ? 
   is the only one who can declare war against other country parliament does not have these powers ? 
  first time i 've ever heard him speak english . 
  does the president have actual power in portugal or is he just a figurehead ? 
  looks like our incident definitely was measurable there .
