  incorporate as a limited liability company in that case . 
  if the company goes under , you are not legally liable for debts held by the company . 
  unless you did some criminally creative accounting . 
  we 're talking about totally unskilled work . 
  for other jobs , i 'd agree with you , but cashiering ( etc ) is something anyone can learn on a grey afternoon . 
  apprenticeships and degrees and all that is absolutely overkill and overqualifying nonsense for this type of job . 
  i know that 's a cultural thing . 
  back home ( netherlands ) retail jobs are for teenagers or students , and no one ever requires anything in the form of documents , except for probably a thing from the department of justice that says you have n't been involved in any crimes . 
  as for the firing thing : everyone with those kinds of jobs in the netherlands is on a so-called zero-hour contract . 
  employees get paid for the hours they work , but the employer is not required to provide any minimum working hours . 
  so if the employer does n't like employee x anymore , they 'll just not schedule employee x anymore . 
  which is still ridiculous . 
  really . 
  an * apprenticeship * for cashiering ?!, 
  that 's totally unskilled work . 
  just hire folks . 
  if they do n't do their jobs after a while , just fire them . 
  write a business plan ( a proper one !, 
  ) , talk to banks in your area , the government might have a credit fund for young starters , go crowd sourcing etc. 
  getting credit is not as easy as it used to be , but if you never try you 'll never get anything . 
  that 's also because of the ridiculous standards in germany . 
  i 've seen job openings for cashiers at a german aldi where they asked for a degree in cashiering . 
  a degree ? 
  lol !, 
  i learned all the ins and outs of being a cashier in half a day when i was 16 . 
  that 's a pretty german concept , tbh . 
  i 've found most vacancies to be completely bollocks when it comes down to experience demands . 
  you can usually easily slap off 2-3 years from the demands to get what they are actually looking for . 
  i sincerely hope this is not the very first message detected by alien life forms . 
  yeah , you 're simply too expensive for most european tourists these days . 
  i have a pretty decent income , but i ca n't afford switzerland for anything more than a few days . 
  it 's a shame , because it 's a beautiful country , but without the franc dropping it 'll be off my visit list for the foreseeable future . 
  there are * always * going to be companies that fail and go bankrupt , even in the best of times . 
  that does n't mean the economy as a whole ca n't be doing great . 
  fine . 
  that would be the dutch . 
  first publicly traded company ? 
  the voc . 
  first stock exchange ? 
  the amsterdam stock exchange . 
  first financial bubble ? 
  the tulip mania . 
  and so on . 
  we are pretty satisfied with our 0.6 % growth on quarterly basis , which translated to 2.3 % year-on-year . 
  but agreed , that 's twice the eu average . 
   and what happens if the power goes out last time i witnessed a power outage was 11 years ago , and that lasted for just 45 minutes . 
  and as for extremely heavy rain : rotterdam is building subterranean caverns to essentially temporarily dump rainwater when the flow is too heavy for the normal system to handle . 
  about the money issue : we spend several billion euros a year on flood protection , have special taxes and [ government levels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_board_ ( netherlands \\ ) ) for water management . 
  no one would even notice a few million euros more , let alone there 's a big taboo on protesting against any flood protection anyway . 
  ever driven through belgium ? 
  super-suspension required . 
   unless you do n't mind having to constantly pump out the water which is what we do all the time anyway ( this is how we keep dry in the first place ! ) . 
  underground garages are extremely common . 
  essentially the entire city center of the hague is one big underground car park , for instance . 
  there already are . 
  if i look out on my street , there 's several already . 
  just in this street . 
  or just recognize that every city which has been around for more than a few centuries will have had its slump times . 
   you have the impression that for long stretches of time , rome was irrelevant . 
  that 's actually what happened . 
  but after 3 thousand years , the city 's still there . 
  would n't be surprised if it 's still there in year 6000 . 
  if we go for cities that really breathe `` holland '' , but do n't have the touristy trap things , i 'd go for dordrecht . 
  lovely city , canals everywhere , but no hordes of tourists , and if you want to have big-city stuff you can be in rotterdam in 10 minutes . 
  den haag as typical dutch ? 
  do n't make me laugh ; that 's either hagistan south and west of the center , or filthily rich north and east of the center . 
  and the center itself is absolutely tiny for a city its size . 
  source : live there . 
  i actually really liked rome . 
  it 's busy and crowded , but it 's not as stifingly touristic as e.g. 
  paris and barcelona . 
  i 'm starting to get a little fed up with wikileaks . 
  their first leaks were interesting , but lately they 've evolved into putin 's lapdog while simultaneously spewing antisemitic nonsense . 
  assange 's lost it , and i 'd highly doubt his next leak ( s ) . 
  then what are all these ngos doing in all our national and eu parliaments ? 
  not lobbying ? 
  any two countries or blocks will at one point have differing opinions . 
  that does n't mean relationships are no longer amicable . 
  not here . 
  i can refer to myself as english in english . 
  that does n't make it any less false . 
  no , the reason why we have the crisis is that no one dares to even call their ideas idiotic . 
  but banning idiotic ideas ? 
  when has that ever gotten us further ? 
  a cultural battle is n't about banning stuff - that only works to further ostracize the target group - it 's about attacking other ideas with reason and critique . 
  because we 're above that . 
  entire point of the enlightenment . 
  the moment we let go of that , what 's left of our actual values ? 
  that 's not a reason to ban something . 
  next you 're going to ban differing opinions ? 
  you gave asylum to a british guy ? 
  on what grounds ? 
  whoever writes these articles should win an award !, 
  i had a good laugh !, 
  i really wonder what the grindr usage in vatican city is like . 
  i see them regularly at the local swimming pool . 
  they are ugly , but i do n't really see why anyone would ban them . 
  it 's actually part of a natural ecology . 
  in fact , human intervention often causes tree density to rise ( by preventing the smaller fires ) , which then leads to bigger and more massive fires once it breaks out . 
  not entirely sure about arabic , but if it 's any similar to hebrew ( another semitic language ) , all nouns have a gender .
