  you 're always seeing the lower leg of an s-curve . 
  yes , only sandwiches . 
  anything else is barbarian :p . 
   go home to eat and come back in an hour this is so weird from a dutch perspective . 
  that 'd be tantamount to taking a day off here . 
  lunch here is half an hour ( might or might not be paid ; usually not ) , and is done nearly exclusively on the company premises . 
  so an average day is : 9:00 to 12:00 work , 12:00 to 12:30 lunch . 
  12:30 to 17:30 work . 
  18:00 dinner at home . 
  a child actually does n't breath until birth . 
  what plant is this ? 
  never seen it . 
  this is the best format . 
  it 's so much easier to order things on year , then month and then day . 
  it looks too well planned to me to be simple revenge . 
  10 million would be disastrous for our generation , and those of our kids . 
  we already have a massive aging problem ( you are probably paying twice , and ultimately receiving half , of what your parents ever did ) . 
  rejoin the united provinces , you mean !, 
  this is not just in the uk , but so many people in europe abuse the word ` zionism ' to actually participate in blatant antisemitism . 
  i guess most of those people do n't even actually know what zionism * means * . 
  if he would be killed , he 'd immediately become a martyr in the eyes of many muslims . 
  solitary confinement for decades is a potentially much larger humiliation for these folks than death is . 
  they got him !, 
  finally !, 
  and alive is even better ; now he ca n't become a martyr . 
  nah , the franks actually became the french . 
  as i understand it , the conflict here is like european americans claiming to be native americans or something . 
  this is fun . 
  netherlands : former hapsburg dependency of the low lands . 
  belgium : second former hapsburg dependency of the low lands . 
  eurovision has nothing to do with geographical borders . 
  any nation can participate , as long as any of its broadcasters is a member of the european broadcasting union . 
  as such , even morroco and lebanon can theoretically participate . 
  lebanon nearly did in 2005 , but pulled back because lebanese law does not allow one to recognize israel . 
  no offense , but is n't it also a simple fact that names can eventually refer to other places over time . 
  modern limburg actually contains just a tiny sliver of the actual duchy of limburg . 
  yet , there 's no germans who feel like we 're using a name that 's `` theirs '' or something . 
  did you make that account just for this purpose ? 
  we 've never really experienced hurricane winds . 
  that 's beaufort 12 + . 
  gusts that reach hurricane winds are possible in european wind storms affecting belgium and the netherlands , but sustained hurricane speed winds are not . 
  it literally means `` something-ist '', 
  you can see a shift here happening from theists --  something-ists --  agnostics --  atheists . 
  in the netherlands , being catholic is usually just a thing you are because of tradition , not because one is really religious . 
  dutch catholicism = drinking beer after church with the local priest . 
  did i say i was going to vote no ? 
  nope . 
  have n't made up my mind yet . 
  but i do think it 's important to realize that this treaty has far-reaching consequences the yes-camp tends to discount . 
  and that 's why i support the referendum . 
  whether you agree with the euromaidan movement or not , it 's a simple fact that it stands at the beginning of the current war . 
  that 's not even an argument - it 's a simple fact . 
  sure , we can all agree that russia is the psychopath here , but that does n't change the * simple fact * that the eu now has an association treaty with a country that 's at war with a megalomaniacal former super-power aspiring to regain its lost status . 
  i 'm actually one of those who signed the petition which started this referendum . 
  to those who say it 's a minor subject : it is n't . 
  the association treaty is the direct cause for the current civil war in the ukraine . 
  said war has lead to the death of 298 innocent plane passengers ( an event that was relatively larger than 9/11 , if we go by deaths per capita ) , and which now posits the west vs russia in a possible second cold war . 
  to say this is a `` minor subject '' would be really naive . 
  as someone who 's always believed in direct democracy , i therefore believe a referendum would be warranted . 
  that said , i have n't made my mind up as for * what * to vote . 
  besides that , dutch law does make it difficult to have a proper referendum . 
  we only got legal referenda since the summer of last year , and in the current law they can still * only * take place * after * a law has already passed parliament . 
  interest rate . 
  many dutch local governments had accounts at the icelandic icesave , not because of tax evasion , but because interest rates were 1-2 % higher than in the netherlands . 
  what * wo n't * you guys block ? 
  what * wo n't * you guys block ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.oeverzaaijer.nl/upload/pics/den_haag_ministerie-van-sociale-zaken-1550.jpg ) monstrosity housed the ministry of social affairs . 
  what the f ? 
  a military bunker is more aesthetically pleasing . 
  the problem with raw concrete is that it starts accumulating green algae super quickly . 
  a year or so , and it 's done . 
  brick buildings last for far longer in those terms . 
  those churches actually look quite nice . 
  how difficult can it be to simply replace the scaffolding ? 
  is n't it collapsing , tho ? 
  i really wish google had chosen for a different voice . 
  she really sounds like one of these hyper-arrogant gooi-girls . 
  wtf ? 
  us southerners also have the soft g ;-), 
  ` germany rejects this ' , ` germany rejects that ' , ` germany rejects so and so ' . 
  time and again . 
  given that there 's a dutch name for it - kales - it must have been at least quite close to the historically flemish-speaking areas of france , if not outright in it . 
  the problem is that the immigrant languages are not as localized , which makes placing it on maps difficult . 
  especially in the netherlands , immigrant `` spread '' is quite established ( quite different from french-style banlieus ) . 
  this means many immigrants actually catch the local accents . 
  moroccan guys with thick limburgish accents , and surinamese folks speaking frisian : it exists . 
  back to the republic of the united netherlands . 
  as it should be !, 
  coal releases more radioactivity than a nuclear plant does . 
  your german paranoia with nuclear energy is just absurd and unscientific . 
  as a dutchman with belgian blood , can we please re-unite already ? 
  independence for limburg !, 
  we should finally get rid of you wealth-grabbing hollanders . 
  any english translation ? 
  beautiful !, 
  any link on this ? 
  i ca n't find anything on wiki . 
  you guys should really stop dubbing shows and movies . 
  it 's beyond frustrating . 
  and it just sounds so terribly , terribly wrong .
