  ... shooting down civilian airliners , then try to put the blame in someone 's else shoes . 
  obama is going out of office in like a few weeks . 
  the status of the caribbean part of the netherlands within the eu is [ complicated ] ( http://www.europeesparlement.nl/nl/europa_jij/caribbean.html ) . 
  they are n't nominally part of the eu , but residents of the islands * are * eu citizens with all rights attached to this . 
  the islands get all the perks of being in the eu , but none of the downsides . 
  so if venezuela were to attack the islands they would be attacking eu citizens . 
  why are n't they expanding production ? 
   ocde oecd ? 
  are those parents trying to continue a particular stereotype ? 
  i 'd be * very * careful with words like these . 
  thing is ... you americans force us to abandon them , because they do n't always fit in the american narrative . 
  christ . 
  i did n't know they were this bad . 
  did n't think i could get shocked anymore by anti-gay hate speech , but that 1993 line did it for me . 
  calling for eugenics + genocide , holy crap . 
  any actual sources for each of those ? 
  still have difficulty believing they * actually * said this . 
  do they hate the continent that much ? 
  rupert murdoch, 
  and you know this because ... ? 
  that 's not exactly how a lot of food stuff works . 
  stuff is often _ licensed _ to use a well-known brand name , but it 's often produced locally . 
  the licensee can make changes to the product , if permitted . 
  some of these changes * are * reflections of tastes , some are just economical . 
  for instance , fanta produced and sold in netherlands is considerably lighter in color than e.g. 
  german or spanish fanta . 
  why ? 
  because the dark orange types are considered too artificial here . 
  another example is coca cola in europe and the us . 
  in europe , it 's typically made with sugar . 
  in the us nearly exclusively with corn syrup . 
  that 's purely economical . 
  the article has some numbers , but that does n't mean it actually says anything . 
  7 % difference in fish content might sound like a lot , but what was the sample size of both groups , what was the standard deviation etc ? 
  if very small sample size and/or high stdev it might just all be a fluke . 
  yeah , it just means the non-native speakers are n't actually fluent enough . 
  being fluent in a language also requires getting to know the cultural aspects involved . 
  what ? 
  i do n't think this would be legal under our privacy rules . 
  probably even unconstitutional . 
  here in nl it has been running on the news , but not exactly headlining . 
  currently media seems obsessed with some protests in morocco over the death of a fish salesman tho . 
  we consume in insane amount of dairy products tho , definitely high in fat and of animal origin . 
  then please explain the netherlands ? 
  our wine and olive ( oil ) consumption is much much lower . 
  i 'm more inclined to buy south african wine , actually . 
  i like the fact that i can buy wine with a label in my own language ( and afrikaans nearly always sounds cute ) . 
  but yeah , apart from that , i 'm not sure what the ` benefits ' even are . 
  finally a subject i agree with with merkel . 
  netherlands merged with denmark ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm guessing these were cruise missiles , not ballistic missiles . 
  it seems to be quite popular with kids these days . 
  the young parents in my fb all seem to be doing something for their kids for halloween . 
  in a small area of the country [ sint maarten ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/sint-maarten_\\ ( feest \\ ) ) is still celebrated on november 11 . 
  it 's quite similar to halloween without the scary bits : kids with home-made lanterns walking by the doors to ask for candy . 
  tbh , i think over-education is actually part of the problem . 
  we now live in age where - at least in the most developed nations - nearly everyone has some tertiary degree . 
  that makes diplomas increasingly worthless : what is your paper worth when there 's millions of people having the same thing ? 
  vacancies now come with absolute batshit crazy requirements lists . 
  all that education costs a * lot * of money and time . 
  it 's the scourge of the millenial : the highest educated generation in human history , yet its standard of living is lower than that of their parents . 
  all in all , it 's the law of diminishing returns in full action ; we 're near the limit where more investment in education might actually be harmful in stead of useful . 
  fox now has all football airing rights in the netherlands ; it 's only a matter of time before murdoch will start attempting to influence opinion here as well . 
  thanks for that graph . 
  this . 
  and he 's an antisemite too . 
  i know several dutch friends who are at least contemplating the possibility of moving back since the referendum . 
  i do n't understand it either , and there has been some anti-polish sentiment here in nl as well . 
  like . . nearly * all * poles that come here are employed ; unemployment among dutch poles is literally the just a fraction of that among the `` native '' population . 
  they 're one of the most hardworking people out there , often working for jobs the `` natives '' no longer want to do . 
  if anything , you want to * keep * those people . 
  they keep our flower and greenhouse sector alive . 
  they pay taxes and whatnot , and therefore contribute to society . 
  quite some countries require you to get rid of your other nationality among taking a new nationality . 
  i 'm not sure if the uk is one of those , but if so op could loose his polish and therefore eu citizenship upon taking the british one . 
  is `` gari '' related to french `` gare '' or is that just a coincidence ? 
  what 's the hello kitty doing there ? 
  what about regular crime stories that somehow involve several borders ? 
  ` people forced to buy cocaine across belgian-dutch border ' or ` man murdered in amsterdam and police seeks polish acquaintances ' . 
  trying to get into prison by vandalizing a picture of the queen ? 
  lol !, 
  not that that means anything . 
  saudi arabia got re-elected . 
  the farce that is unhrc continues . 
  limburg has the best of both !, 
  belgian-style cuisine and roads that are fixed !, 
  you are confusing a presidential system with a district system . 
  they can co-occur at the same time , like in the us , but they do n't have to . 
  fptp district systems like the us will always favor two-party systems because winning * any * district entails being the largest ; therefore smaller parties will see a huge incentive to merge . 
  hence why the democratic and republican parties are so diverse ; they are n't the same ideological parties we are used to in europe . 
  proportional systems , on the other hand , will usually fracture into a many-party system . 
  this is the norm in most of europe . 
  now a presidential system can be either of these , or a mixture of both . 
  france and germany have a mixture of proportional and district , for instance . 
  a presidential system that is completely proportional and * very * multi-party is the israeli system for instance . 
  everything is harmful , given the right dose . 
  the question is whether it is harmful at doses people are typically exposed to . 
   exposure to dihydrogenoxide can lead to personality disorders , brachycardia , shortness of breath , cerebral edema and ultimately death . 
  it furthermore plays an important role in all cancers .
