  it seems to me that it 's about traffic offenses . 
  and i 'd be surprised if germany already does n't have something that allows it to remove a license from someone . 
  if you drive 50 km/h too fast in nl , you will automatically loose your driver 's license . 
  or drunk driving ( which is a criminal offense , not just a traffic offense ) . 
  in most restaurants , the kitchen closes at 10 . 
  that a hotel closes its kitchen somewhat earlier does n't surprise me . 
  because northern europe eats a * lot * earlier than southern europe . 
  a traditional dinner would be at 6pm here . 
  when kids are involved , it would be at 5pm . 
  there 's nothing ideological about it . 
  in my subject - biology - there are 0 paid internships . 
  zero . 
  spend several years of your life working for zero pay , just to get experience . 
  nothing new under the sun . 
  all my internships were completely unpaid . 
  i barely know anyone who ever had a paid internship . 
  rent a boat on the [ biesbosch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/de_biesbosch ) !, 
  the ecb ca n't do much more anymore . 
  it 's a failure of the entire economic system . 
  billions upon billions are pumped into the financial system every month with these very low interest rates . 
  yet , banks are evidently still not lending and companies and individuals are still not borrowing enough . 
   we are also the only ones so far that moved in such large numbers to another country/continent . 
  the history of your own birth nation has something to teach you then . 
  we saw 70,000 hugenot immigrants in the 17th century ( a pretty large stream , when we only had 1-2 million inhabitants in total ) . 
  during the same time , we saw several tens of thousands of jewish refugees ( primarily from portugal ) . 
  in more recent times : what about the several hundred thousand indonesian , surinamese and antillean immigrants ? 
  muslims are really not the only or first large-scale group of immigrants to this country . 
  christianity did its share , true , but it ( and a large part of judaism ) experienced one very important thing the muslim world did not : the reformation and subsequent enlightenment . 
  those events have changed western thinking tremendously over the past 500 years . 
  its tl ; dr is : local government wants to ban said mosque , considered the `` jihadist hotspot '' in germany . 
  the goal of raid was to find evidence to legally justify a ban . 
  apart from the mosque , they raided 8 other houses . 
  local opposition parties welcome the raid , but find the government acted way too late . 
  average breakfast ( and lunch , because they 're the same ) as a kid : a glass of milk , a glass of orange juice , and two sandwiches with cheese ( on dark yet airy bread ), 
  we 're the only country that plays korfbal , so it 's easy to be the world champion ;-), 
  see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_mother_teresa ) for a start . 
  quoting herself :  i think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot , to share it with the passion of christ . 
  i think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor people, 
  nothing . 
  he involved politicians in the production of the show , so the ministry of defence had some time to take measures before it got aired . 
  there have been 4 attacks in one week . 
  says enough , does n't it ? 
  mother theresa was a death cultists . 
  she admired suffering . 
  her `` hospitals '' were devoid of health care , and even basic pain management . 
  oh , fuck that shit . 
  i 'd hoped we 'd finally get rid of all those exceptions and concessions . 
  seems europe is taken hostage * again * . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/dmalttefunu?t=2m16s ) the entire show . 
  only in dutch tho . 
  i said `` some small things '' . 
  do n't even get me started about politics , i could go on for hours . 
  but in case you want a `` big thing '' that can be summarized in a single sentence : attitude towards freedom and liberty . 
  it 's stifling in de . 
  i do n't know about that actually . 
  i was referring to a thing earlier this year where this tv personality ( journalist is too big of a word ) managed to get inside an army base by basically tailgating the previous car . 
  once in , he managed to steal an armored truck and drive it around town . 
   underwater rugby that 's called waterpolo . 
  [ did n't have space for the okinawan islands ] ( http://imgur.com/pydcbev ), 
  some small things : * the temperature considered comfortable in winter . 
  heater 's at 20c in nl , 25c in de . 
  * size of drinks . 
  0.25-0 .3 l in nl , 0.5 + l in de . 
  * server attitude in restaurants/bars . 
  de still feels rude ; no friendly small talk as expected in nl . 
  * dutch culture is much more sensitive to marketing and labeling . 
  as a result , german product packages and labels feel horribly outdated from a dutch perspective . 
  * otoh , german culture seems obsessed with quality `` marks '' ( like ... every package of ham says it 's `` tested super-quality '' or sth :p ) * architectural preferences . 
  germans seem to like former industrial wastelands . 
  everything in nl needs to be modern and shiny . 
  * hairstyles . 
  oh god , the hairstyles . 
  nl young males have this infatuation with liters of hair gel , which ( thankfully ) does n't exist in de . 
  * use of diminutives in language . 
  extremely common in nl , effectively absent in de . 
  * yes , germans are more strict when it comes down to rules . 
  * many of my german friends seem to see police officers as this necessary evil , while for me the tagline `` the police is your friend '' still feels true . 
  * less visible , but no less real : attitudes towards achievements of others . 
  german culture is a lot more chillier - i 've never heard someone say `` awesome !, 
  go for it !, 
  '' , while that 's quite common in nl . 
  probably has to do with nl in general being somewhat more anglo-saxon in this . 
  so we should call this the gladwell effect ? 
   even when it turns out it is childishly easy to get on an army base without showing any documentation whatsoever , we 're lucky it 's only 10 guns a year . 
   also , german culture and dutch culture are basically kin brothers . 
  do n't make this assumption when moving abroad . 
  it sure as hell is less than e.g. 
  saudi arabia vs germany , but there 's culture differences in many more occasions than you 'd think . 
  you 're touching on the right subject , but taking corners a bit too rough . 
  i live in one of these `` ghettos '' . 
  most of the buildings here were stomped out of the ground in the early 50s . 
  that 's before any of the guest workers arrived . 
  the problems only started happening in the 70s and 80s , when the cities started emptying in favor of the suburbs . 
  prices plummeted in cities - apart from the historic centers - and in moved the poor migrants . 
  the problems are , imho , exacerbated by the fact there has been effectively zero social housing construction in the last 25 years . 
  only above a certain income , you can escape the `` ghetto '' and live in a suburb . 
  we need to stop building districts that are only for one income class . 
  new ( or redeveloped ) districts need a mixture of both social housing and middle - and upper-class housing . 
  how was this guy not prosecuted ? 
   people become very nationalistic when living outside the country in many occasions i can attest to this , out of personal experience .
