  in nederland weurt zie daan auch es zoedaneg [ erkint ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/limburgs#status ) ; in ' t b\u00e8lsj is dat evels wel aanders . 
  vr\u00e4\u00f6gske ; sjreif men in ' t frans taole neet m\u00e8t 'n hoofl\u00e8tter ? 
  de pruuse liere evels gein nederlands . 
  still greek to me . 
  what do these groups represent ? 
  why are they fighting ? 
  in english ? 
  that 's greek to me . 
  what kind of gangs are we talking about ? 
  drug-related , i assume ? 
   and technology can only improve percentages so much modern european yields are up to 50 times higher than they were in medieval times ( = subsistence farming ) . 
  a lot of african soil and climate is n't exactly optimal , agreed , but modern tech can definitely increase yields by several fold without having to create a single square meter of extra farmground . 
   they work the longest hours in europe they do , but their * productivity * is one of the lowest . 
   portugal was a world power once nl was one too once . 
  every power will come and wane . 
  the late dutch republic was n't exactly the shining beacon of progress the early dutch republic had been . 
  what * was * different tho was that the portuguese empire 's economy was mostly based on mercantilism ; taking wealth in stead of producing it . 
  the dutch republic ( at least the early one ) relied primarily on trade and sort of single-handedly invented modern capitalism , so we had something to fall back to when the riches of the colonies were lost , we had something to fall back to . 
  lastly , even though we did n't industrialize as early as modern-day belgium , we did industrialize ( much ) earlier than portugal . 
   heineken , ahold , philips , tomtom , unilever , randstad . 
  all but two of these are companies from the industrial revolution era . 
  portugal did n't industrialize until much later , and perhaps therein lies part of the problem . 
  africa does n't need `` less people '' . 
  population densities in africa are still quite a notch lower than in europe . 
  what it needs is better management . 
  it needs stable countries and economies that can put their energy into increasing agricultural production ( a lot of african ag is still subsistence farming which is ridiculously inefficient ) and creating a secondary and tertiary sector . 
  free day dare , our economies not relying that much on * everyone * having a university degree ( therefore giving 25 year olds the time to raise kids again ) , pension schemes that do n't massively favor the elderly , and subsidized apartments/houses ( like the * premiewoningen * in the 80s ) . 
  i think even a large part of the current levels of youth unemployment are caused by too many of us having university degrees . 
  people are often not willing to accept the fact that the number of high-skilled jobs or positions in any society is simply limited . 
  our societies have tried to push everyone into high skill jobs by giving everyone a university degree , but that does n't mean we suddenly got that many extra highly-skilled jobs . 
  the only thing that led to is complete overqualification ; lowly-skilled or even unskilled jobs that require university degrees . 
  and for the highly-skilled jobs , employers will now look at * other * things . 
  because what is a university degree worth when * everyone * has one ? 
  not much . 
  exactly . 
  we have a low rate of female work participation because it is so darn * expensive * to put children in day care ( 1200-1500 $ / month . 
  aka an entire salary ) . 
  once that cost significantly tanks , or becomes free of charge entirely , i think many more of my generation would have children . 
  while i agree they are less than moral organizations , they * do * have a lot of influence . 
  bond yields are directly affected by this . 
  i do n't know how much the turkish budget is funded by loans , but if this is a lot , it can became a problem for turkey real soon . 
  because a ) `` big brother '' is a reference to george orwell 's 1984 , which definitely was written in english and b ) essentially all names for shows are in english here . 
  another dutch tv show export product : the voice . 
  in case you still have difficulty believing not all popular tv shows originate in the us , see [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_brother_ ( franchise ) ) and [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_voice_ ( tv_series ) ), 
  because elections in europe are somehow irrelevant to / r/europe simply because the us * also * has upcoming elections ? 
  right : / owh , and big brother was originally a dutch show . 
  you americans are the ones who imitated ( read : bought ) it . 
  thanks :-) . 
  it is all produced in the netherlands . 
  it just ai n't legal to do so in any large quantities . 
  i think about one in ten houses or so houses an illegal marijuana `` plantation '' . 
  it 's pretty dangerous as these things can catch fire ridiculously fast . 
  the most important benefit of this is that it would take marijuana in production out of the criminal sphere . 
  as it is right now , marijuana is invariably cultivated in shady places , with high risks for fire and that kind of stuff . 
  not to mention the organized crime rings . 
  having legalized production would mean that production can move out of homes and sheds , and in to actual factories/greenhouses with safety precautions and whatnot . 
  jews perform circumcisions when the child is under 7 days old . 
  while it sure hurts , i do n't think anyone can remember that later in life . 
  can you explain the differences between the two planes to a complete lay person ? 
  i would hope that someone charged with stealing something does n't only have to pay back the price of the item , but also some kind of fine/extra charge . 
  so more than 4000 nzd is probably what 's he 's gon na have to pay . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how did they get there ? 
  this is a statistical thing . 
  if you were to have a diagnostic test that gives the correct result in 99.9 % of cases , but it 's for a condition that occurs in only 0.01 % of people , you 'll still mostly find false positives if you were to screen the general population . 
  this effect is why diagnosing rare diseases is difficult , and why you 'll usually go through a series of tests ( each test filters out a certain group , and makes the incidence of the test-population higher in subsequent tests ) now , breast cancer incidence rates are much higher than 0.01 % , and therefore said effect on false positive rates is much smaller . 
  poor kids . 
  this is pretty weird from a dutch perspective , where everyone seems to be thrilled about the wolf finally returning to our country . 
  your ecosystem was probably pretty different before the wolf became locally extinct . 
  ticks can * kill * ? 
  as a citizen of the founding nations , i 'd say : no , thank you . 
  the eu already made fairly disastrous mistakes in having countries join that have extremely disjoint economies . 
  the difference in average income between romania and the netherlands ? 
  there is no way un - or lowly-skilled western europeans can even attempt to compete with workers who are used to just 20 % of their income . 
  considering the only countries still wanting to join the eu are all developing nations , it can only further worsen the economic disparities within the union . 
  so sorry , bosnians , nothing against you personally , but there should also be something in it for us richer members . 
  and as it stands , there is none . 
  that is n't exactly rhetoric . 
  many europeans would shiver at the thought of having 80 million extra muslims in the eu . 
  and , considering the history europe has with fighting muslims , can you really blame them ? 
  it used to be more popular . 
  these days , it 's exceedingly rare . 
  i have n't seen a single hitchhiker in about a decade . 
  even that is not as extreme as it is in the us . 
  as a middle class person , you can walk in an upscale neighborhood without any one batting an eye , and vice versa . 
  wo n't happen that much in the us . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i think it makes more sense when one applies the label of anglo-saxon model to the united states . 
  us cities are very clearly divided among racial/ethnic lines . 
  western europe in general has that form of segregation to a much smaller extent . 
  though france is coming close with its banlieues . 
  the us by and large is n't the melting pot it wants to be . 
  ever looked on an ethnic map of a random us city ? 
  it 'll be painfully clear what areas are exclusively white , what areas are exclusively black , what areas are exclusively asian and what areas are exclusively latino . 
  the us is a salad bowl , but not a melting pot . 
  dutch also seems wrong . 
  the average person went up ~ $ 60/month in 2016 just because of a small tax cut . 
  actually , no matter what one thinks about the afd , that 's rather marvelous . 
  a party that manages to get those who usually do n't vote interested in politics ? 
  that 's democracy doing its job .
