  over 3500 deaths per year in the us can directly be attributed to dihydrogenoxide exposure wan na ban water too ? 
  exposure does n't mean shit . 
  literally everything can and will be linked to cancer at some high dose . 
  it 's the dose that matters , and how likely one is to reach that dose . 
  thing is ... 
  there is a variety of potato that produces far less acrylamide . 
  it just happens to be a gmo , and well ... europe decided to ban gmos . 
  shot ourselves in the foot there . 
  roughly 5 % of the population is homo or bisexual . 
  any society with more than 1000 people is essentially guaranteed to have gays . 
  we , the dutch , would like to claim back nyc to its former glory as nieuw amsterdam . 
  should n't be that much of a hassle , since the nyc flag and like 3/4th of locality names are essentially dutch already . 
  but not enough to cover the costs . 
  the article is about non-eu students anyway . 
  studying costs upwards of 10k euros a year , the vast majority of which the government is still going to pay . 
  if you had read the article : the tuition fees would only apply for those from outside the eu . 
  it makes sense . 
  studying is * expensive * , and the government pays 95 % of that . 
  even with those fees , it 'll still be 90 % that the government pays . 
  students from outside the eu very often do not stay after graduating , so offering free tuition to those would be an investment with no return . 
  and german education can definitely use the money . 
  for a country its size and economic importance , its higher education is seriously lacking behind its neighbors . 
  the only university to make it to both global top-100 lists is the university of freiburg , while its western neighbors with only 20 % of the population has 3 or 4 such universities . 
  here in the netherlands non-eu students have had to pay much more anyway . 
  the amount baw\u00fc now wants to ask of non-eu students is that which dutch and eu students have to pay in nl , and we do n't exactly lack foreign students . 
  non-eu students have to pay the full amount here ( no government subsidies ) , which comes down to 10-15 ,000 euros a year . 
  but it 's not like they ca n't trace you , anyway . 
  they have your bank account number , which is linked to your social security number . 
  all in all , it 's just cultural . 
  we 're definitely more laissez-faire , and generally do n't like bureaucracy that much . 
  in english ? 
  they do n't exactly originate there . 
  they 're from nassau , germany , and through some means got a title from orange . 
  disclaimer : republican here . 
  purchasing something by installments is considered taking out a loan here . 
  for that , your bkr will be looked up . 
  but again , not existing at all in the bkr is a good thing , since that means you never had a loan before , and likely thought well about taking one . 
  for regular subscriptions ( that includes phone ) , they 'll just cut your connection / stop serving you if you dont pay . 
  i never understood why you need that massive load of bureaucracy in germany to get a phone plan ( i lived in berlin for a while ) . 
  it 's because every country does it hugely different . 
  in germany you need schufa for a lot of stuff . 
  here in nl , you only need the equivalent only when getting a loan or mortgage ( and even then , only negative accounts are registered . 
  not being registered at all is a good thing here ), 
  this is an issue in most countries used to a bipartisan system . 
  it takes some getting used to a multiparty system where compromises have to be made , and not a single party can fulfill its promises . 
  what is `` post-nationalist '' supposed to mean ? 
  probably everyone belongs to some minority group in some way . 
  blue eyes ? 
  minority !, 
  red hair ? 
  minority !, 
  bald at age 20 ? 
  minority !, 
  left-handed ? 
  minority !, 
  minority !, 
  male and shoe size below 42 ? 
  minority !, 
  etc etc, 
  so what do `` european values '' mean to you ? 
  to me , sexual freedom directly follows from said values . 
  are you forgetting the 99.9 % of human history where 80 % of the population was at risk of famine , as opposed to definitely the minority right now ? 
  perhaps you should read a history book or two . 
  the universe is practically infinitely larger than planet earth . 
  we already have some ventures willing to do off-planet mining etc. 
  that called innovation . 
  without some incentive , progress goes painstakingly slow . 
  it 's definitely not at `` an all time high '' . 
  it 's at the highest point of the post-war period , but for most of human history income inequality has been much , much higher . 
   no parent would ever dream of charging their sons and daughters for staying in their own home . 
  that 'd be considered ridiculous behaviour about [ 1 in 3 ] ( https://www.nibud.nl/consumenten/kostgeld/ ) parents do that here . 
  the reasoning is that you teach your children the value of money ; that food , housing , gas , electricity etc are not free . 
   there are many universities close by here . 
  the closest to where i lived was half a hour away but i preferred ( as the public one did n't have my course and the private one was costly ) going to another one hour away . 
  unless you live in a backwater , commuting is possible . 
  i could have done it if i wanted to . 
  the nearest university is literally a ten minute stroll from my parents ' place . 
  however , universities tend to specialize in a certain ( class of ) subject ( s ) here . 
  the local university did n't specialize in my field . 
  it 's extremely common for students to move across the country to find the best education for their field . 
   well , that 's what cars , parks , ecc . 
  are for ... . . :d in a park , in this climate ?!, 
  and do you really have an idea of the population density here ? 
  there just are n't any private places in public . 
  it 's normal practice for about [ 1 in 3 ] ( https://www.nibud.nl/consumenten/kostgeld/ ) people here . 
  i moved out when i was 19 . 
  my reasons : 1 . as a teenager you 're supposed to work here anyway . 
  once you start doing that , your parents will start charging you money if you live with them , since you cost them money . 
  living in a shared apartment was n't that much more expensive than staying at home . 
  studying . 
  a large fraction of students do not study in the city where their parents live . 
  in my situation , i would have had to travel 2.5 hours per direction had i stayed home . 
  independence . 
  this is golden . 
  and once you 're out , going back is difficult . 
  i 've had to do it for a few months , and neither me or my parents could really get used to it anymore . 
  privacy . 
  i ca n't imagine bringing someone home for ermm . . things ... when my parents would be in the same building . 
  utterly embarrassing . 
  how do you italians do this ?
