  in any western city it 'd be gone within 10 minutes . 
  not amsterdam . 
  banner says ` haaglanden ' , aka the hague and surroundings . 
  design-wise i think it is good the way it is . 
  it 's very recognizable , but still simply enough a toddler can draw it . 
  whatever associations people might have with it , that 's another matter alltogether . 
  part 2 of translation ----------------------- what he had obviously not counted on was that the entire thing would put his personal safety and that of his family in danger , and that he would be forced to retreat from public life for a longer term . 
  that aspect of left unmentioned in german politics . 
  even though the real scandal should not have been the profanity of b\u00f6hmernann , but the fact that he has to fear for his life . 
  where was merkel to condemn all of this ? 
  when one reads such a poem , it is obvious one received death treats , a german government official noted . 
  but that is not obvious at all , for if it were all german and dutch comedians and cartoonists would have to be permanently guarded . 
  b\u00f6hmermann did not also not understand that he got into business with a state , and an in germany living community with roots in that state , where profanity is seen as a matter of honor that should be met with revenge . 
  immediately after my wife , who is also of turkish descent , saw the video of b\u00f6hmerann , she replied : `` this man has to fear for his life '' . 
  it would be nice when german politics and german media would show solidarity with b\u00f6hmermann . 
  but so far the responses to his hiding have been similar to that towards salaman rushdie after the publication of the satanic verses : he 's himself to blame , so he should n't complain . 
  b\u00f6hmernann also did n't foresee the effects within turkey and the turkish community in europe . 
  for erdogan and supporters the case has been a staggering success in any case , because of the by b\u00f6hmermann so expected response of merkel . 
  no matter what happens further down the line . 
  at home in turkey they can say : look , even in germany it 's not permitted to insult our president . 
  the hundreds of prosecutions in turkey for insulting the president therefore get a german stamp of approval by the by erdogan controlled media . 
  even when the case against b\u00f6hmermann results in his acquittance -- something which is far from certain - nothing will change this . 
  turkish media will use the case as long as it suits erdogan . 
  and when the final verdict is not to expectation they will report this as gentle as possible . 
  meanwhile the ` look , even in germany ' argument will be shamelessly used to strengthen the repression of free speech in turkey . 
  the b\u00f6hmermann-affair also sends a fatal signal to the turkish population in europe : the long arm of erdogan stretches until europe and there you can also be caught for your regime-critical comments . 
  and that 's exactly what we 've seen the last few days with turkish-dutch journalist ebru umar . 
  we can forgive b\u00f6hmerann the fact he underestimated the consequences of his slander poem . 
  we however can not forgive the german chancellor who likewise underestimated the consequences . 
  or she has well considered , but has nevertheless come to the decision to grant her permission to the prosecution of b\u00f6hmermann . 
  angela merkel managed to get some people to see her as a humanitarian hero . 
  she even recently received a prestigious price [ award ] for this in the netherlands . 
  but the real price , in the second sense of the word , is being paid by others . 
  merkel helped erdogan to an electoral victory , remains silent about the threats to b\u00f6hmermann 's security , and makes a deal about refugees with a country that does n't even know a right to to asylum . 
  humanitarian goals only seem to interest the chancellor when it suits her . 
  the get the consequences of her own solo-decision of last autumn back under control , she put european values on sale . 
  it is therefore time she resigns . 
  whether that really happens is debatable , because politics remains politics . 
  the two german coalition parties have little want for new elections , now they have both slumped in the polls after their mismanagement of the refugee crisis . 
  therefore merkel might very well remain in power all the way to 2017 . 
  it even looks like holland . 
  translation of the article , split out in [ two ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4h1pmu/oped_why_angela_merkel_should_resign/d2mml1j ) parts because of length : ---------------------------- ** why angela merkel has to resign ** to quench the consequences of her careless ` wir schaffen das ' and to service her political life , chancellor angela merkel has put european values on sale . 
  it 's time she resigns , thinks ruud koopmans . 
  * prof. dr. ruud koopmans is a sociologist specialized in migration and intergration and is connected to the wisschenschaftszentrum berlin ( wzb ) and the humboldt university . 
  * since he made a satiric show on the german public broadcaster about turkish president recip tayyip erdogan , jan b\u00f6hmermann has not appeared in public . 
  all his radio - and television shows have been cancelled . 
  because of death threats his home is being guarded by police . 
  in the passed several days german journalists were denied access to turkey , not once but twice . 
  after turkish pressure , the european commission removed a notification about a concert tour by a german orchestra from its website , since it mentioned the armenian genocide . 
  in the netherlands turkish diplomats called dutch-turkish organizations and individuals to notify the consulate of insults against the erdogan and the turkish state , and not long after the dutch-turkish journalist ebru umar was arrested in turkey because she had called erdogan a dictator . 
  meanwhile chancellor angela merkel notified turkey about the success of the refugee deal that she has made with the turkish government in exchange for visa-free travel for the turks and the re-opening of negotiations into eu-membership . 
  the world of merkel should have been back in order after she managed to stem the flow of refugees -- a flow she herself instigated -- with the turkish deal . 
  but in germany critique has been increasing after her decision to allow the prosecution of jan b\u00f6hmermann for insulting a friendly foreign head of state . 
  the b\u00f6hmermann-affair can no longer be seen as separate from merkel 's approach to the refugee crisis . 
  b\u00f6hmermann attempted to show the hypocrisy of her policy decisions , and he succeeded perfectly in this . 
  with merkels ` wir schaffen das ' - decision of last autumn to open up the borders , she moved aside -- without any consideration for her european partners -- the treaty of dublin . 
  this treaty maintains that asylum seekers can only request asylum in the eu-member state where they first arrived . 
  the treaty has contributed since the 90s to keep the numbers of asylum seekers to indeed schaffable numbers . 
  when the dissastisfaction in germany about the 1.5 million refugees kept on growing , merkel pressured other european countries to take their share of the refugee flow . 
  a privilege for which most countries understandable thankfully declined . 
  merkels call for a `` european solution '' is a chutzpah , because it was herself who singlehandedly moved the existing european solution -- the treaty of dublin -- aside . 
  meanwhile the chancellor was issuing heavy criticism on countries such as austria and macedonia , who tried to force the refugee flow in more manageable flows by better border controls . 
  the success of these measures in the form of a measurable decline in the number refugees was silently favoring merkel . 
  when the european solution of sharing asylum seekers failed , another solution -- turkish -- solution was needed to save merkel 's skin . 
  therefore she offered erdogan , shortly before turkish elections , the perspective of visa-free travel and the renewal of negotiations into an eu-membership . 
  merkel 's help clearly turned out to have made mint for erdogan : his party won the elections with a surprisingly large margin . 
  the agreement that the eu and turkey have made on the initiative of merkel is a monster . 
  on not a single moment since turkey became a candidate member of the eu , ankara deserved the promise so little . 
  in the kurdish south-east the country 's army is bombarding entire cities without regarding civilian lives . 
  journalists are not allowed access , and that 's why we hear so little about in in europe . 
  dutch journalist fr\u00e9derike geerdink was one of the few independent reporters with access to the area , but was arrested and deported from the country . 
  free press no longer exists in turkey in any case . 
  journalists will be arrested or fired , newspapers closed down . 
  in the youngest report of reporters without borders turkey manages a place 151 out of 180 countries -- a position even lower than the russia of putin . 
  what does such a turkey have to do in the eu ? 
  even disregarding all this , the country is still a bad conceivable partner to make a deal about returning refugees . 
  turkey does n't even recognize the refugee treaty of geneva , and only knows the right of asylum for asylum seekers who flee from europe -- a refugee flow which is n't realistic . 
  the positive thing about the refugee deal , one could say , is that it functions in the sense of its goals : the numbers of refugees who reach europe has , for the time being , drastically decreased -- even though it appears the flow just moves to the much more dangerous southern sea-route through italy . 
  but ` functioning ' in that sense of the word is what the treaty of dublin did regardless , and it did that without the necessity of the dirty deal with the dictator on the other side of the bosporus . 
  if germany and europe had wanted it back then , they could have taken up refugee contingents from turkey anyway . 
  or from now forgotten countries that have taken up very many refugees , like lebanon or jordan . 
  that would have been humanitarian and would have simultaneously taken place in an safe , orderly and justified manner . 
  but merkel did nothing of that nature . 
  in stead of that , she tried to brush up her -- by the greek crisis damaged -- international image by suddenly presenting herself - and meanwhile foregoing all existing laws and treaties -- as the merciful fl\u00fcchtlingsmutti . 
  ever since she stubbornly kept on her chosen road , even though that was to the detriment of relations with the european partners and it instigated the upswing of right wing populist parties in germany , including an alliance with a state which takes human rights -- and refugee rights in particular -- with a large grain of salt . 
  and we could have arrived at the same result , but then much-improved , before merkel 's `` wir schaffen das '' . 
  dissastisfaction and annoyance about all of this explains the intensity surrounding the b\u00f6hmermann-affair . 
  after the german government kept silent when turkey demanded the critical but otherwise innocent erdowie-erdowo-erdowann song would be banned , b\u00f6hmermann knew exactly what he could expect from his ` slander poem ' . 
  like pavlov 's dog turkey responded with the demand for prosecution of b\u00f6hmermann and merkel responded like a poodle does when his master 's voice calls : she immediately called turkish prime minister davutoglu and distanced herself from the `` consciously insulting '' poem . 
  but as well as b\u00f6hmermann had estimated the response of the german government , as naive he was in his consideration of the reactions his satire would evoke in a turkish newspaper . 
  not until you guys have digged and walled yourself in !, 
  your point being ? 
  did not expect to see my home town in a random collection of pictures !, 
  let 's be a little more nuanced . 
  these homes were constructed on what is called area c of the west bank . 
  under the oslo accords - signed in 1993 between israel and the plo ( which later became the palestinian authority - construction in area c is illegal if israel does not give its consent . 
  europe knows this , however , it still built homes for approximately 120,000 people in area c , * without * the approval of israel . 
  therefore , the israeli argument is that these buildings are illegal ( and by the treaty , they indeed * are * illegal ) . 
  if europeans want to see israel to stop construction in the west bank , perhaps europe should itself stop constructing illegal homes as well . 
  note the tiniest of dicks on the ape .
