  you 're a smart enough people to read subtitles . 
  just that would markedly increase germans ' english skills . 
  i do n't think those are the true causes . 
  it probably all has to do with trade . 
  the scandinavian countries all have small populations speaking a language that 's not one of the main languages on the continent . 
  these countries have to be fluent in other languages to simply survive economically . 
  the same holds true for the netherlands , even tho it has a medium-sized population , since international trade is a more important factor in its economy . 
  this also explains slovenia : small population with irrelevant language . 
  it just needs to speak foreign languages . 
  a country like austria , on the other hand , would n't have this incentive , since its language ( german ) already is one of the major languages on the continent . 
  you went to paris . 
  you have n't been to france . 
   jus d'orange . 
  the floor below actually has . 
  no offense , but this is one of the reasons why so many europeans are extremely skeptical about the eu candidate membership of turkey . 
  yep . 
  germany rejects any and all proposals at serious reform . 
  eurobonds ? 
  fiscal union ? 
  etc etc. 
  my hometown was firmly inside the empire , and it 's still on this map . 
  tungri clocking in . 
  turkey at this point is more of a liability to nato than anything else . 
  so far , yes . 
  but lebanon has taken in over a million refugees , on a population of just 4 million , in a country that 's mired in sectarian conflict even when nothing 's happening anywhere else . 
  it 's not a matter of if , it 's a matter of when that powder keg will explode . 
  the syrian conflict already had spilled over to its neighbors . 
  hezbollah is fighting for assad , and has been for quite some time . 
  everyone who 's ever installed a web server on a public facing server will know the amount of mass hacking attempts from russia and china ( just check your access and fail2ban logs ) . 
  so , yeah . 
   he would rather sacrifice the whole russian population is n't this exactly what he tries to accomplish with the russian boycotts on european agricultural items ? 
  starve your own population just to brag about it in international circles ? 
  most people 's savings get them through just a few months at most . 
  even in the rich west , saving large amounts is n't as easy at it seems . 
   1 month rent more like 1 to 2 weeks . 
  while that 's true , there 's still quite some things to write home about : it 's still the oldest airline in continuous existence , with a very good safety record , beautiful color scheme , and the best social media/customer service team i 've ever experienced . 
  sad thing is that it 's being used as a cash cow by air france . 
  while the specific language used by this bdi person might be construed as a threat , he probably does have a realistic point . 
  the uk is foolish if it thinks it can get all the benefits without any of the disadvantages . 
  is quid pro quo so difficult to understand ? 
  i thought the trade-minded british would know better than that . 
  no offense there , but any * community * of entities ( whether that 's people , cities , or entire nations ) means that any of these entities will have to compromise . 
  is that so difficult to understand ? 
  it 's the basic tenet of any form of agreement . 
  two words : undiversified economy . 
  and over 70 of them are apparently held in captivity . 
  i vote for 2 . 
  a strong re-united germany was geopolitical suicide to europe in the first place . 
  having it implode would not be necessarily bad . 
  i once went on a school trip to prague ( this was just a few months after czech joining the eu ) , and our bus got a wheel clamp for wrong parking . 
  apparently there 's wheel clamps that fit bus wheels !, 
  anyhow , when the cops arrived it turned out the cop had followed some police course in the netherlands , and he offered to lower the fine for us !, 
  nice cop !, 
  not sure whether that was all legal tho :p . 
  not really . 
  hard work is sort of one of the core national values here , so that 's a very positive thing from a dutch perspective . 
  i lived a year in berlin . 
  i found the lack of freedom of speech - unless you voiced extreme-left incitement which is somehow ok with the authorities - quite staggering from a dutch perspective . 
  the americans would be even more lenient in freedom of speech . 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but previous experiences with refugees have shown that the vast majority will never willingly leave . 
  exactly . 
  why should a few countries always solve any and all issues in the world ? 
  why do n't developing nations do anything ? 
  developing also means taking responsibility every now and then !, 
  you did n't want to help europe , so why should we help you ? 
  i 'm going to london in a few weeks . 
  so keep on dropping , pound !, 
  keep it on !, 
  exactly !, 
  dutch spelling is very regular , much more so than english and perhaps even more than german . 
  the only real exceptions are loanwords ( we do not make up new dutch words when we can grab a foreign word :p ) . 
  the source of confusion is probably the existence of double consonants and double vowels . 
  both exist for the same reason : marking long/short vowels . 
  double vowels are used to lengthen a vowel when the syllable itself is closed . 
  german usually solves the same problem by sticking an h to the vowel ( example : vaart , like fahrt in german ) . 
  double consonants are to close a syllable , so that the vowel becomes short . 
  english does this as well , e.g. 
  appel/apple . 
  he says something sensible !, 
  it 's a miracle !, 
  i ca n't speak for those countries , but here in nl minimum wage scales with age until 23 years of age . 
  the [ minimum wage ] ( http://www.minimum-jeugdloon.nl/minimum-jeugdloon-2015/ ) for an 18 yo is less than half of adult minimum wage . 
  this means that many un/lowly skilled jobs are taken up by teenagers . 
  supermarkets , bars , restaurants , that kind of stuff . 
  combined with a culture that really values working young as an educational thing ( learning the value of money ) , it 's not really surprising youth unemployment is rather low . 
  well ... you tend to be extortionists :p still owe us several tens of billions , but hey , we waived that because you 're oh so sad ;-) . 
  that title is rather misleading . 
  and the individual burden of those ponzi schemes ( all welfare systems are ponzi schemes ) will keep on exploding in a non-growing demography . 
  it 's already happening ; those that enter the job market right now need to work for roughly 10 years longer than those that are currently retiring , and will get a significantly lower pension , while paying significantly more . 
  you need a growing population to keep supporting welfare systems . 
  it 's either that , or get rid of welfare systems alltogeteher . 
  nope ... it 's simply because , for historical reasons , the netherlands has the largest amount of bilateral tax treaties . 
  those treaties exist for largely sane reasons ( i.e. 
  to prevent double taxation . 
  if you 're e.g. 
  a uk firm trading in nl it 'd would be unfair for both nl and the uk to tax you ) . 
  what 's happening here is that [ through these treaties + irish tax rules for irish subsidiaries ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/double-irish-with-a-dutch-sandwich.asp ) , companies can essentially exploit a loophole . 
  the world wars , obviously . 
  round three has already started , with merkel forcing her immigration policy onto europe ( and then threatening other countries when they do n't agree with it ), 
  dear brits : please stay !,
