  the housing allowance in nl only applies for those older than 23 ( yes , it 's purposefully intended to discriminate against students ) , and only applies for those on social housing anyway . 
  social housing has a waiting list of at least a few years ( 10 + in the bigger cities ) , so young people are generally unlikely to make use of them . 
  to these cheering this : the reputation of the eu is now destroyed . 
  it will be very difficult , if not outright impossible for the eu to ever make a new trade deal with any country that 's not downright dependent on the eu . 
  what the heck ? 
  by moving the hq to the netherlands , they will become a dutch company with immediate access to the eu single market . 
  production can stay in the uk , that does n't have to change . 
  thanks for moving to the netherlands !, 
  we have the same shitty weather as in the uk , so you 'll feel right at home !, 
  here it 's also a lot of greeks . 
  me neither . 
  the current model with every single member state needing to approve is becoming ever more unworkable with the amount of members the eu now has . 
  we 'll bring back michiel de ruyter from the dead . 
  must capture your silver fleet !, 
  this has to stop . 
  we are getting into very dangerous areas ; soon simple surgery can no longer be safely performed lest there be a risk of incurable infection . 
  welcome back , 19th century !, 
  by the looks of it , that pole is experiencing summer . 
  can someone confirm this ? 
  world war i peace treaty revoked turkish cores on greek mainland . 
  not in europe . 
  while i do n't particularly like the state-owned channel here , they are n't exactly a mouth piece for the government ( but they are a mouthpiece for the monarchy , tho ) . 
  in fact , they regularly oppose the government . 
  it 's a bit early to call that . 
  perhaps rt was involved in some dubious financial transactions . 
  considering the sanctions against russia , it might entirely be possible that natwest is just covering themselves legally . 
  tbh , that image looks slightly photoshopped . 
  we can see the two folding lines fairly normal for a letter , and as expected from something scanned in , they do n't run perfectly straight . 
  yet the natwest banner at the top seems to run perfectly straight and smooth . 
  quite some large internet companies here offer btc payment options . 
  obviously , they have bank accounts . 
   the dutch usually joke about the belgians intelligence or better said : lack thereof . 
  i wonder how these people would feel to be legally ` castrated ' , with the prospect of dying childless , just because some bigoted people would n't allow them to have a family . 
   marchers were also protesting sunday against the use of assisted reproduction techniques and surrogate mothers to help same-sex couples have babies . 
  i never understand this . 
  there is technology that allows me to have kids , yet i 'm not * allowed * to make * use * of it , simply because i ca n't make them the ` natural ' way , but a straight couple experiencing infertility issues ( and is therefore similarly unable to make them the ` natural ' way ) * is * allowed ? 
  what 's the ffing difference ? 
   media whore description of that containing less profanity ? 
  would be such a shame if europe again fails getting to mars !, 
  come on antenna , start working !, 
  layman here : who are all those people , and what are their relationships ? 
  he/she has a point for most countries . 
  over here , all units below $ 710/month ( * kaltmiete * in german terms ) is defined as social housing , the vast majority of which is semi-publicly owned . 
  the private rental market is virtually non-existent in most places . 
  it would n't be that bad if those units were available to everyone , but they are n't . 
  since 2011 , eu regulations mean those units are no longer accessible to anyone having median income or higher . 
  that effectively means social housing complexes will only contain poor people . 
  coupled with the fact that there has been virtually no construction in that sector since the mid-90s , and the housing corporations are cash strapped because the current government wanted to impose an extra multibillion-euro tax , it means those areas are definitely experiencing ghettofication . 
  while the specific situation might be different in germany , germany is n't immune to the sort of thing either . 
  ever been to marzahn , for instance ? 
  lowercase letters are so overrated !, 
  what do you intend to achieve with the data from said poll ? 
  you do n't get the flu from temperatures . 
  you get the flu from a virus . 
  hopefully it does n't end up like beagle2 . 
  the way markets work , it might not get much worse when they actually * do * leave . 
  it 's all about trust and confidence , and the mere * prospect * of leaving already hurt the confidence of the market to the british economy . 
  by the time it leaves , all the lost confidence may already be factored in to pricing . 
  and the strongly moderated ones nearly invariably end up being a regressive-left black hole . 
  see / r/news , that failed to cover the orlando shooting because that did somehow not fit * their * narrative . 
  can we give those men citizenship right away ? 
  they 'd have deserved it . 
  wtf ? 
  this sub hates all architecture designed after 1950 , for some reason . 
  is albayrak a common turkish name ? 
  we once had a minister with that very name too . 
  what is a mutuality ? 
  that is a consequence of said regulation . 
  when a company has to spend a billion euros to get a gmo on the market , that company will want to earn that money back . 
  companies are n't charities , and even if they were , they wo n't have infinite pockets of money . 
  the current regulatory environment therefore selects for those companies that can financially stand to wait for a decade to get their product on the market . 
  that effectively prevents any start up from participating . 
  ironically this means that it is easier to get a gmod pet on the market ( you can buy glow-in-the-dark fish at various locations ) than it is to get a vitamin-a fortified variety of rice on the market . 
  exactly . 
  people often fail to realize that media companies are just like any company : run a loss for too long , and you 'll go bankrupt . 
  ours did n't . 
  we had to learn all capitals of all countries , but not flags . 
  have another uncommon flag to learn !, 
  care to explain that ? 
  balkans . 
  the saga continues on episode # 2492715 . 
  gmos are way safer , even . 
  the regulatory processes to put a gmo on the market are draconian . 
  compare that with traditional breeding , where there is very little regulation , if any at all , and you 've actually got no idea what you are creating . 
  losing 5.5 % of exports does n't necessarily translate into recession . 
  that depends on how dependent an economy is on exports . 
  perhaps because it was n't just a politician , but a democratic referendum . 
  the british people * as a whole * decided to pull out of the eu , because apparently all the advantages awarded to them were n't enough . 
  i know the demographics of british visitors to this sub are different from the general british population . 
  however , most of the young generation apparently found the issue not important enough to go to the polling station . 
  should we consider their voice when going to the polling station is too much to ask for ? 
  and in all three cases there was some merit in the core of those items . 
  the greek nation * as a whole * undeniably has issues when it comes down to finances . 
  the british nation * as a whole * made a decision that angered the rest of the continent . 
  the german nation * as a whole * exacerbated the refugee crisis . 
  especially since all three countries concerned are democracies , that means the populace is n't absolved of responsibility . 
  of course we should n't make sweeping generalizations ( `` all greeks are lazy and do n't pay their taxes '' , `` all germans are set on destroying europe '' , `` all brits are arrogant schmucks with a minority complex '' etc ) , but if we can never call out any group as a whole for making certain decisions , why discuss anything at all ? 
  people underestimate this . 
  modern markets behave on microsecond scales . 
  the exchanges literally sell rights to be physically located close to their servers , because light speed is actually an issue for high-speed trading .
