  without you , europe will be a boring place where europe will do germany 's bidding . 
  the uk is an essential balancing force that must stay in the union . 
  the thing is , from a religious pov , kosher is * always * halal , but halal is n't always kosher . 
  so it makes simple economic sense for religious butchers to take the kosher approach ; ultimately that means a larger potential customer base . 
  nevertheless , you can expect most meat to be halal-only . 
  the reason is that muslims are allowed to eat more than jews ( e.g. 
  seafood and diary + meat products ) , and that the jewish population is very small ( and a large percentage of european jews are secular ) compared to the muslim population . 
  what the hell ? 
  18 people stood by and did nothing ? 
  this is absurd . 
  i wonder against who he '' ll use that army . 
  obviously flanders/belgium . 
  perhaps afrikaners too . 
  a ) you need many people in their 20s and 30s to support a welfare system . 
  b ) unemployment already is extremely low , and the core of the problem is simply diminishing returns with a smaller working population base . 
  cultural differences . 
  european cultures tend to perceive debt as inherently bad ( hell , in many germanic languages the word for debt literally means * guilt * ) . 
  anglo-saxon cultures are much more ok with it . 
  because welfare programs are similar to ponzi schemes : you need a large base of paying members to support a smaller top of non-paying members . 
  this works when you have a relatively normal population pyramid - with more paying young people than non-paying old people . 
  in shrinking populations - or even those stable - it 's an eventually unsustainable system . 
  simple math . 
  for the very same reason , health care insurance is cheaper in europe than in the us ; since most/all europeans are insured ( the vast majority of which do not use much of their insurance in any given year ) , the price can be kept down . 
  in the us , only a smaller percentage will be insured , and those sick will seek insurance more often . 
  mexico , ruled by the exiled aristocracy of the former duchy of m\u00fcnster , will be present !, 
  constantinople !, 
  the turks themselves are the cause of their nation being un-european . 
  if they had n't kicked out most anatolian greeks , it might have been considered more european . 
  in a few years from now , it 'll be too late . 
  then many are already citizens and can vote . 
  that means the refugees themselves will be important to political parties ( since they are now the electorate ) , and that will most definitely influence politics to be even more lenient . 
  does pizza hut still exist ? 
  last one i saw was at least a decade ago . 
  as for kfc , at least the ones here actually feature real chicken in stead of the compressed cardboard of mcdonald 's and bk . 
  that has to count as something . 
  germany is not growing , might even be declining . 
  germany is just a strange economy ; it tends to fair well when others are doing bad , but when the general world economy turns for the better , germany starts being less of a performer . 
  not too long ago germany was still considered to be `` the sick man of europe '' . 
  they only did comparatively well in the crisis . 
  dear brits , you still want to leave now ? 
  what was left of mh17 was flown to the netherlands before ukraine could even do any investigative work . 
  would n't that be the same ? 
  can a country just pass on the investigation to another country ? 
  [ belgi\u00eb\u00eb\u00eb\u00eb\u00eb ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtvnmo6crfg ), 
  ah , well , we used to have a ministry of administrative renewal as well . 
  which performed well , essentially nothing . 
  if we 're going to be slightly chauvinistic , i 'd like to point out the formation of the dutch republic in 1581 as perhaps a pivotal event in western culture 's increasingly secular stance . 
  the [ act of abjuration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/act_of_abjuration ) - which likely [ inspired ] ( http://news.wisc.edu/was-declaration-of-independence-inspired-by-dutch/ ) the american declaration of independence in part - is very clear in its anti-monarchist language . 
  western culture already was clearly on the move towards humanism , secularism , and general enlightenment a full 200 years before the us deposed of its overlords . 
  islamic cultures have 450 years of cultural development to catch up with . 
  and most western european countries are now ridiculously * anti * - israel . 
  some counter-force in the debate is at least refreshing . 
  the thing is that western cultures have had several centuries getting used to the ideas of individualism , free thought and eventually democracy . 
  muslim , and in particular , arab culture not so much . 
  as said , tribalism is very common , and many muslim organizations actively oppose democracy . 
  the `` prison '' she 's talked about is a former ministry building . 
  so she 'd `` rather die in syria '' than eat dutch food and live in a government tower . 
  well ... . . 
  should n't denmark be at the top ? 
  their entire nation has been awarded the title . 
  it 's pub-talk . 
  like `` just carpet-bomb/nuke the middle east ; nothing left to fight over '' . 
  ca n't be taken too seriously . 
  i just do n't understand how this works . 
  adult homosexuals who have regular sex ( i.e. 
  with consent ) with each other have to be thrown head first from a tall building , but ( homosexual ) pedophilia and rape is ok ? 
  wtf ? 
  this religion is seriously fucked up . 
  230v these days . 
  i live near a major greenhouse center . 
  with a bit of luck , i can still make out orion on a clear night . 
  it 's sad ; entire generations are growing up without stars lighting up the sky . 
  that said , much of the greenhouses work 24/7 . 
  some crop production needs light all night . 
  greenhouses naturally have transparant roofs ( that 's sort of the point of a greenhouse ) , so a lot of that nightly light will get reflected back into the sky . 
  and the wallonians still do n't want to learn the * proper * language !, 
  m\u00fcnster will give acte de presence !, 
  wtf ? 
  the sad thing is , if you post this on fb you 'll be sure to end up in a discussion over having offended non-cisgender people or so . 
  the ability to ( self - ) criticize has been a defining aspect of western culture for the last 500 years . 
  when criticism is no longer possible , it 's the end of western culture as we know it . 
  political correctness is an odd phenomenon here ; on one side it is against any form of criticism to prevent being `` offensive '' to certain groups . 
  on the other hand it harshly criticizes almost all historical western achievements as immoral and wrong , while being totally unable to criticize non-western cultures . 
  that 's way too easy . 
  we need a language [ so difficult ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malbolge ) it has to be mined . 
  not entirely sarcastic . 
  its area is nearly identical of that of the united kingdom of the netherlands from 1815-1831 . 
  very effective , tho . 
  if there 's anything that taught millions of people the basics of orbital mechanics , it 's definitely ksp . 
  netherlands depends on the town . 
  every town is allowed its own rules . 
  that was considered a compromise , so that towns in the bible belt can still ban sunday shopping , but everyone else can enjoy stuff being open . 
  usually sunday hours are a bit fewer than other days . 
  my local supermarket is only open from noon until 6pm on sundays , whereas it 's open from 8am to 10pm on any other day . 
  that said , there 'll always be a convenience store open until midnight or so . 
  i get half an hour , * unpaid * . 
  good . 
  whether it 's in or out of europe , this planet needs a lot more renewable energy . 
  if we want to reach the paris agreement goals , we ca n't be bothered by petty things like borders . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.the-american-interest.com/2016/10/30/did-moscow-botch-a-coup-in-montenegro/ ) article definitely puts 1 and two together .
