a mix of birth control , lower fertility due to drugs , the collapse of the classical marriage and people subconsciously feeling the world is overpopulated and avoiding having children, 
  that 's a sign that the governments of ee countries are still sane, 
  you sent government agents into their territory to carry out an agenda . 
  at a time when eu countries are suffering strained relations this was a monumentally stupid decision, 
  wrong choice of word . 
  i just meant that they wo n't respect the croatian border any longer, 
  they wo n't occupy you , but they will cross the border to support their goals , since your country already crossed that line nato would n't mean shit , just as it did n't mean shit when greece and turkey almost went to war for some greek islands, 
  it works until hungary gets sick of your shit and invades you with their military to stop you - which they are justified to do , because you violated their border yestrday, 
  because its literally a mans biological duty to defend women and children . 
  its what we are designed to do, 
  either the fence will come down or the army will start shooting . 
  there is n't really any other options, 
  if you have an ar-15 and he has a knife , and we all vote you put down the gun , does it change anything ? 
  as a geordie native i understood a fair amount . 
  like me for my . 
  you say nationalist as if it is a bad thing, 
  that does n't mean i do n't want to see the end of it . 
  i like an ethnically homogeneous europe . 
  christ , imagine that . 
  someone wants to see his country great instead of wasting the national funds on importing africans . 
  that 's a holdover from our empire . 
  if we lose our nukes we are as threatening as belgium . 
  either or , i just want home rule . 
  i want to see schengen destroyed , i want to see a complete stop to immigration , i want to see a reestablishment of britain as a world power . 
   in february 2008 , president barroso admitted that despite the president having in theory as much legitimacy as heads of governments , in practice it was not the case . 
  the low voter turnout creates a problem for the president 's legitimacy , with the lack of a `` european political sphere '' , but analysts claim that if citizens were voting for a list of candidates for the post of president , turn out would be much higher than that seen in recent years . 
  so basically , nobody voted for parties which then elected their members which then voted on those members . 
  which means nobody voted for him . 
  britain ruled by british . 
  not britain ruled by unelected european bereaucrats . 
  for example , i did n't vote for [ this man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/donald_tusk ) , nor [ this man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-claude_juncker ) , despite the fact they are apparently our leaders . 
  never forget the 20 million !, 
  no , i 'm looking forward to us regaining our sovereignty . 
  do you think your grandfathers fought to defeat the third reich to see their country settled by foreigners ? 
  assuming you 're actually one of my countrymen . 
  like raping children ? 
  how will it be england when over 50 % of the population will be non-english ? 
  soon to be known as ethnic majorities . 
  most successful , as in directly caused the recession we are still in and the man who sold us wholesale to the eu ? 
  just like the wmds in iraq . 
  nobody should listen to this war criminal , his actions are directly responsible for the syrian conflict, 
  he is wrong because he is blind . 
  demographically there will never be an end to the stream of migrants . 
  letting them come here and set up now would be even more disastrous than previous uk immigration . 
  another fucking bleeding heart guardian columnist . 
  so basically `` real life is scary , i want to talk about unicorn farts '', 
  immigrants are already 50 % of the swedish population , they know they 'll get infinite handouts there, 
  do n't call me friend , traitor . 
  can you imagine how your grandfathers would feel about what you are condoning ? 
  haha , saying le means it is n't true !, 
  this is the right comment from the wrong person . 
  you should n't have to run around doing pr for another moderator . 
  give it five or ten years when you 're a minority in your own homeland and there are grenade attacks in every city . 
  you 'll change your mind . 
  paying countries to dig their own graves . 
  amazing . 
  then you are a fool . 
  honestly . 
  i keep track of swedish politics to see if the swedish people can take back their self respect and their country , but at the minute any mention of cutting immigration to even sensible levels gets you branded as a neo-nazi . 
  the way your nation ( and the rest of western europe ) is currently going , all of us will be minorities within our own lands within two generations . 
  we 're all really interested to see if sweden will save itself before it burns . 
  fuck off back to syria, 
   people disagree with me so we are being brigaded . 
  obviously all the actual / europe users share all my opinions, 
  i would love to finland , but i think it 's illegal here, 
  we should start firing on the boats its what our forefathers would 've done to protect what us theirs, 
  his mission will be a total success . 
  he did n't intend for anything short-term to happen ( at least on utoya ) , what he was attacking was the future politicians of norway 's left party , and he killed over a fifth of them . 
  carpet bomb with birth control hormones, 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  they absolutely share their views . 
  you are extremely naive to suggest otherwise . 
  a majority of muslims identify with them . 
   `` democracy '' proposes to make itself democratic it will never happen . 
  you 're right , obviously we , the imperialist west , have the right to play games with these peoples lives and dictate how their government should be run . 
  because it worked so well in afghanistan , iraq , or libya right ? 
  you mean like the jokes about our teeth , our horrible food , our weather , our teeth , our ex-empire , our women , our accents , or our teeth ? 
   french people the french are people ? 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't hear you over the sound of you speaking my language , complaining about my people , on the internet , which by the way was [ invented by an englishman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_berners-lee ) . 
  so we should not try to save cultural heritage and let things be destroyed , and not doing so means you discriminate against people based on race ? 
  that does n't sound like it adds up . 
  lol , you say that when [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3s943l/britain_is_europes_most_generous_nation/ ) is the post above this on / r/europe, 
  what 's your proof ? 
  oh , its classified , threat to national security and all that, 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/two-children-face-two-years-in-jail-for-tearing-down-erdogan-poster.aspx?pageid=238&amp;amp;nid=90440&amp;amp;newscatid=509 he 's criminalised insulting him and built himself a palace , looks like he 's here to stay, 
  it 's really funny that you celebrate republic day while being a sultanate, 
  he 's trying to frighten people into upholding the status quo - the devil you know and all that . 
  `` once you 're free i 'm definitely not putting you back in this cage !, 
  it is absolutely feasible to defend our borders , our ancestors did it with a thousandth of our populations two thousand years ago . 
  the german people have given up along with the rest of us , the german government does n't represent them in any way, 
  so i 've gone from +9 to -4 points in a day . 
  which brigade subreddit have you people come from ? 
  it really is true , most of my social net is working - middle class , not university educated , etc. 
  your perspective on this definitely depends on your where you are in society . 
  since you could n't tell that me and that guy are two different people and are shouting in all capitals , i would simply argue that no u, 
  wow how dare people up vote opinions i do n't share what the fuck everybody knows redditch is my personal echo chamber, 
  the problem with most politicians nowadays is they do n't express their opinions because they would alienate the people who disagree with them . 
  trump is not the brightest but he 's blunt and brutally honest , he does n't worry about or care what you think of him or if it will cost him votes . 
  it 's not over by a long shot , but it 's only going to get bloodier from here . 
  from what i hear from my german friends , merkel herself might not survive many more years .
