  did n't we have like the first ever wooden ones ? 
  maybe they counted every single one in existence in the uk, 
  it 's pretty impressive that we have so much considering our size, 
  uk more efficient than germany-nigel farage, 
  ( forehead intensifies ), 
  u wot m8 ? 
  britain can into relevant . 
  do n't feed the troll, 
  i think he is more talking about the use which i also do n't want . 
  it has actually been getting sunnier here !, 
  the russian empire was a lot stronger back then as was most of europe . 
  that list would be very short ... 
  yes now we can finally begin our plan to restart the empire ... 
  we were worse off in ww2 than ww1, 
  i do n't think if they support a different view point than yours they are shills . 
  americans are paranoid . 
  i got confused with ww1 and 2, 
  oh but we still had to have rations did n't we ? 
  wealth does n't mean anything when you ca n't reach the mainland . 
  i 'm confused ... 
  i thought we were in serious trouble because the germans kept sinking our supply ships . 
  we like to criticise france for being too french too . 
  you want a rematch ? 
  but they wanted to name the town stalingrad not after the leader but the famous battle of ww2 . 
  `` mang '' sounds pretty chinese to me , are you a commie spy ? 
  london, 
  there is a joke that argentinians think that that they 're european and white . 
  you can apologise to us too . 
  i always forget the white is on top on the poland flag due to polandball . 
  it 's a farmers accent an example would be pronouncing tractors as tra ' ers . 
  there 's quite a lot : bristol , birmingham , liverpool , yorkshire and manchester . 
  it 's sad how on christmas the germans and britons were playing football and exchanging goods and then the day after going back to killing eachother . 
  what the fuck, 
  we 're not definitely leaving, 
  the british empire 2 electric boogaloo, 
  why does it have to be a competition ? 
  i 'll go with our earliest ally portugal !, 
  sad day for england fans :(, 
  i 'm from the uk and do n't you know about the rivalry between our 2 countries ? 
  we 've been fighting since the middle ages, 
  a quick tip is that if a word ends in or add a u between the o and the r for example : color becomes colour and vapor becomes vapour etc , and if the word ends in ize replace the z with an s for example colonize becomes colonise . 
  ) dialects english ( uk ) welsh ( uk ) singapore 2 . 
  ) native language portuguese ? 
  turkish ? 
  spanish ? 
  even though i 'm english it predicted that i am natively from spain or portugal . 
  all empires fall and americas is nearly at an end, 
  good job with vietnam and afghanistan, 
  i have yet to invade france, 
  do you leave your towel on sunbeds ? 
  tico ? 
  it was still more of a threat to the us than today, 
  we can help you we just need more christmas trees, 
  what about 99 luftballoons ? 
  is that the high tech serbian weaponry ? 
  william wallace, 
  that 's not what you said when luxembourg seceded . 
  only 10 % for the uk ? 
  what about the kkk or other racist groups in america ? 
  in the 1930s they were murdering blacks in america which is a lot worse than anything that happened in europe . 
  you ca n't just believe every stereotype . 
  i read it as `` abduction '' and was shocked that spain 's monarch could be kidnapped, 
  inb4 / r/europe rage from including turkey and russia, 
  which is ? 
  i 'm sure i read one of your circle jerky comments about anti europe and yet you still post in this dub, 
  that 's not what everyone was saying in the other thread, 
  i think you should get back to circle jerking in / r/murica, 
  you ca never trust the french . 
  surprise anschluss, 
  it 's not like every other country in europe is n't some shitty shadow of it 's former self, 
  i 'm pretty sure german humour is an oxymoron, 
  you seen to want us to leave when the economy of the eu would fall if we left, 
  why are you so set on the uk leaving ? 
  we contribute more than portugal . 
  yep they 're economy has declined since the fall of the ussr and they have the same number of soldiers as around france and the uk each with worse technology . 
  you 're comparing us to texas ? 
  of all states, 
  wikipedia, 
  why do n't you stop coming to the uk to find jobs then ? 
  we would n't mind the extra land, 
  this sub is ridiculously pro-eu, 
  england , united kingdom : we have to do up until our gcse 's in year 11 when we 're about 15-16 however no one takes it seriously it just becomes a sit off an and an easy grade . 
  thinking about it though surely it 's better to live in a nice first world country and not have holidays and than live in a poor country . 
  wow people really like their stickers . 
  i 'm english and i would n't, 
  poland stronk, 
  we still have one of the highest economies in the world and one of the most technologically advanced armies, 
  the trick is you have to ask them not to use vinegar or in the chippies i go to they ask it you 'd like salt and pepper, 
  `` english fries `` to get them extra pissed off, 
  maybe none just that none of the eu countries really gives a fuck about ukraine, 
  that 's not really relevant sorry because the police of europe are very different to those of the us, 
  liverpool is one of the richest places in the uk so i would n't really call it shitty, 
  my colonial sense is tingling , no brit ever spells it as `` pajamas '', 
  oh i 'm on mobile so i ca n't see the flairs ... 
  treason, 
  i do n't understand how a state can be similar to european countries . 
  is n't everyone biased towards their country though ? 
  do frogs have dicks ? 
  i guess we picked shit singers for the last few years because we wanted to give everyone else a chance . 
  op delivers ?
