you love france ?!, 
  hand in your passport please, 
  rich countries ca n't remove kebab like you though !, 
  only four lives left , use them wisely !, 
  he 's just been to the toilet, 
  oh wait you forgot merkel, 
  that 's the joke, 
  bunch of fucking terrorists *, 
  but can you still remove kebab ? 
  why have you even been downvoted ? 
  the name of the sub is / r/europe not / r/international, 
  most of us downvote because we come here to hear other european 's opinions and not americans, 
  no one here really hates france it 's just friendly digging, 
  i read that as hollywood then, 
  france or friendly pick one, 
  british empire still stronk !, 
  not at all, 
  i 'll get the claymores, 
  do n't remove him please, 
  we could just buy calais , we could use the extra land, 
  you ca n't handle the sick banter, 
  no body expects the spanish government !, 
  nice to see actual mature people on the topic instead of just rambling on about freedom, 
  we 'll take holland off you guys, 
  chickening out is a poor choice of words ... 
  u wot m8, 
  what does that mean, 
  why do you type r before uk, 
  wow that 's pretty scary, 
  what 's the context here ? 
  you 'd get a lot of different british perspectives from there, 
  how mature of you, 
  your flag looks like a washed out version of france 's, 
  nigel farage, 
  you may mock them now but you will tremble in fear of great mighty latvian potatanks, 
  he 's not ? 
  * glare *, 
  i 've never seen a gang member before and i live there, 
  that 's creepy, 
  where are you from ? 
  satire mate ... 
  oops i misread , i thought you said the uk was n't a big power, 
  we do have the sixth best military, 
  `` nato party time '', 
  am i the only one who thinks this is a good thing ? 
  so that 's your plan eh, 
  i 'm calling the colonies as we speak, 
  make every country belong to the uk, 
  that 's going too far surely !!, 
  i fart in your general direction, 
  damn commie !, 
  the new edition : where 's luxembourg ? 
  what a jar of knob, 
  / r/germanproblems, 
  and one world cup, 
  can we afford hong kong yet ? 
  rammstein-ich will https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4k6zxdwi34, 
  they look more like flat scones, 
  cinnamon swirl has to be my favourite . 
  america was communist all along ... it all makes sense now !, 
  privet . 
  france not belgium . 
  thanks france for supplying our tea addiction . 
  or a working romanian . 
  french friends is an oxymoron right ? 
  i like the mini swedish flag, 
  i am pretty sure the rest of russia does n't look so great ... 
  pretty sure france would go on strike, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 'll spark crisis in russia as well when they do n't have food . 
  ukipfog says netherfog is full of immigrantfog, 
  may you fight eternally in valhalla, 
  th\u00e8y could theoretically do both, 
  i think the uk , france and germany alone could take on russia if they increased their budgets slightly . 
  you certainly do n't ... 
  and anschluss ? 
  you mean you do n't like having your anthem about killing the nobles ? 
  german + humour does not compute . . 
  i did n't know the pope wrote for the sun . 
  good idea , i also think we should bring back stoning . 
  what 's the point with such a small number ? 
  oh the us did even less in ww1 did they not ? 
  the us joining did n't change much but the supplies to the soviets from the us helped . 
  ready alfred the great !, 
  i thought it was like a festival to celebrate the metal elements at first, 
  i 'll take a good roast with gravy anyday over a curry . 
  remove viking, 
  where abouts are you from ? 
  * sigh * no one likes us . 
  sorry we did n't mean to offend the big muricans . 
  or crusades propaganda . 
  do you want saladin to invade the hre ? 
  i am afraid of that because i like the uk having an individual culture, 
  it 's impressive that we are ranked so high when you think about the size of our countries compared to the us . 
  i 'd rather not, 
  * unzips *, 
  i mean the united kingdoms of great britain and northern ireland, 
  same with the uk, 
  we never learnt about dresden in our secondary school , do n't generalise please, 
  ( read in dracula accent ) i want to suck your ciggerate, 
  what crazy britain are you looking at ?
