yeah exactly what we need ... everybody going crazy on each other because of this situation . 
  i 'm already sorry for this refugees . 
  when they will be asked to go to poland where there is absolutely nothing awaiting them + winter in some parts of poland is already so depressing for many people who are actually used to it . 
  i bet some of this people will leave very soon . 
   and for clarity might i add that i am mild federationalist myself ? 
  i did n't mean to offend you it 's just that that one sentance did n't feel right at least to me . 
  red & white flag polandball or just what ? 
  oh it 's some strang kind of humor that only fits certain situations i guess ... i just picked it up somewhere and i remember i was laughing so hard after everybody had few shots lol ... glad you liked it , 
  b. . but it 's not so funny when translated to english i thought, 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't get it ... i guess my english ends right here lol, 
  that 's what i was saying no ? 
  are you sure you did n't screw that up ? 
   if the eu can unify and tackle the problem with joint efforts , it can be treated easily as much as i 'd like this to happen i do n't think it will, 
   i 'd argue that talking with children about the social fabric should start much earlier . 
  yeah might do some good i dont think it would change anything though  it sure would benefit the right-wing christians i knew too . 
  is that some kind of a wink ? 
  do n't worry i 'm christian but not the right-wing kind of christian lol this is a very complex discussion ... 
  actually do n't leave your trash behind wherever you are or even better try to aviod trash - try to avoid buying things packed up in plastic , 
   schools need a real , proper discussion of social values and acceptance from a much earlier age . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's not like people woud n't try . 
  how many ministers for intergration , brainstormings and what not did people have over all this this years concerning this issue ? 
  schools will not do the job it 's too much you are demanding . 
  the family is the main source of values for any child . 
   as naive as this is , people here often see eu funds as historical justice , which sets up the mood . 
  never heard of that do n't ever say this here again lol people might actually think this is what polish people think ... 
  it 's not like poland gets eu money cause western european countries are generous . 
  everybody profits from this so there is nothing poland has to be grateful for . 
  i 'm just speechless not because of anti immigration protests in warsaw but because of how fragile the eu is in fact . 
  i mean i was always kinda suspicious but did n't expect this to happen that soon . 
  i think poland should at least try to somehow coorpoarte here . 
  i mean poland can handle a few thousands of refugees i guess and offer them shelter and food . 
  on the other hand there is nothing poland can offer to this people beside of that and from what i understand for most of them this will not be enough . 
   we didnt really play on the spanish match but you did expect spain to beat italy ... wth not a fan of that, 
  spain seems to have ups and downs so far ... maybe they are just too cocky ? 
  they beat turkey badly but lost to italy and got a kinda lucky win against germany ... strange, 
  wow congrats ... latvia stronk !, 
  if your team manages to get top 7th rio is coming sick ... spain : poland starting in 15mins but for us it seems hopeless :(, 
  what the man says after 16:26 is right . 
  it seems that saying this out loud is very hard for german officials . 
  tolarating the intolarant is not just naive it 's simply unacceptable . 
  many of this kids in the beginning probably do n't even know what the word `` verfassung '' ( constitution ) means !, 
  what they learn very early though is that women are unequal to men ... and then the father in the beginning obviously wo n't allow his daughter to go on school trip because he is afraid she might get back pregnent ... 
  is this some kind of provocation or are they actually serious ? 
  lol you seriously trying to say that poland is stealing tractors from uk ? 
  seriously ? 
  your comment gets 44 points ? 
  facepalm, 
  it 's not like we do n't have religious leaders in poland . 
  all they preach is obviously altriusm . 
  we do n't need the pope here . 
  that would not change anything as the issue is far more complex . 
  it 's a silly question to ask . 
   emigrants get around 1k euro if they get to germany not true sorry ... http://www.fluechtlingsinfo-berlin.de/fr/asylblg/leistungssaetze_asylblg_ab_maerz_2015.pdf after arriving in germany a single person who just applied for asylum will have to stay in a `` erstaufnahmeeinrichtung '' ( like a camp for refugees ) . 
  the person recieves 143 $ / months for most basic needs . 
  the process is very complex in germany . 
  a family with 3 children will get around 1k if the asylum application was positive other then that what you 're saying is not true at all . 
  angela merkel grew into the role of the most powerfull woman in the world through the years . 
  when you look at her background you will understand that she was always speaking from her heart . 
  believe me when i say i wish poland 's society was at least trying to achieve what the swedish society did but i fear this country is just not ready for this kind of situation yet . 
  the young people are open minded and forward looking but there is still a long way to go . 
  of course it 's still not an excuse for people who claim to be christians denying help for people who run for they lives . 
  it 's a shame we should know better really . 
  i understand that people demand a fair destribution of refugees in europe . 
  i wish there was more acceptance towards this people who need help . 
  i understand that it 's a very serious situation and the outcome will have a huge influance on europe 's future . 
  on the other hand from what i know the refugees would not stay in poland anyway . 
  also you need to realise poland is not germany . 
  germany has many many years of experience with immigration and they still struggle . 
  we do n't hate to be called east ... never heard about that btw it 's also not just about the refugees . 
  the net avarage income in poland is like 600 $ ... 
  its easy to say the when you know they are not gon na stay in your country anyway ... i bet serbia would act differently otherwise . 
  makes me sad ... what a loss, 
  you have no idea what we have to deal with ... 
  in this instance , the people involved are french romas , probably manouches . 
  french gypsies are french but often live secluded from other other french people . 
  they have troubles with schooling and live in a rather patriarchal society . 
  oh yeah its the definition of gypsies pretty much everywhere no ? 
  that is fucked up ... i 'm christian and even though it 's all cool to get marriaed and divorced 100 times whats the point actually ? 
  '' ... hidden nazigold poci\u0105g in ground ! '', 
  why did they downvote the trailer so badly on yt ? 
  i love it already cant wait !, 
  in china they eat dogs - denmark ( dark comedy ) ; pan 's labyrinth - spain/mexico ( fantasy ) ; la grande bellezza - italy ; funny games - austria ( horror ) ; am\u00e9lie - france ; there are many more i ca n't think of right now, 
  is this real ? 
  looks like some kind of a commedy tv show to me lol, 
  is that the wall hungary build on the border to serbia ? 
  if so do they really expect this to hold off the refugees ? 
  high 5 , 
  yeah i dont get it either did they have people before working in the public sector who did not speak english ? 
  lol, 
  better now ? 
  that might be a little hardcore ... they sleep in tents ? 
  why would you sleep in tents . 
  other then seems like a nice place . . 
  old news ... but yeah still interesting, 
  i thought this was a rational kind of reddit thing no ? 
  i wish i could help somehow but i ca n't i 'm here looking for a job myself . 
  i widh the very best for you it 's all i can do and pls dont thx me lets just leave it like this ... 
  thx for the answer as i said i was just curious , 
  ofcourse it feels wrong ... but there were people who mentioned it !!,
