  there was no team spirit among v4 back then and there is no team spirit among them today as well . 
  they might have been talking about it but its far far from reality . 
   austria would have joined visegrad if it was n't vetoed by hungary 2 years ago never heard about that ... 
   not true . 
  he is currently number # 3 in all of austria since he is the third president of the national council and there is no president at the moment . 
  still even if he becomes president , what would be really ridiculous and probably will not happen considering the current situation , his competence will still be very limited ... 
  i do n't know what he was doing before but he just came up only for this elections so he is kinda a nobody . 
  i know you 're kinda joking as we know this will never happen . 
  whatever fp\u00d6 is doing they are doing it for they own good and it will hopefully not be significant in the end . 
  dealing with orban and kaczynski is one thing but dealing with strache , le pen and wilders is a different beast ... if that happens rip eu ... 
  thing is pis argument is that being economically dependent is not a good thing for poland . 
  just because poland and germany are both eu members while germany is economically superior should not be the reason why germany should enforce its policies on poland . 
  well that 's too much credit for some of the v4 members to be honest . 
  while it was a good thing they opposed the `` everybody come '' policy , hungary was the only v4 member that actually had to deal with immigrants . 
  just saying . 
  stop trolling or go educate yourself thx, 
  a hate crime that is motivated by a political campaign is definitely not something that happens in every country every week . 
  downplaying it is not ok . 
  so are the immigarants actually fighting each other ? 
  are they fighting over the low level jobs ? 
  from what i heard that 's the 18th incident of a hate crime on polish citizens since brexit !, 
  has the hate always been there or is it a result of the leave campaing ? 
  discuss, 
  well just because v4 countries did not agree with the `` refugee welcome '' attitude and the eu quotas does n't mean they are standing on the sideline . 
   orban is a smart guy . 
  he knows when to roast people and say they 're traitors when to kiss hands and hand flowers . 
  it 's almost as if he was a politician . 
  am i the only one who would rather check out the ppl in this paintings then the architecture ? 
  happy people ... 
  can we pls keep up with posts like this on r/europe pls ? 
   people here cared much more about the poles in the uk that were ~ ~ beaten up ~ ~ killed a few days before . 
  ftfy, 
  it is very possible for people who do n't have to pay rent ... most of the time rent consumes a significant part of salaries . 
  well of course it impacts me . 
  i guess people like you are naive . 
  this intends to show poland in a bad light . 
  there are some bloodthursty hyaenas all around just waiting for an opportunity like this to hate on poland . 
  do n't you question why this story got 200uvs and 400 comments while the story about the muslim pregnant woman who got kicked by thugs in spain do n't seem to bother anyone ? 
  funny how when thugs kick a pregnent woman in spain because she is muslim the news get 20 uv and 10 comments . 
  a random fight in poland because somebody was speaking german gets 200 uv and 400 comments . 
  guess why ... but yeah go on keep shitting your own nest . 
  reading this comments and seeing how this story just made it to the fb with so many uv just makes me laugh . 
  i think it 's time to unsub this subreddit . 
  bad bad polacks !, 
  obvious hate crime !, 
  leave eu pls !, 
   supporting is ftfu, 
  tbh i 'm fine with you germans leading us ... i in fact think you are good ppl and are capable of leading us . 
  yes maybe you need to take a step back ? 
  i do n't know but i feel germany/merkel are doing the right thing ... 
   the right to feel safe is a cornerstone of our societies , and nationality should not be a factor of unsafety . 
  please go to poland ... you will be safe . 
  it 's not ok to open borders and invite ppl and then you get thugs who get sick of them and kill them . 
  ue is polish for eu ... unia europejska = european union other then that not just bs, 
  seriously do you think this is fair ? 
  i mean we do n't know if it was a hate crime but it probably was right ? 
  can i as a pole be upset about this pls ? 
  it 's not about who is more fkn xenophobic it 's not a sport . 
  sry i was upset because one of my countryman was killed by fkn thugs ... really i 'm so sry !, 
  oh you mean poland is the only country that has an `` anti-migrant government '' ? 
  what i was saying though is imagine if somebody died in poland because of a hate crime ... i remember few months ago there was some bs about a portugese guy who claimed that he was `` attacked '' ( somebody actually touched him or something ) in poland because of his skin color . 
  people went crazy about that . 
  turned out this story was made up anyway . 
  so this attackers were polish ? 
  because the article says `` possibly '' ... ? 
  oh just imagine the shitstorm if that happened in poland ... 
  that 's a thing in vienna since several years already . 
  all subways run all night at weekends . 
  ok thx i just googled it and it 's right . 
  did n't know . 
  heh did n't hear that yet but i understand . 
  `` they stand behind me '' would translate to `` stehen hinter mir '' in a sense that they support her right ? 
  because i do n't think it works in english . 
  i posted a youtube vid above ... take it with a wink though i do n't really even know if they still produce that tank . 
  unfortunatly i have no decission making competence here . 
  i just read that article you linked few days ago and i was of course joking ... but still good to know you kinda like this buses beside the seating i was not even sure they are being used anywhere . 
  yeah !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvuohbzmqdw actually it even looks like it 's from a c&c game, 
  well that 's like your opinion man . 
  this restaurant owner obviously felt differently for some strange reason ... 
  electric bus , stealth tank or maybe pierogi ? 
  yes this was before `` mentally ill '' townspeople started to blow themself up , run ppl over , shooting and stabbing random ppl all across western europe . 
  as the situation obviously changed the agreements have to be adjusted . 
  i do n't get this msg to be honest . 
  merkel just returned from the meeting with v4 . 
  what have they been talking about there ? 
  merkel : `` you guys need to take refugees '' v4 : `` no ! '', 
  merkel : `` yes everybody needs to help '' v4 : `` no !, 
  absolutely not '' merkel : `` well , we will see '' v4 : `` yes we will see '' this is some circus with benny hill music playing in the background . 
  yeah you as somebody with a turkish flag as flair certainly know a thing or two about this no ? 
  just because a restaurant owner refused to serve some muslim women because an islamist killed his friend in cold blood for no reason doesnt mean europe never changes . 
  if there is a country which never changes and goes full retard just look at your own smartass . 
  is it also discrimination when you 're not allowed to enter a location because of certain dress code ? 
  well i might think what the guys problem is but my self esteem is good enough and i do n't think i would care too much about it . 
  well if he is the owner he can decide who to serve and who not to serve or not ? 
  a friend of mine who was born in vienna got once kicked out of a indian shop in his own city for absolutely no reason . 
  he did not complain or something he just avoided that place from then on . 
   finds a way to get more and more people over one way or another i do n't think people are as interested right now to leave poland to work abroad as they were few years ago . 
  how does it feel being on the dark side ? 
   they can be good or bad , but always beautiful young girls uff yeah that is true,
