  now poland needs to kneel in front of you ? 
  this has been gfoing on for too long ... get lost ... out do your thing . 
  can you explain to me what `` mean income tax per tax payer '' means ? 
  i do n't understand that diagram !, 
  no bad feelings i really do n't get it ... 
   but germany and sweden especially insist on accepting anyone who want to come , most of immigrants are n't genuine refugees . 
  thing is they did n't know better !, 
  they were not prepared . 
  well nobody is perfect.the question right now is do we handle this as a union or do we escalate it even farther ? 
  i do n't know ... i expect the worse ... 
  i do n't know why you guys are leaving ... to me it makes no sense ... but good luck to all of us ... 
  brexit means trade deal though ... brexit = trade deal ... understand ? 
  i guess you have been watching youtube vids too much no ? 
  as a pole i know poland can handle any refugees from wherever they come . 
  watch what has been said before ... you are a victim of anti refugee propaganta and i know you are not like that . 
  we need to find a solution . 
  do n't exept any thug obviously but we need to help people who indeed need help . 
  i do n't want to flood poland with bad ppl but we can definitely welcome ppl who need help . 
  i do n't think it is nonsense . 
  it is about for how long they have been there ... some family might have been living in the uk for 3 years and might want to stay but after brexit they might have to leave the uk ... 
  well considering that alot of ppl from v4 countries work in the uk how is this a bad thing ? 
  + there is no `` trade deal '' yet . . so pls, 
  it 's not only about the meme ... obviously somebody was being funny trying to discredit the polish party that is in charge right now ... guy on the very left is our president andrzej duda . 
  pis is all about christian values so the enemies love to bring this up . 
  paedophilia is something they would make fun about to discredit pis ... sadly this is the political reality right now in poland . 
  both sides would go that far ... very sad but shit like that is just over the top . 
  good it was removed . 
  maybe not ... but still you have to be a next level retard to come up with that kind of meme ... just my opionion though as i said ppl have different standards . 
  not worth discussing really ... i guess different ppl have different standards ... 
  actually i spend way too much time on the net ... make your point but keep that childs face out of this ... absolutely disgusting imo do n't you think ? 
   this is why we tried to persuade you to take at least some refugees . 
  because it would have helped to prevent people from saying that `` the rest of the eu is n't doing anything to assist us '' ( in germany -  social unrest ) . 
  it was never meant to reach large numbers . 
  you could easily have managed a few thousand people . 
  yes i guess that is true . 
  i would be totally ok with this ( even though i 'm polish citizen i live abroud so i need to be careful expressing my opinion as it does not `` really '' matter ) . 
  it might not have solved the problem but at least it would make it look as everybody is trying . 
  as you also said right now it does not matter no more . 
  i feel like poland definitely has to take a step back and show some kind of solidarity . 
  this is too big of a problem already to pretend that if we keep being stubborn it will get any better . 
  it 's all my opinion i only hope our eu/national leaders are smart and farsighted enough to come up with something that will not fuck everything up . 
  how is oxfam calculating this numbers ? 
  sry i tried to find out but seems like it 's too much effort right now . 
  i guess it 's based on the population ? 
  germany has experience with migration . 
  you know how to deal with it . 
  you have a system that works . 
  poland has not . 
  just taking in 500k refugees within a year just for the sake of it will not work in poland . 
  it will cause social unrest and will benefit nobody . 
  this is the most vulgar and idiotic thing i ' v seen on the internet ... wow, 
  you mean because you 're polish we can trust you on this ? 
   everyone in europe hates them that 's not really true . 
  they are not loved/liked by everyone but saying that everybody hates them is way over the top . 
  sure europe is responsible for everything bad in this world right ? 
  we are the fckn devil !, 
  yeah ... it was an article from zeit online i was speaking about not die welt . 
  seriously ? 
  but who was drunk ? 
  r/de says the neo nazis were drunk . 
  ~ ~ die welt ~ ~ zeit online says the refugees were drunk . 
  well just because something is best-selling does n't mean it 's the best quality . 
  i do n't want to fight you though . 
  they definitely do better then the last government which was just a big big disgrace for the country . 
  just read the article : `` but when he appeared alongside poland 's jaroslaw kaczynski last week , he paid his fellow eastern european right-wing ruling party leader the ultimate complement : together they would make perfect partners in crime . '', 
  if they really take the words literally they might also investigate from what stable they actually plan to steal the horses . 
  what kind of bullshit is that ? 
  pretty much every article written by polish journalists in western media are like that . 
  i do n't know maybe after pis got rid of their biased colleagues back in poland they seem to be salty or something . 
  again just look at a map . 
  i do n't need any `` united nations statistics division '' when i can just google a map of europe . 
  if this nations mentioned are eastern europe why are finland and greece not included ? 
  i really could not care less about it but again just looking at a map and i understand . 
  it 's not about being ashamed . 
  the iron curtain , `` former east block '' does not exist anymore . 
  when i read your comments i get the feeling that everybody who would not accept 10 refugees at his own place is a neo nazi so i do n't think your opinion is of any value . 
  and why is there only one piece available ? 
   you say this in every thread critical of hungary 's politics what do we say ? 
  i do n't get what you are trying to say . 
  look at the map of europe and you will realise that they not wrong . 
  the eastern and western europe definition you would like to use is outdated as it is a political definition from the times of iron curtain . 
  funny how those polish `` journalists '' who publish articles for foreign newspapers do n't have anything in common with proper journalism . 
  it 's as if some of threm are on a mission to discredit pis . 
  well i learned that most people here do not . 
  so i can be silly . 
   you can troll about polish . 
    you will not dare do it for some of the nations . 
  - bet ? 
  write someting about it . 
  where ever that thug is from . . catch it and throw it into a meat chopper right after ... nobody will miss it . 
  i would be ok with it if that thug did what the article says ... 
  that motherfucker looks polish ... if it was a hate crime simply throw him into a meat chopper ... actually that guy looks like brock lesner, 
  well that human being was once a child and innocent ... so sad that some ppl turn into fkn monsters . 
  turkish in fact sounds beautiful . 
  i definitely wish i could speak it . 
  of course i do n't want to judge the uk but to me it seems some feelings that always been there just got stronger after the brexit campaign . 
  some people feel like `` we won so let 's enforce what we actually voted for '' . 
  am i really that off saying this ? 
  i hope so . 
  well just because zeman thought it would be cool does n't mean it was a thing .
