  it 's really complicated and i 'm not an expert but you probably kinda know what i 'm trying to say . 
  i understand he would rather use english then german as eu representative because obviously more europeans speak english then german but i do n't think anybody who supports pis would brand him as traitor or nazi if he would use german . 
  i was not trying to discredit him i was just wondering about this for a long time . 
  never heard him speak german . 
  i would say poles are very proud of their history , language and culture . 
  everyday life is a big struggle for many people though . 
  as long as you have a decent job and make good money you might enjoy life but do n't ever get seriously sick without having a bank . 
  many people are just obsessed with money ... 
   he is fluent in german are you sure about that ? 
  i remember when he was first elected as president of the the european council many people were saying that he is fluent in german yet to this day i could not find any prove of that so i assume he might be as fluent in german as he is in dutch , 
  he is really mad ... they do this to demonstrate that it 's them who are in charge in the stadium . 
  the question i asked an other guy who posted this youtube video was `` who are you in this ? '', 
  so i also want to ask the same question this time ... who are you in this ? 
  heh i was not sure about the spelling so i copied the word from the other guy ... 
  those youtube comments might make more sense then this debate and i 'm not even joking ... ca n't help your masochism though ... 
  where are you in this ? 
  can you give examples of the rethoric you are talking about ? 
  beside of saying that the polish goverment will not accept eu quotas there really is no `` rethoric and hostility '' towards refugees from war zones . 
  also hate crimes towards poles in uk after brexit were obviously just minor incidents ... but when a portugese student gets pulled by his hair or whatever the fuck happened there ... it 's an attack on your country right ? 
  if the visegard ppl said it it 's probably wrong ... lets not get too rational with that internet things kappa, 
  do you have any examples ? 
  i 'm just curious ... from my experince the food you get in `` eastern europe '' is way better when it 's about quality of the food . 
  nice write up ... i understand your point . 
  tusk was the right guy at the right time . 
  that 's all he ever was . 
  look up his speeches . 
  i do n't understand what more he ever was then the leader of po in poland ... you did not bring any argumanets towards his reelection so i 'm not yet convinced, 
  he is german-puppet though ... so thats where it comes from :d, 
  can tell the same about your counter argument ... seems like you have no clue what you 're talking about.well what can we do ? 
  thats why i said they supported him at some point right ? 
  well if you think he is the right guy then ok ... i 'm not sure he is cause he seems to be kinda useless imo, 
  that is your biased opinion about pis ... they did support tusk at soem point http://www.polityka.pl/tygodnikpolityka/kraj/1660680,1,rzad-pis-popiera-tuska-w-re-przejaw-dobrej-woli-czy-czysty-pragmatyzm.read look at the things objectively ... tusk migh be a nice guy and everything but imo he is not the right guy to represent us europeans . 
  why should she wear a headscarf when meeting the pope ? 
  `` it is like two oak trees that grow separately , but their roots are fused , grown together in the soil . 
  we are connected by nearly 1,000 years of intense political , economic , and cultural relations . '' not only that ... all the people i met in my life i always felt more connected to the hungarians then any other nationality . 
  it 's definitely not just about relations , i feel we have a very similar mentality ... 
  yeah loved this cartoons . 
  to this day when i have fever i think of this little guys fighting against the virus guys inside my body lol, 
   and they are so antifasicst that see nazi in everyone who does n't like them . 
  haha russians and serbs antifasicst ... maybe i 'm missing the / s, 
  do n't you ever get up at night to pee or grab a snack ? 
  imo the dutch and the crotians were kinda original and funny . 
  oh come on it 's about having fun not about countries ... 
  how many 35 + russian women have you met in your life ? 
  or is it just something you picked up on the internet ? 
  will there be a giveaway ? 
  well elton john likes guys so theres that ... 
  heh watch and learn nasa, 
  right, 
  anti polish propaganda trolls being busy edit : i was just joking ... i admit it was a poor joke, 
  but the love is so strong ... 
  yeah sure ... 
  is it really about my country ? 
  i feel like i 'm special ... 
  not a fan of trump or anything but if i was american i coulnd ' t care less about some random eastern europeans who take it for granted to be protected from aggresison because of political reasons . 
  how time flies :( good opportunity to relisten all the songs now heh, 
  that 's the video they have been playing on tv when i was like 12 ? 
  time when i fell in love for the first time and stuff like that ... when i was dancing with girls ... but the unplugged mtv video i posted is also nice ... 
  i know , i know ... 
  really ? 
  if that 's true ( i do n't believe it yet ) thats like a big fucking trategy for me guys ... 
  looks like the pot is too small ... make the pot bigger so all pigs can eat . 
  neither you or mr verhofstadt have any idea what the ruleof law in poland is ... that 's the sad part about it . 
  you people speak out of your ass . 
  thats how i feel about it . 
  my point was : people do n't vote for pis because of economical reasons . 
  it 's a conflict that goes back to the time when communism went down . 
  it is still the same people who fight for power . 
  some of them profited from it , some did not . 
  those who did not feel like they deserve more . 
  the political `` middle '' that should represent our future does not exist yet or is too weak ... but we are getting there . 
  croatia is heaven !, 
  source : been there like twice, 
  so what do you suggest ? 
  guy is living at the end of the world you can not expect him to understand the meme comment ... 
  this is not why people vote for pis ... 
   a lot of europeans will simply not accept anyone else no matter the effort they do to try and integrate the world is changing so quickly you can not blame people who get confused in the process . 
  europe has changed so dramatically within the last 50/40 even 30 years . 
  nobody has an answer to all the problems . 
  it is human nature to be hostile to `` foreigners '' , it 's not a european only thing . 
  as a foreigner into a new society you have to try way harder then the locals do . 
  you have to work harder and earn their respect maybe even expose them in the end . 
  it is common sense . 
  ( example turkey who a lot of people wo n't accept as a european country no matter the sacrifices or the changes ) . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to say here ... 
  that 's a trategy for all relatives of all the victims ... just so pointless, 
  it 's really not about being polish or a statue . 
  if he was trying to fight the attacker he maybe saved some lives in the end that 's definitely worth mentioning . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/pr%c3%a4sidentschaftswahl_polen_2010_runde_1.svg hehe, 
  yep i edited my comment thx, 
  from what i just read the truck belongs to a polish transport company ... people say it has been hijacked but i have no idea whats going on ... edit : the passanger of the lorry that is dead might have been the polish driver who was the cousin of the owner of the polish company ... maybe killed by the attacker ? 
  but only speculation from my side ... 
  they got the driver of the lorry ... that 's new edit : yeah not confirmed that the person that was caught was the driver ... thx @darkchaplain, 
  at first i thought the tractor is an aircraft carrier and his name is admiral kuznetsov, 
  is n't it kuchci\u0144ski 's duty as the marshal of the sejm to oversee the sejms work and the debates ? 
  the po mp was warned several times but did n't listen . 
  he was up there to provoke an escalation in the first place . 
  you can see it on the faces of his collegues when they shout `` wolne media '' while hearty laughing . 
  they staged a circus . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnoe2kwkap8 thats what happened at sejm ... looks like pure provocation to me .
