  did you even read all the comments or are you just here to troll ? 
  ofcourse you will come up with the nazi thing lol ... do you want me to come up with some shit your country has done ? 
  are you trying to bring this to this kind of level ? 
  and then you are asking what / r/europe has become ? 
  i 'm an immigratnt myself i was not born here . 
  what is your point ? 
  he/she asked for advise right ? 
  imo some of the advise some people gave was usefull and i guess most people do n't even understand why somebody would say ` do n't hate me ' in the first place . 
  i do n't know what your point is ... 
  just out of curiosity what is your religious denomination ? 
  poles do n't go to germany for social benefits ... those who are not able to find work in poland might move to germany or other european contries to get a job . 
  ofcourse they will accept any job and they actually do n't get any social benefits whatsoever . 
  it does not only apply to eastern european countries . 
  a car is also still a symbol of status here in austria and probably everywhere in the world . 
  but being born in poland i also moved to austria with my familiy many years ago and i totally understand what you ' r saying . 
  i sold my car years ago after i didnt need it to get to work anymore . 
  all the money and nerves it cost me ... i only use public transportation nowadays and i love it . 
   not even bad better then just cutting the tree ... at least you romanians have respect for nature , 
  very beautiful !, 
  but why no poland ? 
  yeah very true !, 
  i remember when i was a kid we used to go to a little `` store '' more like a very small kiosk where they had a big barrel of sauerkraut and we got some for free from the employee ... we went there like few times a week even in the morning before school :d nowadays as you say it can get very disgusting they seem to put sugar in it or something . 
  last time i got a pack of sauerkraut from the supermarker i swear i could not finish it ... 
  why ? 
  sauerkraut and `` frankfurter '' or how the germans would call them `` wiener '' seems alright . 
  i must admit though never tried the sauerkraut/white beans mix , 
  it 's always a good deal to buy local products . 
  people really should be aware of that and buy things that are available localy at given time of the year ( but yeah thats a different topic ) . 
  i 'm always doing that and i 'm willing to pay more for local stuff even better if it 's a small farm next to where i live . 
  3,50 $ for a kg of tomatos wow thats alot . 
  they look pretty though hope they taste like real tomatos not like that stuff you get at supermarkets . 
  also love sauerkraut . 
  i love your life  about dishonored : that game is great !, 
  if you care check out stealthgamerbr vids on youtube . 
  yeah thx for the info i 'm curious where this is going . 
  if you do n't care why would you comment on the topic ? 
  just move on and leave the thread to people who do care . 
  also maybe basketbal in poland is not as big as football , volleyball ... but poland has a decent league and some very strong players : marcin gortat is an absolute star in the nba and does alot of work in poland for kids . 
  przemek karnowski is a future nba player with alot of potential . 
  last euro the team played very decent loosing to spain in a game that was close till the very end . 
  we might not have a team as strong as the top nations but definitely on a right path . 
  this is the actual reason ? 
  yeah ignorance pretty much nails it ... i will not try to explain it to you here as it would just take too long but it seems some people are in fact ignorant ... 
   but surely these people must see that religion is destroying their region ? 
  and yet the response is to become even more religious . 
  do you really need an explanation why this is happening ? 
  yeah i love arte ... watching the channel daily since many many years . 
  funny cause i naver had potato salad in poland while it 's like the most common side dish in austria . 
  iihf has 16 teams mate ... and another 6 teams who want to play with them ... of course only na and europe ... eesti definitely belong here ... what happened ? 
  that is sad ... i do n't understand how the czechs can win the olympic gold medal while some other coutries do n't even have a league ... it 's such a great sport !, 
  teach us pls swedes finns czechs slovaks even latvians :d, 
  hmm i dont really see `` mostly russian names '' there . 
  looks like a slavic nordic mix what estonia actually is ... 
   four countries are playing an olympic qualifier , the hungarians , estonians , lithuanians and the poles hoping to move to the next round i 'm kinda surprised we are the favorites among this countries i must say ... would love to see us get rekt 0:10 every game at the olympics :d, 
  too many poles are in the uk but it 's not like all of us are at your place taking your jobs give me a break ... 
   pm of poland - which just adopted a law that harshly leashes free media and gives the leading party a majority in their supreme court your knowledge on this issue is a bad joke i 'd say . 
  when i 'm thinking about euro2012 polish people absolutly loved having the irish fans around ... sure they got drunk but did n't do any harm or trouble, 
  after the handball game with croatia we should not accept any kind of agreements imo, 
  i was not saying that you are retarded but i 'm actually reading german newspapers and it 's ridiciulous how biased they are . 
  the anti pis propaganda is just too much to believe sometimes . 
  regarding economy : ppl should realise that not everybody in poland came out as a winner from the growing economy . . many ppl actually the majority is still poor as shit compared to western europe + around 3mil ppl left the country since 2004 . 
  crazy !, 
  how do you already know what we can and can not afford ? 
  have you been watching too much tvn lately ? 
  i seriously slowly understand why pis is doing what they are doing . 
  vienna austria https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buxggxka6cy this does not belong to me obviously just foung it on yt  the footage only features some of the main buildings in vienna there is much much more to see obviously, 
  i dont know mate ... it just happened , 
  the `` a '' ending indicates a female form . 
  it just means that in all slavic languages the home country is a girl  or better a mother . 
  yeah a shitpost kinda you very right, 
  dude is just being silly about ppl stealing stuff he never possed no ? 
  are you seriously trying to defend this people ? 
  lets give them 100 more years so they can adjust to our values ? 
  yeah we sure will do this dude ... 
   everyone should have at least a pinch of common sense . 
  this is like a basic ability . 
  you seem to be delusional lol, 
  isnt facebook somhow fascist though ? 
  team karolina ftw !, 
  so all the other cities are significantly smaller population wise then tallinn ? 
   warmongering well i do n't know what you have been doing the last few years but the warmongering is long gone . 
  there are wars being fought just next to eu border ... 
  well your propaganda department certainly is doing a good job with the constant glorification of this personality . 
  there is a strong anti eu sentiment to feed which would gladly watch the eu burn . 
  also as russia is one of the main actors in the war in ukraine and syria ( which were of course dominating european news lately ) and putin is her president how could that be ignored ? 
  well yes it should at least be an option . 
  i do n't want they kids to learn polish but they should somehow try to respect out culture . 
  because i knpw they dont ... 
  your education system is on point ... : /, 
  but russia are the bad guys !, 
  are you serious ? 
  yes all you guys learn is cyka blyat and kurwa ... sad, 
  where is `` here '' ? 
  slavic languages need to be main subject in western european schools ... i mean slavs learn english , german , spanish ... westerners do not care about us ... wake up sheeple !, 
  i read this with german accent and its a little cringeworthy :d, 
  give visa to our ppl ... thx obama, 
  mamoriers from childhood who gave a fuck it was soviet era ... 
  ten kurwa zajac, 
  @ 4:40 i 'm here to fuck shit up ... haha, 
  yep had latin too .
