  i even switched from russian to latin which was a big mistake ( thx mum ) as i was far ahead in russain but way behing at latin . 
  it want to learn some french or spanish . 
  if i was younger i would totally get into mandarin or arabic . 
   french i wish i did : /, 
  as a pole i think this woman is some kind of a trouble maker who does not deserve to be heard but well it 's just me, 
  maybe there is something in here i do n't understand ? 
  probably so ... anyway love injected https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-usdxbeghi8, 
  translation to this interview ? 
  i do n't know dutch or french ... 
  well i heard one of them saying `` i 'm vladimir '' he had long hair though ... 
  you people dont understand that if there is anybody you embress by this is yourself dont you ? 
   the smolensk conspiracy bullshit . 
  yeah dont even get me started ... 
  the photos were taken in 2013 ... lets blame pis for it !, 
  is that really udo or is it a cover ? 
  the voice seems to not be his or maybe it 's a strange recording ? 
  that 's unfortunate, 
  fucking for 22.3 minutes really ? 
  respect greece . 
  yes hi !, 
  however , the language barrier remains the biggest obstacle to the access to information from other perspectives . 
  copy pasta kremlin troll ? 
  tldr, 
  well in the end you get a general idea whats going on and i think its very much same what you would get in poland for example ... beside maybe the guy at @ 1:41 in this vid ... in poland ppl would not speak up like that even if very religious . 
   polish scum ? 
   the op believes a person being assaulted because of their nationality is worse than someone being assaulted because of their religion . 
  well sorry if thats how you did interpret my comment but its definitely not what i meant and believe . 
  you should read father when i say that ppl should get thiei shit together and stop being a horde ... 
  well yes because you still have a chioce to believe in something when you dont have a chioce being what you are . 
  i thought when i wrote this it may sound strage but well too late . 
  no need to call the whole r/europe for help doe . 
  i did not read the article that 's why i was asking . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  is this something i should read ? 
  was that guy really killed because of what he believed ? 
  not as bad as being killed for what you actually are but still fuked up . 
  people really need to get their shit together . 
  stp being a fucking horde . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-lptkkpitw `` pharaoh '' polish movie from 1966 which was nominated for the international oscar . 
  actors were poles of course :d, 
  they are already here downvoting this post . 
  yeah like in ukraine where their soldiers accidently ended up on the wrong side of the border during standard military exercise . 
  of course he is not . 
  it was what hitler used as casus belli to invade poland . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28cbwwvsm2m his first sentance was something like `` tonight polish soldiers were shooting on our own territory for the first time . 
  since 5:45 we 're shooting back . '', 
  people sometimes like using that `` since 5:45 we 're shooting back '' saying when they are being sarcastic about the reason for the invasion . 
   russians found out about the us plots about the place do you mean we should invade russia becasue we found out they are financially supporting far right anti eu parties all around europe ? 
   communists/nazis/pis excuse me ? 
  yeah looking back at it i dont know why i got at you ... seems like i did not read that guys post for some reason . 
  no we dont like to beat anybody . 
  maybe the britis do but we poles do n't beat anybody . 
  sry but i 'm not sure if i really want to argue with you . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  be gay , be whatever you want to be !, 
  as long as you dont try to offend others with your ideas you should be ok . nobody will gives a fuck if you are gay in poland . 
  i mean wtf ... 
  here we go again my fellow poles ... they killed few of us due to brexit but oh well shit happens . 
  let us now get back to where it all started . 
  we all only are worth something because of western european money and we should stfu and show solidarity otherwise they will feed us to putin kek, 
  are you trying to be funny ? 
  want some `` brown '' facts from austria ? 
  in poland it 's only fun and games inj austria it 's actually a thing ... brave to speak up with that flare mate, 
  i hope it did, 
  this is so fucked up and unfair and not true ... pls dont come to poland we will definitely physically attack you !, 
  i wonder who is downvoting u ? 
  welcome my turkish overlord , 
   it 's funny how brits hate polish people so much when they are so similar . 
  we are no way similar to the british ... 
  yes pls stay where you are dont ever even think going to poland, 
  amen, 
  hope you will have a good time there . 
  i was born there . 
  it 's not that bad :d but you only do business ? 
  move in move out ? 
  just be sad and desperate and you should be ok in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a, 
  where is head of our king pls ? 
  yeah i meant turkey-eu ... in the long run it would be special if turkey and eu could build a good relationship or even join a union, 
  i 'm jealous ... you guys have such a beautiful country and such rich tradition . 
  wish we can get along in the future . 
  again jealous !!, 
  pls dont get me wrong i really thought so ... it was not meant to offnd u. i thought that vid was realy nice . 
  are you serious now ? 
  is this a video about them or is it an advertisement for turkey ? 
  oh wait silly me really thought it was a video of ppl you know ... sry nevermind :d, 
  hmm mate i was actually serious and curious which girl was turkish and which girl was from iraq ... you need to understand i dont understand your language ... 
  wich one is aicha and which one is fatima ? 
  thats exactly how `` low quality '' this is yes, 
  tthat sums it up pretty well, 
  hmm well that makes sense, 
  anyway it 's not much imo ... you can visit mass on sunday ... have a marriage , christening ... be one of us ... 
  it is rediculous to point out the wealth of `` church '' . 
  do you have any idea how reach the vatican is ? 
  it makes no point to believe that you can fight it ... it is naive . 
   so effective tax i pay is 0.13 % . 
  0.13 % of your net income ? 
  well me too . 
  does n't do any good though . 
  yeah it is not about the `` church '' in the end is it ? 
  the society is rotten from the base and the church is a part of it .
