  i do n't think we deserve that . 
  there are countries that deserve it more to compete with you for that title imo . 
  well i was kinda heartbroken after his last fkn try :( but him a ma\u0142achowski seem to be good buddies . 
  i was really wondering about his behaviour and i do n't believe it 's about endorphins . 
  i mean pls . 
  he did not shook the hand of that zdf reporter then he acts silly during anthem ... strange . 
  mate you seem to talk alot of bs on here . 
  are you trying to actually act like you 're smart ? 
  sry but it 's not working . 
  idiot, 
  and who are you to speak up about who should be in the eu and who should not ? 
  yeah come back when you are sober . 
  this article and some comments in here are ridiculous . 
  notice how they talk about polish soccer fans who did this . 
  i do n't know but sometimes it feels like they really do it on purpose . 
  also that article in polish does not exist and as somebody else here said they talk about photos but do n't have any . 
  where is that polish article from wyborcza.pl that this article is linking to ? 
  it just links to the main page . 
  you 're right many ppl do n't like pis ( often for the wrong reasons and because of bad press ) i was just saying that it 's certainly not because of that +500 program . 
  it 's pretty obvious something needs to be done about the birth rate . 
  it 's a problem most countries in europe have so obviously they all need to do something about it . 
  eu money does build streets so eu trucks can use them . 
  sure it might also have a positive influance on private individuals but it 's not like the eu is responsible for this . 
  well poland does not get bad press in europe because of +500 . 
  it 's the political opponents in poland who dislike it . 
  i do n't think anybody in eu cares about polands parental benefits . 
  thx i obviously did not know about that ... still learning how to find things here . 
  saw that on another subreddit and thought i 'll do it . 
   let 's be sincere : it was mostly invented for internal political purposes . 
  so pis could say `` look dear voters , we 're defending good name of our nation ! '' . 
  beside of the fact that what you say makes no sense in the first place ... let 's be sincere : is n't this what you would say about any decision pis makes ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the americans are going down in bb this year . 
  have you been watching the games ? 
  all they do is pass the ball to one of their stars and iso him lol they physics are what safes them . 
  they suck at bb actually . 
  is it just me or was the performence of european swimmers in rio far worse then it was at former ogs ? 
  i was not checking statistics but it felt like an effort to even find any europeans in some of the finals . 
  hosszu and sj\u00f6str\u00f6m standing out but did european men even win a medal ? 
  slowly puts on suicide belt, 
  exactly !, 
  nothings happend nobody gives a shit . 
  shit happens police did n't work . 
  nice to see they work being appreciated by ppl . 
  funny how some ppl decided to hit the down button : /, 
  yes he also has way more healthpoints then the other guys . 
  erm ... they have machine guns . 
  they were definitely expecting all kind of cowards . 
  now after you said it and after rethinking it yes i get it . 
  i 'm kinda new here thanks for explaining but nl is no way a scandinavian country right ? 
  cause u just said nl . . among ... not right ? 
  i 'm not in poland right now but from what i remember back in the days nobody ever gave a fuck ... wearing a cross all around your chest might not get you into trouble but you will definitely be looked at as a wierdo . 
  why would they be like that about finland always ? 
  you can visit me here in austria ... i admire you you went there . 
  i would like to talk to you ... 
  would like to know more about what you have been doing ... why you went what you got from it ... only if you feel like it ? 
   i would probably look to wearing a necklass with a cross you would probably be the first victim lol ... seriously ... nobody cares about your cross in poland . 
  some ppl might actually get mad when you carry your cross like it 's a trophy and i 'm not even joking . 
  do n't do that . 
  beside of that as you said no need to worry . 
  just take care of yourself . 
  if it gets dark and you see thugs avoid them thats it . 
   you 're just arguing about semantics for the sake of arguing well i 'm ok with your opinion after you actually expressed it . 
  cause i thought you might just hate the people who came for no reason . 
  i 'm sry that thing has a negative effect on your life but pls do at least me a favout and try to welcome this ppl cause they do not deserve to be treated badly . 
  i 'm not trolling . 
  if anybody is trolling then it 's the guy who i rresponded to . 
  anti eu sentiment is not strong in poland . 
  most people do n't care about eu . 
  but poland was always going west it 's the direction we follow it is not being questioned . 
  thats a nice picture you paint for this people . 
  are you actually serious about it or are you joking ? 
  shame on you . 
  no my mom is not `` mine '' yes it 's crazy how language works smartass, 
  that 's it ? 
  you have accidently been born into that city . 
  explain why is `` your '' city poor because it is the host for this event ... ? 
  yeah what you said made no sense at all but thank you for your input . 
  how did you come up with the idea that the city is `` yours '' ? 
  how does belarus deserve such cruelty ? 
  you give work we come ... does not matter where you are, 
  well ok i would probably miss youtube yeah, 
  this things give cancer anyway ... nobody would miss them . 
  also there are far better alternatives . 
  well that would at least acually make sense, 
  nah we need to have at least one article about how terrible poland is evey day . 
  cool . 
  self-praise is not very classy though . 
  they would just fight each other you think ? 
  do you think portugal has more `` good '' people then russia or england ? 
  portugal does not have hooligans who misbahave ... only good ppl ha ? 
  we can share our medals with finland as we have plenty, 
  we have a bright future in athletics !, 
  ewa swoboda , konrad bukowiecki are future stars ... really happy about that result at the european championships . 
  ca n't wait for rio !, 
  russia pretty much demonizes herself with the constant aggresion towards its neighbours . 
  are you trying to tell us that you know better who polands enemies are then the poles themselfe ? 
  i can ensure you , you do n't, 
  this is pure comedy !, 
  thank you for the laugh !,
