   let 's focus on finding a way on how to help immigrants from syria . 
  yeah lets do it !, 
  you start ... 
  hmm but why ? 
   church tax how much do you pay ? 
   pedofilia and exeseive wealth . 
  yeah lets focus on that . 
  becuase there is nothing else to focus on regarding christianity . 
   pro christian is this really so bad in your opinion ? 
   catholic law makers are they really making any laws ? 
   strange but understandable move was made by kaczynski ( leader of pis ) . 
  he voted for opposite ( liberal ) project to `` stop abortion '' to go through as well . 
  but it was done for show , as whole party votes went elsewhere . 
  pls say again because i dont understand, 
  tak ? 
  i heard nirvana stole come as you are song from british band ... also the doors did steal from europe ... how about that ? 
   doctors who refuse to carry out the procedure in such circumstances should be furthermore prosecuted in cases where refusal leads to mother 's death or serious harm . 
  again it should not be about the doctors ... every singly case should be taken care of imo . 
  as i said first of there is something rotten in that society if there are 100k abortions being executed every year . 
  that is just wrong . 
   that 's why 12 weeks on-demand right to abortion needs to be mandatory with further exceptions to the rule in cases where the mother 's life is at risk due to unforeseen circumstances . 
  doctors who refuse to carry out the procedure in such circumstances should be furthermore prosecuted in cases where refusal leads to mother 's death or serious harm . 
  yes i agree with that . 
  this whole debate should not be about politics or about who should be prosecuted though . 
  something is elementary rotten here . 
  we need to check the roots of this problem . 
  to be honest i think every womans decision should be respected and it should not be about how do we punish somebody . 
  sadly from what i understand in poland we are not capable of doing so . 
  if we are not able to find a consent on this matter in our society without lifting it to a political war then we infact are lost . 
  `` according to national health fund data , there were 1,812 abortions in poland in 2014 , about 500 more than a year earlier . 
  the federation for women and family planning , however , estimates the number of terminated pregnancies at around 80,000 per year , and perhaps as many as 200,000 , including illegal procedures and those undergone by poles who travel to other eu countries with more lenient laws , such as the neighboring czech republic . '', 
  200k abortions per year ? 
  that 's crazy is n't it . 
  that was a good fight in that euronews video . 
  sry for what i said before . 
  i should have kept a cool head . 
  as i said it is a delicate matter . 
  being for a complete liberalisation of abortion laws is silly btw . 
  i hope you would at least agree that whatever reason there might be abortion should only be legal within the first 12 weeks of pregnancy right ? 
  it is just rediculous how any debate in poland immediately becomes a political `` mud-wrestling '' . 
  check how people will soon come up with comments that it was in fact the goverments proposal to criminalize abortion . 
  did n't you say that it will be the downfall of pis if this will happen ? 
  also of course pis leaders will rather be `` pro life '' . 
  but this a very delicate matter and should be discussed accordingly . 
  i was not defending my heritage . 
  i was just saying fuck yours . 
  lol yeah you should n't have started drinking alcohol when you were 12 lol, 
  well do you know what it 's like ? 
   do you seriously consider an unborn foetus a child ? 
  just stop disgracing yourself mate ... spreading lies about the government and being completely clueless . 
  wondering why pis won ? 
  well because of ~ ~ donks ~ ~ people like you i guess . 
  edit : should not have said that ... sry, 
  yeah fuck your heritage too, 
  yeah it 's common in poland also . 
  i did n't know it was common in nl ... 
   nederlander gespot he is saying `` dutchman spotted ? '', 
  thinking you might be dutch because it is not common to kiss three times in most countries . 
  just two times mostly . 
  omg too funny, 
  after eu applied sanctions on russia , russia applied an embargo on eu imports . 
  the article is about polands export growing despite the russian embargo . 
  yeah you can . 
   it 's just future easterners that wo n't have the same right . 
  which also will apply to `` future '' brits in eu one might add . 
  ~ ~ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iutryxoidgk~~ the guy is pretty much getting into everybodys face and calling all kind of names ... `` journalist '' what a piece of shit ... if the guy still had hands he would have strangled him there probably . 
  tak, 
  thats what you think, 
  like today ? 
  southpark ? 
  but why ? 
  what ? 
  but why ? 
  yes, 
  this tournament is even bigger then the olympic tournament from what i ' v heard ... most european teams are made up of european league players obviously ... team `` europe '' is made up of european nhl players mainly ... north america team is an u23 team from north america ... 
  sog 35:17 still 0:3 get your shit together usa, 
  i dont understand even one word ... on the other hand i 'm jumping, 
  actually i 'm not sure ... but it made me feel but i 'm drunk so i guess its ok ? 
  seriously you made me cry ... 
  yeah i did not understand what it was about back when i was listening to it ... it 's a sad song but for me it means alot ... 
  our history ? 
  and this song that i like ? 
  beautiful, 
   what do you mean they pay more than they will ever get back ? 
  well often men leave family behind and try to make money abroud and save money to get back to poland and have nice live :d does n't work though because they do shit jobs and in the end they loose their identity , family , everything ... i know this kind of guys . 
  they do not abuse your system : /, 
  no msg just a song that i like ... 
  yeah that 's it they went for money obviously after uk opened the labour market . 
  but it 's not fair to say they do n't contribute to uks social system . 
  they pay more then they will ever get back . 
  that 's why your first diagram is not doing any good . 
  well why are the poles paying less tax then the avarge uk citizen ? 
  i do n't think it is a good thing for them in the long run no ? 
  1 million of them are in the uk doing low wage jobs with no guearentee to get a pension anywhere . 
  ok so how much does an avarge uk citizen pay into the tax system ? 
  because this numbers make no sense imo, 
  eu expansion . . open markets ... remember ? 
  back then uk was part of the deal no ? 
  open labour market ... hmm forgot ? 
  like your companies come over get cheap workers economy growth and shit remember ?
