german punctuation is very confusing , and it has a lot of situations where it 's possible to use a comma but not necessary . 
  i honestly just do it by feel and use commas mainly for emphasis, 
  oh , in that case , i 'm terribly sorry !, 
  the language itself is understandable , but there are some quirks and minor errors like idioms etc. 
  your comment in correct german would look like this : sicher , aber das hier ist das europa-subreddit . 
  i can answer your questions as to what i 've corrected , and i hope you wo n't be dissuaded from continuing your studies !, 
  * p.s. 
  i recommend / r/de for practising your german writing skills with comments and whatnot, 
  das h\u00f6rt sich n\u00e4mlich arg nach google translate an ... is german your mother tongue ? 
  because that sounds awfully much like google translate ... 
  that is an aspect that i never considered in that light . 
  nonetheless , i 'm quite certain that the vast majority of reddit users speaks english , as the site is somewhat confusing for non-english speakers . 
  well , of course you have a big influx of cash from western hamburg emigr\u00e9s living on sylt . 
  that might explain it !, 
  the trams are a clusterfuck , just like every big project in germany right now \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  as if sh was n't strapped for cash enough already !, 
  vattenfall is from sweden ? 
  i thought they were from germany . 
  what kind of hamburger would ever even think about calling the beautiful cow pasture of schleswig-holstein `` hinterland '' ? 
  ah , i did n't know that the war damage was so extensive, 
  i would have thought that it would be richer than the rest of poland because the german industrialization advantage, 
  i meant the area north of it , what is it called ? 
  why is the population density in former silesia so low ? 
  i would have thought those would be more dense than the polish average edit : i suck at sub-state topography . 
  i am talking about the area north of silesia that stretches to the baltic that used to be part of prussia , german empire etc. 
  before ww2, 
  but the demonstrations that do it are , pretty much without exception . 
  but the demonstrations that do it are , pretty much without exception . 
  where in germany are you from ? 
  because the myth of `` external antisemitism '' is certainly not prevalent where i live ( hamburg ) . 
  most people here really are horrified by the crimes the nazis committed, 
  that must be really horrible , especially considering the apathy towards the syrian war in europe, 
  where do you come from originally ? 
  let me tell you : you both have a very valid point . 
  russia was the turning point for the nazi state . 
  after stalingrad , nobody took hitler seriously anymore , and the casualties that russian civilians suffered are so horrible that i sometimes genuinely tear up when reading up on the wehrmachts and ss 's crimes on the eastern front . 
  but she is not being removed !, 
  she has 9 months to find a new place and she will likely win against this in court as this seems a bit unprecedented . 
  a three story house that the city owned was deemed to be useful for a different purpose than generating revenue for the city . 
  this happens every day , and this is not about nation but about suffering . 
  these people are going to get a bunk in that flat and will be able to live a safe life until the war in syria is over . 
  the woman has nine months to find a nice apartment , which is easy in the countryside because the housing market in the german province is in freefall , which you as a foreigner may not know . 
  i am not able to enlighten you about the housing situation in germany because i do n't care for doing so . 
  look at this source in german and tell me whether you 're interested in looking into it further : http://www.wohnungsboerse.net/mietspiegel-mietpreise or do n't tell me because it is boring and shit good night, 
  do n't you know that the elite of our enlightened europe is impeccable and flawless and would never do anything wrong ? 
  a hypothetical example : your house will be demolished in nine months to make way for a giant statue of hitler , you have until then to move out . 
  is that ethnic cleansing ? 
  no , it is simply a different use of space . 
  the reason i am patronising you and ( not ) implying ( but outright stating ) that you 're a racist is because you obviously have no familiarity whatsoever with the housing market and living situation in germany . 
  i understand that , but i also wo n't argue to you that it 's ethnic cleasing when scottish oil millionaires buy houses in london and gentrify the place , thereby displacing the local population , because that is fucking ridiculous . 
  i am pretty sure there has been a concerted effort on part of racist internet groups like stormfront to `` turn '' this subreddit . 
  france and italy as a superstate is an ... interesting thought . 
  a hypothetical slovenia-liechtenstein has a better shot at being a superpower than italy , that place is sooooo dysfunctional . 
  city need flat . 
  town tiny , rent low . 
  even good proud aryan sometimes does n't get lease renewed . 
  boohoo before you ask , yes i am talking to you like i would to a toddler and calling you a racist . 
  i do n't want any misconceptions to get in the way of our communication . 
  their own german citizens only have to move somewhere else in the dirt cheap countryside . 
  she will get a flat that is just as cheap at her current one . 
  why one cancelled flat rent makes the parent commenter into a `` german barbarian '' is beyond me , but thankfully we have laws against threatening or inciting others to do violence , so he ca n't get much more nasty than that . 
  because the city owns the flat and has been ordered to create space for refugees . 
  read the fucking article , they need the flat for other uses and she has half a year to find a different place . 
  half a year . 
  the landlord of a flat has the right to end a contract if he has a legitimate ( not profitable ) use to himself for it , it is the law . 
  funny that people are up in arms about this single case where the flat will go to brown people , but when landlords in neighbourhoods in which the price is rising kick people out for eigenbedarf nobody bats an eyelid . 
  at least here she will easily be able to rent something else cheaply , unlike the people from the cities . 
  because the owner has discretion to not rent to the migrants , which makes planning pretty much impossible for the city . 
  no , the contract has been terminated because the city has found more pressing uses for its assets than generating revenue . 
  if she was turkish or russian ethnicaly , would you be upset ? 
  i 'd wager not, 
  funny thing for a romanian to say , considering the piles of money that have been shoveled there . 
  solidarity with you is good , but solidarity with people fleeing a multi-year war is bad ? 
  that does n't make sense to me . 
  if a landlord terminated her contract ( which is exactly what happened ) , you would n't react that way . 
  she has until march of next year to find a new apartment , and she can fight this in court . 
  her contract wo n't be renewed and lasts till may of next year , * and * she lives in a small town . 
  she will have no problem at all to find a new flat, 
  our building codes are n't really designed for a situation like this , since the war we have n't had to resort to such measures . 
  also politically it would look bad to put these people in `` slums '' when there are empty flats , even though it might be the most pragmatic thing and it is probably very much acceptable for refugees . 
  yeah i would love to have a fighter jet , although not for the guns . 
  it would be baller to have an f-35 and fly supersonic somewhere and then land vertically !, 
  a man can dream ... 
  just because the state owns a lot of enterprises and just hideously fucks with market rates does n't mean it isnt a capitalist country . 
  i just meant that they are not authoritative on the subject of muslim cultural sensitivities and muslim-nonmuslim relations . 
  i agree that i should have been expressing this more clearly . 
  you raise a very good point imo . 
  however , it is imperative that the actual racists and xenophobes do n't hijack the discussion ( something that has been increasingly common all over reddit ) in order to give them a respectable venue in which to spout their bullshit , we should likewise not budge from our european , egalitarian and secular values . 
  naturally , religions and religious violence are societal trends that follow different ebbs and flows around the world . 
  how about we view the relatively recent trend of ever increasing muslim fundamentalist terrorism as a complex socioeconomic phenomenon rather than just reducing it to being a natural conclusion of islam ? 
  while sam harris and dan carlin are certainly popular , they are n't really the brightest stars on the filament of science . 
  have they ever published anything in a peer reviewed journal ? 
  well , europe was much less of a hellhole a hundred years ago !, 
  do n't you know that nationalism and racial hatred is good , whereas religious fundamentalism is the only evil left in the world ? 
  son , tell me truly , has reddit taught you *** nothing ?!, 
  i find this study as shocking as everyone , but the opinions of pakistanis are not necessarily identical with muslim \u00e9migr\u00e9s to europe , north america and europe . 
  further up in the thread , someone posted a poll from a german institute that surveyed german muslims ' opinions , which were much more in line with what one would expect from a citizen of western europe . 
  you can easily compare the radicalisation of european muslim youths by islamist groups with the radicalisation done by neo-nazi groups in parts of germany ( or on reddit 's very own / r/c00ntown ) : in both cases , young people that felt they were left out or had no perspective in life fell prey to the promise of camaraderie and a struggle fora `` just '' cause . 
  it 's just that the neo-nazis do n't have any large-scale insurgencies in foreign lands or effective terrorist groups , and that cultural differences ( normal religious activities might be interpreted as hostile and unduly interfered with by the authorities , making cooperation when identifying actual hostile elements less likely , or hostile activities might not be identified or suspicions not acted upon for fear of the above happening ) can make intervention in the recruitment of new jihadis harder . 
  interesting that you would call * all * ethnically turkish germans `` rampant nationalists '' that are such zealots that they do n't even have a religion , much less take part in other intellectual activities in a thread where we `` take a stand against bigotry '' ...
