  the religion in an doc itself is not especially toxic , but the radical islamism emanating from the saudi-funded imams certainly is . 
  in my eyes , it is prudent to judge these men as inciters of hatred , not specifically as * muslim * inciters of hatred . 
  while it is true that fundamentalism is regrettably widespread in islamic circles , it is not true that every muslim should be judged as a fundamentalist first and fellow citizen second . 
  you apparently do n't get my post . 
  what i was saying is that it is kind of ironic for a pole , someone who likely has `` economic refugees '' in his family to talk shit about the foreigners , especially because the poles experienced a lot of xenophobia in the past . 
  funny thing for a pole to say . 
  if people get their car stolen they say `` it went to poland '' and polish people are notorious for being petty criminals ... -- at least they were in the past . 
  now they are viewed as great handymen and good employees . 
  ai n't that a funny thing about foreign people , that they are basically like you ? 
  mostly because they were not fleeing war and genocide . 
  even the `` gastarbeiter '' from turkey who were specifically chosen to be low-qualified workers as to not threaten the german workforce managed to help with economic growth . 
  how these usually at least decently educated mideasterners would n't be able to do that now is beyond me, 
  eu citizens can go here tomorrow if they want to . 
  if they do n't come on their own , we take the ones that * do * . 
  she only eases the burden on the border states , she is not creating anarchy, 
  in germany we actually do n't . 
  the average age is 45 years , so we really need those syrians . 
  polish handymen are among the best in germany . 
  i always think about what would have happened to the european jews if they had been treated decently when their passports were taken away by the nazis . 
  i suspect many more would have been able to wait out the war in britain or spain ... 
  the people who are performing worst economically are germans who have been very poor for multiple generations , whereas most immigrants exhibit pretty good social mobility . 
  even the uneducated hicks from anatolia that we made gastarbeiter managed to help achieving economic growth , so what do you think the middle-class syrians and afghans will contribute ? 
  i know one thing that is definitely going to help : if you fuck off and go back to stormfront , how about that ? 
  does the netherlands not have the problems with aging and worrying demographic trends that all other european countries have ? 
  because in germany , those refugees/migrants are going to do a lot to offset the pitiful birth rate and overaging . 
  because you ca n't show a hakenkreuz in german national television in most contexts . 
  of course !, 
  it 's the two thirds compromise !, 
  the greek government can do literally everything it wants . 
  however , if it wants to still get lots of money to restructure its debt , it has to agree to the troika . 
  how is that undemocratic ? 
  the greek governments got the debts themselves , they were n't forced to take loans . 
  the troika simply wants to ensure that * its * loans are n't pissed into the wind like the ones greek is almost defaulting on right now obviously were . 
  yeah , it is not like i condemn the people for not wanting their own culture to be diluted or changed or as they may perceive it even bastardized but as someone who lives in a big city with lots of foreigners i think that people with different lifestyles and ethnicities are in general something positive . 
  i like german culture as much as anyone , but culture is made to be changed and adapted , not to be set in stone . 
  btw , if you look at social mobility , the immigrants are almost always much better than the german `` white trash '' at the bottom of the barrel . 
  actually , the ethnically diverse cities are the areas in which xenophobia is least present . 
  backwaters like leipzig in germany , a town with like 1000 muslims in a city of half a million spawn anti-muslim movements and rural cantons in switzerland in which i suspect people have never seen a black person in their life vote against taking in foreigners . 
  different strokes for different folks . 
  nice username btw, 
  that is one of the reasons why i am actually not that happy about the aussetzung der wehrpflicht . 
  i am starting to envision a military like in wwi with a completely detached officer corps and the ranks being enlisted from mostly the lower classes . 
  there really are huge problems with the bundeswehr . 
  call me idealistic , but i do n't want my country to practice gunboat diplomacy or project military power across the seven seas . 
  neither do i support further proliferation of wmds . 
  the last times germany has had access to a powerful military cause immense pain , suffering and destruction and i hope that we as a species will move further away from war as a means of solving disputes over time . 
  i would n't rate the taz that lowly . 
  sure it is politically charged , but the journalism is not much worse than the welt or other springer shit, 
  but the smerch bombardments from the separatists are n't something to sweep under the rug , either . 
  i know it 's clear and i do n't condemn the ukrainians for defending their homeland against what are effectively state-sponsored terrorists , but artillery shells like this kill people regardless of who fired them . 
  the ukraine only sometimes shells civilians , the separatists do so much more regularly . 
  still , this is a very morbid picture imo . 
  the ukrainian defense against the separatists is completely legitimate , but dont act like your side does n't regularly kill civilians with their shelling . 
  personally , i can find quite a few things wrong with this kind of image . 
  the separatists but also the ukrainians are killing civilians every day with their arty . 
  this very shell might have killed an innocent civilian !, 
  while no other force in the world is as horrible as isis right now , i betcha that the reaction would have been different if that had been a separatist writing on a weapon of indiscriminate destruction . 
  the war fucking sucks but looking at the ukrainian fighters through a rose colored lense does n't help one bit . 
  what would you say if someone from the `` people 's republic '' of donetsk said if he wrote `` hi / r/europe '' on a smerch rocket intended for a civilian area ? 
  this conflict has brought out the worst in both sides . 
  providing a stage for this kind of mindless heroism is disgraceful . 
  my grandparents lost their entire livelyhood to the glorious red army when the war ended . 
  they were n't allowed to speak their mother tongue and had to flee the country they lived in . 
  there are quite a lot of people in europe who still remember what the last war brought us . 
  all the more reason to not devolve into mindless slaughter now that we live in more enlightened times . 
  that 's quite true . 
  imagine a world where people are n't punished by death for petty crime !, 
  outrageous i say !, 
  that 's true , i regret picking the name in hindsight . 
  i chose it because i found the man 's pilot score quite impressive and i am an avid player of [ war thunder ] ( / r/warthunder ) , but choosing a propaganda figure of the third reich as your online nick is a little bit iffy to say the least . 
  thanks for the eloquent way you made your point !, 
  consider my opinion changed !, 
  i was merely commenting on the general discussion in this post . 
  the only ones who are at fault for the violence in the videos are clearly those black immigrants . 
  i was merely commenting on the discussion that was playing out in the comments . 
  someone talked about starting a flamethrower business , someone talked about migrants causing racism against white europeans . 
  i think the people in the video are assholes , but the thinly veiled ( or openly displayed ) racism that can sometimes be found in these subs is quite annoying . 
  we can , but someone who has xenoph2 as a username or someone who is talking about starting a flamethrower business is probably not talking about this one incident . 
  criticizing assholes like the ones in the video is fine and dandy , but / r/european seems to be gaining footholds here . 
  and again / r/europe shows how peace with other peoples is fine and dandy as long as they look remotely white but them filthy negroes and sand people are a no-go in our enlightened continent . 
  thang god for res tags . 
  edit : i am showing you one example of the kind of stuff i was talking about : they are not productive and they 're not trying to better their own country . 
  instead they come to the place where they can lead parasitic lives , making others suffer . 
  a lot of them are also infested with hateful and anti-social ideology . 
  is this not hate speech ? 
  i know full well that those black people in the video are at fault for the situation , but that is no reason to devolve into this kind of dehumanizing speech . 
  but poland has an excellent workforce and pretty low prices . 
  i am confident that it will be very competetive with the $ . 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to tell me ... 
  i agree with your point over op 's , but holy fuck are you smug and condescending . 
  knock that off , it looks bad, 
  a dying breed that is able to still get close to 50 % of the popular vote in presidential elections ? 
  that may be true , but only about 5k of those are sufficiently advanced to be of considerable use in a modern battlefield . 
  as i said , one year 's prep time would be the absolute minimum . 
  germany 's bip is more than 50 % larger than russia 's and its industry is very sophisticated . 
  furthermore , those 15k tanks actually have to get to germany in the first place , which makes a 1on1 fight scenario ridiculous - when russia militarizes the baltic and rolls through poland and the czech republic , nato steps in . 
  thankfully , that is not possible in germany . 
  so what you are saying is : if we call it police brutality if the german police does things like beating people up or shooting them full of holes without any real reason , it 's dishonest for people who live in some ghastly police-state shithole . 
  that is some pretty solid reasoning , you get 1 gold star, 
  but they have lot 's of stab because of the annual `` economic growth '' event .
