  in german , it is always die ukraine , so it 's hard for german speakers to call it just ukraine . 
  we also use `` the '' in front of many other countries or regions , so it 's just familiarity . 
  relax . 
  all he 's saying is that is not a real russian invasion , it 's an insurgency with considerable russian support . 
  those are different imo as well . 
  with germany 's industrial base , i 'd actually argue that with about a year of prep time , it would stand a decent chance . 
  of course , there would have to be major expansions of the defense budget , but there would certainly be room for that . 
  of course , the best army , navy and air force all would n't matter because of the damocles ' nuke that hangs over everyones head . 
  nono , they are busy sucking merrily away at the us 's cock . 
  sometimes they pass the time by giving away german company secrets to the nsa , too !, 
  of course , they are far to busy to support germany 's efforts at intelligence gathering , so they might as well be eating and drinking , at least they would provide work for german brewers and butchers then . 
  and why not ? 
  if they lead a productive life afterwards , then what real problem is there ? 
  the thing with punishment is that it should be a means to an end , not the end itself . 
  people who get punished should learn from their mistakes , it does n't make sense for someone who has changed their ways to still be in prison . 
  actually it is not that simple at all . 
  in the real world , the distinction between `` citizens '' and `` animals '' can not really be made , just look at the eagerness to rape and pillage that the german armies had in both world wars . 
  that ca n't simply be explained by them being a different kind of person , it 's just that we are shaped by our surroundings . 
  and if we put all of the islamists in prison now they will emerge more radical and more networked than they were before , thus not having made any real positive difference . 
  you never outright stated it , but the implication was pretty clear . 
  btw you are literally using whataboutism in almost every comment thta you make about police brutality in germany . 
  no , but at least they are n't paid by taxpayer money and were n't trained in handling riots . 
  i apologize for the fb link of a questionable source , but here is a longer cut of the video where you can see that the guy was a little bit confrontational , but clearly not really threatening : https://www.facebook.com/euronews/videos/10153073448988110/, 
  #the eyes !, 
  the owl is * extremely * creepy . 
  oh god i just wrote an endless reply to you and then accidentally deleted it what i was saying was basically that i did n't read the usernames of the people i was replying to and that 's where it all went downhill . 
  i have absolutely no idea who that is . 
  i did n't paint a rosy picture of life in the ussr , i consider a brutal secret police and a repressive state pretty awful . 
  i kinda prefer it to being genocided away by the einsatzgruppen or so though . 
  oooh i am only just seeing my mistake now . 
  you are a different guy than who i replied to at first . 
  that clears a lot of things up , i honestly did n't understand what you were trying to tell me . 
  to adress your original point , now that i finally see that you are two completely different people : the holodomor was a horrible , horrible affair , and i do n't doubt that stalin had a lot of responsibility in it , but it does n't have quite the same quality that the nazis had in mind . 
  i was n't reading anything into anything . 
   nazi plans [ 1 ] if put into effect would have resulted in the genocides and literal enslavement of tens or even hundreds of millions of europeans . 
     literal enslavement of millions   yeah and the soviets thought that part was a good idea tell me what part i misinterpreted . 
  for someone who is apparently trying to debate with me you are quick to resort to accusations when i start to change my mind on the subject . 
  i acknowledged that what i wrote about nazi apologia was stupid , what more do you want ? 
  there is simply no other way to read this comment than you comparing the atrocities of the nazis and the soviets and relativizing the reich 's crimes . 
  i obviously do n't have any experiences with the gulags , but i find it hard to believe that citizens who lived in the ussr even in the most excessive times of stalinism had it worse than the ones under german occupation . 
  the excesses by the soviet autocrats were awful , sure , but what i was taking an issue with was the insinuation that they were just as bad as nazi germany . 
  i did n't say that * you specifically * were a nazi apologist , i said that your comment relativized nazi atrocities . 
  i now see that my edit was out of line , it was not directed against you specifically , but against a small but vocal subset of redditors that love to take out the good old gulag club to just swipe differentiated arguments about the ussr off the table . 
  i am very aware of the horrible conditions in the labor camps , but the soviet version of slavery was downright cozy compared to what the nazis had in mind . 
  this is a comment of you that i can get behind perfectly . 
  if you know it better than me , please by all means show me what you mean by life in the ussr being worse than i think it was , i 'd be interested to know . 
  my only issue was that you essentially said that the ussr `` enslaved and exterminated millions '' just like nazi germany , which is a relativization of the third reich 's crimes . 
  there is a common misconception that the ussr was like a giant prison and that is quite over the top . 
  he said that the soviets thought literal enslavement of millions was a good idea in a reply to someone who said the nazis planned that . 
  so he was the one who started with the historical comparisons . 
  no doubt , there was much repression in the ussr , but it was n't the literal extermination and enslavement of hundreds of millions that he claimed it was . 
  that was what the nazis would have had in store for the slavs . 
  thanks for the reminder . 
  dae communism is the deadliest ideology in history ? 
  relativizing ( already committed or only planned ) nazi atrocities is exactly what he is doing . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungerplan do i really need to say more ? 
  stalin was a fuckhead , but he wanted power , not to annihilate all traces of the slavic race ever existing . 
  i do n't understand how people can call stalin worse than hitler , i mean just look at the mens rea of the two . 
  edit : i love tiger tanks as much as anyone , but i just ca n't * stand * nazi apologia !, 
  it really makes me more angry than it honestly should . 
  even with only their domestic production the soviets were still more mechanized than the wehrmacht . 
  i hate the fact that the ussr is portrayed as a technological backwater , the t-34 for example was like space-age tech in 1941 , even in the end of the war it was still very good compared to the pz.iv . 
  it was absolutely that what lead to the creaming that was unternehmen barbarossa , but at least stalin started listening to his general staff after he looked at german advances . 
  hitler never did that , even when the red army was already in german reich territory . 
  you absolutely can not compare the ludicrous horrors that hitler wanted to inflict on the `` ostgebiete '' to the repressed but relatively free lives that the citizens of the ussr lived . 
  sure , there was secret police and brutality , but it was nothing against the sd or the ss . 
  are you even aware of the truly ludicrous production of war materiel of the ussr ? 
  all of these were constructed mindblowingly more often than their german counterparts . 
  it 's true that lend-lease was a tremendous help to russia but their war machine was incredible regardless . 
  just consider that both the ussr and gb were in total war economy , whereas the us was n't by far . 
  the thing is that quite a lot of the officers working in the bfv have right-wing tendencies or are literal neo-nazis , or at least it appears so . 
  by virtue of being an intelligence service , the bfv is very nebulous and it 's hard to see what is done why , but the circumstantial evidence suggests that the bfv actively tried to help the nsu ( a neonazi terror group ) to evade the police . 
  you 're wrong , it might be `` landesamt f\u00fcr verfassungsschutz '' !, 
   deadliest ideology in history  communism do you even imperialism bro ? 
  on the contrary : the other is only a cluster of cells that one day * will be * a human being , at least that 's my position . 
  my position is that the value of the life of ( early-term ) unborn child is much lower than the value of a human being . 
  this is how i justify easily accessible abortion . 
  at any rate , i suspect that for most women , abortion is a horrible experience that makes them feel very bad and guilty . 
  this is why i do n't think that people will just kill unborn babies left , right and center when they find out they are pregnant . 
  state-sanctioned killing of criminals is something i do not support , for a multitude of reasons : i think murder is wrong even if committed from a `` moral high ground '' and i am doubtful that the justice system can * guarantee absolute 100 % * certainty that the person who is killed is actually guilty . 
  the only fully logical positions would be to oppose both abortion and capital punishment or to support both , both of our opinions on the matter are somewhat flawed . 
  fascinating that you are for the death penalty and against abortion at the same time . 
  well she * is * being paidf for it . 
  europeans are all very much affected by the governments of other european countries . 
  you act like merkels cdu has no effect on poland, 
  that 's just the most idiotic thing i have seen all day . 
  if i was the most virulent diehard catholic whowanted to kill all protestants , gays , heathens , atheists , orthodox christians , adultering women , murderers , what have you , i would still not face any consequences * if i did n't tell anyone to do these abominable things * !, 
  catholics are not discriminated against just because they ca n't say that part of someones nature is a disgusting abomination . 
  btw if he said being russian was an abomination , what would you do ? 
  shitting on a political party is not shitting on a country . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  it was all about how amazing polands success is . 
  i will shit on all political parties in germany all day and without rest , but that does n't mean i do n't like the country ... 
  yes , surely , catholics are discriminated in europe !, 
  it 's not about the value of his life . 
  of course in the role he plays he is important , both because he is a bigger target and because his death would affect the country more than that of a random citizen . 
  also , you do n't need a semi-auto rifle for self defense . 
  a pistol is cheaper and more useful in a small place anyways . 
  he is a far more visible target than you ? 
  there are actually people who want to kill him , unlike you or me,
