  any of these would make a perfect gift :d, 
  miami or amsterdam or in santorini . 
  idk really :p, 
  thanks a lot for the chance man !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  thanks !, 
  gonner - press jump to die edition, 
  would be nice :d, 
  the game i 'd pick ( since i own hollow knight ) is dead cells !, 
  seems a really cool game that i 'd love to play !, 
  [ my 24/7 radio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bsofcfcy88 ), 
  south park : the stick of truth, 
  the masterplan, 
  a fistful of gun, 
  [ track is here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-7ihoxkiv8 ), 
  thanks a lot for the chance , 
  i changed my ipad 's name to titanic . 
  it 's syncing now , 
  thanks for the chance op !, 
  i would like to enter for minecraft : story mode - a telltale games series, 
  i 'll enter for jurassic park , 
  thanks a lot !, 
  thanks a lot for the chance man !, 
  lies, 
  yes :d, 
  kanye west , attack on titan , george r. r. martin, 
  [ trade link ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=100075716&amp;token=psywrhv - ), 
  thanls man !, 
  bucks kobe 24, 
  thanks a lot , 
  both, 
  thanks for the chance opie , 
  thanks a lot for the chance !, 
  war for the overworld, 
  thanks a lot for the chance !, 
  totally legit much wow, 
  such a great player !, 
  fm playes should know , 
  totally !, 
  he plays the whole mid and wing with the proper training !, 
  aww man !, 
  every wonderkid is now taken !, 
  really ? 
  on fm '16 i get like 10-15 goals every season !, 
  that 's something for a midfielder !, 
  did n't buy '17 tbh : /, 
  nba 2k17  thank 's a lot for the chance !, 
  this is just stupid !, 
  nowadays it 's just marketing and teams competing each other on who will pay the most !, 
  next time a london team makes a great signing let 's paint the whole big ben or make the queen name him sir !, 
  when a greek team makes a great signing let 's make a series of statues of the player to put inside parthenon , and when roma does a great signing let 's have the coliseum surronded by a big flag ith his face on it !, 
  pfff get your shit together !, 
  red ? 
  thanks op !, 
  project cars, 
  thanks a lot for the chance mate !, 
  that 's a way to annonuce someone !, 
  :p well played watford !, 
  i 'm sure neymar was a psg fan since the day he was born ~ sarcasm ~, 
  please buy him already !, 
  he is a dangerous player , really skilled ( the one that shined to me tbh when i watched some bruges ' matches ) , you 'll do us a favour since we play them for europa league play-offs , 
  that 's the main concearn !, 
  if it was on a free channel they could broadcast as many of them as they wished but now it 's like paying to watch new subway deals , or some insurance , at&t 's nationwide 4g and shit, 
  we 'll see on field . 
  just a question . 
  how did you feel about the draw ? 
  i mean , are you bruges ' fans happy about playing against aek or maybe a little concerned about the outcome ? 
  you mean that 3-4-3 ? 
  i watched you guys against eupean ( if i spell it correctly ) and although you have an offence someone can depend on , on the defence ? 
  not so much . 
  tht 's the feeling i got anyway . 
  our fans were kinda happy we have to play with you . 
  not that you 're an easy to go team bu we avoided milan and shit !, 
  talk to me about injuries haha !, 
  we lost one of our cf just a couple days ago due to injury and yesterday a cb ( we have plenty of them no worries ) . 
  damn boy do n't be so confident !, 
  we play as underdogs so we have nothing to lose , 
  oh my bad !, 
  good luck, 
  this is just fucked up !, 
  teams are spending a carzy shit tone of money and uefa sits doing nothing !, 
  there should be limitations and not that ffp joke . 
  jacqueline goehner is top !, 
  thanks a lot for the chance !, 
  hope they will get a better replacemnet so they can send us ( aek ) araujo . 
  he wants it , we want it let 's do it !, 
  cortex command, 
  thanks a lot op !, 
  thanks for the chance !, 
  thanks for giving us the props . 
  to be honest i was kinda scared of you guys , but you did n't make a classic chance in 2 matches and seem like you did n't even have a plan . 
  your defense was broken in attend especially palacios . 
  also , that comment from vossen ? 
  really classless mate really classless . 
  hope you get back in your feet soon , 
  we draw milan , rijeka and austria wien in group . 
  we have quite the chances to proceed as 2nd :d, 
  still no leak and i 'm just sitting here , refreshing : / by the old gods and the new , the drown and god of light may blessing fall upon us, 
  tell me you know here name ? 
  or a scene maybe ?
