finally got my keys !, 
  i think that the only thing they could do is delete game from our accounts or just dont give a sh!t . 
  . not even a lose for steam, 
  thanks for the quick answer !, 
  i thought the same but had to ask !, 
  enjoy x-mass, 
  and now phlly has no coach and no players ( thanks chip for this ! ), 
  hope they ' re into the next draft already, 
  yt seems to be good . 
  tried torrenting but there where n't any peers you know !, 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  im kinda new to the game ( 2 yrs now ) and i need some history lessons lol, 
  so many different possibilities with those different teams . 
  i 'd say that nyg or tb are the most intriguing among other teams . 
  nyg have eli and a nice o-line and tb have winston , who showed a great potential . 
  thanks !, 
  awesome quality !!, 
  i think i like the black white vamp ally . 
  i might give it a shot !, 
  paid him 21 mil . $ for like what ? 
  22 carries ? 
  lol ... let 's see if we 're gon na regret this trade in 2016 !, 
  well we got about 2h left for the actuall ppv . 
  until then official yt will host pre-show . 
  right ? 
  is the ga worldwide ? 
  left a comment do n't know tho ... :3, 
  lol last time i checked i ai n't living in a `` cut out from the rest of the world '' island !, 
  u da mvp :'(, 
  it 's all greek after all :p, 
  can you add a new era cap ? 
  i 'd buy it for them !, 
  any wrestler gets a hero 's welcome in india !, 
  :p they act like crazy tho !, 
  remember bret hart in japan ? 
  if he gets released , he starts new yt show and gets people chanting his name again !, 
  problem solved :p, 
  the roadblock match was dope af !, 
  could n't aggree more !, 
  wwe afraids to let loose it 's older heavy guns . 
  that 's why i think this will take long time to watch !, 
  just did !, 
  no wonder why there is no eagles player !, 
  :( we would rock the bottom tho !, 
  it 's something , right ??? 
  ( aaaaaand i 'm gon na cry now ... ), 
  he 'll probabply suplex some moe guys , until dana white ask him to go back and fight some mediocre guy , just to sell brock 's name ? 
  am i close ? 
  someone 's mom for sure, 
  act stupid . 
  i cant stand stupidity !, 
  did n't say hunt is mediocre . 
  altough he is getting older . 
  some years ago he was a beast  bottom line , i hate watching part-timers on the main events !, 
  aaaaaand it 's now stuck on my head !, 
  thanks bro :p, 
  transformers iii was just a big lenovo ad . 
  made me wan na punch the screen . 
  also , all the desepticons being mercedes ( reference to germany-nazi ? ), 
  grrrr i hate movies with so obvious ads . 
  did n't watch t4 . 
  already had enough with previous 3 . 
  fucking germans ofc !, 
  why do you even ask ? 
  hmmmm finlly ? 
  not a broncos fan but , von is a broncos guy !, 
  good job pas giannina on your first ever appearance in a european competition !, 
  coud easily be a set for lotr movie !, 
  would love to be there !, 
  wow !, 
  as a student geologist i really find this an earthporn, 
  worst possible senario would be having nicolas cage in it . 
  if there is no nc it 's gon na be fine ^ ^, 
  i t i s r e a l l y d i f f i c u l t to r e a d t h o s e, 
  started playing mtg while dot was released , my 1st booster which was inside the intro pack i bought had dragonlord atarka . 
  did n't knew it 's value then , so traded it for a bunch of other cards while seeking for quanity over quality :(, 
  do n't think so . 
  cgi would cost a fortune . 
  would be epic though !, 
  hehehehe !, 
  i 'd give away my fetchlands to see him as jace !, 
  good one bro !, 
  i wish you the best !, 
  have a great life together !, 
  omg !, 
  great view !, 
  i 'm planning visiting iceland in early 2017 . hope ill have the chance to be there, 
  fun fact : i 'm in alexandroupoli right now !, 
  game of thrones . 
  eveyone dies !, 
  played pokemon go/didn ' t find ratata !, 
  pretty much anything involving history imo . 
  you must never read history written from your people , about your people . 
  most of them are one - sided . 
  enough for my grandchildren to live as kings !, 
  i loled !, 
  nice one !, 
  i loled !, 
  nice one !, 
  i loled !,
