not surprising really , fifa are hardly a bastion of moral and politically ethical behaviour . 
  they have n't gotten sick of british tourists yet , or are better at dealing with it than others . 
  the spanish , perfectly understandably , have gotten sick of brits in spain taking over entire communities and their attitudes towards you often show it . 
  thankfully it has n't gotten that bad in turkey yet , and the people there are fantastic ; so happy and cheerful and polite . 
  do you really want to risk it ? 
  deep down i think we 'd vote to stay , but maybe that 's just wishful thinking , because it would be close , and i do n't want to have to leave the country . 
  anywhere alone . 
  depends on where they work in shipping . 
  i ca n't imagine the immingham shipping lot would consider it bigger :p ultimately though like anything it 's based on how you measure it . 
  immingham wins on tonnage , felixstowe wins on lane metres . 
  partially . 
  yes , oil and gas do come in to immingham for the refineries here , but the bulk of it is freight cargo going out of the immingham dock , which is n't actually connected to the oil/gas jetties . 
  the port is actually in immingham , not grimsby . 
  grimsby has a port but it 's a shadow of its former self , with the actual freight going out of the separate dock at immingham , just up the coast . 
  see my response to / u/h33i0 further up in this chain for more details . 
  they used immingham because that 's where the port actually is . 
  yes , grimsby has a port that used to be biggest in the world for fish decades ago , but all grimsby has now is the car transporter terminals . 
  the actual freight cargo going to sweden , norway , denmark , germany and the netherlands , amongst other places , go out of the separate dock at immingham . 
  there 's also a huge coal terminal here as well . 
  bbc show coast did a section on the dock the other week . 
  immingham is actually the largest port for freight , based on tonnage , in the uk . 
  the polish workers who sold him the polish vodka from that shitty corner shop paying less than minimum wage that i 'm sure he would gladly have worked in had the immigrant not been there !, 
  if you do n't already have a world class football infrastructure built and ready to go . 
  is n't that generally how appeasement works ? 
  we should give them what they want in case they kick off making things worse , in the hopes they just stop eventually . 
  but does n't evidence suggest that having a gun , even if it 's just for home protection , increase the chances of you being killed , because it immediately escalates the situation . 
  rather than the person attacking/robbing you just doing the job and moving on , they 'll see you have a gun and it becomes kill or be killed . 
   seems he just does n't give a fuck either way . 
  as long as he 's not involved in any of the ` gayness ' he does n't mind . 
  while rather crude , i think this pretty much sums up the british attitude towards anything , not just lgbt rights . 
  `` do what you want just leave me out of it . '', 
  kind of attitude . 
  so how would i know if a dutch person genuinely wanted me over for dinner ? 
  is there a formality here where you ask if they want to stay to be polite and they 're expected to say no ? 
   always thank the bus driver when you get off . 
  as in always . 
  seriously , a `` thanks '' or `` cheers '' is needed , you will be looked down upon . 
   respond to the question `` how are you ? '', 
  with nothing more detailed than `` alright , you ? '', 
  `` not bad '' , `` the usual '' , `` same old same old '' or variations thereof are also acceptable . 
  the important thing is that they 're not genuinely asking how you are , it 's a formality to start the conversation . 
  only exception is if you sit in the old people/disabled seats at the front , but then it 's your own fault for sitting there . 
  the uk constitution is almost entirely written , it 's just not remotely codified . 
  the rules are there , written down in every passing off a bill into a law , with every important piece of case law/precedent . 
  it 's only really old bits of common law that are n't written down . 
  surely only to the extent that germany did n't exist at the time ? 
  the language comes from what is now parts of germany . 
  i kind of agree . 
  i always disliked french or german in school because i never really saw them as being beneficial . 
  when you 're that age , you generally go with the attitude of `` well everyone in europe speaks english anyway '' , which to a greater extent is true . 
  i 'd have perhaps put more effort in if i thought doing it would be beneficial , such as learning chinese or arabic or something . 
  edit : spelling . 
  there 's no chance that he 'll get a constitutional amendment just so he can run for president . 
  opels and bmws are shipped out of germany through cuxhaven , not hamburg . 
  europe has no strict limit though , there are multiple definitions . 
  the most common is that europe extends to the urals , so a big chunk of russia , including nearly all of its major cities , are in europe . 
  england does n't technically have it 's own national anthem , we use god save the queen which is the * de facto * british national anthem . 
  land of hope and glory , as well as jerusalem are both used before swing low sweet chariot . 
  swing low sweet chariot is actually a song written by slaves in america . 
  growing up watching the f1 in the late 90s when schumacher was coming in to his prime and then in the early 2000s , i will always love the italian national anthem , always played for ferrari when schumacher won ( after the german one for him ) . 
  it was used as the victory theme when you won a game as the spetznas in call of duty 4 , it will always remind me of that . 
  do n't kid your self thinking this was anything other than political . 
  i like to take that list at face value , so we invented agriculture , clock making , computing , engineering , food , medicine and science !, 
  as a resident of the grimsby area ... we do n't mention the cod wars . 
  i think that 's partly it , yes , though he 'd have to confirm . 
  that sounds not too dissimilar to what we have in the uk . 
  after completion of gcses ( age 16 ) you have two choices for further education . 
  you can either take the academic route and study for your a-levels for 2 years which will set your up for university , or you can study vocational subjects that range from healthcare , childcare and beauty courses through to welding , electricians qualifications and joinery/carpentry . 
  most people are choosing to study a-levels and go to university because this is what secondary schools push for due to schools being ranked nationally and locally similarly to universities , based on grades students get . 
  because of this most students wish to go to university because it 's seen as more prestigious when , like in denmark , many would be better off studying something else . 
  the uk recently put it 's university fees up to # 9k a year though so in a few years i 'd be interested to see if that has had any affect on the balance between students going to university and students studing vocational subjects . 
  ethnic russians are descended from swedes . 
  the rus people were varangians ( vikings ) from sweden who settled in what is now belarus/russia . 
  well if that flavour of bland gets too boring there 's always shredded wheat . 
  at least we offer varieties of bland . 
  correlation = / = causation . 
  what about minted lamb ribs ? 
  what 's going on in southwest spain ? 
  did there used to be a big bay there or something ? 
  edit : oh shit , apparently so . 
  it was called lacus ligustinus by the romans and you could pretty much [ sail to seville ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xy9aihf.png ) . 
  i 'd give my first born to ensure may was n't elected again . 
  i despise her on the same level as blair . 
  theresa may is frightening . 
  her attitudes towards censorship and individual liberties are truly scary . 
  she 's also a massive cunt , in the full sense of the word . 
  same , working saturday-tuesday . 
  bank holiday weekend here as well which makes it worse . 
  it 's still a standard british dish . 
  not as internationally recognised as fish and chips , but still a staple of british cuisine . 
  heck , you 'll struggle to find a pub that does food other than a roast dinner on a sunday because it 's that popular . 
  you should make your own curry , they 're really easy . 
  use a tin of chopped tomatoes as the base , add in curry powder of your strength , garam masala , turmeric , garlic , onion powder to taste , some diced onions and mushrooms and thicken with tomato puree . 
  from that base sauce you can then start messing around with other ingredients like cinnamon , chillies and other things . 
  definitely a lot better than a store bought one . 
  what about a sunday roast ? 
  ( lamb/pork/beef / chicken with all the veg , roasters , yorkies and mash you can eat , followed by falling asleep to last of the summer wine ) . 
  at the very least you should be having one this afternoon or this evening . 
  your meat should already be cooking !, 
  edit : accidentally a word .
