you were on the wrong side of all important wars in history i can think of , how could we like you ? 
  you know that piece of sand that slid off you thousands of years ago ? 
  yeah that 's literally hell on earth now . 
  only country i 'd give my life for , other then sweden . 
  while it is very unforgiving in the event of a disaster , it 's still the safest method of electricity production we have : http://nextbigfuture.com/2008/03/deaths-per-twh-for-all-energy-sources.html, 
  this might be too late , but everyone rushing to say that nuclear `` is so dangerous '' : http://nextbigfuture.com/2008/03/deaths-per-twh-for-all-energy-sources.html deaths per tw/h for nuclear : 0.04 deaths per tw/h for windpower 0.15, 
  and a ihdi of 0.702 . 
  how 's swedens economy stagnating ? 
  we have among the highest growths of europe . 
  a nuclear power plant doesnt need mountains , though . 
  or you can be sweden and have both economic growth and reduced co2 emmisions !, 
  sweden-finland head to head record : [ 43 wins for sweden , 15 draws and 17 wins for finland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_men%27s_national_ice_hockey_team#all-time_team_record ) floorball worldchampionship wins for sweden : [ 8/10 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/floorball_world_championships ) whatsup, 
  and if they changed their flag . 
  jokes aside , swedish roads are in general much better than the norwegian ones . 
   treated each other terribly stockholm blodbad never 5get, 
  let us not forget that we always win in football and hockey , the only two sports that counts . 
  ( outside of floorball and bandy . ), 
   you asked every man you know ? 
  no i did n't literarily ask every single man i know . 
  i talked with those who are close to me ( still well over 30 people ) . 
  yeez, 
  i do n't know , if the alternative is saddam in power for 20 more years i think it 's worth taking a shot . 
   we 've seen it over and over again that certain ( cough muslim cough ) countries tend to form equally repressive theocracies once freed from repressive secular autocracies . 
  you 've got religious strife , clan allegiances , corruption , all these variables that play against democratic reform . 
  add in that the population is n't even that gung-ho about democracy and you have a recipe for disaster . 
  well yeah , it did n't exactly turn out well , but for all we know present day germany could be a nazi hellhole without the marshall plan and that 's what i 'd like for the middleast aswell . 
   are you sure about that ? 
  did you ask them ? 
  yes . 
   sweden is a us ally , during the cold war it had an agreement with the united states that the united states would assist sweden militarily against soviet aggression and in exchange sweden would assist with the positioning of us submarines off its coast and to develop capabilities useful to the overall nato strategy . 
  it was something of a shadow nato member , officially neutral but entirely on the side of nato in the event of war . 
  this is what i hate the most in the swedish debate right now . 
  we say that we 're going to assists countries that get attacked but we do n't want to formalise it and we do n't want them to be required to do the same thing back to us . 
   such as invading and throwing iraq into chaos , leading to the creation of the is and fucking up syria in the process . 
  not that i normally disagree with finns here but , deposing of saddam was the right thing to do . 
  yeah this is what i find to be the wierdest thing about the answers . 
  if you do n't think your country should help a nato-ally should they be attacked do you then also want to leave nato ? 
  and we will , god forbid , should the russians come . 
  i read a survey from the 1990 's where they asked the same question and something like 90 % of all males in sweden answered that they were willing to fight for their country in the event of war , and to throw an anecdote in there every man i know for sure would be willing to die for their country . 
  that 's so fascinating !, 
  the country with the least need for help , should they be attacked , is the one that 's the most for helping others should they be attacked . 
  when are the belgian gon na let go of brussels for real ? 
  but we would n't be a dick without our best buds finland , 
   well yes , they can choose to support someone else , in a way that gives them some power i suppose . 
  but i think we can both agree that they 'd never be able to accomplish something on their own , as no one else would support whatever policy they propose ? 
  they basically lack any leverage as most important decisions are agreed upon without them anyway . 
  this is true for now , however , as it is now they have the power to decide everything that the government and the opposition does n't agree on . 
  and everything can change . 
   perhaps we 're just stuck on technicalities here . 
  in my point of view they do n't have more `` real power '' than f !, 
  as they can not get any of their core policies to pass . 
  compare them to v , who are also in opposition but are still a very big influence on swedish politics . 
  with a majority government the opposition does n't have a chance to pass their policies but i doubt people would think they lack power . 
  ( going to assume you 're swedish )  well , the definition of power is ability to do or act ; capability of doing or accomplishing something , and as of d\u00d6 , sd are not able to accomplish anything . 
  hence , they lack power . 
  [ but just today they used their power by supporting the oppositions proclamation instead of the governments . 
  you 're always welcome to join the nordic club if ruk does n't treat you well , scotland :\\ ^ ), 
  i have n't downvoted you , what makes you think that ? 
  but to add to the discussion , i think it 's far more likely that sweden will push towards a `` humanitarian '' solution than what 's in the talks right now , for good or bad ( it 's bad ) . 
  i think the eu should create a unitary bordercontrol authority that 's made to specifically controll eu borders , i.e. 
  airports , ports and landborders , aswell as doing the aussie thing of not letting anyone that come illegally to europe to be eligible for residence permit . 
   and no , you have more asylum seeker , you do n't have illegam immigration . 
  while our ammounts might not be as high , we most certainly have a considerable ammount of illegals . 
  thank you for including that link in your response , i sure needed that !, 
  anyways the truth is that even with d\u00d6 they possess real power while a party without parliamentary presence most certainly do n't . 
  no f !, 
  completely lacks power outside of their media presence , sd have over 35 voting mps . 
  well it 's not that either of us should be first , it 's that we 're going to do it together , 
  that 's true , however they have no real power except for the media , and sd 's gains are more than twice of f !, 
  's gains . 
  no , but all of the parties that uses feminism as a major selling point lost voters unlike the parties that did n't . 
   since the government proudly classifies itself as `` feminist '' , i guess this is all the rage in swede politics now ? 
  any party suspect of not being `` feminist '' does n't get the votes ? 
  the only party to gain a significant ammount of votes last election clearly stated that they were n't feminists , just for equality . 
  it 's incredible when the sweden democrats are by far much more rational than our left parties . . 
  i 'm not staying after graduating if this goes through , not that i think it will . 
  it would , but we seriously need to up our defence spendings before we join nato . 
  this is my biggest disappointment with our current defence policy , we 're not just leaving our own safety to chance but also countries which we have a significant historical , cultural and economic ties with . 
  there 's nothing that would be more embarassing for me than russia gaining control of estonia and finland because of our greed and naive polycies . 
   sweden does have pretty good air force and navy . 
  it 's just their regular army that 's way too small to be able to put up believable resistance . 
  it 's creating a power vacuum in the area . 
  i hope they will do something to that in the future . 
  our navy and airforce is extremely underfunded however , the pilots for example gets very little airtime and our navy is in grave need of more personnel ( not even a financial issue , there 's just too few that joins the armed forces and even fewer that ends up in the navy ) . 
   as a finn i would love if we joined nato , especially if sweden did the same . 
  it would bring a lot of stability to the baltic sea . 
  agree , but it 's something that has to be done together , either we 're both in or we 're both out . 
  while this is true , all parties in the riksdag except for the greens and the left agree that our approach to nato has to be coordinated with finland , if either of us joins the other will aswell . 
  same goes for the opposite , we 're not going to join if you wont . 
  the alliance have been very clear on this but the socialdemocrats ( current largest government party ) are even more insistant on it . 
  true honorary nordics . 
  question is when they 're joining the eu ? 
   implying we do n't carry them in everything else ( i love you finland , you 're our brothers forever and always . ), 
  how are they ( sfp ) viewed by finns ? 
  how large percentage of swedish speaking finns vote for them ? 
  have n't they like been in all goverments since finnish independence ? 
  ( genuine question ), 
   it was intended as a temporary measure for one generation and suppose to `` stabilize '' the population at 700 million ( which at the time was a sufficiently close to argue whether it destroy an big part or not ) . 
  even with the one child policy for a number of years the fertility rate was above 2.7 yes i know , you do n't have to write to me as if i was 10 years old . 
  [ icc definition  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide#international_law )  ... any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : ( a ) killing members of the group ; ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group .
