  where ( d ) could be argued by some , not me , to be what a one-child policy does . 
   if it was called the no child policy it would be ( think of the jews in egypt ) . 
  you do know that populations will decline if you 're having less than ~ 2.1 childs/women ? 
  but turkey has zero interest in settling this in a court outside of their direct control , just like the us only gives the icj jurisdiction on a case by case basis . 
  did you notice the sane part ? 
  i most definetly do not classify someone who thinks americans today have to apologize for mistakes made some 100 years earlier . 
   remember - relocating people , sending them to front or making prisoners work in `` no man 's land '' is not considered genocide ( again , that 's from the croatia vs serbia and serbia vs croatia lawsuit ) i , too , have access to wikipedia . 
  china 's one child policy could also be considered genocide . 
   well , like i said ... international court definition of genocide is very specific and extremely hard to prove . 
  it goes beyond ethnic cleansing . 
  i do n't know why do n't armenians sue turkey and see what happens ... with what court ? 
  the icj ? 
  in most cases when genocide is the indectment is genocide there 's been specific courts set up and if there 's no court for it both parts would have to agree to have the case reviewed by the icj . 
   well the people who are quote end quote religious dont identify with a certain religion so you cant mark our country blue . 
  i think in a lot of sweden you 'll see that christianity is the plurality , and then it 'd make sense to mark those areas as blue . 
   they are agnostic ( ish ) they say they belive in a god but not which god etc. 
  but they 're not agnostic . 
  they are most likely [ spiritual but not religious ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spiritual_but_not_religious ) but if you are just that you ca n't be agnostic . 
  if you believe in a diety , you ca n't at the same time be unsure if you believe wether or not it exists . 
   since this was done by yugoslavian army , serbia was not found responsible ( so is turkey really responsible for what ottoman empire did ? ) . 
  i doubt anyone sane thinks present-day turkey is responsible and/or guilty for the armenian genocide , however to say that the deliberate killings of armenians ( and greeks , assyrians ... ) was n't a genocide is crazy for me . 
  it 's like that ss member that now stands to trial . 
  he probably wo n't get any punishment because he 's 91 , but for the relatives that feel he was a part of killing their loved ones it 's a great retribution nonetheless . 
   most people in my country ( sweden ) are atheists or agnostics . 
   they may belive in an all powerfull entity but it isnt defined by a certain religion . 
  you ca n't be both of those though . 
  you could be irreligious and the second but you ca n't be atheist and believe in a powerful , spiritual entity . . 
  what in [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_transition_to_democracy#political_role_of_juan_carlos_i ) article is wrong then ? 
  is it because of corruption or what ? 
  i 'd be pretty grateful towards the man that made my country a democracy ... 
  not since 1974 , before that he had significantly more `` power '' . 
  i suppose , but i 'm afraid that they 'll use this as an argument for not increasing any more . 
   when really they should blame their own . 
  i think that most rational liberals and conservatives in sweden do this , my friends and i most certainly do . 
  a bigger problem for me is that currently i think that fp are the biggest proponents of increased defence spending but they still does n't even want to get close to the nato obligation of 2 % , so there 's no party for me to vote for . 
   plus you pay soldiers more than most and yet the reason that we do n't have more soldier lies in that we do n't get enough recruits because the pay is too low . 
  no that was our current commander in chief that was being investigated for it . 
  at best we 're safe for now , but with how russia is acting there 's no way that we can think that it 'll be fine in 10 years time . 
  true , but this is far from enough . 
  sverker g\u00f6ransson , commander in chief , said that they needed atleast twice of what this agreement gives in order to achieve what we call `` enveckas f\u00f6rsvaret '' . 
  that is that we can defend a small part ( read : stockholm ) of sweden for a week . 
  pretty much all knowledgeable defence bloggers and thinkers say that this is far from enough and that our politicians are trying to decieve us into thinking that we 're all safe . 
  well i think it 's prett skechy how we do it , just because there is a loophole does n't mean we should be using it . 
  ( or anyone else for that matter . ), 
   also i think that gothenburg is much better than stockholm ... 
  unpopular opinions pls, 
   budapest is becoming nicer every month . 
  was on a vacation there some years ago , loved it , but that 's nice . 
  yes , had over 80 km to closest high school so i got 1500sek from my municipality and an additional 1000sek from the state , which mostly payed for my rent , food and leisure . 
  the rest i got from working in the summers and my parents . 
  agreed , but i 'd also like to see the regional differences within countries because i know that in inland norrland a lot of people move away from home before they turn 18 . 
  ( i moved out at 15 ), 
  it 's not even that , it 's decreasing levels of innovation and entrepreneurship that threatens us . 
  you 're welcome back anytime finland . 
  yes i know ... 
  i meant that woodrow wilson did n't want to burden the losing states and do what happened after wwii instead , and what downvote ? 
   that is what happens when you are in the losing side of a world war . 
  more like what happens when the us president does n't get what he wants after a world war . 
  they know that we 're going to recolonise the world so that 's why . 
  irish politicians are fucking geniuses , having so low corporate taxes that every american company registers their eu offices there . 
   * not really declining , but in our perverse interpretation of growth , growing more slowly practically is the same as a decline especially when you take into account that they had present day china-level growths before their economic crisis in the 90 's and [ the lost decade ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lost_decade_%28japan%29 ) ( actually more than two decades ... ), 
  you ca n't charge the ships ? 
  what ? 
  i get that you 're forced to let civilian ships through but you shold definetly be allowed to take a fee from commercial ships . 
  most popular to play ? 
  floorball . 
  most popular to watch ? 
  hockey . 
  i 've read it somewhere but ca n't find it anywhere , but i found for the whole population ( definetly not lower than for natives atleast ) : http://www.scb.se/sv_/hitta-statistik/statistik-efter-amne/befolkning/befolkningsframskrivningar/befolkningsframskrivningar/14498/14505/aktuell-befolkningsprognos/sveriges-framtida-befolkning-20132060/273434/# about 1.9 child/woman , same as the rest of europe . 
  why then are our ferility rates for natives the same as the rest of northern europe ? 
  while making it possible for women to work and start a family is very important it 's not the whole solution . 
  the problem persists in countries with good economic situations too . 
  the previous/current government , sweden democrats and venture capital companies . 
  in that order . 
  someone in the us dod had to pick it up after the usmc !, 
  true , a lot of nations have serious issues when it comes to human rights and sri lanka might be one of them . 
  even before i hit save on my comment i understood how black and white it portrayed the world , it 's just that i wanted to get a discussion going when it comes to who we 're giving taxpayer money to . 
  i do agree that the police force should represent the people , but does 25 % of the dutch population have foreign origins ? 
   well it takes time to change peoples views to be fair . 
  agreed , it 's just that i think some things have to be in place before we start handing out aid . 
  it 's not only the western world that lives in the 21st century , the whole globe does . 
  what i 'm proposing is that we set up rules for governments that wants to get aid , if they do n't follow the rules they do n't get any aid . 
  we do n't subsidise companies unless we 're getting something out of it , why should we give money to backwards countries without guarantees of them improving ? 
  still , i 'd rather have my development aid go to governments that respect human rights and support human rights groups . 
  i think the nationalists of norway considers iceland legit norwegian clay, 
  woah , take it easy , i know that most red countries are in the west but that doesnt change what i said . . 
   the swedes of course , they ca n't be trusted . 
  is that because we can understand eachother ? 
  hey !, 
  do n't you touch him !, 
  i agree with you but , how could you not realize that russia today is owned by russia ? 
  honestly , if you asked nicely and everyone was in on it , why would they say no ? 
  sure , but i 'd rather spend my aid money on sri lanka , south africa , liberia ( ? ), 
  and the latin american nations than on the green coloured ones . 
  also , papua new guinea , burundi , malawi , the oceanic nations are definetly not rich countries either , yet they 've come further than india , china , russia , belarus and malaysia ? 
  i think this map should be the basis on aid decisions , all red countries are eligible to recieve aid from the west and the rest can go fuck themselves . 
  i think they can chose ` abstain ' as an option when voting while ` did not vote ' is exactly that , they did n't vote . 
   and the girls are cuter there is no difference . . 
  same here i think , i 've liked visiting austria a lot !, 
   and potentially denmark and sweden i think you have to realise that we 're not doing anything unless our brothers in the east is with us .
