  the mission was to take on isis actually but without boots on the ground . 
  that seems to be impossible to me , there has to be boots on the ground , us , russian or assad , but somebody has to go in . 
  my conclusion is that you are either full of shit , or you have actual intelligence sources . 
  dgse or drm ? 
   yes and no . 
  it 's the bit they can prove . 
  caesar ( a former employee of one of those sites ) used the civil war to defect in the ambiant chaos ( and probably because he was shocked by barrel bombings of civilian neighborhoods as collective punishment , i think ) , which is why they got pictures & inside info of this area during this time . 
  that 's the problem with the report his identity is classified , for obvious reason i know , his life is in danger , but it means that at least for me , having no access to classified information as a civilian , that makes the report untrustworthy . 
   errrrh . 
  actually it suspiciously looked like the saddam or staline era terror from what i heard ; probably because the system was built by afez al assad ( bashar 's father ) with soviet help & by recruiting ex nazis & kgb interrogators & similar personnal after wwii ( stuff like that : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2863568/from-hitler-assad-one-world-s-wanted-nazis-secretly-employed-syria-agent-terror.html ) . 
  if saddam did it , the assad regime probably did it too ( with or without the complicity of bashar ) . 
  well i told you my experience with totalitarian regimens , granted yugoslavia was never really totalitarian to the full . 
  you could go abroad , you could listen to `` imperialist '' music , there is a reason for a huge amount of yugonostalgia among the ex-yugoslav countries . 
  i do know that alois brunner worked for syria ( although daily mail is n't the best source , there 's an article on wikipedia ) , but that 's nothing out of the norm , intelligence agencies across the world employed ex gestapo members , usually for similar purposes . 
  assad is far from perfect , but syria is a clusterfuck and if the democrats won would probably end up like iraq . 
  assad is a dictator , has a secret police , tortures people , but he is probably the fastest way to peace ( notice how i did n't say best ) , because that same secret police is the best tool for keeping extremists like isis and al nusra under control . 
  this is more than a civil war , this is a proxy war between russia and the us . 
  where russia wants to keep an ally in place , and us wants isis to take him down so they can come in and clean up the mess . 
   we 're not talking about soldiers going rampant who commited war crimes here . 
  we 're talking about a dozen `` blacksites '' country wide , where suspected dissidents that made a joke about the president are disappeared by the local kgb-trained secret police , and where their family follow them frequently a few weeks laters . 
  it 's an organized system a la gulag . 
  if you ever heard about the infamous tadmur prison ( the one that got air striked during the fall of tadmur/palmyra ) , you will probably understand what i 'm talking about . 
  the source you linked for the caesar report says  `` the systematic killing of more than 11,000 detainees by the syrian government in one region during the syrian civil war over a two and half year period from march 2011 to august 2013 '' meaning it has to do with the civil war , i highly doubt it that assad started cracking down on people telling jokes in midst of a war . 
  it is a pre-war event but then it has nothing to do with the caesar report . 
  and in my experience having come from a country that used to be a totalitarian regime that had a political prison , people never got jailed for jokes , people got jailed for being nationalists or stalinists i.e. 
  dissidents , but never because of jokes . 
   right now i think a cease fire between the saa & fsa & forcing the gov to close it 's secret prisons would probably be the best option to end the massacre . 
  hopefully there will be a ceasefire . 
   hiding , most of the time . 
  what brave men , letting their women and children get hide and get killed while they 're fleeing for europe . 
   if you have a strong stomach , look for the so called `` caesar report '' : http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-28554845  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_syrian_detainee_report  http://www.wsj.com/articles/10-000-bodies-inside-syrian-president-bashar-al-assads-crackdown-1406315472  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/20/evidence-industrial-scale-killing-syria-war-crimes probably true , even though all sources are us aligned . 
  but even then who are the people killed , they most likely are captured isis , al nusra or fsa members . 
  problem with fighting an irregular army is that all the enemies are technically civilians since they wear no uniforms . 
  in regards to the previous statement ,  the facts in it are generally admitted even by the pro gov syrians as far as i know , their argument being `` he 's a lesser evil '' . 
  this was missing before the edit  i 'm sorry but that statement is one of the most idiotic i heard . 
  the fsa is not al nusra . 
  however , they were definitely hijacked and pushed aside and are in a very weak position . 
  they do n't control much nowadays in the north ( half the political power in idlib , bits held by the first coastal , bits in aleppo ; and a lot more in the south with the southern front but it 's on the other hand of the country . ), 
  if fsa is not al nusra or isis then the 20 year old men can fight for the fsa . 
   they ca n't even provide them with regular food ... 
  source ? 
   a lot of men are doing the risky travel to get their family to go behind them by plane . 
  it 's a calculated risk both ways . 
  and what happens to their women and children in syria while they 're gone . 
   oh yeah , for who ? 
  bashar al assad ( aka the official gov ) who runs concentration camps ? 
  source ? 
  daesh ( you might have heard of them as `` isis '' , or `` the ones who behead & burns people alive '' ) ? 
  the fsa that got it 's arse handed everywhere that is n't idlib ( and even then ) or the southern front ? 
  the fsa is al nusra and isis . 
  i know the situation in syria , and i 'm fairly certain that the legitimate government of syria will take any men capable of going to war and provide them with necessary equipment . 
  so they should fight for assad . 
   no , but we were talking about poland so i was talking about it . 
  i could do the same by replacing all reference of poland with ones to croatia . 
  i pay taxes for everything i earn . 
   well then , how about you pay more taxes to your gov so they rebuild croatia a bit better , if you have so much money lying around ? 
  i do n't have money lying around , and i pay my taxes . 
  and because i pay my taxes i get the benefits in return . 
  see that 's how it works . 
   for the economic immigrants , yes , we should turn them around . 
  for syria proper , uh . 
  uhhhh . 
  not always : http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2012/10/mideast-syria_horo-61.jpg it 's one of the hardest warzones on earth right now . 
  even the ngo do avoid it now . 
  80 % of immigrants are men around 20 years of age . 
  those people are capable of fighting and should fight . 
  the same sights could be seen in my country 20-25 years ago https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0d/croatian_war_1991_vukovar_destruction.jpg https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/castle_eltz_vukovar4.jpg we did n't run away we fought and because of that we have a country now . 
  but i am not polish and have no relation to poland , i give nothing to poland and in return i get nothing from poland . 
   money is also already spent on all that , in the dozens of billions a year . 
  and more money would be better . 
   so how about we do n't remove the basic food out of the mouth of thousands of people just because `` it would be better for the few people that live in such and such street if it means the alsphate relayered 1 month earlier '' ? 
  what basic food , they have food in their own countries . 
  what right do they have to ask from the poles or from any other country . 
  if they want food let them get it in their own countries . 
  how does one relate to the other . 
  you were saying how money will go back into the polish economy . 
  it would go into the polish economy either way . 
  and it would be better for poles if the money was spent on polish people and their needs , not the immigrants . 
  your argument was and still is bullshit . 
  and oligarchs not paying taxes has nothing to do with a country refusing immigrants . 
   you remind me of the oligarchs that refuse to pay back taxes to society after pocketing countless billions , `` because it 's theft/muh money/i would spend it better than the state '' . 
  well the money is polish and they are a state , so the do know how to spend it best as you yourself said , which means that it should n't be spent on immigrants . 
   wake up . 
  i 'm not sleeping as you can tell i 'm writing on reddit . 
   a few millions or dozen millions of good will is pennies on a state budget . 
  and why should they spend it on immigrants , when it could be better spent on poles . 
   the issue is less economic and more social ( integration of so many people at once is difficult ) . 
  the issue is economic since poland has much less money than france for example . 
  if you want to help them you take them . 
  as the other person said , the border with bosnia is too huge to fence . 
  the fence is too ineffective for the cost , land mines on the other hand might be a viable solution but there is that whole thing called the ottawa treaty . 
  you 're saying how the money will be spent on the polish economy helping the immigrants , but that same money can be spent on polish economy helping the polish . 
  that 's why it 's the parable of the broken window . 
  your argument how it 's good for the polish economy is bullshit , it would be better spent on poland without the immigrants . 
  the money which is going back to the polish economy for refugees can also go back into polish economy building new roads , hospitals buying school books , etc. 
  india has icbms , it 's the agni-v it 's in service . 
  they 're developing ballistic missile nuclear submarines with the help from russia , i think they only lack strategic bombers to have a full triad . 
  china has both submarines and icbms , but i 'm not sure about strategic bombers . 
  they 're also building a blue water navy for power projection and challenging the us for influence on the pacific so they 're getting more powerful . 
  the biggest problem for the both of them is that they still depend on russia for technological advances .
