  and i ca n't pay a private company for armed security because the state has monopoly on police too . 
  that 's what i 'm against . 
  the state has a monopoly because it has earnt it . 
  it won it in the free market of international existence by being the most powerful organization in the area . 
  and you can protect yourself , you can pay a company , it 's just that the same way you can use violence the state will do it too . 
  you kill somebody the state does the same to you . 
  the state is a product of the free market you 're proposing . 
  original human existence before civilization was completely free and it has resulted in the modern states . 
  because they 're the most evolutionary adept organizations they wield the power to annihilate all other opposition . 
  if you want to get rid of a state you can move to antarctica , or become an anarcho-terrorist . 
  feel free to do both , but the reason you 're complaining against the state is because you know it has won already . 
   or i could stay to fight against it . 
  like we did against the roman empire before that , then the kings and the church and now the state . 
  we 'll get rid of that too eventually , we 've already got rid of it in many parts of the economy and life in general . 
  but what will you replace it with , if not another state . 
  or do you want to live in an anarchic society ? 
   and this does n't sound horrible to you ? 
  like totally anti-freedom ? 
  it is not anti-freedom you are free to live outside the law in antarctica , the unclaimed part that is . 
  and it is not horrible , it is beautiful , you get protections for responsibilities . 
  you have to pay taxes , do the military service when asked of , respect the laws , and in return you are protected by the police , by the army , by the courts , provided with social services and various other benefits . 
   us has some kind of private healthcare but not totally and it 's not a free market . 
  first , the poor and the old are on public healthcare called medicaid and medicare , that 's 30 % of the population living on public healthcare . 
  the 70 % that remains is private but it 's not a free market , each state has a couple of private healthcare companies you can pick from and they share a near duopoly per state , there is no competition or free market to drive price down , then there is a lot of regulation that blocks innovation and prevents price decrease . 
  for example , laser eye surgery is one of the only sector where there is little regulation and high competition , guess what happened , price went down 10 times since it came to market . 
  so the invisible hand will in your opinion take care of everything . 
  the explain to me why did the us government destroy standard oil , because standard oil was the product of free market , and also why did the governments destroy ig farben , they too were the product of the free market . 
   well if you believe indoctrinating people is a good thing , i guess we really do not share the same values ... 
  i guess you 're against education . 
  the morals you have , the beliefs you hold , even the ones against indoctrination have been indoctrinated into you . 
  by your parents , your teachers , your relatives , your friends and acquaintances . 
   no , that 's why it 's called universal declaration of human rights . 
  these countries signed this declaration . 
  signed means nothing if there is no institution to enforce it , and there is no such an institution . 
  nobody can punish a state for not enforcing human rights , that 's why i said they exist only within the confines of a state . 
  the universal declaration of human rights might have a meaning the fairy and unicorn land , but in the real world it has no meaning at all . 
   what social contract ? 
  i never signed such contract . 
  reminds me of the christians who said we should all adore jesus because he saved us . 
  sorry but i never asked to be saved and i do n't even think he ever did , same for social contract . 
  if you did n't sign it then you are a thief since you 're enjoying all of its benefits . 
  you 're enjoying the protections it gives you are you not ? 
  the police protect you and your property , the army protects you , you get organized road maintenance , etc ? 
  and you did sign it , it is signed on birth when you get citizenship . 
  or are you stateless ? 
   well actually i support being able to opt-out of that too . 
  you can , you just have to move to a no mans land , i hear antarctica is nice this time of year . 
  citizenship is a contract which bounds you from birth to death , it give you rights and responsibilities . 
   it 's private in switzerland and no one is dying on the streets , in fact people live longer there and are richer too . 
  plus , private companies are in charge of selling food too which is a crucial task just like health and this works out ok . 
  there is nothing wrong with making a profit , this is how free market capitalism works and has lifted billions of people out of poverty these past 100 years . 
  i know people in northern europe are brainwashed to believe it 's an evil system and that the state is here to protect us but i think it 's the opposite . 
  i do n't know about switzerland , so i ca n't comment . 
  i know that countries like us with private healthcare usually result in people bankrupting themselves if they get sick . 
  something which is much rarer in europe . 
   they are not , they are just playing by the rules . 
  this is how every social welfare system ends up , and by the way , non-immigrant swedes use it this way too , it 's not just evil brown people . 
  of course they do , they should be indoctrinated so they do n't or removed from the system . 
  and there is a lot less swedes abusing the system than there are immigrants . 
  at least swedes belong in it being natives of the country , the immigrants do n't . 
   so the system is completely fine as long as you do n't respect human rights ( freedom of movement , mobility rights ) , sounds like maybe , just maybe , there 's something wrong with it . 
  i mean , people are ok with letting children rot on the beach like animals to protect their holy welfare systems . 
  this is just disgusting , how many thousands of people will have to die to protect this criminal system ? 
  there is a problem here rights do n't exist outside of the confines of the state . 
  there is no right to life , freedom of movement etc. 
  you have rights because you have citizenship , which means you are bound by social contract to certain obligations in return the state guarantees certain protections . 
  if there is no state to enforce their rights , the rights are n't there . 
  if i want to move to china and they refuse to give me a visa where is my freedom of movement ? 
  the system services europeans fine . 
  and none of them had to die , they chose to die by trying to arrive to europe . 
  if they want a better state they can build it in their own country . 
   yes it is . 
  people should be free to opt out . 
  i do n't see reason for it . 
  there are plenty of things that you are n't able to opt out the whole concept of state organized anything means no opting out . 
  you ca n't opt out of having a citizenship or having to register for the army . 
   this could be handle by private insurance and be opt-in . 
  you could keep the public insurance if you want to but it should be opt-in too . 
   again , something private insurance could do just fine , for people responsible to opt into it . 
  no it could n't because private companies operate for profit , which results in them not wanting to help people but trying to scam them in any way possible as to increase the profit . 
  plus everyone wo n't be covered which is the whole concept of social welfare . 
   this would n't happen with private insurance . 
  nobody is abusing the system , this is how it 's supposed to work . 
  i hope you enjoy it . 
  they are abusing the system since system is based on trust . 
  trust that you will try to exit it as soon as possible , find work if capable . 
  and people who are incapable of working due to medical problems will be covered by the social welfare . 
  the system is completely fine as long as you do n't take in immigrants . 
  see the solution is simple , they stay in the middle east , we get to keep social welfare . 
  but social welfare is n't a problem now is it , at least it is n't a problem without immigration . 
  social welfare is a great thing , you 've lost your job , the company went under , you 're sick , etc. 
  the state provides you with a safety net until you recover . 
  problem is when you get people who are maladjusted to the social welfare society and instead of using it as a limited safety net from which you will try to get as fast away as possible , they abuse the system because they do n't want to work . 
  nope , that 's not how it works , saudi arabia is not jus soli , at least not complete jus soli . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saudi_arabian_nationality_law#by_birth ) :  children born to foreigners do not have right to citizenship , especially if not muslim . 
  for one i 'm referring to the independence war . 
  as for the ww2 , usta\u0161e and partisans . 
  most partisans were croatians , the [ first partisan detachment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sisak_people%27s_liberation_partisan_detachment ) in sisak was croatian , tito was mostly croatian ( had a slovenian grandmother , rest were croatian ) . 
  in 1944 croatians made up 60,4 % of partisans , throughout the war 61 % were croatians and 28 % serbian , which makes you a dirty liar because you claimed this  ... yugoslav partisans , most of which were serbs , ... [ source ] ( https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/narodnooslobodila%c4%8dki_pokret_u_hrvatskoj#doprinos ) also the serbian nationalist organization the chetniks also collaborated with the nazis . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks#axis_collaboration ) anyway austrians have no [ moral high ground ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/bundesarchiv_bild_146-1985-083-10%2c_anschluss_%c3%96sterreich%2c_wien.jpg ) to talk about collaboration with the nazis .
