  people knock this because you need icbm-sized missiles ( and so icbm-cost missiles ) in order to take out icbms at the distances we 're talking , but the gmd has always been pitched as `` at least two interceptor missiles per icbm '' ( look-shoot-shoot-look ) . 
  gmd as of june 2014 had 53 % effectiveness . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ground-based_midcourse_defense#flight_tests ) the reason gmd is shat on is because it does n't do what its supposed to do . 
  of course anti-icbm missile will cost more than icbms , but a modern icbm like the rs-24 carries mirvs with additional decoys . 
  and gmd has to intercept every single one of them and not just 53 % . 
  eventually gmd will probably be operational but it would be a lot easier if they used nuclear tipped interceptors and not kinetic kill vehicles . 
  but even then there is a price problem , because if the enemy icbm carries 10 warheads you need 10 interceptors for 1 icbm , and as you said they cost the same . 
   the warmed-over topol-m that is the rs-24 is not particularly more dangerous than other icbms of the past . 
  the main benefit to them is they are easier to hide rather than putting them in silos , or even submarines , making them more survivable to first strikes . 
  tels have existed since first topols probably even earlier they 're nothing new . 
  but the rs-24 is a new missile , it is a mirv unlike topol-m . 
  the biggest similarity that the rs-24 and topol-m have is the tel. 
  dealing with resistance is easy , just commit genocide . 
  guerrillas depend on local population for support , no local population no guerrillas . 
  ask the british , they came up with the concept of concentration camps to fight the boer guerrillas . 
  problem is sm-3 missiles do fuck all against icbms , they can only intercept srbms-irbms . 
  ( first sentence on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rim-161_standard_missile_3 ) ) only systems so far that had any effectiveness against icbms are nike zeus and a-135 . 
  both used/use nuclear warheads on their interceptors and even then they would do squat against a modern icbm like rs-24 . 
  you said that they ca n't be ignored and i have given proof how they can be ignored . 
  i am not advocating anything i 'm just trying to prove that the concept of human rights is flawed . 
  the reason why it is flawed is because it is unenforceable . 
  stealing is an intrastate crime and the state can enforce the laws . 
  human rights laws apply to states not to individuals , and because of that are unenforceable . 
  there is no higher body than a state , and if a country has an army and an economy big enough it can do what it pleases and wo n't be punished for it . 
  if you look at the violations i listed , the british were n't punished for the concentration camps in south africa , neither has north korea been punished , nor the soviets . 
  it is because nobody can do anything to punish them and so they are free to do what they please . 
  slavery is n't objectively a problem , objectively slave labour built the biggest and most important civilizations in history . 
  rome , persia , babylon . 
  reason why slavery is dead in the west is n't because it 's wrong , it 's because uneducated slaves make shitty workers in an industrialized society . 
  morally slavery is a problem , but this is the real world we 're living in , morals do n't matter . 
  moral civilizations have short lifespans and barely make the footnotes of history . 
   a country can not ignore them . 
  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prisons_in_north_korea * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_boer_war#concentration_camps_.281900.e2.80.931902.29 * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuskegee_syphilis_experiment * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cambodian_genocide * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rwandan_genocide look at that human rights being ignored , and most of the people who committed these human rights violations have n't been punished . 
  well the reason for the change from a communist club into a nationalist club is easy to explain . 
  the population of split during the 1940s consisted largely of fetivi ( split natives ) , who were and still are largely left-wing oriented , while today fetivi are dying out and the population mostly consists of vlaji ( people from the dalmatian hinterlands ) who are usually right-wing oriented . 
  are you troll or do you have comprehension problems . 
  incest is required to get a population that 's genetically uniform . 
  you ca n't breed humans and knock out their genes , it is immoral and it is impractical because human lifespans and gestation periods are too long . 
  and if you allowed testing on prisoners you would entice the system to hand out death penalty more readily because it would increase the supply of test subjects . 
  because the russian intelligence apparatus is n't retarded , they did it to [ the us ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/active_measures ) . 
  they know the danger that non-government entities pose . 
  non-government entities [ won russians the vietnam war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/active_measures#supporting_political_movements ) ( first two lines ) . 
  well considering that the russian border is controlled by the fsb , they 're probably a lot more successful at border control . 
  at least you know they 're willing to use all and any methods necessary to do their jobs . 
  croatia taking in croatians as refugees is completely different from croatia taking in central africans as refugees . 
  hell if we took in german , italian or russian refugees it would cause problems and they 're a lot more culturally similar to us than africans . 
  but then again this might give rise to nationalism and far-right movements in the country , so something good might come out of it . 
  yep kgb financed the environmental movements , anti-nuclear movements , peace movements . 
  they called it [ active measures ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/active_measures ) . 
  they really were amazing at subversion active measures won them the vietnam war . 
  originally the soviets thought that space shuttle would be used for nuclear bombardment from orbit which could n't be intercepted . 
  it did have the capabilities . 
  in addition to the financial problems the other reason why the buran was cancelled is that they had no use for it other than military . 
  `` we had no civilian tasks for buran and the military ones were no longer needed . 
  it was originally designed as a military system for weapon delivery , maybe even nuclear weapons . 
  the american shuttle also has military uses . '', 
  - oleg kotov , russian cosmonaut ( [ source ] ( http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn20664-cosmonaut-soviet-space-shuttle-was-safer-than-nasas.html#.vt_luohxny0 ) ), 
  do you know the presidents of swiss cantons ? 
  any ? 
  how about governors of russian oblasts , or heads of republics within russia ? 
  there is a huge difference between knowing the external government of a country compared to its internal structure and various subdivisions . 
  for somebody outside the us , the us is represented by its federal government . 
  germany does n't interact with texas or wyoming it interacts with the us , same way the us does n't interact with astrakhan or orenburg it interacts with the russian federation . 
  it does n't matter if it 's possible , it only matter that the leaders think it 's possible , and that kind of thinking existed during the cold war and that is scary . 
  slbms , because of the the constraints of being launched from a submarine limit range , speed and carrying capacity compared to icbms , are actually easier to protect against , they only ensure second strike capability . 
  so an effective missile shield will still undermine mad but as i said the abm treaty dissolution is a done thing , so there is no point discussing abm systems , they will happen . 
  i still do n't get how not having explosives makes them defensive . 
  the s-300 , s-400 , s-500 , patriot , thaad , and nato missile shield are all technically defensive . 
  none can be used to attack targets at least not using them . 
  their offensive character comes from the ability to deny airspace during an advance for the s-300 and the s-400 ; and the offensive character of the s-500 and the nato missile shield is that it enables russia and us respectively to try and wage a winnable nuclear war . 
  i probably misunderstood what you where trying to say when you brought up operation paperclip i think we agree on most things just from different perspectives . 
    the space program required 3 different countries   required is a big word . 
  it certainly made things easier , but it is n't as if a icbm/space program would be doa without operation paperclip ( and the soviet version of it ) . 
  next time you might want to read the full sentence , nazi germany is clearly mentioned as one of key countries in the development of spaceflight . 
  nazi germany spend a lot of resources to develop the first ballistic rockets . 
  and i see no private entity that developed space capabilities without piggybacking on military tech . 
   comms , mapping , weather , navigation ... oh yea , all of those are useless . 
  at the time of development , space technologies were useless for civilian purposes . 
  comms , mapping , weather , navigation where all in the domain of science fiction since the development cost was enormous . 
  if it were up to private companies to develop spaceflight we would n't have any . 
  if it were up to pacifistic governments to develop space flight we would n't have any cause all the money would be spent elsewhere . 
   i did n't know that europe had libertarians in it . 
  i also did n't know europe had libertarians in it . 
   sometimes you need government funding to drastically improve the economy and quality of life . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with that . 
  i completely agree with that i never said it was a bad thing that governments developed gnsses , i 'm just saying it would n't happen if it were n't for the military . 
  of the 4 systems in development , the 3 military ones are functional ( beidou is only functional regionally ) , while the only civilian one is still not operational . 
  and all four are using technology developed by the military . 
  if it were up to me the government would directly interfere into affairs of all entities within a nation . 
  unfortunately people are greedy and they do n't like it when the state forces them to work for common good . 
  the space program required 3 different countries , nazi germany , soviet union and us , spending enormous amounts of money on something useless for civilians . 
  now i do n't have data but i 'm pretty sure that the cost that was necessary to develop satellite launch systems is so huge that if it was done by a private organization they would either have to charge billions for a single launch or would n't break even for centuries . 
  lets not forget about the gnsses like gps and glonass . 
  two systems directly payed for by their respective countries ministries of defence . 
  how many airline companies would use them if they had to pay subscription , regular people certainly could n't pay for them . 
  you 're still undermining mad . 
  anyway the us can always do a first strike on russia knock out most of launchers with it and then use the abm system to knock out the remaining warheads ( russia can do the same to the us ) . 
  but since both sides are now ignoring the abm treaty its a moot point . 
  both sides are working on anti-icbm systems and will succeed , we can only hope that they wo n't be crazy enough to try them out . 
   the s-300 , s-400 , actually have explosives on them , the missiles of the nato anti-missile shield do n't .
