its more like i need money to pay the troops and non-state actors want to buy nuclear weapons . 
  which almost happened in the 90s , or did happen if you believe certain kgb defectors . 
  i know that , but in my opinion wmds are the only guarantee a country has . 
  thats why indian and pakistan developed them . 
  thats why everybody is `` afraid '' of iran getting them . 
  but keep in mind who created those non-proliferation conventions , and what countries did n't sign the land mine treaty , its always the great powers . 
  the russian nuclear arsenal is far from rusting . 
  rs-24 and rsm-56 are all modern launch platforms developed in the last 10 years , unlike the trident and the minuteman which us depends on . 
  and keep in mind nukes are not the only thing that russia has , if us intelligence is to be trusted they still have a working biological and chemical weapons programs . 
  and if there ever was a conventional war between russia and eu without nukes , eu would lose . 
  a war between russia and nato , well nato would probably win in the end but it would be a pyrrhic victory . 
  in a war against russia there would be no air superiority which nato has grown used to in the last 50 years . 
  there would be tank and infantry battles and constant artillery and millions of dead on both sides . 
  but this is all pointless since any attack on russia or us or uk or china or france would end up in a tactical nuclear strike at the minimum to stop the invasion , and would probably escalate into strategic launches from there . 
  poland is scared of russia with a reason , we all know history between russia and poland . 
  but if you really want to be safe you should n't count on nato or any other military alliance , you should develop your own insurance in the form of wmds . 
  countries with large pride parades have large pride parades because they 're less homophobic . 
  they 're not less homophobic because of pride parades . 
  in my city every time there 's a pride gays get beaten up . 
  they never get beaten up except when there 's a pride , because prides piss people off . 
  oligarchs have no power , true power lies with the chekists , and the only way he will lose power is if the chekists decide to get rid him . 
  keep in mind though he was the director of fsb , so he has a lot of pull with chekists . 
  neither did the thousand of bosniaks and croatians , but you still killed them all . 
  we could forget the history and move on , but your chetnik mentality , your need to blame people almost a century later , and your nationalistic tendencies are what 's stopping peace in bosnia and in balkans in general . 
  but there is no point in arguing with you . 
  you will not change , even your name proves that . 
  you named yourself after an organization that caused wwi , the second deadliest conflict in modern history . 
  if you had any wish for peace you would not call yourself that . 
  i 'm not saying its moral , i 'm just saying that you caused it . 
  you realize that you did an action , and we reacted . 
  same thing with hos , you attacked us , we defended ourselves . 
  and you do n't have a leg to stand on . 
  your country committed genocide numerous times in history against numerous populations . 
  again not moral . 
  but you do n't even have our excuse of it being a reaction to an attack . 
  your only excuse is the wish to conquer territory and the problems that the native population caused for you once you attempted it . 
  do n't you realize nobody is buying your chetnik propaganda here . 
  calling yourself crnaruka is no better than a german calling himself schutzstaffel . 
  what we did in the wwii is a direct reaction to what you did to us during the kingdom of yugoslavia . 
  you assassinated our politicians , repressed us , tried to serbianize us . 
  and now your complaining about existence of hos , its called croatian defense forces because they were defending us from your invasion . 
  and they used the slogan `` za dom spremni '' , a slogan older than hos , older than ndh , older than ban jela\u010di\u0107 . 
  it 's a slogan that comes from a poem odiljenje sigetsko from 1684 . 
  and it was used by ban jela\u010di\u0107 , during the conflict with hungarians . 
  originally it was `` za dom spremni umrijeti '' , meaning `` for motherland ready to die '' . 
  and there is nothing negative about it . 
  it does n't say anything about conquering people , invading people or killing people . 
  it says that we croatians are ready to defend our country with our lives . 
  she does n't have much choice though . 
  she can sanction russia , destroy german economy in the process , lets not forget winter is coming and germany needs the gas . 
  which will result in the death of her political career . 
  or she can ditch ukraine , and still survive politically . 
  kinda late to the party but here i go . 
  the problem with sanctioning oligarchs is that it wo n't accomplish much . 
  the chekists are the ones that have true power in russia , and putin being a chekist and ex-kgb/fsb is n't afraid of wetwork . 
  look at this from the french perspective . 
  if they cancel the contract , they will lose 1.2 billion right now and a lot of future contracts . 
  france has nuclear weapons so it , so it has insurance against an invasion , and it has a decent army.it is not dependent on gas or oil for energy production since it has a lot of nuclear powerplants . 
  they have way more to lose by canceling the contract . 
  they are pretty safe from russia, 
  in croatian r can act as a vowel . 
  prst is a nice example means finger . 
  yugoslavia was a dictatorship a relatively benevolent dictatorship but still a totalitarian state . 
  i 'm not denying that . 
  life was good people were happy . 
  but once tito died it all went to shit . 
  he was the guy holding it all together . 
  you are talking about a country were 2 biggest populations are croatians and serbs . 
  we tried that before wwii did n't work that well as [ assassination of alexander i ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_of_alexander_i_of_yugoslavia#assassination ) or [ assassination of stjepan radi\u0107 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stjepan_radi\u0107#assassination_in_the_parliament ) will prove . 
  and keep in mind if croatians and serbians split off it wo n't be a new country they will just join up with their existing countries . 
  and in my opinion there is no solution for bosnia short of somehow indoctrinating the population or one side exterminating the other two . 
  and we can all agree that would be horrible and certainly not acceptable . 
  the floodgates were opened when serbians decided to turn yugoslavia into greater serbia . 
  croatians in bosnia think of themselves as croatian and serbs in bosnia think of themselves as serbs . 
  the only people who think of themselves as bosniaks are muslims . 
  until the mid or late 90s , i 'm not sure , they did n't call themselves bosniaks they called themselves muslims . 
  the reason for that is that they did n't have a national identity other than yugoslavian and with the breakup they did n't know what they were . 
  former soviet union shattered into 15 countries , many of which , in my opinion are excessive . 
  i mean if you are against the breakup of yugoslavia then why did n't estonia just become part of russia . 
  and bosnia and herzegovina itself should n't have existed . 
  it should have been broken up with the croatian part joining croatia , serbian part joining serbia . 
  the problem is then that the muslim part wo n't be able to support itself so they will complain like they are doing every time croatians want to split off . 
  and just if people do n't know crna ruka means black hand the name of the serbian nationalist organization that started the wwi by assassinating archduke ferdinand . 
  yes i can believe that . 
  i also know that it will keep happening as long as there are people like you , called crna ruka ( meaning black hand , the serbian nationalist organization that organized the assassination of archduke ferdinand ) . 
  and lets be honest war and nationalism will keep going on till humanity meets the only thing that unifies groups of humans , a foreign threat . 
  because nationalism is a result of combining the pack nature of our primate ancestors with greater numbers and more advanced cognitive abilities of modern humans . 
  10 minute scooter ride . 
  i 'm amazed that so very little people motorcycle for their commute . 
  i guess there is only one solution , start a war and annex parts of bosnia till we get a decent shape . 
   that one is real propaganda . 
  do not know about deutsche well on the other hand . 
  they 're both state propaganda , and they 're funny . 
  every so often you see the same news covered by both , were they say exactly the same thing with a different bent . 
   about that , uh . 
  how to put it . 
  the fall of tadmur was not just a strategic failure alone ; it was also at least partly due to unchecked daesh cells everywhere in the town and an army in extremely poor shape too . 
  well then i guess my information on assad is bad . 
  but then again my sources are / r/worldnews , / r/europe , deutsche welle and sputnik news . 
   uh , no .
