  they need to add india for sure , it 's getting really close to having a fully functioning nuclear triad . 
  the whole point of un veto is to stop people from using the 300 kt one . 
  http://envsec.grid.unep.ch/see/maps/landmines.jpg a map of landmines in ex-yugoslavia , it 's from 2003 so there was demining done in the meantime . 
  ah but how were you born in that country , i assume your mother was in it when she gave birth to you , which means that you inherited it , albeit indirectly . 
  see many people want for their children to have us citizenship so they travel there illegally to give birth , which makes it something they leave on to their children to inherit , even though it 's jus soli . 
   since croatia joined the eu , you are now part of a larger group than just your nation , and will be bound by the dublin regulations . 
  but eu is still not a group people identify by , eu is a something that might eventually result in something people identify with , but if that happens it will become a nation . 
  as for now , eu is a economical and political union , which ca n't protect its borders or enforce its will on nations within it as we can see from the current events . 
  the dublin regulations bound no one , since greece , hungary , germany and many others ignore it , unless eu uses violence to make people follow it wo n't happen . 
   that 's something your people chose , diplomatically , rather than killed for . 
  the ability to choose was earned by killing , it was earned by violence , it stems from violence which means that all effects that it has stem from violence . 
   we no longer live like savages . 
  if you seriously believe that you 're either delusional or stupid . 
  people still kill for things , it 's something that is unchangeable because the only way to stop violence is with violence . 
  look at russian and ukraine , look at the us and the middle east , look at croatia and serbia 20 years ago , look at any conflict on the planet . 
  you misunderstand me , i am not talking about earning another citizenship , i am talking about being born in a country but having no citizenship whatsoever . 
  and you 're digressing from the topic i said you inherited a citizenship , which you most likely did , since the odds of somebody stateless getting a citizenship are very low . 
  it 's the catch-22 to apply for citizenship you need citizenship . 
  without one you have no legal existence and can do nothing legally . 
  would i consider what a noble achievement ? 
  i see , so you were born stateless with no citizenship and legal protection , but somehow earned ? 
  and hindrances can be inherited also , for instance i inherited a corrupt country , the same way syrians inherited a warzone . 
  how can you say that when you yourself are right now enjoying the benefits of inheritance . 
   which aspect of european society belongs to individuals in such a way that they have a right to `` give '' ( for want of a better word ) it to future generations ? 
  that 's your problem it 's not individual inheritance it 's national . 
  people due to evolution group into families it 's instinctual , the continuation of that instinct is a nation . 
  it goes approximately like this : family  tribe  village  city  nation . 
  nation is an extended family . 
  maybe eventually we will group into supranational entities but as long as there is no external threat i do n't see it , and for now nations are the current identifying groups . 
  the inheritance is national not individual , in case of croatia the country we live in was left to us by our ancestors , both the good and the bad things . 
  the ancient croatians earned the land by killing the natives and settling here , the same way it was always done , and their descendants , my ancestors , defended it from invasion and that is why it is ours . 
  every benefit i enjoy and disadvantage i suffer is inherited it is a result of over a thousand years of collective work . 
  inheritance is an undeniable right of every man , you ca n't disagree with it because you 're benefiting it from it , there is no person alive or dead who did n't benefit from inheritance . 
   why do you place importance on ancestry then ? 
  i place importance on ancestry because if my wife was pregnant , and had no chinese citizenship , but gave birth in china the child would have no right to live there , but it would have a right to live in croatia . 
  of course there are jus soli countries , but in case of europe and most of the old world for that matter , the right to citizenship is almost always jus sanguinis and only jus sanguinis . 
  people born in europe deserve europe because they inherited in from their ancestors . 
  it has nothing to do with the place of birth , but rather with who your ancestors were and what they left for you to inherit . 
  of course place of birth and your ancestors are connected so that 's why there is a correlation . 
  well if they find a way to disable silo nukes , russians win since they have almost no silo nukes , but jokes aside ? 
  if any country ever finds a way to disable nuclear weapons , it will probably launch all of its nukes at others since there will be no retaliation . 
  because food production is of the utmost importance to national security . 
  imagine if europe imported most of its food from russia , and now imagine the ukraine crisis . 
  europe was pretty paralyzed as it is , and russia only controls part of the energy supply , if they controlled the food source , they could pretty much say give us everything up to germany , and what would you be able to do , starve ? 
  luckily europe subsidizes food production so it is independent at least in that aspect from foreign influence . 
  last 6000 years of human history have showed us that violence is the answer , nothing new there . 
  you can only stop violence with violence , europe has forgotten that and now has no capacity to face russia . 
  they threatened to shoot down the satellites . 
  if they flee the borders will never become natural , so i guess they need to stay and make them natural . 
   people have more freedom than ever , and many services that used to be state monopolies are not anymore ( water , electricity , postal , telecommunications , roads etc ) , this trend will keep going until everything is replaced as people realize that private sectors ran by people without force is more effective than the state . 
  there are still laws regulating what , where and how it 's supposed to be done , and as somebody that went from communism to capitalism , the quality of all services dropped as they were privatized , but that 's just my country with actual experience , you probably know better . 
   they are run by people without force . 
  try not to buy an iphone , nothing happens . 
  try not to buy into the government , you 'll get killed . 
  what do you mean buy into the government ? 
  you do n't buy a government . 
  anyway that 's a bunch of bull , look at what private corporations did in the late 19th and early 20th century in the us , they abused violence massively because nobody was stopping them , only when federal government intervened with their monopoly on violence , they stopped . 
  i am of course talking about hiring agencies like pinkerton to attack strikers and their families . 
   ok , so you are pro-endoctrination [ sic ] and pro-dictatorship now ? 
  wow . 
  we do n't have totalitarian dictatorships here in europe and most things are not run by the government anymore and yet we do n't get `` rape , pillaging and violence '' , it 's almost as if ... a state was n't needed . 
  if the state was n't needed in europe why is it still there , i see no anarchy in europe , i see states with a monopoly on violence . 
  the middle east right now is the proof of what happens when the state collapses , and as far as i know there is no point in human history when the collapse of a state ended up without it . 
  when a state collapses you get pillaging , raping and violence , and it lasts until one of two things happen , either a new state is formed by the native population which pacifies the area , or another state arrives from the outside conquers and pacifies the area . 
   today 's state have way less powers than yesterday 's , this progress will go on until every part of government is replaced by private entities ran by the people . 
  they have more power than ever before , they have the ability to spy on everybody with utter ease . 
   private entities ran by the people . 
  are states not run by people , who runs them computers ? 
   every dictatorships in history always promised rape , misery and violence without them . 
  look at syria , libya , iraq . 
  when the dictators disappear you get rape , pillaging and violence , they turned into anarchy and isis appeared . 
  the events that are happening right now in the middle east , the event that are creating the huge migrant population are caused by the state falling apart and the region ending up in anarchy . 
  how can you tell me that anarchy does n't result in rape and misery when it 's going on in front of our very eyes right now . 
  you have to be completely delusional not to see it . 
  i do n't need to read literature , the events happening right now are all the proof you need that without state you get rape , misery and violence . 
   what do you replace cancer with ? 
  you just get rid of it , it is n't needed . 
  okay so you 'll get anarchy , anarchy is a great thing , i will rape your daughter , kill you and your wife and face no punishment . 
  and by the way you replace cancer with a healthy organ . 
  if you completely an organ you 're dead . 
   sounds like a deal with the mafia , obey and pay or we will murder you unless you leave and we take all your stuff . 
  you 're twisting words , the state will not murder you , it just wo n't offer you protection , other people will murder you . 
   i prefer to call it the free will of the people to buy and sell what they want . 
  and how will it solve problems , when the history has shown us that unrestrained capitalism always destroy itself . 
  we 've had two huge economic crises one in '29 and another in ' 08 . 
   because the us government is not pro-free market , which is demonstrated by their support for subsidies , protectionism , cronyism , welfare , warfare and more . 
  subsidies are free market , the state is acting free to protect its production . 
  protectionism same thing . 
  cronyism is human nature , people will always treat people they feel close to better . 
  us is the western country with the least amount of welfare . 
  warfare is free market in its supreme form , it is the ultimate problem solver . 
   and this is why states are evil and useless . 
  and who do you propose to enforce your human rights ? 
  if nobody does it what is stopping me from killing you , if i wo n't get punished . 
   nobody signed it , where is my signature exactly ? 
  where 's the document ? 
  contracts do n't have to be on paper , there are verbal contracts . 
  this is a different type of contract , but if you claim you do n't want it do n't use the services provided by it . 
   the state has a monopoly on force , that 's the definition of the state . 
  if i try to protect myself i will get killed by the state .
