  so people were consuming wine , but where did they get it from ? 
  in all fairness , even nowadays , it 's not so hard to get wine in tehran ( especially if you 're not a muslim ) , as local christians and jews are allowed to make it . 
  we do n't really have that much information on what the process of wine production looked like , but it appears that in terms of legislature , restrictions on the production of alcohol were rather lax : as far as we know , the production of alcohol was not illegal , and there are various handbooks detailing what kinds of ingredients were necessary for making it . 
  ** references **, 
  allen , r. * an introduction to arabic literature * . 
  cambridge : cambridge university press , 2000 . 
  hadawi , h. * the arabian nights * . 
  new york : norton , 2008 . 
  irwin , r. * the arabian nights -- a companion * . 
  new york : tauris , 2004 . 
  in vol . 
  4 of * the encyclopedia of islam , new edition * , 997-998 . 
  in vol . 
  6 of * the encyclopedia of islam , new edition * , 720-724 . 
  haha , i actually wrote several papers on ibn fadl\u0101n !, 
  it 's highly unlikely that the historical character ( as far as we know ) would have consumed alcohol , as he seems to describe the * r\u016bs * ' tendency to drink pretty negatively . 
  but yeah , sure , there were ( and still are ) muslims who point out that khamr only refers to ( grape ) wine , so everything else is fine . 
  you 're absolutely right , thanks for the addition !, 
  i do n't read persian myself ( despite having studied it for two years , imagine ) , so i felt a bit uncomfortable talking about it , but you seem to have taken care of that !, 
  thanks again ( :, 
  yes !, 
  although it may be worth mentioning that in pre-islamic arab society they already knew of curdled dairy products containing alcohol , albeit relatively low . 
  a famous example of this is kumis , which gained particular popularity in egypt during the mamluk period . 
  additionally , like in estonian , there are a number of prepositions and postpositions that must be used in a particular position . 
  i did my undergraduate degree at leiden university . 
  it 's really a great place and if you ever find yourself in the netherlands , it 's a great idea to visit the city ( and if you can , particularly the local museum , which has a section on islam ) . 
  apart from that , it recently celebrated the 600-year anniversary of the founding of the arabic department , which makes it one of the oldest ( if not * the * oldest ) places outside of the islamic world where islam and arabic are being studied . 
  that being said , i just have to point out that the way you phrase certain things is troubling . 
  what you said about the jews in egypt : i 'm not sure if you 're insinuating that they were slaves , but that is probably not true . 
  it 's likely that some hebrews were slaves , but they were not per definition an `` enslaved people '' . 
  the history of islam in europe is very multifaceted and a lot more complicated than the `` them-vs-us '' narrative that are rife nowadays . 
  just to name a few examples : after the collapse of the umayyad caliphate ( in spain , this time ) and the subsequent power vacuums , several muslim rulers of the individual states popping up formed alliances with the christian kings of northern spain ( galicia , castille-leon , aragon , and so forth ) . 
  then there 's the example of al-idr\u012bs\u012b , a muslim scholar at the court of roger ii of sicily . 
  my favourite example is probably that of the lipka tatars , a turkic muslim community that was invited by the then-king of poland-lithuania to settle in his lands in return for military assistance . 
  descendants of these muslim tatars later helped break the siege of vienna in 1683 , fighting against the muslim ottomans . 
  another user already commented on the importance of slavery in the roman empire . 
  as a sidenote i can refer to the famous painting `` the reply of the zaporozhian cossacks '' , who sent a strongly-worded letter to the ottoman ruler mehmed iv . 
  it 's interesting . 
  although i really ca n't say anything with regards to your theological statements , i would recommend asking questions about history on r/askhistorians , because often these things are a lot more complicated than they seem . 
  i 'm a dutch student currently learning some basic latvian , just for fun . 
  as i 'm currently working on the verb b\u016bt , i 've noticed that the past tense first person negation is neesmu . 
  i understand that it 's compounded from ne + esmu , but could n't you theoretically write n\u0113smu ? 
  thanks !, 
  first time posting here !, 
  this is the situation : playing my first ironman game as riga  kurland , and right now i 'm ( allied with russia and austria ) involved in a war with the massive commonwealth ; which was allied with sweden , but i managed to get them to peace out early . 
  right now this is the situation : i 'm winning at 61 % warscore , and i do n't really know what to do now . 
  i do n't really care too much about expanding right now , as i just want to hurt the commonwealth as much as possible . 
  revolts are going on in their tatar provinces , and i 'm hoping they 'll break away as well . 
  what do i do ? 
  i want to stay on austria 's and russia 's good side , so i definitely want to give a province to russia , but at the same time i also want to force the commonwealth to release a few states . 
  tl ; dr : winning against commonwealth , wat do ? 
  hey !, 
  i 'm trying to get from sirkeci to halkali in order to get the train to bucharest this saturday . 
  what would be the best way to get there ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  hey guys !, 
  right now i 'm planning on catching the trainfrom istanbul sirkeci to bucharest , and i 'm sure many of you know it 's a total mess in istanbul right now . 
  has anyone ever taken the replacement bus from sirkeci to the bulgarian border , and if yes , could they tell me where i can board it ? 
  i 'm currently writing a paper and i 'm looking for a hadith ( in arabic ) that recounts how the people of yemen converted to islam . 
  i 've not yet really encountered any solid sources with a good isn\u0101d . 
  if any of you guys would know something off the top of your heads , that 'd be great . 
  [ removed ], 
  okay , so here 's the situation . 
  the year is 1475 , i 'm playing as riga , and through some unscrupulous diplomacy i was able to conquer all the latvian provinces as well as snatching memel , k\u00f6nigsberg , and danzig from the teutonic order , keeping them as my ( rebellious ) vassal in ermland . 
  my allies are muscovy , sweden , and estonia ; rivals are pomerania , denmark , and novgorod , the former two supporting the to 's independence . 
  now where do i go from here ? 
  i understand that annexing the teutonic order as quickly as possible would most likely be a good idea , but then what ? 
  do i form kurland and colonize the new world ? 
  do i form prussia and curbstomp poland-lithuania ? 
  estonian : nominalised from the verb surema , which appears to be finno-ugric . 
  ( [ source ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/surra#finnish ) ), 
  [ removed ], 
  i just came to poland a few days ago , and as a traditional musician i 'm very interested in learning tunes from other countries . 
  does anyone here happen to know something about traditional or folk music in or around krakow ? 
  [ removed ], 
  * the year is 1484 ce . 
  over the last four decades , the khans of kazan have succeeded in re-establishing their dominance over the west asian steppes , in doing so reducing the principality of moscow to little more than a disjointed rumpstate along their eponymous capital and subjugating their earlier vassal states of perm and ryazan . 
  in the east , the once-mighty uzbeks and kazakh hordes too were crushed and now squabble amongst themselves for the possession of barren wastelands . 
  nogai , although as of the time still in control of the great trading city of astrakhan has seen its lands overrun by the kazan horde and finds itself without allies or troops . 
  in a matter of years , the entirety of central russia will be in the hands of the khan of kazan and his tatar allies . 
  yet not all is as it seems : the separation from their homeland have left the kazakh and sibir tribes restless and yearning for independence . 
  similarly , the sedentary population of nizhny novgorod -- which had only been recently plundered by kazan -- seek to be reunited with their brethren in moscow . 
  and the princes of ryazan and perm , although at the time still tributary states , grow increasingly inobedient and disrespectful . 
  agents from the republic of novgorod have already been spotted in their lands , fomenting dissent , supported financially and militarily by their lithuanian allies . 
  it is only a matter of time before their greed compels them to muster their armies and move into the great steppe . 
  and the great steppe is unforgiving . 
  okay , here 's the situation ( your parents awent way on a week 's vacation ) : i 've decided to take another shot at playing kazan : last time i tried it , i played a relatively slow game ; i was only able to defeat muscovy around the middle of the 1800s and then i formed russia . 
  this time , i went for a much more aggressive game :, 
  * allied crimea , then declared on the golden horde . 
  although they were allied with uzbek i was able to defeat both their armies , causing nogai to join in and give the finishing blow . 
  i took most of their provinces immediately . 
  * no polish-lithuanian pu ; this means novgorod allied lithuania , when moscow invaded it went really poorly for them , so i declared war and took some muscovian provinces ( nizhny-novgorod , vetluga , viatka and kasimov ) , forcing them to release their vassals . 
  regardless , i had to take out a bunch of loans ( around 10 ) to raise my armies and actually win against them . 
  novgorod also took some of their provinces . 
  * somewhat later i declared war on ryazan and vassalised them . 
  by now kazakh had also formed through rebellion , so i dow 'd them immediately and took their land . 
  i forced their ally sibir ( also rebelled i think ) to give some land back to uzbek , effectively splitting them up completely . 
  * most recently , i declared on astrakhan ( opm in kuma ) and nogai and i 'm trying to let my vassals do the majority of the work . 
  now the situation is as follows : i have zero manpower , a 16k army , lithuania and novgorod are both looking to declare at any moment and my vassals are semi-rebellious . 
  i also have a royal marriage with ottomans , but they do n't want an alliance because my navy is too small ( haha what ) .
