  add to that the notion that the majority of the arab world believe the linguistic diversity of arabic is the result of `` corruption '' of classical ( i.e. 
  = msa = quranic ) arabic , i do n't think that anything like that has happened . 
  the degree to which vernaculars are used in mosques and by islamic scholars in general is something that has n't really been studied that deeply though , although i do know that some imams in morocco first quote the arabic and then paraphrase the concerning verse in berber . 
  that 's right ( : i think i might have been unclear , so thanks for elucidating the difference between `` interpretation '' and `` translation '' in the traditional islamic understanding . 
  i am honestly ( e ) njoying this . 
  hey hi , dutchman here living in tallinn ( :, 
  maybe you can find some help finding a short-term living space through the facebook group [ erasmus in tallinn ] ( https://www.facebook.com/groups/240149779384739/?fref=ts ) . 
  they often offer pretty nice places for good prices . 
  another thing that you may want to keep in mind is that the cost of living here is not necessarily lower than in belgium . 
  there is a popular image of eastern europe as being much , much cheaper , but in estonia ( and particularly tallinn ) that simply is n't true . 
  additionally , keep in mind that some folks can be rather aloof here , compared to where you 're from and it might be a bit harder to pick up on some social cues , but i 've never found anyone to be outright unfriendly or unwilling to assist with anything ( : . 
  and they sell milk in bags here ( that was new for me ) . 
  you basically put them into these plastic containers , cut away the edges , and tada !, 
  take this dutch guy with y' all as well !, 
  was in riga last week , went to ala , can confirm is awesome . 
  10/10 would recommend . 
  remove colon . 
  op , if you do this , i will give you 50 lats . 
  actually , there are indications that some things that are considered sinful in this world are not in the next : e.g. , the quran also mentions rivers of wine in paradise , although almost all islamic scholars seem to agree that alcohol is forbidden . 
  historically , there have been several shi'a states that declared the end times were at hand , at that the normal laws were thus abolished !, 
  you could just look up the huge corpus of swedish polskas available on the youtubes , it 's pretty glorious music . 
  but nothing beats crushing austria as bavaria while listening the bayerischer defiliermarsch . 
  yes , they are etymologically related ( :, 
  s ( in ) terk ( l ) aas, 
  what do you mean with old dutch ? 
  7 can be used to represent the voiceseless pharyngeal fricative [ \u0127 ] , represented in written arabic by \u062d . 
  philologist of classical arabic here , i 've never heard of that . 
  `` it 's ok . '', 
   if anything , i 've heard it said that after the rashudin caliphs , the rulers found great utility in their `` dhimmi '' subjects not converting to islam . 
  perhaps someone here better learned on this topic culd address this ? 
  in any case , the earliest period of islamic history is very murky as-is , so i can only really talk about what happened during the umayyad and ` abbasid periods . 
  basically , islam ( somewhat like zoroastrianism in persia ) was originally conceived as a religion only for the arabs , in this case meaning those people belonging to an arab tribe . 
  in order to convert to islam , one had to become a client of a certain arab clan , who would then adopt them and be `` responsible '' for them . 
  of course , this bias did n't exactly sit well with a lot of the newly-conquered peoples , who ( in my opinion correctly ) argued that islam was not an exclusively arab religion . 
  the abbasids were able to sway a large portion of these peoples by promising reform , which allowed them to successfully lead a revolt against the umayyads , nearly extinguishing their dynasty . 
  it does not appear that too much actually changed after the abbasids came to power , as documents from the era still indicate that several recently-converted muslims were still clients of certain arab clan members . 
  sources :, 
  crone , p. `` post-colonialism in 10th century islam '' ;, 
  kennedy , h . the prophet and the age of the caliphates . 
  also cf. 
  savran 's `` the shu'ubiyya controversy '' . 
  pretty much everything said here is correct , with a small addendum : the * original * title of caliph was * khal\u012bfat all\u0101h * , `` successor of god '' , which only later became * khal\u012bfat ras\u016bl all\u0101h * , `` succesor of god 's prophet '' . 
  this has been discussed at length in patricia crone and martin hind 's * god 's caliph : religious authority in the first centuries of islam * . 
  please do an ama in which you explain everything about islam to the unenlightened masses, 
  i was not expecting to read aramaic on reddit at all . 
  yeah , i know , but i just did n't know there was such a deep-going intellectual discussion that actually * employed * aramaic . 
  cool though !, 
  although i basically agree with pretty much everything you said here , there are some aspects of this discussion that maybe should be approached with a degree of prudence , perhaps . 
  you mentioned the point about lithuania remaining independent -- although this plays a pretty large role in the cultural memory of lithuanians even to this day , the degree of polonisation of lithuania should maybe not be underestimated . 
  even though the relationship between the lithuanian and polish societies was complicated , the elite was historically polish-speaking . 
  i 'm under the impression that the stress on * lithuanian * national identity started primarily during their own age of awakening . 
  secondly , i just wanted to say something about the link between ethnicity and language , which is a bit complicated as well . 
  when i took classes on estonian history , one of the first things our professor mentioned was that the differences between ( south ) estonians and latvians were primarily linguistic rather than ethnic . 
  i 'm not saying you stated or even implied anything like this , but it 's just more of a general thing that came to mind . 
  although there 's a pretty large number of low german loans in estonian , and dutch is ( pretty much ) low german . 
  wow this is really cool !, 
  i 'll make sure to check out more about him , 
  this is amazing , but a bit hard to play on violin, 
  this is amazing , but a bit hard to play on violin, 
  not really europe anymore , but if i remember correctly the arabic is borrowed from aramaic . 
  i 'll have to check though . 
  add . 
  : estonian etymological dictionary notes that it is likely an onomatopoeic expression . 
  i suppose so !, 
  the same term is used in reference to huugama , for example . 
  i 'm not sure though , what would you propose ? 
  possible !, 
  you would kind of have to explain the metathesis of the individual syllables , which may be problematic though . 
  are there any other examples in loanwords to basque which have undergone the same kind of metathesis ? 
  this is cool !, 
  thanks a lot ( :, 
  the police officer that was murdered here came from a muslim background . 
  `` a world without religion , specifically islam , is a world where ibn al-haytham aka alhazen never authored the book of optics and thus was never translated into latin . '', 
  is n't this sort of assuming a lot ? 
  i mean , the exact circumstances might not be the same , but it seems a bit too much to say `` without islam there would never have been a scientific method '' . 
  well , possibly . 
  i also feel that applying terms like these , to a people who most likely did not use these terms themselves can be kind of misleading . 
  it 's not like al-haytham got up in the morning and said `` right , now i 'm going to invent the scientific method '' ; i 'm not even sure he had a clear idea of his own methodology . 
  likely he found something that worked , stuck with it , and that 's it . 
  if anything , it 's a sort of proto-phenomenology . 
  it 's the same thing when looking at al-shahrast\u0101ni 's * kit\u0101b al-millal wa al-nihal * ; it 's something that comes close to modern comparative religious studies , but it 's not exactly sufficiently developed and defined to be defined as such . 
  this is very...one-sided to say the least . 
  there are conflicting reports about what exactly transpired in jerusalem during the final days of saladin 's siege : although imad al-din al-isfahani did record that heraclius took all the treasures , there are records that indicate he stripped the church of the holy sepulchre of its silver and had it minted to pay the ransom of 17,000 of jerusalem 's christian inhabitants . 
  the 15,000 unable to be ransomed were subsequently to enslaved , but it 's said that al-ad\u012bl ( saladin 's brother ) paid the remainder . 
  what 's also interesting to note is that saladin was n't really that widely known in the islamic middle-east after the crusades , and it was only from the colonial period , and more specifically during the nahda , that his image became revitalised . 
  for more information ( in english ) see [ here ] ( https://sites.dartmouth.edu/crusadememory/2016/05/29/the-image-of-saladin-in-the-arab-world/ ), 
  edit : there should be information in arabic in ibn ` ath\u012br 's * al-k\u0101mil fi l-ta ` r\u012bkh * , so i 'm going to check that out tomorrow . 
  edit 2 : okay , downvote all you want . 
  i 'd like to stress that what i just wrote is not my opinion , but one expressed by carole hillenbrand , who is professor of islamic studies in edinburgh and specialises in the crusades . 
  just pointing it out . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  i specifically said * after * the crusades ; i do n't doubt that many muslims -- meaning those that knew of him -- widely supported his actions . 
   the franks were so shocked by salahudin 's treatment , they spread a rumor that he 's not muslims but actually french lol . 
  this is a stark difference from years before , when they used to scare their children into obedience by saying things like `` go to sleep or i 'm gon na bring salahudin to eat you ! '' ' . 
  now they were saying `` he 's not muslim , he 's one of us !! '', 
  this reminds me of the popular conception of zinedine zidane in french before and after his ( in ) famous headbutt . 
  before , the french were very proud of * their * zidane . 
  afterwards , they did n't know anything about * that algerian * . 
  to get back on point : i 'm sure you appreciate my preference for primary sources , hence my refernece to ibn ath\u012br 's * al-k\u0101mil fi l-ta ` r\u012bkh * in my original post , which i 'm going to look at tomorrow . 
  regardless , i will take a look at those sources you mentioned , even though i 'd hardly consider a biography from 1897 contemporary , but fine .
