if you do n't mind books , try `` estonian textbook : grammar , exercises , conversation '' by juhan tuldava . 
  it 's a bit old , but still very good . 
  you 're not too far off ; there is finno-ugric influence in latvian , particularly in the borrowing of the first-syllable stress . 
  utrecht is * amazing * . 
  not only is the university ranked pretty high ( what would you be studying there ? 
  ) , but the city life is also pretty great . 
  i 'm studying in leiden myself , which is more-or-less completely dominated by students when it comes to going out and so might feel a bit restrictive , whereas the night life in utrecht is really diverse -- there 's pretty much something for everyone . 
  additionally , due to it being in the centre of the country , it 'll be pretty easy to get to other cities in the netherlands ( not just amsterdam and rotterdam , but also other cities like den bosch or zwolle would be a bit easier to get to ) . 
  also you 're gon na love biking around in the city . 
  mhm . 
  considering that arab society is highly based on ( inter ) tribal relations , it would only be a matter of time until someone recognised him . 
  as an arab , it 's incredibly difficult to accomplish anything when you 've become an outcast . 
  paldies for the fast reaction !, 
  i 'm still super on beginners level , and i 'm mostly interested in the grammatical system of latvian , but i hope to be able to actually produce something in a few months :d, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll have to write it down somewhere !, 
  excellent , that just means it needs more linguists to clarify it !, 
  before this , i studied estonian for a year ( estonian girlfriend and all ) , but what i like about latvian is the class system when it comes to noun declension . 
  also some stuff really really reminds me of persian , which is also cool !, 
  yeah , universiteit leiden represent !, 
  probably not ; as @mudgod2 said , it 's most likely to be apocryphal , and it seems that the library had been in decline already from the 2nd century ce onwards . 
  besides lootings , several fires had already destroyed a large part of the library , and it seems that by the time of the islamic conquest , not much was left anyway . 
  i think i once read that the etymology of `` viru ( maa ) '' goes back to an indo-european word for man ( cf. 
  latin `` vir '' , latvian `` v\u012brs '' ) , but i 'm unable to find that etymology , so i might have just made it up :d, 
  it might be connected to the modern word `` viru '' , in the sense of `` whirling '' , something having to do with the wind ? 
  idk . 
  rootsi is also a cool word , because it originally meant something like `` boatsman '' , and is actually the origin of the word rus ' ( in the sense of `` russians '' ) , which is fascinating !, 
  that 's interesting !, 
  what would be the north-germanic equivalent for `` world '' in that case ? 
  i was just looking up the finnish * ruotsi * , and apparently there is a germanic word ro\u00f0r , which has something to with rowing , which is a neat proto indo-european word , giving us english `` rowing '' and `` rudder '' as well !, 
  it 's probably coincidental , `` niquer '' is probably from a germanic root ( cf. 
  dutch neuken , `` to fuck '' . ), 
  well , in many cases countries get their names from certain tribes or regions associated with the country . 
  sometimes those are tribes or regions geographically the closest to the country , but not always . 
  germany is a great example , because it was unified rather late :, 
  * germany * ( < lat . 
  `` germania '' ), 
  fin . 
  we find the same phenomenon in arabic ( * yun\u0101n * , `` greece '' , from `` ionia '' , ultimately borrowed from persian ) , latvian ( * krievija * , `` russia '' , from * krievs * , meaning a certain tribe ; also * igaunija * , `` estonia '' , same case ) and many other languages ( :, 
  in the case of japan , it was apparently borrowed from chinese jih + pun `` sunrise '' , equivalent to `` japan '' . 
  ( in this case compare ar . 
  * mashriq * , `` place where the sun rises '' ), 
  eventually , you 'll find that in many cases , the word used in a language to designate another country often originated in a word simply meaning `` man '' or `` people '' . 
  sure !, 
  playing riga  kurland , had all of the livonian territories when commonwealth declared war on me , no allies on either side , their army must have been ten times as big , i had like 6000 troops in total . 
  managed to avoid their armies for some reason , was able to wipe out some of their smaller armies , prestige got high enough and i was suddenly winning larger and larger battles . 
  in the end , the warscore got around high enough in my favour and i was able to claim their lithuanian and prussian provinces !, 
  if you 're an adventurous knight , always carry a dagger on you , it 's safer that way . 
  do n't trust guys called ivo . 
  smashing relics is cool . 
  this deserves more upvotes . 
  okay , i do n't know what it means to have `` good grasp of hadith '' , but sure . 
  would n't you agree that when muhammad tells someone to go and talk to the governor of san ` a ' in order to convert him , that something like that would be recorded as a `` saying of the prophet '' ? 
  that aside , from what i 've found the tradition appears to be internally inconsistent , with many variants of the same story going through eachother . 
  one mentions that muhammad sent ali b. abi talib to san ` a ' , whereas others just mention that muhammad sent a letter to the different rulers in south arabia , with no mention of ali . 
  then there 's versions that simply state that the persian governor , a man called b\u0101dh\u0101m converted and everyone pretty much joined him . 
  additionally , make no mistake : i 'm not particularly intersted in the historical process , but much more on the islamic historiographic tradition pertaining to the beginnings of islam in yemen ( :, 
  great , thanks !, 
  i 'll try to look up the first one in arabic ( :, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  thanks a lot ( :, 
  asshai mahk , let 's go eat huh, 
  gast , supermooi . 
  let 's see how long it lasts , yeah . 
  thoros of myr , definitely . 
  the formation of the partitive does n't necessarily follow the genitive ( cf. 
  ) , but i 'm not sure if that 's what you meant . 
  op : the original comment still stands though : the most important declensions to learn are the genitive and partitive singular . 
  the rest of the case endings are simply suffigised to either the genitive singular or plural , and the genitive plural is usually based on the partitive singular . 
  and if you think that 's bad , just wait until we get started on the total and partial objects . 
  ooh , do you think it 's more or less the same at tallinn university , i 'm having one of these interviews on thursday myself . 
  that 's pretty fucking crazy . 
  how do people actually find this sub ? 
  i once stayed in pepleri 14 for two weeks , that was really nice !, 
  there also used to be a synagogue and an entire jewish quarter , if i remember correctly . 
  hmm , well then again , you can also pretty easily find early and pre-islamic poetry , which can be filthy as well !, 
  egyptian arabic is understood throughout most of the arab world , due to the prevalence of egyptian media . 
  coming from classical arabic , studying levantine would probably be one of the easier options . 
  now understanding others dialects might be a bit more difficult though . 
  yeah , my start was pretty similar . 
  i waited until poland declared on teutonic order , waited until lithuania decimated the livonian armies , then swooped in and grabbed koldingen , mitau , liefland and lettgallen , and forced them to release estonia . 
  for some reason poland had not immediately taken k\u00f6nigsberg and/or memel , so i fabricated on the latter and declared on to while they were still weak . 
  grabbed danzig and memel , waited until truce with livonia was over , took d\u00f6rpt , as well as k\u00f6nigsberg and vassalised to . 
  in the meanwhile muscovy has completely annexed novgorod , and they still have a friendly attitude , whereas poland is hostile towards me , so i 'd probably not risk trying to make that switch . 
  also sweden has recently taken narva , so i should probably annex west estonia as quickly as possible . 
  still , it 's really fun to actually have a strong foothold in the baltic , having danzig and k\u00f6nigsberg really boosts the economy, 
  well yeah , the arabic of the quran is not the same as classical arabic , let alone quranic arabic . 
  when i started studying arabic in university , i mostly read a translation of the new testament ; not just because i already knew the stories , but also because the style and language is very correct and comprehensible . 
  the problem with arabic and the quran is that we do n't really know what the term `` arabic '' means in relationship to the rest of the book . 
  the quran states it was `` revealed as an arabic quran , so you may understand '' ( nazalnaa-hu qur ` aanan arabiyyan la-ta3lamuuna , iirc ) , in which the word ` arabiyyan is usually translated as `` clear ; understandable arabic '' , but it 's not entirely sure to what kind of an idiom it refers . 
  but i would n't be too worried , there 's plenty of amazing literature available in arabic that is secular and/or pre-islamic , so we can definitely enjoy that . 
  i 'm currently reading the 1001 nights , which is definitely very enjoyable ( :, 
  strangely , not really ; the language of the quran is actually slightly different from classical arabic , and when the arabic grammarians of the 8th and 9th century formalised the classical language , they mostly used examples from pre-islamic poetry on the one hand , and the theological corpus of hadiths on the other . 
  the quran is sometimes mentioned , but not frequently . 
  well , because nobody speaks ( modern ) standard arabic and classical arabic as a mother language , it 's kinda hard to make the comparison with contemporary and shakespeare 's english ( which is . . early modern english ? ), 
  however , if you can read and understand standard arabic well , then the quran itself should n't really pose that many problems . 
  the thing is that it is from time to time incredibly incoherent , which does make it harder to understand . 
  in terms of vocabulary ( bar a few loans ) and grammar , it 's not too difficult . 
  problem is interpretation , 
  i have only a very limited understanding of islamic theology , but according to most mainstream islamic scholars , one is unable to reproduce the `` perfection '' of the arabic used in the qur ` an in any other language .
