it 's funny because angela merkel ca n't seduce the president of france ... 
  which is why they 'll abstain . 
  yeah !, 
  why would china care that their biggest trading partner , holder of their deposits , emitter of the world 's baseline currency , and largest investor ever be mad at them ? 
  who knows !, 
  i 'm guessing that they would n't want to make an enemy of the us , the uk , and france just for a good deal on gas ... 
  not in my country , anyway ... 
  what i meant was that i am seeing a doctor to help me with my condition . 
  saying things like `` no pizza ever again '' sounds really easy . 
  but tell an alcoholic `` no beer ever again '' and see his reaction . 
  it 's hard . 
  alcoholics have support groups , specialized therapists , and doctors that can help them . 
  people with obesity often do n't have those things ... yet . 
  if you chop off your on leg , you are disabled . 
  if you eat too much and become obese , you are disabled too . 
  i am currently suffering of obesity ( i 'm in a diet , have lost 20 pounds - about 10 kgs - , downgraded from `` morbid obesity '' to regular obesity last month ) , and i can tell you that obesity hinders your capacity for work . 
  morbid obesity , in particular , elevates your blood pressure , makes you prone to incapacitating headaches , tires you quickly doing simple tasks , impairs your ability to think and to be creative , makes you require extended hours of sleep , and of course , increases your risk of contracting diseases such as heart disease that may lead to a heart attack , and diabetes . 
  obesity is a disability and overeating is an addiction . 
  there 's no reason why one would be exclusive of the other . 
  just because you disabled yourself does n't mean you are not disabled . 
  now , should that mean that you get special treatment from your employer or the government ? 
  i believe you should , so long as you demonstrate a commitment to getting better . 
  unlike chopping off a leg , people can , and do , overcome obesity . 
  i am trying to do so even now , and i can tell you , i function a lot better now than i did a month ago , and i expect to feel even better as i improve further . 
  but getting better is hard , expensive , and , for some people , frightening . 
  why should n't they get help ? 
  i imagine her right next to nixon 's head in a futurama episode ... 
  everything you just said above is why i laugh at people afraid of china 's growing gdp . 
  oh , they 're going to be the largest economy by gdp in a few years , surpassing america !!, 
  frightening !, 
  gdp is a measure of how much is produced by the country . 
  it is not a measure of the value of its assets , or who owns them . 
  it is also not a measure of who gets to claim the profits from the production in the country . 
  imagine gdp as a sales benchmark in a sales team . 
  let 's say person a sold $ 10,000 and person b sold $ 7,000 . 
  person a clearly sold more than person b. 
  but those that make person a more powerful than person b ? 
  what if person b owns the company ? 
  person a is basically working for person b !!!, 
  and this is the case with china and america ... 
  you need to understand the history behind the 2nd ammendment . 
  it has nothing to do with owning guns for hunting or protection against crime . 
  it 's about individuals having the right to protect themselves from an overreaching federal government . 
  this is what the first sentence of the ammendment alludes to : `` a well organized militia '' . 
  it means americans own the government and the right to overthrow it . 
  it 's symbolic and ridiculous in a time where the us government is the biggest owner of nuclear weapons , yet it will always be hard to go against a symbol . 
  americans logically argue that it is monumentally stupid for the eu to not be a federal union , and yet ... 
  i do n't think russia has any interest on what happens to catalonia . 
  why would they funnel arms to it when the mere fact of the conflict existing undermines the west . 
  europe seems to be manufacturing crises like china manufactures cheap products for the us . 
  [ really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cinco_de_mayo ) ? 
  what about brexit . 
  is that passed ? 
  so , it could bring things that already happen without the ttip ? 
  i like it that he always has a moral dilemma when having to order military action . 
  he 's not an action hero president , but an actual human being . 
  i am reminded of `` the west wing '' , when president bartlet calls the butterball hotline . 
  they even speak their spanish weirdly !, 
  believe me , the us has plenty of that as soon as you bring up florida . 
  would you rather it was called isigp ? 
  not really . 
  mexico is just an awesome place !, 
  spain in the negative about itself . 
  that 's hilarious !, 
  it 's a funny joke , but i 'm sure you know varoufakis actually proposed many of the reforms , and the discussion was more nuanced than just if or not any reforms were made ... 
  it 's called `` inapplicable academic theory '' . 
  i do n't think anyone wants to follow argentina 's footsteps, 
  greece can absolutely do that , and just look how `` sovereign '' argentina is right now ... 
  you want to ask argentina ? 
  `` give up more sovereignty '' . 
  this phrase makes me laugh . 
  you know what kills sovereignty almost instantaneously ? 
  sovereign default and bankruptcy . 
  the 1st statement has nothing to do with the 2nd statement . 
  even in default , greece is obligated to pay . 
  and , i agree . 
  it was idiotic to lend money to a deadbeat country like greece . 
  europe is n't obligated to accept a new deal . 
  greece , however , is obligated to pay its debts . 
  that is outside of the realm of possibility . 
  his style , his personality , he looks like a great fellow . 
  unfortunately , things did n't go as he expected and greece is now worse off . 
  a `` no deal '' greece is even worse off than a `` bad deal '' greece . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  the eurozone offered the `` bad deal '' . 
  you reject the `` bad deal '' , you reject the eurozone . 
  well , we are fatter than the us , richer than new zealand or australia , and have better beaches than canada . 
  i do n't think we need to be more like them . 
  well , if you 've only ever had mexican food in an english pub , of course that 's the reaction you get . 
  good luck with that . 
  it 's not as if you 'd never tried before ... 
  even the french have had more luck . 
   a solution is a homogeneous mixture composed of only one phase . 
  in such a mixture , a solute is a substance dissolved in another substance , known as a solvent . 
  seems like european statehood , or dissolving powerless countries , like greece , into a powerful and globally competitive single economic system with both a monetary and fiscal union , is the * solution * europe needs . 
  american food may be the worst thing you can put into your body , but at least it tastes good going down . 
  whereas british food , on the other hand , has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever . 
  sounds like the plot of 1984, 
  you got it wrong . 
  they are different dudes !,
