  moral hazard can take a back seat because the parties involved are not equally trustworthy , nor do their issues reflect similar urgencies : spain may be better equipped to deal with the financial catastrophe than greece . 
  after all , spain does have productive infrastructure . 
  which is why i return to my point . 
  there is no `` real '' solution except dismantling the euro or instituting a centralized federal government for europe . 
  the bailout of greece , the fiscal tightening , the talk , the posturing , they are all band-aids which wo n't last long and may make the problems worse . 
  in the mean time , it 's the best they 've got because no one wants to dismantle the euro , nor do they want to create a federal government . 
  and that 's my counter-argument : all debate is pointless without a tracendent , definitive decision . 
  p.s. - i 'm sorry you got downvoted . 
  i certainly hope people respect rediquette and avoid voting simply based on what they agree with and not based on the value that discussion brings to the forum . 
  you can rest assured , it was n't me who downvoted . 
  how so ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  like in the us , the eu federal government should work together with the eu central bank to bailout the eu financial system and protect the eu citizen 's savings . 
  of course , none of the above exists except a eu central bank . 
  that 's the real underlying problem . 
  you either have a federal government with one currency , or you have multiple governments with multiple currencies . 
  anything else will be , and already is , a disaster . 
  the only solution is for europe to unify federally , or for the euro to seize to exist . 
  until either of those happen , we will continue seeing half-baked `` solutions '' that do n't really help anyone . 
  germany could 've just bailed out their banks like america did , and let greece become insolvent , default , and left with a worthless , non-euro currency . 
  greece could now be the north korea of europe . 
  but no . 
  merkel bailed out greece instead . 
  is it unreasonable to expect such generosity to have the cost of fiscal discipline ? 
  sorry for the confusion, 
  `` those evil americans forced us into spending more money than we had on stupid shit we did n't need and which did n't improve our nation 's productivity '' . 
  a rallying cry i can get behind !, 
  tough criticism . 
  i notice you are sporting an italian flag . 
  did you know that italian 10y bonds are more expensive than mexico 's ? 
  i think the intent of the author is to point out that bailout money will run out at some point . 
  italy looks more and more like mexico to me every time i observe both countries . 
  i know europeans and mexicans alike would cringe at the comparison , but i think that this is simply , in my opinion , because europeans undervalue mexico , and mexicans overvalue italy . 
  m\u00e9xico was spain a long time ago . 
  uganda is right . 
  well , that explains why you suck at it !, 
  the government ( current and past ) in spain has and had nothing to do with spain 's employment problem . 
  the ( ex ) governments of greece and italy do . 
  yeah !, 
  they should 've just not paid back the money they borrowed !, 
  that would 've been great for their economy !, 
  as i understand it , greece was n't bailed-out . 
  it was offered a bail-out but the pm put it to a referendum , which caused the uncertainty crisis that is causing today 's employment problem . 
  i have to admit , i 've only been to texas , arizona , california , florida , alabama , and ny, 
  except for ny and san francisco , i ca n't think of a single us city made for walking . 
  i agree 100 % with this blog post . 
  well , that 's how it usually goes in 3rd world nations . 
  i know that comment will not go well with a lot of people , but , you have to admit , we 've seen this before in 3rd world nations , which is why the current situation is so surprising : no one ever expected this for europe . 
  if he does get kicked out and there is an election , voters will understand the issue at hand is the same as the referendum : - option a , stay in the euro and take the bailout with the conditions set by the euro zone - option b , do n't accept the conditions , do n't take the bailout , and leave the euro . 
  only 2 options . 
  maybe because climate change is easier to solve than the eurozone crisis ? 
  obviously it does n't , but that 's not going to stop people from trying . . 
  yes , i am from mexico . 
  no , i am not lecturing , simply giving my point of view . 
  a lot of people , however , find it easy to give excuses as to why my point of view is wrong . 
  i am merely explaining why my point of view is valid . 
  by the way , a random comment in reddit does not at all have the same power as , say , a condition in an international trade agreement . 
  otherwise , i agree with what you are saying , but , ultimately , it was n't the german government who sponsored this `` irrational exhuberance '' of irish banks ; it was german private investors and banks . 
  let them fail . 
  if germany wants to bail them out , then that is a german decision . 
  germany should n't interfere , positively or negatively , in irish decision . 
  if ireland decided to , on their own , back their banks 100 % at the expense of their people , that is ireland 's problem , not germany 's . 
  if some german investors were benefitted by ireland 's move , that is beside the point . 
  my point is , you can not be half a super country and half independent . 
  you need to be a single government to have a single currency . 
  you can not have a single currency with multiple governments . 
  you either split off completely , or unite completely , but whatever it is the eu is doing is unsustainable . 
  note : i am not saying it is either right or wrong , merely unsustainable . 
  finally , if there is a problem , it is because somebody sinned . 
  in the case of greece , i think it is very much the government 's fault . 
  in the case of ireland or spain , less so . 
  but , in any case , if somebody sinned , that somebody should be punished . 
  what i find wrong is this impulse of governments to shield their banks or cajas , or whatever from the punishment , and then expect the rest of europe to share the burden . 
  let the banks fail , and after that , clean up the mess . 
  do n't avoid it , because that is worse . 
  i agree . 
  it is called a bailout because the interest and the sum are both preferential in relation to what , otherwise , the reciever would be able to get . 
  if irish fell , for instance , their interest rate would be in the triple digits , and would find it hard to get even a quarter of the necessary capital . 
  becuase the interest and the principal are preferential , it is called a bailout . 
  also , the irish people are punishing the government now . 
  instead , they should have been more vigilant and avoid the issue all together . 
  in anycase , the point was that they have different goals and that causes issues . 
  actually , there were strings to the american bank bailout . 
  on the other hand , the government should n't have done that . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  it helps that i am not a part of the eu . 
  in 1995 , my country was the beneficiary of a bailout , but we paid it back in record time ( back then ) , and have since had continous growth . 
  we have lower unemployment than the us , and we are going to grow our economy by 5 % this year , with minimum inflation . 
  oh , also , we did not request a bailout nor did we need one after the 2008 financial crisis . 
  our currency is stronger than 3 years ago , too . 
  for years countries from europe and north america had lectured my country how to do things . 
  when we finally did it a bit differently , we are now in a better position . 
  so , forgive me if i 'm a bit judgemental . 
  but it is my opinion that all of the piigs countries could 've done a lot better with their management . 
  true , germany is on the line , but it is n't at all the german 's fault for what the smaller countries are going through . 
  germany did not ask greece to overspend on their olympics . 
  germany did not ask spain to give away real estate as if it was a freebie . 
  and germany certainly did not tell ireland to guarantee 100 % of the deposits of the irish banks . 
  the issue is that , now that all of these instances of irrational exhuberance are problems , now and only now have they become `` european problems '' . 
  but they were n't `` european issues '' back then , were they ?
