  the guy whose birthday is also the date mexico celebrates independence is not the same guy as the first emperor of mexico . 
  also , the first emperor of mexico was not the only emperor of mexico ... 
  you got nothing on mexico , though . 
  the french napoleon deposes the spanish catholic king and imposes a puppet monarchy with representative parliaments in spain and all colonies , including the viceroyalty of new spain . 
  mexicans find the idea of representative-democracy appalling , so their priests and nobility conspire to rattle the natives to fight against the french and to restore the king 's reign . 
  they fail miserably for over a decade until they save up enough money to bribe the main spanish general in the region , who then becomes an emperor who establishes a parliamentary monarchy . 
  infighting leads to the guy quitting after 10 months , and total chaos for 50 years . 
  we celebrate this every year on the date of the birthday of the worst dictator mexico has ever had , as a remembrance of our freedom . 
  if you had to include all teams that have played in european leagues , then you 'd have to include morocco there too ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atl%c3%a9tico_tetu%c3%a1n, 
  and the women , too ... 
  actually , i think they lost because they lied , not necessarily because it was the islamists . 
  i mean , spain was n't the only european partner in the us 's coalition of the willing . 
  they could 've made the argument that `` now more than ever '' did the country needed their party to remain and finish what they started . 
  they chose poorly . 
  he was n't a king . 
  he was emperor of mexico . 
  also , i do n't know about being good . 
  i just know he was cool . 
  sort of like a mid-19th century obama . 
  well , when i say formally , i meant that the british actually did show up along with the french when the french invaded mexico . 
  but the british negotiated terms and left , while the opportunists french did n't , stayed , and invaded . 
  i also think that this entire french incursion into mexico is one of the most illustrative examples of magical realism that pervades mexico 's history . 
  the mexican conservatives conspired with a foreign nation to invade their own country so they could get a european monarch to rule over them , and the monarch the french chose was the liberal maximilian of hapsburg , who , by trying to be the best leader mexico could ever have , ended up alienating everyone in mexico , and in the end , was left to his own devices by the french . 
  when juarez , maximilian 's successor , died , he was succeeded himself by porfirio diaz , one of the most ruthless dictators mexico has ever had , and he stayed in power for 30 years . 
  today , mexico celebrates diaz 's birthday as their independence day , and shuns maximilian . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  yes , i agree it was an exaggeration . 
  i mean , the british have never formally invaded mexico . 
  yet , it 's still on the map . 
  nevertheless , it 's still quite an impressive show of their historical power . 
   it would be nice if engineers at lockheed could avoid opening the latest cat video infected with a worm . 
  an engineer not opening a cat video ?!, 
  i would 've thought tajikistan was a more attractive target . 
  [ the british have invaded 9 out of 10 countries , so look out luxembourg ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/9653497/british-have-invaded-nine-out-of-ten-countries-so-look-out-luxembourg.html ) !, 
  i thought it meant `` to raise a white flag '' . 
  btw , i 'm surprised people could n't read the sarcasm in my previous comment . 
  i mean , the mexican wave originated in the united states , but it 's called that way because it was used in the mexico 1986 world cup ... 
  it seems like sarcastic humor is prohibited now ... 
  you mean , [ this recent history ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxhs0mxqqyg ) ? 
  but italy and germany have won the world cup more times each than spain ... 
  japan : unwanted advances on nanjing, 
  and neither of them is spanish . 
  japan : reduced to rubble by a little boy and a fat man ... ^ i ^ really ^ tried ^ not ^ to ^ make ^ it ^ sound ^ like ^ this ^ excused ^ the ^ killing ^ of ^ chinese . 
  ^ merely ^ trying ^ to ^ start ^ a ^ thread ^ of ^ * other * ^ things ^ japan ^ can ^ be ^ known ^ for ... 
  have the turkish people not hear about the japanese lost decade ? 
  yes , it 's also 1000 years older . 
  first of all , as an inhabitant of the country that gave the world [ cacao ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theobroma_cacao ) , without which the world would n't even have chocolate , i think that it 's ridiculous that either belgium or switzerland are seen as * the * chocolate country . 
  secondly , i 've tried both belgian and swiss chocolate . 
  both are very good . 
  you can quit bantering now . 
  wait . 
  i 've heard of belgian waffles , but never of belgian fries . 
  french fries are from france . 
  it says so right in the name !, 
  logically , china would n't want a war . 
  but logic does n't seem to be dictating chinese foreign policy when it comes to attacking its neighbors . 
  it is being debated to be ~ ~ lifted ~ ~ re-defined . 
  the current government and the obama administration favor the changes , so it may well happen . 
  yes , but the portuguese still have cristiano ronaldo , so i 'm gon na chose to laugh about a comic . 
  spain , good at soccer . 
  i must say , though the spanish `` la liga '' is good , the premiere league is arguably better . 
  not to mention , germany and italy are both better than spain at soccer . 
  i 'm pretty sure most countries did n't want muslims back in 1933 either . 
  to be fair , the swiss were n't stupid enough to ask the public for their opinion ... 
  the risk of contagion will remain high as long as the euro exists . 
  and of course everybody knows what will happen if the euro is dropped . 
  it is precisely that reason why all of europe , the imf , the world bank , the us , and everyone has begged germany to continue bailing out europe . 
  it 's gon na be the mother of all bank runs and everyone wanting to cash in germany . 
  what i 'm saying is that it does n't matter because that is not a long term solution . 
  greece was bailed-out ( evidently not saved ) because it prolonged the life of the euro and prevented a crisis of confidence in the euro , which german savers use to , you know , save . 
  in order to save the euro , there needs to be a federal european government . 
  when is that gon na happen ? 
  never !, 
  so why not just drop the pretense and stop using the euro ? 
  it costs less if its done sooner rather than later and germany is in a better position to minimize the fallout locally . 
  dropping the euro is the best logical thing to germany 's best interests . 
  but it would collapse the rest of euro-area ( with the possible exception of france ) . 
  that 's why greece got a bailout , to protect other euro countries . 
  it heavily affected every single euro country , and none more so than germany . 
  and the cause was that greece acted irresponsibly . 
  so , yes , greece should be held to a high standard of fiscal responsibility if it wants a bail out . 
  it screwed europe with the bailout , so it should pay . 
  if it does n't want the bailout , then stop the posturing and leave the euro . 
  no one is forcing the euro on them . 
  being in the euro is voluntary . 
  and germany will survive ... 
  why would banks in italy collapse if greece defaults ? 
  because the euro , which is the same for both countries , will have greece 's country risk attached to it . 
  this is what happens when you have multiple countries with a single currency . 
  so , individual countries are incentived to act , as greece did , wrecklessly , because they know others will share the costs . 
  that is the definition of moral hazard : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moral_hazard i was n't missing the point . 
  you are raising the point of moral hazard . 
  of course , the us federal government also debated moral hazard when they bailed-out its financial system . 
  my counter-point is that you ca n't expect germany to behave as the federal government of europe , unless , of course , you want a europe ruled by germany . 
  spain needs to bail out its own banks , but obviously , it does n't have enough money to do this , so what do they do ? 
  they ask for a bailout . 
  i know that , right now , spain is pretending they do n't need a bailout , but you , me , rajoy , and everyone knows very well that they are not fooling anyone . 
  if you are implying that , somehow , this is the reason why germany ( or europe in general ) had an obligation to bail out greece , so that they could in turn bail-out their own banks , as spain will do , then you are forgetting that greece and spain are different countries , with different structural issues . 
  spain 's issue is its medieval banking structure . 
  greece 's issue is government corruption and untrustworthiness .
