  5 ) i do n't think the u.s. would be interested , and with a president like trump , the u.s would never be dealing with any of this unless it really benefited them , which it does n't . 
  i started reading the first half of the title ` warsaw will make pact against eu states ' and i was like : '' not this again ! '', 
  there are 700 ' 000 people living in detroit , there are 130 million people living in italy , spain , greece and portugal . 
  the us works differently . 
  it 's the same country , so money is gon na circulate around . 
  richer californians will not be hesitant to give some of their tax money to poorer regions of the us , whereas germans or swedes are more willing to give money to poorer regions of their own country and not greece or italy . 
  emotions ? 
  i 'm being way more scientific than anyone in here . 
  there are huge differences between fgm and male circumcision . 
  on a moral basis , the two can indeed be compared , on a scientific level , fgm is significally worse . 
  there are tons of studies that show how negative fgm is , and every study made about male circumcision has n't been convincing . 
  it 's like comparing an ear piercing with chopping off someone 's ear . 
  http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/why-female-genital-mutilation-very-different-issue-male-circumcision-1486805 http://thecircumcisiondecision.com/male-vs-female-circumcision/ https://www.theguardian.com/theobserver/2012/jul/29/the-big-issue-male-circumcision, 
  good for the eu , i guess ? 
  just because it 's doing better than expected , we still should n't treat the eu as if it were a single country - the growth of the eu as a whole does n't affect every eu citizen . 
  some countries are doing better , some countries are doing worse . 
  we should be looking at the growth rate of every single country , not put them together as one . 
  this might be good news for the us and uk since the eu is an important trading partner for them , but to someone living in southern europe it does n't mean much . 
  we should n't compare male circumcision with fgm , the concept is kind of ( ? ), 
  the same , but there are huge differences . 
  fgm , involves the partial or complete removal of the female genitalia , and it should be a crime everywhere because it is unacceptable by any measure . 
  it makes intercourse extremely painful , makes giving birth painful or impossible and cause serious medical complications and infections . 
  male circumcision is the removal of the foreskin , the worst thing it can do is reduce sensibilty . 
  not really , even if you did , it would look kind of weird if someone lacked the confidence to do it . 
  you have to do it in a way that it seems natural . 
  gestures in italian do not replace words most of the time , they are used to intensify the feelings ( if you 're angry , in a hurry , mocking someone , making signs behind someone 's back or are telling something you 're happy/angry or passionate about ) . 
  and you ca n't use some of them with everyone . 
  plus , we do n't use them that often . 
  it really depends on the person and how they want to express themselves . 
  and it depends on where you live ; certainly someone from milan ( who is generally more serious ) would use way less gestures than someone from naples . 
  and plus , they can also mean different things depending on where you are . 
  exaclty , it makes more sense to put the brazilian flag , which is way more recognisable internationally . 
  and pretty much every online portuguese course uses brazilian portuguese anyways . 
  when people think of the portuguese language , they think of the brazilian accent and have no idea how different european portuguese sounds . 
  when i first started learning portuguese it was very difficult finding materials in european portuguese , so i just gave up and ended up studying brazilian portuguese , which slowly became my favorite accent . 
  when i visited braga and porto everyone understood me but not the other way , they had to speak slowly and pronounce vowels . 
  i guess it 's all about exposure , the portuguese understand brazilian pt since you 're pretty much bombarded with brazilian soap operas and music . 
  however , this extreme diversity is what makes portuguese fascinating . 
  even brazil , which is a ` young ( er ) ' country has tons of accents . 
  there are so many things that are wrong with this ` graph ' / ` map ' - there is no way hungarians and croats are pretty much the exact same people as this graph shows - somehow northern italians / tuscans and southern italians are no related whatsoever ( did trump build two walls dividing italy in the past ? ), 
  but central / south italy has more in common with greece ( ? ), 
  - what does ` kosovar ' even mean , are n't they albanians ? 
  - denmark , czechia , latvia , ukraine etc are missing even though it would n't be too hard to locate them on this map - cypriots ? 
  was n't cyprus settled by greeks ? 
  how come they have nothing in common with greeks or arabs or turks ? 
  i 'm confused, 
  romans did n't ` copy everything ' , they were influenced by greek art . 
  most of the teachers came from greece and they taught art and architecture to the romans , who did n't copy it , but were heavily influenced . 
  romans did n't copy as much as people think they did . 
  the reason why art and architecture is pretty similar to greek art is because the romans were taught by the greeks . 
  when the ancient greek empire fell to the roman republic , the romans took greek slaves , and lots of them became teachers . 
  what the greeks taught to the romans influenced their culture . 
  even though roman art is influenced by greek art , roman architects and artists almost always gave different characteristics . 
  not just art , of course , romans were also influenced by greek writers , philosophers , religion ecc . 
  if you mean greek statues , yes , some of them were exact copies of greek statues , but romans never claimed them as their own , the romans just met the demand of rich people who wanted everything to look like greek art , since it was very ` trendy ' at the time . 
  and plus , if it were n't for the romans copies , we would n't even know what some of the most beautiful greek statues who were destroyed really looked like , so yeah , it was a cultural exchange , not the romans stealing from the greek . 
  charlie hebdo is a satirical newspaper . 
  satire makes fun of and criticizes people 's stupidity , it does n't ` offend ' . 
  and there 's no reason why anyone would ` offend ' a group of people trapped in an avalanche-crushed building with low chances of suriving . 
  unfortunately the 're not irrelevant , at least in italy . 
  these caricatures always get media attention in our country . 
  in september ch published [ the worst caricature possible imo ] ( http://media.breitbart.com/media/2016/09/charlie-hebdo-2-640x480.jpg ) portraying italian earthquake victims as pasta dishes covered in sauce and later claiming that it did n't made fun of the victims but the scarce quality of the buildings build by the [ mafia ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/50ce/production/_91168602_charliehebdo_mafia_cartoon.jpg ) . 
  charlie hebdo was sued , the french embassy released statements , so yeah , they can easily cause scandals . 
  however using natural disasters as a way of boosting sales and media coverage is pretty terrible . 
  georgia was called iberia , the same name of the region where spain and portugal are, 
  not only in the us , in italy ( and france ) as well . 
  the only difference is that a bohemian is esentially a hippy for us italians , not necessarily a gypsy, 
  what 's even funnier is that ethiopia has the highest gdp [ growth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_real_gdp_growth_rate ) in the entire world , so yeah , we 're still losing, 
  that 's not what i mean at all . 
  if kosovo gives parts of the north where albanians are a minority in exchange for recognition , it will help resolve this problem without war . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  so basically serbia wants to annex a part of land which they still consider ` theirs ' ? 
  does this mean they will/might recognise kosovo and take one tiny part of kosovo ? 
  that would be pretty reasonable i guess but a very easy solution by balkan standards, 
  thank you !, 
  these comparisons are ridiculous . 
  i mean , sure , gay people in europe are very lucky they do n't live in uganda or in a country where they could get killed just for being gay but that does n't mean they ca n't complain about things just because they should be thankful they do n't get stoned . 
  every country and continent has its own problems , just because someone is better off does n't mean their lives are perfect and they ca n't complain because ` some countries have it way worse ' . 
  it is definitely not just about ` marriage ' . 
  that is just one excuse by people who use religion , the constitution and the dictionary as a way to justify their hate for lgbt community . 
  and it has nothing to do with the fact that a child needs a mother and a father to grow in the right way . 
  these are all excuses . 
  are single moms descriminated against in poland , just because their child doe n't have a father ? 
  are n't most criminals raised by a heterosexual couple ? 
  even one single parent can raise a child the right way , trust me . 
  the point is everyone loves to use religion to justify their narrow mindedness . 
  i ca n't go on infinitely explaining what 's pretty obvious : i was trying to be as neutral as possible but i do n't have another option : the kosovo war was , among other things , a huge humanitarian crisis . 
  we 're talking about a conflict turned into one of the bloodiest and most tragic events in europe since world war ii . 
  based on what had happened in other balkan countries , specifically ex-yugoslavia 's , the whole world knew we could n't let serbia do any more damage . 
  enough was enough . 
  there was ethnic cleansing to a population who saw their basic rights get taken away . 
  what were we supposed to do ? 
  we ( actually the usa , we just send the planes usa ordered us to do ) prevented a bigger genocide . 
  so let me explain it to you : greeks are not killing macedonians and forcing them to go back to albania and bulgaria . 
  they are not killing innocent macedonians . 
  this is not a bloody war , this is two countries just finding idiot issues to argue about a four digits name . 
  the kosovo war was everyone 's problem , just like ( since we 're making nonsense comparisons ) the holocaust was n't just a jewish-germany problem . 
  deaths , suppression , ethnic cleansing , human rights denial require international attention . 
  that 's not happening in macedonia right now , is it ? 
  i ca n't believe you are actually comparing kosovo , an armed conflict with ethnic cleansing , refugee crisis , civilian deaths , denial of basic human rights with the name issue of macedonia ?
