i was wondering which city it was as well , i think it 's zagreb and budapest on the right , belgrade could be the one south of those two ? 
  you can see how it compares to the rest of europe [ img ] ( http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5526/12350431693_f2c6c792ba_b.jpg ), 
  chips for breakfast ? 
  anyways , the amalfi coast is gorgeous as always, 
  the days when italians would make more than two babies are long gone . 
  for more than 40/50 years ( do n't quote me on that ) italians have been making two babies or one . 
  ( i would say our grandparents : 3 childrem , our parents : 2 and us : 1 ) i only know a handful of families who have three children , most twenty somethings only have one or no sisters/brothers . 
  religion has little to no impact over this actually . 
  nowadays for most young couples a child would cost too much ; making a baby means having less money , problems in their careers and well-being . 
  women with kids who are looking for a job will have a hard time finding it because no one would hire them anymore . 
  it 's pretty hard to get a stable job that pays well in your 20 's so most couples have to wait until they 're 30 or more in order to raise a child without problems . 
  you may also have to move to bigger cities in order to find a job so now you have a rent to pay as well . 
  if you want to live well and in peace with a child you have to reach almost middle class status , which is hard for young people ( unless they 're f * ing doctors or engineers ) who mostly do internships and low paid jobs and have to depend on their parents even after college . 
  most friends i have are way too dedicated on their work/field of study and kids are the last thing on their mind . 
  most immigrants make as much children as the local popuation , so it 's not like they 're boosting the fertility rate significantly, 
  jeez , russia recovered from the terrorist attack pretty quick ... 
  it 's actually 7 % , ( 4.8 mln january 2016 ) according to aire ( anagrafe degli italiani residenti all ` estero ) which only counts registered people living abroad from more than 1 year , so the number is higher than the one on the photo and higher than the one aire has if we count people working abroad for a couple of month , people who decide not te register to the aire and in the last years it 's been growing , so it 's definitely higher . 
  then we have second/third generation italians and people with italian origins ( italian diaspora ) , 80 mln people mostly in brasil , argentina and the us the italian constitutional referendum counted the number of registered italian citizens living outside of italy by country : http://www.repubblica.it/static/speciale/2016/referendum/costituzionale/estero.html there were 2.166.037 registered italians in europe ( 2016 ) who were asked to vote . 
  your comment would make sense if a company writes ` low quality snickers bar ' on the label - then the costumer should n't complain if he buys it and should n't expect a high quality product . 
  how is someone supposed to know the quality of the product if he 's never tried it and if the price does n't indicate it ? 
  if the label says ` swiss chocolate ' is it my fault if i buy it thinking that the chocolate is indeed swiss , or am i just stupid because i should 've known it was n't swiss out of nowhere ? 
  if the label says ` made in germany ' and i buy it thinking it 's superior quality and the company made in in f * ing bangladesh , is it my fault ? 
  if i 'm allergic to nuts and the label does n't say it is it my fault if i end up at the hospital ? 
  there should be restrictions on how a company brands it 's products , otherwise we would end up with supermarkets filled with utopian products with sh1tty quality . 
  according to the italian wikipedia , a source from the dutch kpmg says that as a brand , ` made in italy ' is the third most famous after coca-cola and visa . 
  i totally get that , but he actually works as a translator at the european comission . 
  my comment was n't about how he makes money out of his hobby , i was just wondering what languages is he translating . 
  as a job , it requires advanced knowledge of two languages . 
  while no one is expecting him to reach a mother tongue level at all these languages , as a traslator he has to be excellent at at least two languages . 
  so far i have n't seen him speak any language at a ` interpreter ' or ` translator ' level, 
  is n't the colombian accent like the most ` neutral ' of all the other spanish accents ? 
  maybe he wanted to study a more ` universal ' accent of spanish since castillian spanish is a little heavier . 
  although i would expect a greek to have no problems with castillian spanish since they both have similar sounds . 
  i wonder what languages is he translating . 
  i mean , the eu institutions already have hundreds of professional interpreters and translators who have reached mother tongue level at their target language and are almost perfect at understanding and translating everything that is spoken . 
  although speaking all these languages is absolutely impressive and something neither of us will ever achieve , the level at which these languages are spoken is b2 at most . 
  maybe he translates weird language combinations where it 's harder to find translators ( like i do n't know , turkish to latvian or finnish to maltese ) but i really do n't see how this is any useful for the eu institutions . 
  this is extremely embarassing . 
  this talk show was aired in national tv , not some conservative tv network run by berlusconi . 
  i do n't know where they got their data but this mentality has to be shared only by old conservative men raised in farms ; at lesat i hope so ; if that 's not the case then i 'm worried for this country . 
  we are dealing with horrible cases of femicide and domestic violence in italy , at least 100 women get killed every year by jealous boyfriends/husbands . 
  just one month ago a young girl lost her sight because acid was thrown at her face ( which is not uncommon ) and here they are talking about eatern european women and how men can do whatever the hell they want and still end up with a beutiful , non-jealous submissive housewife . 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't know where this stereotype of eastern europen women comes from . 
  the ones i know are just as independent and strong-minded as italian women , if not more . 
  good thing they took the show off . 
  this was way out of line, 
  well , italy is between uzbekistan and russia . 
  i think people in different countries/cultures have different defintions of ` happiness ' . 
  countries like italy , portugal and greece are probably comparing their current situation to that of 10 years ago . 
  political issues , slow economic growth and lack of jobs are more than enough for making a western country unhappy , but not miserable . 
  i honestly do n't know how can venezuala ( a dictatorship , one of the unsafest countries in the world with empty shops and lack of food ) can be compared to greece and portugal to bosnia . 
  we ( southern europeans ) should stop being so stuck up and practice something called gratitude instead of considering our countries like the worst ones in the world . 
  losing your job ( portugal ) and not having food on your table ( venezuela ) is not the same thing, 
  according to the website there is only one country learning italian and another one learning turkish . 
  i would probably say malta for italian , not sure about turkey though, 
  italy attracts immigrants from northern africa and eastern europe . 
  the only eu countries italy attracts are romania and bulgaria , the rest comes from non-eu countries , so that 's probably it . 
  plus , italians are moving to other countries lately so that 's probably why . 
  so they are worried about their kids becoming gay but they 're okay with women marrying ugly beasts and kissing frogs ? 
  i live 20 km away from milan and work in milan , so i know how self-conscious and insecure people are about the way they look and dress and it 's gotten out of control . 
  however i 've noticed that in other parts of italy , people do care about the way they look , but not as excessively as putting the effort to go to the gym or exercise every day . 
  or maybe we 're just lazy . 
  8.1 % in switzerland ( l1 ) , 40-50 % in albania ( l2 ) according to wikipedia . 
  same thing in italy . 
  the mediterrean diet is very healthy and most italians are very thin even without exercising . 
  obesity rates are quite low in italy and france . 
  the main reason italians ( and maybe the french ) do n't excercise is because they ( except for teenagers and young people ) are not very worried about how their bodies look , so there is n't a ` social pressure ' to look fit or muscular . 
  while i do n't expect the majority of the french to vote for le pen , if fn wins the election then it 's a cause for concern . 
  everybody thought americans would n't fall in trump 's trap , yet they did , and the brits to leave their biggest economy partner , but they did . 
  i really hope the french do n't vote for le pen , it would make the far right unstoppable in the rest of europe , eventially making our continent more divided than it currently is . 
  spain is the fifth biggest economy in the eu . 
  while certainly not in a great shape they are still a very important country . 
  learning spanish ( or any other language for that matter ) is always an added bonus . 
  do n't limit yourself to spain alone . 
  spanish is the second most spoken language in the world . 
  the company you work with might want to do business in south america/mexico and that 's where speaking spanish is going to help you . 
  english proficiency in spain is not high at all so your company will almost certainly ask you to go to spain to do business . 
  also germany is the second export partner of spain . 
  keep in mind that spanish is a romance language , so once you learn it , learning italian , french and portuguese should be very easy . 
  this is one of the cases where their statement may have something to do with discrimination . 
  almost all european countries have anti-discrimination laws regarding lgbtq people . 
  plus , spain is the most progressive country in southern europe when it comes to lgbt rights so it 's a good thing the general public does not agree with these crazy people.it would be interesting to see what the authorities are going to do about it, 
  he 's been living in russia for more than 30 years , he should have the right to become a russian citizen . 
  i do n't know how long one has to live in russia to do that or if the time spent in prison counts or not , but 30 years should be enough . 
  that 's what i reccomend too . 
  i just found out that nespresso is a nestle brand as well . 
  - . - anyways , i reccomend you start with the lavazza ` classics ' like qualit\u00e0 oro / qualit\u00e0 rossa and crema e gusto . 
  one cup of coffe , a brioche and you 've got yourself an italian breakfast . 
  i do n't know where you live but the most famous brands that also make affordable coffee machines that you will likely find in your country are : - nescaf\u00e8 ( which is not an italian brand , but since it 's nestl\u00e8 , it 's easier to find ) - nescafe\u0301 dolce gusto - 40eu on amazon - lavazza - lavazza a modo mio - 55eu ( lavazza is a well-known brand in italy and their coffee is unbeatable at this price range ) there are tons of other brands like nespresso etc , but they are not that cheap . 
  you have to buy the so-called ` capsule ' : you buy them in packs of 30 which cost 10/15 euros . 
  you just put them in the coffee machine , press start and it starts making the coffee . 
  while it 's absolutely not the same thing as a cup of coffee professionally made by an italian barista , it 's better than the standard coffee you can have abroad . 
  i do n't know much about russian and ukrainan , but english was influenced by latin and ( mostly ) french . 
  the only thing german and english have in common are some verbs , old grammatical rules , inflection and sentence structures ( which is the best indicator of what family a language belongs to ) that have been simplfied in english but not so much in german . 
  so in a way , german is a ` purer ' germanic language whereas english , has borrowed almost 45 % of words from french/latin . 
  what about icelandic ? 
  the map shows it 's closely related to norwegian , but i do n't think you guys would understand each-other at all , am i right ? 
  why it ca n't happen and why it wo n't : 1 ) kosovo is not an independent country yet , which means it ca n't just keep joining and leaving countries all willy-nilly 1 . a ) even if it were an independent country their constitution ( if i remember correctly ) states that they will never join another country 2 ) nobody can decide for ( fyro ) macedonia ( without breaking international laws ) except for macedonians themselves 3 ) macedonians and alb.macedonians do n't seem that interested and even if they were i highly doubt albanians would choose kosovo over albania . 
  4 ) this destabilizes the region completely and every other european and balkan country ( including albania and bulgaria would be my guess ) would oppose to this - splitting ( fyro ) macedonia does not benefit anyone , really .
