  aaand ... it seems like it was an accident . 
  http://www.stuttgarter-nachrichten.de/inhalt.nach-bluttat-in-reutlingen-heldengeschichte-ist-absoluter-mumpitz.96dbd676-0ab1-4855-abc1-90e148eb8367.html just a coincidence that he ran that guy over . 
  but let 's cross our fingers for the karma reckoning to keep coming . 
  if you are a 80s kid ... you heard a lot about czechoslovakia , so slovakia is the one east to czech r. , slovenia is the other one . 
  that works for me , at least until i stay some days in one of them . 
  i will easily remember then , but so far i have just driven through . 
  or a gal type . 
  maybe it 's less known ; they were a government `` sanctioned '' group targetting eta using a terrorist like approach ( torture and guns , no bombs ) . 
  i hope it 's deemed safe enough for the horses and this can get in . 
  it would be the best one by a long shot . 
  +1 we need a post to check how many series we got from the rest of europe . 
  we would get some surprises . 
  more like being in the sweet spot . 
  `` rich '' enough to be able to buy a lot of shit for yourself and one son , and think that is necessary , poor enough to need to have both man and woman working 10h to get all that shit for only one . 
  if people were uneducated and poorer they will pop as many children as god gave them . 
  i. . . ah ... kinda forgot america is there . 
  there is plenty going on in europe , and america has been keeping to itself . 
  so ... was obama a good or bad president ? 
  madrid ? 
  triggered . 
  it seems like the rumor is a tax increase to find 22k million . 
  as long as salaries do n't increase , more jobs are just not enough to balance the numbers . 
  and they just reduced the taxes before the elections , curious . 
  we are not out of the woods yet . 
  they need to reach an agreement on how to finance the social security , and this has been delayed due to lack of government . 
  and it does n't bode well ; they will need to take some harsh decisions to find the money . 
  it 's because people like you when you let the topic rest . 
  i know , that 's why i find the idea that there is supposed to be a difference curious . 
  i wonder if in the countries were both exists , one can see the difference between cath/prot . 
  in the people , not in the hierarchy . 
  as in , if you are more open minded you switch to protestant . 
  dude , you did n't bring up catalonia is not spain until a four-level reply ... are you ok ? 
  and i would say that young catholics are not as close minded as people think ( specially protestants ... is there supposed to be a difference between both ( cath/prot ) in that regard ? 
  it has been mentioned a couple of times in the thread ... ), 
  +1 good lord , i was laughing my ass off with those shots ... then it got interesting , but at the start it was being one of the most saddest penalty round of the history . 
  there were plenty of people from middle/upper class argentina coming over when shit went down ( it happened at the same time i started uni , and shared class with quite a few ) . 
  mexico ... if they look to get out , i would say they will rather try for the us , quite closer , better money . 
  it 's not like english is an issue for any qualified worker . 
  there has been a lot of immigration from morocco since years , but only for no qualification jobs . 
  as engineer , any field , the differences in salary/conditions are usually big enough to overcome any sentimental reason , unless you are scared or tied ( your partner wo n't go with you ) to do the jump . 
  anyways , if you do n't live to begin with in madrid/barcelona , chances are you already have to move there and leave family/friends behind ... why do n't emigrate a bit farther away and double your money ? 
  there is no need for more jobs to get back the people that went out . 
  there are plenty , more than people . 
  what they need is better paying ones . 
  they are offering 18k $ to fresh out of the uni engineers . 
  does it come as a surprise they struggle to find the people ? 
  i do n't know why we have two threads on this , i guess to explain two times the `` news '' . 
  which are not news at all . 
  only the uk can negotiate with eu . 
  if scotland wants to stay , it must leave the uk , and join then . 
  they will be welcome . 
  but we ca n't have half the uk inside the eu , half not . 
  also , the sun rises tomorrow . 
  i do n't think having a long existence invalidates the argument ... if anything , it strengthens it , does n't it ? 
  what 's is exactly the endgame ? 
  has it been adapted with detail , not half-assed , through hundred of years of economic , legal and political changes ? 
  it 's going over your head , but it 's not your fault , the article lends to it . 
  there is actually no news at all , he might as well said that the sun rises in the east . 
  uk is the only entity that can negotiate . 
  if scotland wants to negotiate , they have to leave the uk first . 
  once they do , nobody intends to block the entry . 
  umm ... 
  thanks for the news , yes . 
  basque country is nothing short of a federation at this point , just not at the name . 
  the rest of regions are a step below , as only the basque country have a tailored economic agreement , in which they negotiate how much tax money they give or get to the rest of spain . 
  being one out of the richest , the usually end up quite better off this way . 
  i will also be curious how many federation countries are actually below those levels of autonomy . 
  quite a few , i would say . 
  about whether is a feelings issue ... well , the answer depends on the wording . 
  if you say `` feelings '' yes , is a feelings issue . 
  if you use the synonym `` populism '' or `` demagogy '' , it is not , you fascist . 
  there is an analogy there with the 350m/week arguments and `` the barking dog that caught the car '' there ... take a group of parties whose bid for power is a far away promise that will somehow make everything better . 
  the focus is the process of reaching that promised land ; that 's what empower those parties and give them representation and seats , in the meanwhile carrying politics not different from your typical left/right parties , same corruption problems , etc. 
  but the difference is that promised land in the horizon . 
  how the things will work after , it 's not their problem . 
  they got what they wanted , enjoyed the trip , and can sit down and watch shit burn down , letting whoever comes next figure it out and take the blame . 
  i am not sure so of that . 
  the whole campaign has been about promoting those sentiments , even more , creating them . 
  in a lot of cases they were not there before ; in other they were just mild , sleeping feelings . 
  in other people , yes , they were there , as they are in other countries . 
  but i had only hear about the sporadic xenophobic attack against some spaniard in there , and half of the cases the people around turned to help . 
  the mass have just been given an enemy during the campaign , and now they turn against it . 
  and the worse the situation go , the more people will either turn against other europeans , or the british that voted the opposite . 
   when ireland and malta joined the eu , english was already an official language , which is why the two countries asked for gaelic and maltese to be added to the list . 
  that 's what i was looking . 
  i was the only one wondering `` what about ireland '' ? 
  their secret ... 
  deadly cold anywhere but a small part in the south !, 
  live there or freeze your soul off . 
  cs is close to pp . 
  pp tried to rally all the votes to them , claiming it was the only solution to prevent podemos from governing . 
  i guess it worked , and voters from cs switched to pp . 
  so , fear of podemos getting anywhere close to govern sank a bit cs , at least this time . 
  it did n't change anything , most likely : if they are * not * going for a 3rd election , pp will govern in minority ( pp : will vote yes to the pp governing , cs : will vote yes , podemos : will vote no , psoe : wo n't vote to allow the pp to govern ), 
  well , this was boring . 
  since i had not big expectatives for cs to do better , and even if it is not responsible of me , i was expecting the apocalypse instead of deadlock 2.0 just to have some excitement . 
  i guess i have enough already with the brexit . 
  176 pp+c s will have been the better result , with as much control from cs as possible . 
  i can not answer questions for the universe you live in . 
  find someone there and ask him .
