  people kill each for being different . 
  `` de-religionase '' would just remove the comfort of a otherwise hopeless life . 
  oh god , i need to go back to living in spain , i am missing so many things ... 
  the bags are different now and i didnt knew . 
  i didnt knew !, 
  he , like the socialists are going to ban it ... podemos might do it , but having to drive the country into the mud is not worth getting a ban for this . 
  the only solution is either increase the protests or wait for it to die out . 
  because there might be protests from time to time , but on the big cities there is as little interest on protesting these things , as there is for attending them . 
  the us have obviously a lot of say in the english speaking side of the internet , so it 's easy to feel like the `` whole world '' went against that via internet . 
  but obviously , russia , half europe , japan , china , saudi arabia , etc , etc , etcx1000 did n't give a shit . 
  i had to search my comments for it , but gerardpb2 , in an amusing defense of why banning bullfighting in catalonia while keeping the correbous which are obviously not torture is sane . 
  it was very popular in our parents generation ( if you are 20s-30s ) . 
  curious that it did n't survive there and still going strong in the rest of europe ( denmark they said ; i also saw it poland everywhere ) . 
  not really . 
  not even to them . 
  you missed the u. 
  if it does n't end in u is not asturian . 
  i see clear enough what 's being the words . 
  for some strange reason you think , or tried to make any passerby think , that everyone up there is leftist ( or a  95 % , whatever `` nobody '' means in your language ) . 
  do n't be shy , you imagine your neocatalonia as some kind of anarcho-communism paradise . 
  ca n't wait to torch some churches good old 30s style and exile the `` not true catalans '' that wear ties , ca n't you ? 
  so ... cup voter , or something darker ? 
  what you said is that those three institutions were wanted by nobody in there . 
  read your own words again . 
  bah , why do i bother , retarded it is . 
  almost as those bishops that are helping you in creating this misery . 
  well , yes , being bad is having harmful opinions or ideas . 
  what did you think it was about ? 
  being born an orc ? 
  do n't take me very seriously while i speak with the genocidal turk ... 
  all or just the bad 40 % ? 
  because the other 60 % seem to the victims , and a good number of that 40 % will grow out of it . 
  you seem to like weapons too much , anyhow . 
  nobody in catalonia is monarchic , christian or thinks armies are necessary . 
  are you a troll trying to pass independentists as retarded or was that real ? 
  was it that hard to be objective and present the whole data ? 
  the data were counting both those who would vote , and those who refuse , the `` yes '' is 41.1 % , the `` no '' a 49.4 % , the rest `` do n't know '' , it 's not important , is it ? 
  it started wrong , and it can only end worse . 
  yeah , switching languages to throw shit is quite bad manners . 
  fret not , once you start leaving your village both that and your nationalism will go away . 
  yeah ... 
  it was almost a rhetorical question ; hurling catalan to divide and confront instead of using it to communicate it 's independentism 101 . 
  sorry , i guess that happens when the other party decides to change languages in front of everyone just to shit on people . 
  do you do it often ? 
  wait , you * were * trying to convince somebody ? 
  why not do it in english ? 
  in this way it looks like a pathetic way to try and dish somebody behind his back . 
  fair point . 
  if you are going to plow through and ignore the law , you may as well recruit ... well , * that * guy for it . 
  he certainly wont care about any consequences , so he is up to the task . 
  there ends the list of his competences for his role ; if you are happy with him , it 's your police at the end . 
  oh , i thought the article was about the purge of any non independentist from the government and institutions . 
  just yesterday the head of the catalan police was replaced , as the previous was n't willing to order his men into ignoring the law . 
  let 's not go from one extreme to the other . 
  having a bigger percentage of old people than in the past and a slowly shrinking population is ok if you have a more producing technology . 
  i do n't know if somebody remembers that having too much people in the world can also be bad ; the superpopulation problem has fallen out of the scene - i guess because speaking about it now is speaking against africans/asians , while on my childhood it was speaking against europeans . 
  it 's a bit sad that nigeria looking forward to the 600 million is ok while predictions of spain going to 80 million were terrible news of unsustainable future back in the 80/90s . 
  sometimes i find sense those theories of nwo looking at how the media has swing in these last 30 years from `` do n't have children , do not have children , we are too many , we will starve '' to `` let 's take immigrants , we need them to cover our lack of children , we will starve '' . 
  you could do with less people if they are producing more ... 
  so , machinery and robotics . 
  well , it 's also the same as the spanish socialist party , so i guess the logo is linked . 
  so . . do you take yours afterwards , or just do n't bother and take a similar one home ? 
  you forgot talking . 
  a lot . 
  i thought nationalists would say `` better than you , stronger alone '' . 
  yes , they eat dirt down there . 
  now add a coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  because they will hurt themselves and my own out of romanticism , pride and manipulation . 
  that 's reason enough to prevent it . 
  my argument was not `` that 's how it is '' ; my argument is `` that 's how it should be '' . 
  -- ah , i forgot about anarchists and terrorists , which strangely seem to fit quite well in your two first paragraphs of people that should be allowed to do whatever they aspire ? 
  should those be bind to rules they do n't consent to for the prosperity of all or not ? 
  i am also `` forced '' to pay taxes for shit i do n't need or want , forced to be ruled by parties i did n't vote for and live under laws i strongly oppose . 
  welcome to adulthood and the greater good , it 's amazing , scary and absurd . 
  because r/europe likes having a prosperous and peaceful europe instead of a balkanized one for shit and giggles . 
  nah , it 's a romantic quest for freedom . 
  tots different . 
  the first link in the chain and the only one with morderous intent was the canarian terrorist . 
  that they provoked far more pain that they were expecting , it 's no excuse for me . 
  canarian have killed around 800 people all in one single threat of a bomb . 
  germans like their bargeld . 
  and this one is * a lot * of bargeld . 
  i am really into fantasy , but i have to say i found it extremely boring . 
  the guy was constantly dishing against people he had a score to settle , and i did n't really know or care about most of them . 
  there were more footnotes than book . 
  i had one in the first flat i rented in germany , which was otherwise very well renewed . 
  did n't like very much the `` novelty '' of using it . 
  is it ? 
   rome 's decision to close italian ports to refugee ships was met with the approval of the eu interior ministers gathered in estonia 's capital , tallinn . 
  why open them ? 
  italy is going to close them too . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-riuznpsra you are n't misinterpreting it . 
  they are justified by the extreme left ( see podemos in spain ) so if there is a need to put it in a roof , you know in which . 
  well , it can act taking over africa again and trying to do it right this time . 
  otherwise , it can throw money at it and wait , picking up the emigrants in the mainland . 
  the other solution is humiliating , apparently . 
  i came too late to choose fernando vii . 
  at least with him the alternative was clearly better and a betrayal clear . 
  just because franco was the more recent , it does n't make him the worst ; a poor choice to match the other countries series . 
  imagine you are 2xy old , do n't have a care in the world .
