  so ... concentration breaking / intimidating . 
  like a castrato all black . 
  apparently , they are `` strategic '' screams . 
  at some point it got out of hand . 
  that is confusing . 
  the elections were on 8 months ago ( end of 2015 ) . 
  i do n't know what tv were you watching to catch the news almost 1.5 y before the elections . 
  at most , you watched a program talking about the possible consequences after the european elections of 2014 , where podemos got their first seats ? 
  you were always that shiny little spot of latin sanity in the east . 
  ok , it 's your map . 
  it 's a public holiday in galicia too , if you want to add it . 
  but it can be a bit misleading . 
  the celebrations are quite big elsewhere too , and the very well-known one ( statues burning , bonfires and fireworks ) is the one in valencia . 
  well ... san juan is celebrated in most of spain . 
  i dont know why catalonia got singled out . 
  if anything , the most known one is in valencia . 
  edit : sorry , if i am going to get downvoted ... 
  it is only done in catalonia , san joan was born there . 
  +1 special points . 
  i think it 's an occidental christian thing the fact that st. stephen gets his day the 26th . 
  it must be hard having your day after the big guy . 
  event if i have get used to read `` pm rajoy '' i am of the opinion that if we translate president to presidente and prime minister to primer ministro , it doesnt that much sense to translate our presidente to prime minister . 
  it could be wrong , but for the time being i will keep doing it . 
  podemos has a very short history , but their typical voter is far more likely to skip voting or vote whatever new thing appears this time . 
  having a 3rd one and in xmas wo n't help them . 
  anyways , if spain is lucky , pp will end up winning with the help/control of ciudadanos ; it would be better now , but it would very likely happen in the stupid 3rd election . 
  i know is sarcasm , but inertia can do only that much . 
  there are agreements to be renewed and plans to be made . 
  each month lost have consequences long term . 
  so , summary : rajoy ( partido popular , acting president as it is ) is going to try to get elected next 30th august . 
  if that fails ( and if every party stick to their plan , it will fail , by a few seats ) , the next election is automatically set for 25th december , christmas day . 
  which implies : * a lot of people are out of their cities that day . 
  this time the absentee voting will skyrocket . 
  * even if they are in their cities , a lot of people wo n't leave their houses that day to go voting . 
  more absentees . 
  * a lot of people will be extremely pissed off , as in the spanish election system , citizens are randomly selected to attend the voting polls . 
  that would mean standing in the school designated for voting for the whole xmas day , while your family is passing the day together without you . 
  abandoning your duty is actually quite heavily punished , but i can see a few deserted places . 
  in which case , the first person to try to vote there , will be requested to stay as replacement for the ones that did n't go . 
  xmas surprise !, 
  * this is the third time in a row , add that point to the three above , and you can see how ridiculous this is getting . 
  mmm ... 
  i actually do n't know , i am not living in spain at the moment . 
  but if i had to guess , nothing is going on . 
  i guess they will get a hint about what 's going to happen next year , or the one after , when things start to move . 
  the ones i know in germany are thinking about getting german nationality ; i guess the cautious ones in spain could be thinking about doing the same . 
  poor man and poor family , my condolences as they were completely guiltless . 
  and poor mallorca . 
  having all sorts of deranged tourists/expats - `` we-are-not-immigrants '' is taking its toll . 
  well , people are * paying * interest to hold short term bonds . 
  is there truly a lack of confidence that the debt is going to be paid ? 
  doesnt sound like . 
  mmm ... to me poland felt very far away from germany , while netherlands felt rather close . 
  czech republic somehow felt closer than poland , too . 
  actually , if i had to guess , it 's what gives switzerland the first spot . 
  i know absolutely nobody that have learnt chinese . 
  or even tried to for more than six months . 
  saying learning chinese is important is one of those things know-it-alls ( cu\u00f1aos ) say . 
  nobody does it . 
  i dont know why people in this thread is finding the question incomplete . 
  would it help to say `` do you find your country 's military trustworthy ? '', 
  instead ? 
  do n't kill anyone ... http://www.cuentafacto.es/, 
  between this and that flashmob , germans are having a stellar summer holidays in spain this year . 
  it 's a reasonable guess . 
  if we go with nobody knows , we might as well close the thread . 
  about 4000 spaniards losing their jobs , it would be bad on a personal level . 
  then again , the zone will always begging to gibraltar unless it 's cut out . 
  probable would be better for them in the long run . 
  it comes mainly about the % of people that voted against the brexit in gibraltar . 
  the shared nationality would be the lesser of two evils for them . 
  personally , if gibraltar leaves the eu and the border is closed , the problem stops to exist for me . 
  it 's certainly bad wording . 
  let 's go the long route and say that they offer the possibility to pay less taxes and people take it . 
  gibraltar prospers , tax evaders prospers , spain get shafted . 
  not a bad point , but i guess they cause a different impression when they are immigrants , that when they are cantaores de flamenco . 
  i fear you forgot ... 
  gypsies being the main contact point most europeans have with rumanians . 
  sorry about that one : / that 's going to be hard to solve . 
  i actually met my first non-gypsies romanian couple last year . 
  i completely disagree with the `` ppl listening to spanish radio '' . 
  i actually have family around that part , in the spanish side ( vitigudino and so on ) aaand every summer the only radio we got/get was portuguese !, 
  if you are going to tell me that in that part people in portugal listen to spanish radio , and people in spain get portuguese radio ... well , something went quite wrong in there . 
   the statement also revealed that a sharp object had been used to scratch along the lines of the faint carving , with the apparent intention of making the it more defined for visitors hey , they were trying to improve it ... maybe it 's a new case of : http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02316/painting-fresco_2316720k.jpg, 
   the guardia civil arrested last saturday in cuenca one man , accused of stealing more than 6000 kilos of garlic , worth 12000 $ , and it 's looking into the involvement of 51 more . 
  the arrested man and his henchmen ( the 51 bus passengers , with whom he had agreed the transport of the stash of garlic ) , wanted to carry the garlic up to romania . 
  i can only admire the sacrifice of the 51 passengers that were sharing the bus with 6000 kilos of garlic , and intended to cover more than 3000 km . 
  such is the life of the heroes that keep the vampires at bay . 
  the whole independence thing is a bid for power in a time of crisis . 
  it 's not a very real possibility , and they need to plan things with that in mind . 
  it 's true that the new generations were educated into it , but most of them will still get older , travel , assume responsabilities and grow out of it . 
  if it happened , they will need to be moved , yes . 
  but barcelona can not be stripped out of institutions for things with such a chance . 
  we might as well do it because there could be a tsunami , or godzilla . 
  could be the crazy strategy of considering barcelona one of the most important cities of spain , thus being both their duty towards their citizens and an obvious good idea to keep working towards making it even more important ? 
  do you think catalonia have prospered against all odds , surviving constant sabotage by the rest of spain , instead of thanks to backing it up and propelling it as so ? 
  good lord , this stupid proselytism is getting out of hand . 
  out of curiosity , and since you seem to be an expert ... why does my biom\u00fcll bags say `` keine gekochte speisereste '' ? 
  err ... do they truly go into the restm\u00fcll ? 
  it does n't seem to make any sense , so so far they have gone into the biom\u00fcll ( and google half-agrees ) , but ...
