  the ones that should get the money back are the taxpayers . 
  how much has that free money setback airbus in the competition is title click bait . 
  do n't worry , i thought the map was great . 
  just to complete , you gave three possible origins of spain , but there are quite a few more : * land of rabbits * land of metal-forging * edge * lip * land of snakes * hidden/remote land * north island * the land that divides the sea * western city also , it could derive from some mythical figures ( hispalo , hispan , son and grandson of hercules ) , or from baal sapanu ( some phoenician divinity ) . 
  but i agree that the first two you have chosen ( rabbits and metal-forging ) are the ones more commonly quoted . 
  specially the rabbits one . 
  does it ? 
  well , he should get a flair , then . 
  pretending to be a troll is the same as being one unless you declare the sarcasm . 
  well , i guess ... 
  but selling organs ? 
  i very much doubt that there is anyone selling here . 
  well , googling it , it seems like the very first time someone was arrested for that was in 2014 . 
  they were from lebanon . 
  yeah ... although the gist of it it 's basically he gave 200m $ around in the zone , to relatives , which were quite a few ( he was one of thirteen brothers . 
  and he had twelve sons ) the rumour was also made believable as he has been paying for a lot of infrastructure for all the small village in the past . 
  curious , i did n't know he was spanish , i expected him to be mexican . 
  good of him , not forgetting his humble beginnings . 
  the years he lived in spain before leaving for mexico were not good years to be spanish , or european in general , at all . 
  we are talking about populist potential . 
  off the charts on those . 
  about the other characteristics , they are quite anti-eu . 
  and anti-charnegos ; that should qualify partly as anti-inmigrant . 
  yeah . . 
  it should match podemos and jxsi results , but it doesnt seem to . 
  precisely to europeans i would n't say it 's strange . 
  we are kinda tired of visiting those four , so changing for summer it 's not such a strange idea . 
  the last long travels i did have been to poland , croatia and czechia . 
  i would say it 's more strange for someone that 's crossing the atlantic once to then avoid those four and go for the less traveled road . 
  it 's no surprise they will go and recommend those for you , with good reason ... 
  unless he was doing a 6 months trip and it 's going all over the place . 
  they ? 
  who ? 
  were n't those the r1a ? 
  is racist because he painted himself black ? 
  i think that 's racist only in the us ... 
  in spain when there is not a black guy to do it , someone paints himself black for the three wise men parades on xmas . 
  and nobody cares . 
  there is no black face or kkk tradition for someone to see it in a bad light . 
  `` santiago , keep us r1b '' sounds less classy . 
  well , just an example to compare ... the terrain is bigger than germany 's , and we have only a bit more than half the population . 
  there is a lot of parts with 50-100 people villages separated by 10-12 km each where terrain is dirt cheap . 
  if someday they invent teleportation , some very poor people are going to be quite rich ( they hold a lot of terrain used for agriculture , big houses with very nice weather , but almost useless because there is literally nothing to do in there ) . 
  the third was always french . 
  it was the second , actually , for a very long time . 
  we didnt learn english in my school until i was 16y old , only french . 
  yes . 
  they banned bullfighting at the same they protected the burning bulls as a tradition there . 
  it 's just like ... like the point was creating a distinction out of thin air instead of protecting animals . 
  well , the ones that have their turn at being popular this lustrum . 
  erc , jxsi or whatever is nowadays . 
  well , burning bulls is that strange single point on which pp and independentists agree . 
  so maybe it 's a bit more than a third . 
  quark ? 
  the difference between madrid and the north is the sun more than the temperature . 
  it might get cold in madrid , but i had never considered whether i should start buying vitamin d tablets while in there . 
  in germany i think it about it every november . 
  or getting a sun lamp , being this drained is not normal . 
  the worst month by far for me here . 
  +1 here . 
  it 's not i like i care that much to prefer one , but i am starting to be a trump supporter . 
  just as an allergic reaction to the modern left . 
  i do n't think that must always be the case , at least in spain they sometimes try and do some modern flourishes with vpos ( subsidized houses ) which are clearly more expensive , and imho far uglier , than a simple clean , classic , good design . 
  well , as far as i know , that imaginary title is granted by popular opinion . 
  so if we said it enough times , she will magically be the leader of the free world . 
  of course . 
  poor people should feel poor , and rich people better than them , that 's why it 's important that their blocks are designed ugly as fuck . 
  at least that 's my theory behind those atrocities . 
  do n't know . 
  a robot cooler than me told me to do it . 
  well , if i had to choose an early death , i would choose something cooler . 
  like being crushed by a runaway semi truck driven by the incredible hulk . 
  say here , right now , that ethnically catalans are different from the rest of spain . 
  go on . 
  say it . 
  good example , although i am 2 % that somebody thought about the whole thing more than borrell once he decided to put the elbow in the bar . 
  but he pass perfectly as our german friend in here . 
  what are * you * on about ? 
  is this trolling or do you have a mental handicap ? 
  i am just too tired for the day to tell the two apart if you were trying to have a laugh . 
  well , luckily you were not one of the guys spending countless hours , negotiations , calculations and effort redacting our constitutions . 
  so , now catalans are not ethnic spaniards . 
  that thing with the rh + was an idea of s. arana for the basques , afaik catalan independentists are not deranged as him . 
  yet . 
  i am rather sure that a bayern independence referendum was blocked not long ago because germany has the same rule : ( ... ) but the court said in a decision released that germany 's constitutional law does not allow for individual states to break away . 
  `` in the federal republic of germany , which is a nation-state based on the constituent power of the german people , states are not ` masters of the constitution ' , '' the court wrote in the decision . 
  `` therefore there is no room under the constitution for individual states to attempt to secede . 
  this violates the constitutional order . '', 
  they will not be the only ones if the dollar-euro keeps going the same direction . 
  at least you got a fairly big chunk of terrain . 
  i very much doubt you can be happy for a fellow countryman , but i will take the sarcasm at face value . 
  are n't you learning a lot today ? 
  what excuses , you simpleton ? 
  did you bother doing any research on the topic ? 
  go and read the link . 
  if 17 pages are too much just skip to the very last one . 
  might be ... 
  but the idea originated in the 2nd republic and stopped due to our civil war , was to have the same as france , as this was the only border to rest of europe , regardless of the reasons france had to have it . 
  that thing with the time zone just keeps going around ... and while it 's not clear ( surprisingly for something that happened 80y ago ) , there are two facts 1 ) the implementation just reused the 2nd republic plans for it , 2 ) the main interest was train coordination with france . 
  nazis had nothing to do with it .
