  the last phrase , yes , that 's kinda obvious , the rest still has nothing to do with catalonia . 
  thanks throwaway, 
  did n't we talk about this months ago ? 
  if scotland wants in , it must be leave the uk , and apply right back in . 
  if it does n't want to leave the uk and the uk leaves the eurozone , then scotland leaves the eurozone with the uk . 
  did really rajoy need to spell it aloud ? 
  what does this have to do with catalonia ? 
  do spain want to leave the eurozone and take catalonia with her ? 
  actually , wikipedia gives them 200 terrorist acts , tens of injured , and 5 dead . 
  one of them was an actual target , the other four were terrorist that got themselves killed . 
  luckily , they were not the brightest among the terrorist organizations . 
  besides the one already mentioned , the independentist canary island group ( mpaiac ) have several direct murders in their belts . 
  and if you ask me , they are the indirect culprits of several hundred in a single attack . 
  they have the 583 dead of the air crash in tenerife 1977 in their hands : * a bomb explosion at gran canaria airport , and the threat of a second bomb , caused many aircraft to be diverted to los rodeos airport . 
  among them were klm flight 4805 and pan am flight 1736 -- the two aircraft involved in the accident . 
  at los rodeos airport , air traffic controllers were forced to park many of the airplanes on the taxiway , thereby blocking it . 
  further complicating the situation , while authorities waited to reopen gran canaria , a dense fog developed at tenerife , greatly reducing visibility . 
  * we did n't lack idiots those years . 
  far right movement is anecdotal in spain . 
  the only big new thing we got going is a left party . 
  and what is preventing a random guy driving his own car into a random sidewalk , one next to a crosswalk ? 
  the only thing the authorities can do is to try at this point is try and monitorize anyone likely to go nuts , not fortify the cities . 
  they probably stop a lot more than they let know . 
  sadly , drama sells ... 
  they * but yes , considering the situation in south spain , quite more defense budget . 
  the allies there are not really reliable , specially , but not only , morocco . 
  they can be convicted to thousands of years , but they will not be their whole lives in prison . 
  even if the get charged for 2000y , that only helps in order to not get a shortened sentence by good behaviour and so on ( if they halved the sentence , they will still have 1000y of it ) . 
  they were condemned before make possible to extended , so i guess they could walk away after 40 y. 
  if somebody knows if the law is retroactive , chime in ... 
  what the hell ... it keeps getting better . 
  i am not sure neither that it lacks organization . 
  what it lacks it 's the will to do it . 
  most of your citizens would rather have the money going towards building a pure gold 500m lincoln statue than to use to give healthcare to `` freeloaders '' . 
  very curious . 
  if our `` tunos '' also did this , i think they would be much more popular, 
  well , it 's just for men , sooo ... 
  in spain it 's limited too , although they did introduced the possibility to extend it forever last year . 
  but you really , really need to fuck it up to pass 40y . 
  i think nobody has reached them yet . 
  are you sure the reason the us do n't have a decent healthcare system on place is lack of money for it ? 
  in that line , spain has given green light for a +30 % defense budget next year . 
  it 's bad to do it , but after doing it ... why will you go and go public with it ? 
  there is even a photo of her in the damn journal . 
  it 's a relief you used here instead of saying to a woman in the heat of the moment `` oh , you are so , so virile !! '', 
  in english ... passionate ? 
  lustful ? 
  [ spanish santa lucia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zdb8y44opu ), 
  if he has planned for a good route , he will probably have to do that , but even with good light i guess it 's easier to get injured ... 
  but yeah , i usually ran after sunset in spain ; in winter because i was not home before that , in summer because there is no choice . 
  franco applied a rule that was being prepared during the second republic , for train coordination with france . 
  identifying it with franco and hitler it 's just a stupid clickbait used by all journals , heard so many times that most people believe it . 
  certainly stupid , specially because franco simply recovered and applied a ruling that was already being worked on during the second republic . 
  a simple matter of coordination , specially trains , with france and the rest of europe . 
  not a deference towards hitler . 
  since he is doing it in summer ... 
  i hope he ends up in * really * late summer ( end of september ) , or he is not going to like southern spain . 
  i could see a map with the use of `` papa/mama '' in europe haha . 
  the other day i was discussing with a spanish friend and he was adamant that it 's never never used in english , and i could swear i have heard small children saying it in english ... 
  that gr\u00fdla guy looks very suspiciously similar to saturn -- just saying , maybe we are into something here . 
  the same for `` pap\u00e1 '' ... * `` padre '' -  father * `` pap\u00e1 '' -  dad * `` papi '' -  daddy, 
  good lord . 
  that 's coming from the lack of sun ... 
  if the books are in croatian , i can tell you that the rest of the world wo n't ruin it . 
  spanish ones have a quite negative opinion of romanian ones . 
  but i do n't think their number is so high that they can skew the results . 
  i would guess that israel vs palestine is the reason . 
  supporting palestine is quite popular , specially amongst the left . 
  you are right that there must be somebody sheltered enough to not have a negative opinion , but it can not be a 51 % ... about the question , yes , the spanish ones are spanish . 
  but has that anything to do with the topic ? 
  well , that 's because they are better grounded ... 
  and then , the bad ones , which are plenty . 
  but no , surely they must have used gitano , which is why i find strange that 's not a 99.9 % ( 0.1 % error ) . 
  interview shyness , maybe . 
  haha , a 49 % in spain for roma . 
  i wonder if they asked that instead of `` gitanos '' ( gypsies ) , and some people did n't know what the question was . 
  it 's impossible that 's accurate . 
  well , there are many people earning more than that , whose salary is calculated using as reference the minimum wage . 
  so they will see an increase . 
  why were you saying the opposite then ? 
  the other ones need a longer text and are indeed terrible , so i just want to mention to the second . 
  unless you are have better insight than that stupid `` when the piggy bank is gone , the retirement payments are gone '' everyone seems to believe , we are not going to start the conversation . 
  that 's exaggerating it '' `` a bit '' '' . 
  you make it sound like spain was a third world country when it 's the fourth economy in the eu . 
  if there is a lot of locals , not tourists , buying shit non-stop from black friday until xmas is because they have plenty of money for it . 
  i will gladly cheer moving stories about hardcore islamists coming to europe , realizing and abandoning their wrong ways , leaving their money when they die as last and final proof of their change of heart . 
  i will gladly rage about stories with hardcore islamists coming to europe who do n't renounce their ways and try to change this place to their views . 
  it 's a not a cut dry thing . 
  but only see three types in that whole list , why use so many names ? 
  macarrones , raviolis and spaghettis . 
  it will go there and also comes from there . 
  much more than 80 % , actually . 
  * member states contribution ( % ) * austria 1.47 * belgium 4.07 * czech republic 0.54 * denmark 0.95 * estonia 0.06 * finland 0.74 * france 34.13 * germany 18.43 * greece 0.78 * hungary 0.34 * ireland 0.62 * italy 11.21 * luxembourg 0.10 * netherlands 3.16 * norway 1.80 * poland 1.47 * portugal 0.62 * romania 0.48 * spain 5.51 * sweden 2.15 * switzerland 3.75 * united kingdom 7.62, 
  it 's funny , because precisely ariane can be called a huge success . 
  let 's see if arion is similar . 
  good luck , and i hope that no law or political decision makes them emigrate somewhere else to keep at it . 
  ah , that subtle `` juden '' instead of `` jew '' ... get out here with the victimism . 
  ww2 is not a carte blanche . 
  well , about the last point ... one could see the difference between a loan ( to be paid back ) and a tax break ( free money , no need to pay it back ) . 
  about the other three , that 's right .
