  asturias is kinda ... hard to subdue . 
  hard terrain , hard people . 
  you remember how the moors took almost * all * the peninsula ... and the reconquista was launched from asturias ? 
  i do n't know if it 's edgy , but it 's rather polemic . 
  it 's not easy to see someone openly defending him . 
  i think most of you are missing the point that what can you can call `` paella '' and not is already a source of banter within spain . 
  like whether the `` tortilla espa\u00f1ola '' should have onion or not . 
  if you add a foreigner doing it 's own version to the mix , the banter escalates . 
  but that 's all . 
  if he did his own version of a. . . whatever , `` cocido madrile\u00f1o '' not many people will joke about it . 
  good luck with yours , too . 
  i hope you live surrounded by people like you . 
  mmm ... 
  if they are off the leash all over the place , i do have a problem . 
  even if they are the kind that `` just want to play , hehe , do n't worry '' . 
  it is not so huge . 
  most people are not really capable of taking proper care of a dog , considering that that also includes not annoying anyone or dirtying your town with it . 
  i have to congratulate the germans here , they are noticeable more responsible in that regard than spaniards . 
   what would a country that has facilities around the world be classified as ? 
  i do n't know , a country with global presence ? 
  is the next question about oranges ? 
  not having a majority of personal , original companies , assets , headquarters , management and founding located in a specific country , but in several of europe . 
  ok , thanks , it was just curiosity ... 
  the products at least differ ; fuet , butifarra , and so on ... 
  so i wondered about the rest . 
  out of curiosity , what made differently the matan\u00e7a from the matanza ? 
  when i was small i saw a couple of differences between the one done in salamanca and madrid , but nothing major , basically differences on the product they prepared after . 
  and some smaller ones during , which at the moment i didnt know if they came out from those particular villages or from salamanca vs madrid . 
  you are going to find this one super funny ... 
  the only bull related festivities that were banned were the `` spanish '' ones , the catalan ones were shielded at the same time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toro_embolado at this point is just kind of dick measuring contest . 
  well , there was a 4 million euros ring there . 
  a single ring . 
  was it an iring or what ? 
  i blame the guy that did the graphic . 
  it will be more interesting to show this to the people in rome in 0 a.d. 
  i wonder what they would make of that spike at the end . 
  all those phrases are for podemos , not for the left . 
  you would say similar things of deranged right parties . 
  what the fuck is a * salseo * ? 
  i am not doing any circle at all . 
  there is a difference believing that their work and priorities are the right ones , and that the they are good while the other are evil . 
  all good politicians , no matter the alignment , want the best for their country . 
  they just use the limited resources and time in different ways to achieve exactly the same . 
  while quite wrong in their ways to achieve it , * i * still think the left wing still wants the best for everyone . 
  yes , the discussion of left/right is good/evil is idiotic , but that superior moral standing is drilled in many left voters heads . 
  each party should be believe that they are the better option , what 's the point otherwise ? 
  but the pp is ashamed to say they are right wing because being right wing is `` wrong '' in spain . 
  podemos is proud to be left wing , because being left wing is `` right '' in spain . 
  there is quite a difference in the supposed moral standing of each side . 
  mostly anything , yes . 
  but do n't worry , the only ones with a big enough self endorsed higher-than-thou attitude are podemos . 
  that kind of attitude that makes someone think they are only one fit to hold power , and that holding it at all cost is for the greater good . 
  save my words for later . 
  well , anything that prevents podemos for governing have my thanks . 
  long live the eu . 
  aaaaand gone , sanchez renounces . 
  it 's foreseen that someone who will allow pp + ciudadanos to govern will be elected within the party . 
  spaniards may yet have a govern before 2017 . 
  so far it has been a rather amusing schadenfreude day . 
  it 's hard to convey everything that has happened today and this week ; let it end and then a proper summary can be done . 
  we might end up with one historic party sinking into irrelevance and a government forming without the need of a 3rd election . 
  why do we always have to link it ? 
  well , it 's more like for some reason this does n't seem the proper forum ... we actually got a `` special '' at lunch hour at work to cover the crash-landing of rosetta , and i personally have been quite interested in the whole thing . 
  you are right that if there were more enthusiasm here i would join too , but ... 
  well , self-fulfilled prophecies are the only type that can be rightfully predicted . 
  short db , make people panic , profit . 
  hey , maybe someone is already doing it ? 
  the usa is not an outlier as regards to failed empires . 
  it 's simply young ; the current one . 
  there are several that lasted for more years than the dominance of the usa . 
  the wheel will probably spin again , but we might not see it . 
  those tiles in the wall ... it could also be portugal \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  part of my older family still work in the fields , they have some sheeps , etc. 
  as a child , when i was there in holidays , they basically worked like this ( not 100 % precision , i do n't remember nor knew or the details , i just went with them from time to time ) - 6:00 wake up , go tend the sheep , milk them , etc. 
  - 9:00 come back home , have breakfast , go work around whatever needs to be done that day , be at home at 15:00 - 15:00 have lunch , sleep until 17:30 -18:00 - 18:00 go tend the sheep again , go work around - 21:00 do work at home , tend to the sheep close to the house ( sheep with lamb mostly ) . 
  around 22:00 they were finished and had dinner , normally they stayed up until 0:00 or so . 
  the days i saw them doing harvest the idea was more or less the same , work from 6:00 to 14-15 :00 , stop for 3 hours , go back until sunset at around 21:00 -21:30 . 
  sundays were a bit shorter , but besides that ... it 's a 365d/year job . 
  at the end the idea of the siesta was to cut out the hours where is not really feasible to work . 
  it makes no sense at all in office work , and it 's not used there . 
  i guess everyone knew this , but if anyone was curious ... 
  it is not an identity crisis , we are going back to the glorious siglo de oro . 
  it was a good post , but this whole part :  for women , that 's often too late to have any more than one kid . 
  but try to break this model and have kids early after you graduate ( around the age of 25-28 ) - at this point , you do n't have much money , if your partner is about the same age as you , he is likely to also not have that much money yet , so your only option is to have an older partner who is already financially secured . 
   but then you do n't really want to be dependent on your partner that much . 
  and if you start having kids ( 2 + ) right after college , who will hire you once the kids are old enough to go to daycare ? 
  you have no proper work experience , but you do have a small kid which is like a red flag for employers because they know it means you might have to take days off to be with him/her when he/she is sick . 
  * can * be solved with state measures . 
  i think the problem is more the kids getting on the middle of the lifestyle of traveling the world , going out every weekend to get selfies with your iphone , than money . 
  at least in spain , people did n't have money neither in 1950 to 1980 . 
  they had kids though , a lot . 
  the holidays were going to your fathers small village , no weekend activities , no money in electronics/toys besides a tv , and only the man went a bit to the bar . 
  the adults now are simply completely different , i do n't know if you want to call it that people are more selfish , or that they are more driven . 
  some are empty heads like i described above , others actually have interesting things going on . 
  fact is , before it was normal to forget about yourself and focus in the family . 
  now , you focus in yourself first , and get a family if you have to spare . 
  for me the solution is 1 ) robotics and ia working and being taxed , 2 ) * the rest of the world * slowing down too . 
  we do n't need to keep growing and growing without control . 
  well , i am quite '' '' `` pissed off '' '' '' that not everybody speaks hochdeutsch in germany and austria , and let 's not speak about switzerland .
