  hearing go europe is rather common here , btw , even if you hate unionism and integration you surely have noticed . 
  and yeah , the basis of the flat earth society is that the earth is flat and should be recognised as such . 
  but i concede that your `` truth through repetition and exclusion '' is going much better than theirs . 
  yes , you exist as part of spain , therefore being spanish . 
  would you have thrown a fit if he said well done europe ? 
  i could see the hypocrisy of the psoe , but i do n't think it should be a valid reason . 
  you have a right of either changing your mind 10 years later or feel that the situation has developed . 
  that they did n't want to do it back then does n't sustain itself as a reason to not support it . 
  never heard of people not liking it . 
  let 's not complicate ourselves . 
  it 's a simple matter of government incompetence . 
  they offered a lot of incentives for installing solar power . 
  enough that it was a very good investment , backed by the government no less . 
  obviously , a lot of people invested in it , surpassing by far the growth the government expected , as there were no hard caps . 
  the government then retired said incentives , both because it was a ruin ( zapatero and his retarded ways of wasting all the `` abundant '' money before the crisis ) , and because they wanted to protect electrical companies . 
  i do n't really know . 
  i expect the requirements to have either are the same , but you have to renovate the european more frequently , so there might be an actual reason behind ... no idea . 
  in germany the `` normal '' one they gave me also doubles as the `` european '' one . 
  in spain they are two different cards . 
  requesting it is a couple of clicks , but you do n't get the european one by default . 
  at least in spain `` a la milanesa '' can be thrown with everything , chicken , beef , veal , etc. 
  i do n't deny that for a schnitzel to be wienerschnitzel it must be done in a certain way , but people seems to use schnitzel as translation to `` breaded steak '' . 
  putenbrustschnitzel , schweineschnitzel , i do n't know if any special meat must be used in the j\u00e4gerschnitzel ... those are the ones i remember eating : as long as it is a breaded steak is a schnitzel , is n't it ? 
  i guess ... at the end , they are everywhere ; it 's a simple idea . 
  we call it `` filetes empanados '' ( breaded steaks ) or `` milanesas '' , so i guess we point the origin to milan . 
  the one i use for everyday buying is not only free , but they give you back 1 % of everything you spend with it . 
  they literally pay you to use it . 
  a shame the max credit is very limited ( 1000 $ ) . 
  not part of a package ; it 's the only thing i have with them ( barclays ) . 
  i am sure that a doctor will be able to spot world class heavy lifters as you and wo n't class you as overweight . 
  sincerely , there are a few degrees that give the impression that their only purpose is to delay that person access to the job market and bring down unemployment rates keeping those people `` busy '' . 
  i sometimes wonder if this is actually done systematically on purpose . 
  it also has the funny effect of giving the female population an average higher education which leads to an actually average lower paygrade . 
  well , the routes going in a circle above the valley are quite nice . 
  but i did n't thought the place was particularly popular with tourists . 
  after finishing said route we went down to it and it was basically empty . 
  it was n't summer , but it was not a bad weather day neither . 
  old wow meme , which gave the exact same response back then ... ah , the memories . 
  why do they call it invincible when is already broken ??? 
  small part of the issue is also that not only rich people speculate with houses back then ( and now ) . 
  everyone did . 
  there is a lack of investment knowledge in spain that makes house speculation the go-to investment . 
  the normal thing to do with your savings was buying property . 
  you bought your house because paying rent is wasting money , and when you are finished you buy a second one , for holidays or renting or selling for a profit . 
  funds , shares , etc are invisible or something to gamble to the average guy ; bricks were * the * investment when you have some money saved . 
  and even after the bubble they remain so . 
  i have the feeling that in other countries were your retirement is handled by yourself , with 401k and so on , people are more aware of alternative ways of putting your money to work . 
  just gut feeling , but the empty buildings may remain empty as the owners do n't want `` to lose money '' selling ( because they bought them before the housing bubble exploded ) , and fear renting them to someone , as you have a very good chance of facing damage to the property and/or people not paying rent , who can not be evicted . 
  i guess is the same word as `` yermo '' in spanish ... 
  curious that in this map they bothered to add asturian , most mapmakers will skip it . 
  thanks for the contributions , added a few more . 
  reverte would be proud . 
  said the polish ... 
  it 's not like maduro had that flag in his pocket . 
  he endorsed the `` rep\u00fablica bolivariana dels pa\u00efsos catalans '' because cup members went to ask for it . 
  now the president has to come out and clean the mess the puppies left behind ... 
  impressive . 
  yes , more like average bunch ... 
  which is what we were going for . 
  i on the other hand think that if i did a poll in a spanish videogame site ( let 's say cod type , not rpg ) , most would draw a blank . 
  well ... it 's in that strange point when a lot of people are too young to remember it , and too old to cover it in school . 
  so it 's under the radar for good chunk of people in the 15 years up to 30 years old range . 
  wow ... must be quite rough for some engineers ... 
  it 's incredible the shit they come up with . 
  how does that work ? 
  women need lower grades to start a degree ? 
  in my company they do give an eg13 for entry engineers ... that 's 4582.50 $ x 12 times / year . 
  in a 35h/week contract . 
  he is not trolling ... 
  well , it 's more or less public ... look for `` era baden w\u00fcrttemberg '' . 
  an eg17 with + % it 's not strange for a 10 years engineer , 13.3 months per year , 35h/week . 
  there is `` out of tariff '' later on . 
  i am an usual lurker in r/personalfinance , and i do n't know if comparing has any meaning . 
  it 's not unusual to see late 20s / early 30s guys posting about 90k salaries with incredible debts living paycheck to paycheck . 
  85k in germany let me live a very comfortable live and save quite a lot . 
  i read that subreddit out of curiosity , because it 's simply another world . 
  a 40k guy in spain will have a better life than a 70k in there . 
  see you in the next thread about spain !, 
  you misunderstood me . 
  the adjective spanish refers to anything contained in the entity called spain . 
  anything basque , catalan , andalusian , riojan or getafense * can * be called spanish without any issue . 
  it 's not a big surprise that a police that acts within a region of spain would be called spanish . 
  a spaniard would do a distinction , a foreigner would n't . 
  the `` joke '' is getting super funny now . 
  hi there troll amateur !, 
  basque/catalan police are a type of spanish police , and foreign media will rarely get into specifics . 
  just as they would report american police and not texas rangers . 
  ps : i added to your `` joke '' , no need to get salty . 
  if i google it : * personal point of view * pony point of view i was going for the first . 
  i 'm a bot , * bleep , bloop * . 
  someone put spain in a thread 's title , so let 's talk about catalonia . 
  yeah , you might want to change the title * a bit * . 
  ppov ; we must get used to twitter as being a communication media , with the curious characteristic of being open to everyone . 
  jokes , even black humor , i guess it 's ok , but i am sure that everybody is enough self conscious to not be wishing the death of anyone he does n't like in tv . 
  should be the same with tweets that can be read thousands of times . 
  i did n't like the sentence that much , but once you dig in the rest of the tweets , i do n't feel much sympathy for the guy neither . 
  good question , but ... 
  i do n't really know , and a quick google does n't throw anything . 
  it could have come from west or east , truth be told , considering the link between argentina and italy . 
  btw , some of the italian words whose roots are not used in spanish , have found their way as `` colloquialisms/street language '' , such as `` birra '' , `` capisqui ? '',
