  just one minister more . 
  we can talk though about how `` nice '' were the psycopaths of the cup in their message about her death , if the usual `` spain in the title '' crew appears . 
  edit : no acolytes today ? 
  shame . 
  hercules too ?? 
  but he was such a great chap in that documentary series ... maybe it was his evil goatee doppelganger ? 
  there was some obsession back there with fleeing from the sun and getting powdered to be pale . 
  you know , peasants work in the sun , rich ladies can be slightly plump , very soft and pale . 
  so goddess are too . 
  mediterraneans trying their best to be pale can get almost there too . 
  i just need to look at my milk white feet to attest for it . 
  now peasant ladies work in the offices and rich ladies distinguish themselves getting tanned and toned . 
  we live in good times , the later option is far hotter . 
  my point is that you are full of shit and i am bit tired of reading the random idiot with the hearsay in every single thread . 
  hahahahaha end of the quote . 
  yeah , completely homogeneous culturally and linguistically , the complete opposite to portugal . 
  spain & portugal & gibraltar & some morocco & some algeria & i think i see andorra & some france, 
  ah , then i agree , it * is * too small ... 
  why would it be in bad taste ? 
  well , he said in some sense ... and it 's true that the original painting is one more in a vast array of jesus paintings . 
  enough cultural heritage to burn , bitch . 
  let 's talk about catalonia in yet another unrelated thread yaaaayyy ps : https://youtu.be/slkao_pox5a heed paul anka and stop it . 
  now this whole post was worth it . 
  nah , we do n't forget neither the crisis , nor the abject and idiotic president we had those years . 
  yes , we talked about that at lunch today . 
  well , look at the bright side ... 
  the ghostbusters reboot would n't exist . 
  the way i see it is that logic , problem solving , etc. . . are sharpened by education . 
  a lot . 
  i am sure that there are hundreds of papers around , but i find hard to believe that an educated person wo n't have an advantage in almost any iq test someone can come up with . 
  at the end , one of the main objectives of a proper education ( not one of those `` memorize everything '' ) * is * making a better thinker out of you . 
  the way i see it is that logic , problem solving , etc. . . are sharpened by education . 
  a lot . 
  i am sure that there are hundreds of papers around , but i find hard to believe that an educated person wo n't have an advantage in almost any iq test someone can come up with . 
  at the end , one of the main objectives of a proper education ( not one of those `` memorize everything '' ) is making a better thinker out of you . 
  i always had the impression that these iq test measure * educated * intelligence . 
  it 's not that a country with 59 is retarded , they are probably as `` street smart '' as any . 
  now , are they in average `` educated intelligence '' retard ? 
  probably . 
  disclaimer : i am sure wording could be nicer . 
  well , apparently they do have one , bought from russia , one of the last times they got pissed off at the eu . 
  so the lone submarine captain it 's out there . 
  in theory fighting off attempts to secretly extract petrol from their waters . 
  well . 
  yes . 
  translating word by word leads to stupid results . 
  i know i am also commenting here , but did this need +900 posts and +5500 upvotes ? 
  i am having fun with the tom clancy 's style theories of how this will go , do n't stop now ... 
  i do n't think is a problem in there . 
  the poorer parts are rural parts where crime is ( gut feeling/experience ) something very rare . 
  where is bad is in the ghettos in the cities . 
  drugs and/or gypsies make for shitty neighbourhoods . 
  but i guess most countries have no go zones near or inside big cities . 
  thanks . 
  it seems that no one has put together the numbers of what other countries claim by their local registers data to compare , it would be interesting . 
  although they probably did n't bother splitting naturalized and born in there . 
  an actual number and a quote would be helpful ... 
  well . . 
  i had to get paid * a lot * more to leave spain and go north . 
  as in , almost double with the same cost of living . 
  and from time to time i look how the offers are inside the company thinking to go back ... what i am surprised is that portugal have those numbers . 
  it must be the fado making the country sadder , or it maybe is just the consequence and not the cause . 
  a mixture of people actually working doing schwarzarbeit / `` blackjobs '' ( ?? 
  ) , government support , and strong family ties . 
  about why things are stable ... people there are n't unhappy even under economic stress . 
  more like hate . 
  nah , our problem is endophobia , not a complicated a flag . 
  i do n't think young engineers send any money `` home '' . 
  i know i do n't ; young engineers are who emigrate , and they are completely to bring family with them within the eu . 
  you are not leaving them behind , only your parents and friends . 
  your `` home '' is going to be the new country you have moved too . 
  there is no petty behaviour nor territorial waters . 
  there is an agreement to be withhold . 
  x territory ( expanded out of humanitarian reasons for an emergency , and later kept ) , no territorial waters . 
  take all the points in the treaty or take none , it can not be tailored out of convenience . 
  i do n't know to whom you are talking in the last two paragraphs . 
  as for the first , we go back to why i think it was n't rightful . 
  at least it did was a republic . 
  too . 
  i am sure . 
  are * you * sure what you are getting behind ? 
  you do n't have an obligation to defend one of the options ; only idiots , which should be ignored , would label you as fascist for saying the 2nd republic was a shitshow . 
  we will let passers by judge how crystal clear this surreal conversation was . 
  ways . 
  arbitrary confiscation of private property , vote recount manipulation , political assassinations through the police and/or sanctioned groups . 
  having a worse regimen afterwards does n't make this one any good . 
  sorry , i just see a clean , blank , empty space . 
  squat a new house , the keys of that one are lost forever . 
  that if was my question ; would there had been a big chunk or a small chip rebelling against a rightful republican government ? 
  well , i see you cards too . 
  in your mind , you called me `` facha '' and immediately won the discussion . 
  look at all the internet points you are getting !, 
  is it that straightforward ? 
  would a dictatorship coup had had enough support against a lawful democratic government ? 
  being authoritarian is enough of a similarity for me . 
  but yes , academic wise , the nuances sure are interesting ... not related to the topic , though . 
  but the topic only calls for puzzlement , not discussion ... eta are no saviours and only retarded or deluded would praise them or their ways ; terrorism victims do n't need any law protecting them from twitter jokes , there were , are and will be thousands of jokes about it and the condemn is incomprehensible from any pov ( everybody is being damaged and losing face , the guilty , the judge and who passed the law ) . 
  https://laverdadofende.wordpress.com/2013/05/03/desenmascarando-progres-antepasados-franquistas-en-el-psoe-y-prisa/ even the leader of our newest far left party had a grandfather working for a ministry . 
  imho the whole franquist thing , attacking or defending it , is just way to fish for votes . 
  it serves no purpose and brings no benefit to today 's issues .
