  you should be mates with logro\u00f1o , https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/flag_of_logro%c3%b1o.svg, 
  i knew about them , but cool post , i can see that you are a lot into it  it 's a really interesting tradition . 
  i should go to the non-beating version sometime . 
  ah ok , i just understood the question as non-rhetorical , and was a bit puzzled about why you were wondering about it ... 
  out of curiosity ... are n't you from spain , if not , what 's up with the flag ? 
  i left spain years ago , but for a lot things i am still registered at my parents house . 
  because it 's very convenient to have an address in there . 
  i wonder i am still counting towards living at my parents house . 
  or if all the young people that emigrated distort the figures . 
  i believe them for sure ; if you do n't have to change cities to go to the uni , most people will live at their parents houses . 
  after that , most people will stay there unless they jump for a house with their couples before or after marriage . 
  which feels a bit risky as a man to me . 
  there is also the issue for many people that either you have a couple that also works , or you wo n't be able to afford a house . 
  and if you have to share your house with strangers ... yeah , i would rather live at my parents than doing that . 
  i think you are replying to the wrong post . 
  he looks really triggered in this typical visit when he enters the church and people start singing in catalan . 
  https://youtu.be/peo2w8kt4ww?t=38 yes , yes , give me downvotes instead of replies haha, 
  nope , sorry , when i said american hero status , i meant hero status from an american pov . 
  not a `` world '' pov . 
  although fighting communism it 's an universally good thing . 
  yep , you are right , it did sounded strange when i used that word in a paragraph in english . . thanks !, 
  it did n't seem to be a big problem ... https://www.dolcacatalunya.com/2016/10/la-estatuta-franco-miri-lo-va-passar-la-penultima-visita-den-franco-catalunya/ ayyy , that part when he visits that monument with an inscription in catalan at 1:21 . 
  was n't it forbidden or something ? 
  well , if it makes you feel better , they died fighting , or at least believed so , to halt communism . 
  like that division azul sent from spain to fight along nazism against the ussr . 
  should n't that allow them to reach american hero status ? 
  or it was too soon to fight against the ussr ? 
  well , it did was decapitated from the beginning , so i guess it couldnt be flattering in any way ... 
  i do n't know , the whole thing has left me confused . 
  i guess the idea was for this to happen , but it makes no sense ... eh ... 
  i do n't know . 
  are they pissed off that it was vandalized or happy ? 
  actually ... indian household manners collide with european ones . 
  i am sure is unintentional , but they are not my ideal type of neighbour ... 
  today it occurs to me that [ romance de jose etxailarena ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=otelt-uobau ) could be a candidate . 
  i am in the mood for it . 
  well , it could be worse . 
  mexican muslim negros . 
  yes ... that is more or less my experience . 
  in the uk there are probably a lot of driven , highly educated spanish emigrants , but there is also an ongoing trend which consists of people that does n't know what to do with their lives going to the city to `` learn english '' . 
  of which a good percentage will keep living their `` ni-ni '' ( do n't ( `` ni '' ) work-don ' t ( `` ni '' ) study ) lifes , or at least try hard to . 
  those simply do n't go to germany . 
  almost only the former group will choose coming here . 
  cutting to the point , torrents in germany will be a yes or a no ? 
  thanks for the full data . 
  i was mainly thinking of the rover ... 
  it fitted better my retort , precisely to keep out the whole `` my country '' topic out of the post . 
  it seems i made it worse . 
  but you are right that the prime of the whole thing was thales . 
  because the actual exomars mission is being kinda lead by airbus uk ( stevenage ) . 
  could be inefficiency . 
  maybe is also a desire of actually having more of them in the streets . 
  there is also the fact that spain is bigger than germany , but there are quite less people ( almost half ) . 
  but i actually wonder if part of that inefficiency is having so many police corps ( i do n't really know how many are used usually in other countries but we have like ... 
  seven ? ), 
  just like curiosity has plenty of european-made instrumentation , exomars intended to have a big share of american made equipment . 
  intended . 
  it is not really a competition . 
  i wish it was , maybe more money would go on it . 
  this first part is a prelude to the second part of the mission , where a rover is going to be landed , if that makes it better for you . 
  this rover was going to be done together between nasa and esa , but nasa pulled out , so a smaller one is going to be sent . 
  i like to think that mercy from overwatch is acting as a good embassador to put german language in a better light . 
  that sexy \u201e helden sterben nicht '' is helping a lot . 
  or as close translation , misery loves company . 
  we will do ok . once robots are in the government . 
  well , if they ca n't get corrupted with money . 
  this one is my personal favourite , [ salzburg ] ( http://img04.deviantart.net/abdd/i/2012/041/c/2/mcdonalds_in_salzburg_austria_by_lenslady-d4pasmv.jpg ), 
  i did n't mean only the city layout . 
  people hate cyclists . 
  both weekend and workday cyclists . 
  do n't worry , spain is not bike friendly at all and i found this stupid . 
  i thought it was some clever re-engineering of doors or lanes ... and it 's fucking looking before opening the door ? 
  this is should be an automatic reflex for everyone ... put up handbrake , close mirrors , remove key , look behind you , open the door . 
  no need to think , the guys at the driving school should have drilled that into your soul . 
  ours is one of the best looking ones . 
  yay !, 
  ( not much else to compare about ) ( ( jk , i am actually almost monarchic , but all the shit that was accumulating in the closet of our previous king ... yeah , not nice ) ), 
  good choice  that keyring is the one that they hand out with the new worker welcome package . 
  ( well , i got the defence & space variant ), 
  celebrate your love by visiting http://www.airbus-shop.com/en/ !!, 
  i promise i do n't get a cut . 
  yeah ... 
  in some short histories he goes deeper into the implications of such simple laws . 
  in that movie they did with will smith they also touch on it , when the robot decides between whom to save in a sinking car . 
  ah , asimov ... why did you stop at three rules . 
  now the companies have to sort it out . 
  i think it will make it more likely . 
  it 's not like there is a total war going on ; it 's a game of money , sanctions , benefits , veiled threats and power displays . 
  but in this case , it was both the superior solution * and * produced in europe ... 
  more like a political move from a right wing government who sees a better ally against russia in the us than in europe . 
  this , exactly . 
  if you do it the other day around they probably ask you 1.2 or so euros to get a pound . 
  congrats on the photo . 
  although i am young , i have definitely thought about living there , if i had the money to both retire and have another house somewhere else for jun-aug . having sierra nevada so close for skiing it 's a very good bonus . 
  i think you just need to ask for it ... we even have a couple of imaginary ones , so go figure . 
  i am sure you have the ~ 10 within spain almost nailed down by now . 
  well , i guess being polish you enjoyed communism first hand , so it 's no wonder you have swung to the other extreme . 
  it 's gij\u00f3n . 
  again , mountains , dynamite aplenty everywhere in the hands of the miners and very long political left tradition . 
  it is asturias .
