  it is more a `` guiri '' thing . 
  lots of countries are guilty . 
  reading the thread , it seems like most of us can recognize our fellow countrymen even without them talking . 
  i guess everyone have a national body language , beyond face and clothes , that is a giveaway . 
  although i am spending some days on italy , and some , only some , people make me think they are spanish until they talk italian , so it 's not completely perfect . 
  in my experience , what lets me differentiate chinese from other asiatic tourists is not knowing what a queue is . 
  it 's like they see all these people waiting in front of the cashier and their only thought is `` why are they in the middle !? 
  out of the way , i have to pay '', 
  germany at least have them , exactly the same as ours . 
  i was more offended about not going about it directly . 
  everyone is entitled to their own opinion , and i am not a chef , so i do n't do my living with it . 
  i think it 's the best , but , fair enough . 
  now then , using churros as an example ... are you not trolling me ? 
  that 's street food , you know it , right ? 
  i have n't met many people that manage to be coward and indirect in their opinions while being * behind * a computer screen . 
  such a weak person ... 
  there are two ways to fan the circus . 
  first choice was allowing the use of the flag ( finally , it has been allowed , fyi ) to turn the match into a political affair , a match that btw takes place in madrid against an andalusian team ( the most used places as enemies in the independentists imaginarium , sentiment which then sadly works both directions between your usual idiots ) , and allow minor publicity of the `` cause '' , which they could avoid if they wanted , by pointing the cameras elsewhere . 
  obviously , the second choice , banning it , was going to bring in far more publicity . 
  why ban it , then ? 
  they could have in mind the usual reason to ban flags in football matches ( this is neither the first match nor the first flag ) which is to avoid violence between radicalized groups which bring their affairs into the field . 
  rajoy , pissing off catalonia ? 
  haha . 
  first of all , note the difference between independents and catalonia . 
  then , i will have you know that he is actively avoiding frontally opposing the independents in their 24h/365d circus act , only doing it when he gets cornered and ca n't scurry away like usual . 
  has anyone thought about waving fc barcelona ones ? 
  i know this a political event and not a football match , but it could work ... 
  because it 's the ( only ) spanish country where people make a distinction while pronouncing between `` sa / ... / su '' and `` za / ... / zu '' . 
  in all the others , and some places of spain , both are pronounced the same , as `` sa / ... / su '' i guess using `` spain '' to say `` thpain '' was the easiest word , but the s is pronounced the same in spain and the colonies . 
  so ... if this is real ( i have only seen espain or espanien , which are closer to the truth ) , is kind of a fail . 
  it will be more realistic to go with `` venesuela '' , if someone find it funny . 
  homero simpson . 
  you hit the nail there . 
  you fucking hit the nail . 
  i am off to youtube . 
  well , it is also the most popular one in south america . 
  the skill division between both continents is not so unbalanced . 
  http://i.imgur.com/6xwnthh.jpg?1 as you can see , the civil war and franco 's dictatorship were our golden years . 
  or maybe , there a lot of ifs and buts surrounding the numbers . 
  those maps are very useful . 
  for a bit of banter ... jajaja , portugal is a clearer blue :d :d, 
  mmm ... well , we do n't have a single word for it ( revelador de informaci\u00f3n ) . 
  we have an expression `` tirar de la manta '' , which reveals that the concept is far from foreign . 
  you do n't coin an expression for something you do n't know about . 
  also , reading it in the wikipedia , is not like the english one is terribly old . 
  it was coined with that sense in 1970 , it seems . 
  not until it wins eurovision, 
  maybe they should try and go for more proportional measures . 
  for example , base all help in the tax reduction . 
  all of it is habitable . 
  there are some small `` deserts '' ( spain ) , there are big mountain ranges and big forests . 
  but there are no areas without a soul 100 km around . 
  these are the romanians most people have been meeting for years : http://www.minutodigital.com/wp-content/uploads/01266.jpg so ... yeah , you can imagine the reputation . 
  if our gypsies got abroad we would be in the same situation . 
  maybe . 
  tourists like flamenco . 
  we learned french in my school , not english . 
  so i do n't know . 
  one day reading in english was kinda ok . then , watching videos/movies/series was kinda ok . then i had to travel abroad , and hey , speaking was kinda ok . 
  it was a very slow and seamless process over a lot of years . 
  i was not in a rush . 
  by the time i needed it , i had it . 
  i know some french . 
  my writing and reading are still good , we never practiced speaking in the school , so that 's absolutely terrible . 
  my german is better at this point ; i started with it 1.5 y ago . 
  b1 french , give or take , b2 german . 
  * you could earn easily 2.5 k - 3k $ in the counstruction without studies * it was such a big lure . 
  bonus points for getting in mortages and other debts expecting the salary to be like that all your life . 
  i did n't expect too much of a difference between spain and portugal . 
  now i am curious to see the average of extremadura or galicia , and see if those are closer . 
  i think i have only seen them in my grandfathers houses . 
  they do n't seem to be common in new buildings . 
  the mass is not in latin anymore, 
  well , i have never seen a catholic mass in latin . 
  they were recent , but they are no longer done like that . 
  but we have superlopez !, 
  cachis la mar. 
  which one will get called blas ? 
  i can help you with your research , try to google it in spanish : `` mujer vasca '' . 
  enjoy !, 
  there is much to say about why catalan independence movements are on the rise while basque ones are decreasing ... and a lot of people give different reasons for it . 
  personally , i think that at some point there was a breach between barcelona and madrid politicians which have put things into motion . 
  there is not a direct relationship between independence and recovering the language . 
  but if government and media decides to associate culture and independence together and push for it , fueling the whole thing by magnifying the confrontation between both sides , then you get a increased independence . 
  if not , you can promote the cultures all you want ; that will only be a reason to stay , not to go away . 
  that sounds strange , but if you know them ... 
  i have only seen that in very small kids or very old people . 
  a change of sovereignity will destroy the tax evasion there . 
  of course they want to keep being a black hole of money to everything around ... 
  it 's quite a strategic place , even being so small ... 
  even if the news of petty fights make it seem otherwise . 
  it can be something that in their heads played as a `` prank '' and ended up injuring someone . 
  on another note , i ca n't imagine monaco having hooligans . 
  maybe it 's another german team fans ? 
  well , in the case of zapatero he literally forced himself to have a 50 % -50 % sex split . 
  the issue then it 's that it 's hard to tell if she was one on the candidates forcefully nominated to achieve the quota , or she was truly the best for the job . 
  the only one crystal clear incomprehensible terrible was leire paj\u00edn . 
  she actually set back feminism several years , giving a healthy fear of forced quotas . 
  but , anyhow , i do n't know how much is to discuss in this piece of news . 
  a sad death , more so with her having a small kid , but she left politics years ago , and she was not particularly relevant .
