  the made up differences about how the corrupts in that corner are better made the discussion worth it , though . 
  or let 's talk about apples . 
  you brought that idiotic `` godwin/pujol 's law '' trying to argue that all discussions end up mentioning him . 
  i show you that he 's barely discussed ; i am being hypocritical . 
  let 's talk instead about why pujol and nationalism makes you think about hitler and his nationalism . 
  yeah , look here , everybody talks about him nonstop : http://imgur.com/hhrwcfq, 
  he 's just putting out fires left and right . 
  pujol 's family , as any with the money and the will to do it , endorse thinktanks for their own interests . 
  some years ago it was time for pp and ciu to rule together spain and play nice . 
  some years after , the relationship went slowly south , each side pushed for more , madrid decided it was time to pull the cover on the shit that apparently every one knew about since always ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sr4tr20-jg ) , and the other side went balls deep into pushing the indepentism . 
  now then , pujol is too old to see the jail , their sons and family are going to get away of the whole mess , cocomocho will go back to whatever closet they found him , and everyone will leave the whole deal quite richer . 
  but , yes , evil masterminds , 4chan , 500 years collective wish being coalesced , ayy felipe iv , blablabla, 
  never it 's a strong word . 
  apparently it has been on 2012 , 2013 , 2014 . 
  anyways , you can not find hypocritical . 
  remind me again , when did spain want to leave the eu ? 
  unilateral independence with 50 % +1 vote . 
  solid plan all around . 
  sigh ... pujol , you are not going to see the jail for your multimillionaire scam to the taxpayers , lesson learned here , time to switch off the shitshow . 
  so that 's where z\u00edngaro comes from ... 
  well , entropy , or robots before that . 
  the issue for me was that ww2 seems somehow very far away in the past ; the 90s feels like yesterday to me . 
  i remember a bit that war in the tv news . 
  but well , this xmas i am in the middle of `` postwar , a history of europe since 1945 '' , and i think that as soon as i finish it i will feel ww2 much better connected to today and less in the `` far '' past . 
  after that post of europe from a dutch pov , one has to hope you guys leave all that well behind . 
  ( the post mentioned https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre ), 
  yes , i heard that one before . 
  they took some warships , killed a bunch of civilians and claimed they did n't want to . 
  normal indep business . 
  you do n't appreciate good wine . 
  i brought home some packets from rewe to do gl\u00fchwein and my father would n't let me use his good wines for it . 
  i had to buy some cheap wine to prepare it . 
  https://gfycat.com/thriftytotalamurstarfish this war is won !, 
  murcia is fed up with all the jokes and goes for an independence referendum `` next year '' . 
  yep , that 's why i said used to foreign tourism . 
  they are probably more used to national one , that part do n't get that much publicity out of spain , compared with the others . 
  i have the feeling that they are not so used to foreign tourism in the atlantic north , even accounting for the jakobsweg . 
  compare it with the proficiency of waiters at south/east spain , or mallorca/canary islands . 
  ah , nigel de jong was * that * guy ... http://i.imgur.com/xoods.gif, 
  was n't it to madrid ? 
  at least that was a netherlander told me ... 
  i got the impression there was some duality about it , as the gift were coming from there too ? 
  she said she wanted to go there as a child because of that . 
  but it would be a terrible poll then ... 
  if they were asking about knowing two or more languages , ok , fair enough , but they were asking about foreign ones . 
  if online gaming is any indication , this cyber war is going to be a tough one . 
  so i could realise that la rioja looks like a disheveled lion if you put eyes on it . 
  even being low , for a working age range ( 18-67 i guess ? ), 
  is hard to believe . 
  if it was a 25-35 or so ... maybe . 
  it 's retarded . 
  we have a similar one even more retarded , but it does n't concern itself with foreign matters , so nobody outside of spain knows it and we do n't have to be ashamed about it . 
  i guess e-bikes are less ecofriendly than normal bikes ( much better than cars anyways , and at least you can move the contamination elsewhere than in the cities ) , but if they take off and prices keep going down , they would solve the incline problem , and madrid will still have weather as the advantage . 
  as said , for a simple four words question it 's quite good , not perfect . 
  what it usually means , it 's that someone needs to be not completely comfortable , instead of everyone else being not . 
  not a terrible effort to ask for . 
  she enters a stand and do it there . 
  bladder shyness is not uncommon between men neither . 
  as said it 's a reasonable one , i was not looking for perfection . 
  even so , those cases will not fail the test . 
  they will not take it in the first place . 
  by uniform , that it has well distributed wealth . 
  this is the more important . 
  the others , like same ethnicity , religion , class , language , etc. . . would help , but people will find differences anyways ( political ones mostly ) , so it 's secondary against the first three . 
  `` can you use the urinary ? '', 
  seems like a reasonable pass/fail criteria . 
  she is not planning on going alone . 
  the idea is to gather a few hundreds and walk there together . 
  even so , these kind of things should be stopped somehow . 
  i can not believe there is nothing preventing someone from organising a march to a war zone . 
  you are probably right . 
  the more uniform , rich and social is the country , the less problems you will have with criminality . 
  these kind of ideas are a foolproof way of getting a backfire . 
  in this topic and many others . 
  over-apologizing and overrepresentation are quite idiotic ... do n't force and rush things that need sometime to be naturally fixed , you will just end up back to square one . 
  surely it will be one of the deciding factors ... it 's a shame , if it 's in their interest to have a factory in europe , we should n't be giving these crazy tax breaks , and simply compete with the other factors ( infrastructure , wages , resources , geography , whatever ) . 
  i am no expert , but it did sounded strange that he was n't killed way before entering the city . 
  i understood the theory behind ( that the terrorist did n't know how to drive for that many kilometers ) , but anything else seemed so risky for the terrorist ... 
  either killing him in the middle of berlin or throwing him out of the truck will alert everyone around . 
  using them properly i totally agree , but i am fairly sure we had them explained for a couple of things in physics and maths before uni ( bachillerato -  whatever type of school you get between 16y to 18y old ) . 
  considering how popular beards are , i find strange that no country has any trace of it . 
  edit : ops , 2002 ... 
  at least the spanish one does give me the vibe of being spanish . 
  if she was standing anywhere in the world i will be 99.9 % sure before she said a single word . 
  looking back at school math , i guess it 's related to eigenvalues and eigenvectors . 
  if you change matrixes by faces . 
  that might be why all the polish that i knew that have learnt spanish did it so quickly and flawlessly . 
  no accent , perfect pronunciation , perfect grammar . 
  the only foreigners that are better are romanians , but they have the latin advantage . 
  but i do n't think it will work the other way around haha, 
  yeah ... 
  the difficulty-to-utility ratio is a bit harsh there . 
  looking at this case , it seems like they do n't more surveillance , just more capability to proccess and act on it . 
  yes , something called islam . 
  well ... secesionism is going out of fashion again , and people are getting nervous . 
  na , let it rest . 
  you got personal just by looking at the banner . 
  if i make you write in spanish you are going to punch the screen . 
  truth be told , no . 
  and i am not being petty .
