the first one i get for germany is `` why was it divided '' . 
  i guess there are other factors in play . 
  also , my first one for portugal is the classical `` why doesnt it belong to spain '' :d :d, 
  i might live in my isolate , comfy bubble ... 
  but are we really in hard times ? 
  i am living between germany and spain , and i only know people with easy going lives . 
  i hear about refugees invading germany and i do n't see nothing even close . 
  i hear about spain being poor , and more of the same . 
  i will take this kind of poor . 
  i know not everybody is so lucky , but the 2016 europe is really a hard place to live ?? 
  sometimes i wonder if this left/right populism raising everywhere is people wanting something interesting to happen . 
  right you are . 
  although it 's such an alien concept to me ... 
  if i move somewhere by then , it 's to go back to my home country . 
  i read it wrong at first , and i thought it said that half of the italians between 20 and 40 moved abroad . 
  what . 
  but reading it correctly ... where are the news ? 
  of course that 's the age most people will move abroad ... 
  well , the last time the way forward was not so clear was in 1981 , and there was a coup ... 
  which failed , but the memory is not so far away . 
  although 35 years after the situation is not even comparable , of course . 
  iglesias is 40 kg soaking wet . 
  two tequila shots and he is singing the international hugging errej\u00f3n . 
  pedro in the other hand , looks like a man that can hold his alcohol . 
  looks like he has had his share in his youth . 
  i am always curious about other cultures ... here `` achievement , heroism , assertiveness and material rewards for success '' are very entwined with masculinity , while `` a preference for cooperation , modesty , caring for the weak and quality of life '' are certainly seen as feminine traits . 
  how is it in greece ? 
  argentina can into white . 
  anyways , it 's curious to see that france , germany , england and sweden are getting quite diluded . 
  they do n't seem arbitrary . 
  those are the traditional labels . 
  they might wrong or not today , but they have not been assigned in arbitrary way . 
  you can complain yourself in a direct way , instead of implying it . 
  but that would n't be ... feminine . 
  why not ? 
  of course there is people wanting independence there : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leonese_country, 
  american ? 
  you should see the love for them germans have . 
  well , he had a very strong accent , but he speaks just alright . 
  the british guy wasnt speaking it any clearer ... 
  good lord . 
  i wonder how the voice actors can keep a straight voice and not lose it . 
  i wonder why they couldnt do it with the quality of one punch . 
  i guess the +18 y of berserk makes it less interesting moneywise , but come on . 
  it 's one of the few really good mangas out of there ; almost the only one i can handle without nostalgia 's help . 
  great , we got the one that looks the most depraved . 
  edit : * the series centers around the fictional women-only sport of keijo , where players stand on floating platforms and aim to incapacitate or push their opponent into the water , using only their breasts and buttocks . 
  the story follows nozomi kaminashi , a gymnast who trains at a keijo school , hoping to become the richest keijo player in japan . 
  * thanks japan . 
  well , then ... gotcha . 
  eu army -  military takeover of africa country by country -  zweiter marschallplan -  incorporate updated countries to the eu , new markets abound . 
  everyone got richer in the process , first by war industry , then by all other industries , first world club welcomes a lot of new countries , and no more refugees . 
  somewhere in my four-step must be a flaw , because it has n't been done lately . 
  i do n't think franco did n't wanted to join , it was more like the us , or any ally , were not willing to help franquist spain . 
  at that time . 
  very helpful deals were reached after , when the cold war was raging , as franco 's regime was extremely anti-communism , and spain has a very interesting location military wise . 
  if i had to compare with other medias , i would pick okdiario and p\u00fablico , not the ones you mention . 
  the first time i saw rt linked i thought it was like the onion . 
  half of the articles hold no water , the other are heavily editorialized . 
  as they should , they must start worrying more about workers and less about luxurious ideals . 
  it 's complicated . 
  * rule of thumb * , that flair means left voter . 
  i do n't like that purple neither , the second republic should have just removed the crown and left it at that . 
  the problem with rt is not their different pov . 
  it 's making up facts and passing them as truth . 
  it 's a waste of time for everyone and very misleading to post wrong news . 
  we should have had +10 apocalypse in the lasy year by their count . 
  well , if you need populist left we will be glad to see the back of podemos . 
  enjoy them !, 
  which one ? 
  ours gave to the world a golden phrase not long ago . 
  tweet after an islamism terrorist attack ( orlando gay club ) : `` the blame is on the heteropatriarchy '' . 
  that one and `` it 's an isolated incident '' . 
  defending islam and vandalizing churches is a main characteristic of the left . 
  technically ... 
  yes ? 
  a party with less votes can get more seats than one with less ( it happens all the time with the nationalistic parties ) , but i guess it simply ca n't happen in real life . 
  if there were two extremely balanced parties with basically all seats between both , it would be posible to happen . 
  there was a joke prophecy in spain around at the beginning of 2016 . 
  pablo iglesias elected as presidente , brexit will win , trump is elected as president , zombie apocalypse by xmas . 
  who was gon na tell me spain will be the only one not to fuck it up . 
  i already have booked mine for this year , but i wanted to give it a shot one of those years , so thanks for the article . 
  i will think it for 2018 . 
  i never had that kind of working hours while in spain , but if i had , i would n't like or choose it at all . 
  i doubt there are too many people that like it , but it 's like that because the owners , and the clients , prefer it so . 
  99 % of jobs with that schedule are low qualification ones , so i do n't think they have the chance to heavily retaliate against it , or try to find a different one . 
  those uniforms ... santa inquisici\u00f3n !, 
  well , ours do work . 
  you know , doing ... gypsie things . 
  no taxes , they are `` unemployed '' , they need some help ... wink , wink . 
  i find more ridiculous having to learn second hand what kind of laws your party is trying to pass , getting mad and confused and resorting to insulting me in a sub level messsage in hopes i would n't see it . 
  ridiculous , but not surprising . 
  since the other day you were chanting `` una , grande , libre '' . 
  then again , maybe it was an attempt at calling someone facha because you didnt like what you were reading , you were feeling angry and confused , and that was the best you could bring to the table ? 
  idiot your fucking father , kid . 
  werent you franquist ? 
  why am i spending time here when the only thing i get from you are one liners and memes ? 
  that was interesting to watch . 
  i guess they were all low rank soldiers ? 
  what i affirm , not suggest , is that the more inmature is someone , the more likely is he to vote left .
