  a lot of people have no idea about latvian situation , so it 's completely fair that you have absolutely zero idea of how things are in this side of europe . 
  cut your losses and take it . 
  not likely . 
  it was already done , and it did n't had any success in a period where independence terrorism had more acceptance . 
  thanks , but it 's not spain , just our local townhall retards . 
  two years more only . 
  madrid 's mayor is a bit ... far left . 
  i do n't think sweden had a `` welcome refugees '' improvised/dirty sign hanging from their capital 's town hall since two years ago , neither . 
  the `` a bit '' it 's not sarcasm , she 's mild compared with the rest of that network of parties . 
  i understand that you are being elegant , so i will be blunt . 
  the police shot him down . 
  three days to identify a person that has not been disfigured at all ( basically they waited until the family flew there ) . 
  even after flying there and finally getting a confirmation , they have no permission to see the body until the day after elections . 
  if anyone can think of any single reason to let the family spend several days thinking the man was just disappeared instead of confirmed dead , i would be curious . 
  yeah , i do n't think that 's homophobic . 
  i wanted to offend , and most phrases for that are sexual related . 
  maybe you are tge one sexually discriminating assuming i assumed everyone is a man in the internet . 
  carry on with your thing lads , now the post is about us being somehow worse . 
  it 's the tourist thought process . 
  happens to a lot of people . 
  they are in holidays in a holidays place and they forget that 's also a place where people live and non-touristic things are happening . 
  so they go around having a smile and not taking anything seriously , acting like they would never do back at home . 
  she did n't come as cringey to me , though . 
  but most people would . 
  it was all about that free majau he got . 
  that 's the issue ... having thousands of `` likely attackers '' . 
  if there were 10 around , having a pair of policemen follow them around 24h would be ok . 
  they realised about something anyone can exploit in short notice , no preparation or know-how needed , opposite to anything with explosives . 
  still , the police can still do something about it , and i am sure they have prevented several of these already ... 
  got the sarcasm . 
  that was the origin of my two-words , very direct , question . 
  what has ? 
  i. . . had forgotten . 
  he just wo n't stop giving . 
  it is a bit of a consolation for foreigners , but for sure some people will be sad to see it go and it will be kept alive , wo n't it ? 
  do n't worry , we got your back ... 
  it is expreso . 
  although i always pronounce it with `` s '' . 
  it 's not that bad ( most of the time ) , even with that joke of `` au\u00dfer hochdeutsch '' . 
  at least is n't with the non-rural people ... 
  yeah , that lovely realisation when you understand 99 % of what merkel says in tv , and 1 % of whatever was said the b\u00e4ckerei . 
  and it 's not only in k\u00f6ln where this seem to happen . 
  there is another there ? 
  and i thought the joke ended with the `` other '' galicia ... 
  congrats romanians , you are much more iberians than us or the portuguese . 
  if those cave paintings count as stories ... 
  yes . 
  if not , too soon for that . 
  but i reckon some gods myths/folklore reach to back then and further . 
  maybe you have heard a story that was also told back then with different names . 
  ireland ai n't bad at it neither . 
  1.70 $ ... * supermarket -  expensive !, 
  * random vending machine -  ok * airport -  cheap !, 
  i agree with him , in a supermarket 1.7 $ for half a liter is robbery . 
  but yes , i have seen enough of switzerland to know what 's your perspective ... 
  first guess would be low density . 
  half the population of germany , slightly more surface . 
  well ... we also have that law ... 
  but laws and gypsies do n't play well together, 
  better do it before they get those 100bn in new weapons , then . 
  yeah ... 
  except madrid is the most `` ripped off '' community ( taxes paid vs taxes coming back ) . 
  and everybody in every country is from x city/region when within and from the country when outside ... 
  precisely the point some make is not being spaniards when speaking with foreigners . 
  misery is fun to watch . 
  when it happens to others . 
  the backup plan i think was to declare independence and then keep the spanish nationality at the same time . 
  so they still have eu citizenship and a proper passport . 
  mindfuck , is n't it ? 
  which i find completely normal ... we have our own forums ; i do n't come to reddit to post in a spanish forum . 
  what i actually find strange is that other countries ( non anglophones ) actually do have a big presence on their own subreddit . 
  i guess there was n't a previous big enough community elsewhere ? 
  i get the joke he wanted to make , but i wonder how did he avoid getting his bike stolen in parla . 
  risky choice . 
  nuclear white, 
  that 's why we have internet . 
  you just need to claim this is the shortest bridge . 
  if nobody else retort with a shortest one , boom , proved . 
  premiumsim for example is 10 $ , 3gb and calls within eu included . 
  check check24.de and decide for one . 
  you did n't look too much if you are paying 14 $ for 300mb in germany ... 
  they are luckier than smokers . 
  they do n't need to stop buying anything ; they would get to keep eating , every single day . 
  just less and healthier . 
  well , it might be that protestant countries have a strong propaganda in that regard . 
  the things you see in the us with science vs church are uncanny seen from the pov of any catholic country . 
  he , now that you mention it , it 's kinda funny how the wheel spun . 
  being conservative is * not * adhering to the old ways in this case . 
  might as well ... but if you are not counting calories , you will eat less if you take 100g of carrots instead of 10g of sugar . 
  tobacco is and was fought back ... obesity might be harder , but we might as well do the same for it . 
  could start by stopping those movements trying to promote , just as it was done with tobacco and movies . 
  then , obligatory pictures of fupas on everything sugar powered . 
  hear , hear . 
  quite nice . 
  they gave a free concert in the hill when i was there . 
  is it a common occurrence or i was extra lucky ? 
  i do recognise several parts as different . 
  madrid i see very intertwined with castilla , cantabria too , but with the le\u00f3n part , not the castilian part . 
  if you see the rest of spain as a big castilian blob , maybe * you * have the issue . 
  completely fair comparation , country vs solar system .
