  if push came to shove , they would shut up and look the other way . 
  now , molotov throwing kids are evil besides naive and would push , shove and thrust if it came to that . 
  luckily eta is just a bunch of jailed yonkis and deluded memories , so it wo n't come to that . 
  yes , exactly that i meant . 
  no , people throwing a molotov and doing graffitis supporting eta , support eta . 
  did you really need help to bridge that ? 
  what it is difficult to understand how you can call that fighting for freedom . 
  imposing * your * own idiotic banana republic vision on your comrades and killing random people for it is not `` fighting for freedom '' . 
  the only thing they are going to do is reveal stashes of useless , expired explosives to the police . 
  there is no disarmament left when there are no weapons to begin with . 
  i do n't even even know who is talking in their name . 
  some random guy from bildu i guess . 
  it * has * been several years ago , you ding-dong . 
  several times . 
  they are non-existent at this point . 
  they are going to reveal places where the explosives stashed are useless due to the time it has passed , go figure . 
  they were `` just '' selling them . 
  no plans to use them themselves . 
  or vote populism . 
  fedora-downvote trolls are n't 99.999999 % atheist ? 
  he carries a second republic flag to say `` i am spanish but i hate spain '' . 
  there is a lot of people nowadays that hate what they are . 
  i think it 's called being edgy . 
  on a different topic , not really . 
  a bit disappointed lately with ciudadanos . 
  i have been living for almost 3 years on germany , so i can wait on finding something else ; i just think long term about spain . 
  because flying the spanish second republic flag ( the first kept the red/yellow/red ) is used to represent being against `` present spain '' . 
  that can range from `` i am against monarchy but ok with the rest '' ( rarely ) to `` i simply hate spain '' . 
  when you fly the second republic flag you are adhering yourself to far far more than `` i want a republic '' . 
  all that fluff and lace mixed with an exploding inferno and they are still ok . you can tell they are professionals . 
  as far as i know , it applies to everyone . 
  but of course , it can be modified before the people working now go into retirement , if they give a reasonable warning ahead . 
  i do n't know if the minimum time needed to warn/change is fixed by law . 
  just as info , as long as you have worked more than 38.5 y you can still retire at 65y . 
  it 's only if you have worked less than that when it goes up to 67 . 
  65y when you have worked for at least 38.5 y. 
  if you have n't , is almost 65y . 
  it 's increasing one month per year until reaching the 67y in 202x . 
  i think now is 65y and a half . 
  even so , i do n't know where the 30y comes in in the graph ... 
  mmm . . but spain has a 83y life expectancy . 
  if a 30y old is expected to be retired for only 14y/19 .6 y , that either means that the life expectancy wo n't go up , that the government expect us to work 1 year more for each year the life expectancy increases , or that this graph is not meant for a 30y old . 
  it 's not even right for today ; retirement age is 65y ( 83-65 = 18 ) . 
  personally , i prefer the colors used in this one ; it looks more real : http://i.imgur.com/oz2fxfr.jpg, 
  can we put this together with a bmi per country stat ? 
  lack of need . 
  but knowing spanish is a tremendous advantage if you need to learn italian . 
  we have spanish politicians and periodists going on sexist tirades every week . 
  against men , of course . 
  do n't you ? 
  thanks for that . 
  is the https://www.aap.org/en-us/pages/default.aspx the real one then ? 
  my take at the topic is that we should let the medical institutions handle the issue . 
  the bus , the original campaign that it 's countering ( which was the same imagery as this one , but conveying the opposite message ) , and pc `` help '' are out of place here . 
  it 's up to them to define what it is and how and when it should be treated and handled ; getting in the topic with words as `` sacred '' and `` triggering '' is irresponsible , ignorant and disgusting . 
  a circus and nothing else . 
  https://www.acpeds.org/the-college-speaks/position-statements/gender-ideology-harms-children since you seem like a science guy ... my take at the topic is that we should let the medical institutions handle the issue . 
  buses and pc counterattacks are out of place here . 
  it 's up to them to define what it is and how and when it should be treated ; getting in the topic with words as `` sacred '' or `` offending/triggering '' is irresponsible and ignorant . 
  were you one of the idiots with the bag of bagels or what ? 
  i would n't take this to the courts , but it is obvious who is the victim and that shouting and being aggressive after the fifth bagel is a perfectly normal response . 
  throwing the phone through the window with the bagel would have been too . 
  haha , asturian actually , not austrian . 
  i guess we can add another name to the austria/australia joke ... 
  well , if we can deviate like that , we can put a photo of a cachopo and close down the post . 
  eco !!, 
  it is * the * factor . 
  no need to look deeper . 
  just consider this : within the level headed parties , the ones looking at the left say so openly ; the ones looking to the right avoid saying the word and talk about conservative , center or dodge the question . 
  only extreme ones will accept being right-wing . 
  bonus : some years ago the political tv advertisement of the psoe consisted of black and white images , some dobermans barking and the message `` the right is coming '' ( meaning the other big party ( pp ) ) . 
  the lack of nationalism comes from the same place . 
  it 's not that long . . convert it to german and you will see , right like at home . 
  really ? 
  igmetall got a 2.8 % general increase last year , and another 2 % this year . 
  and i do n't remember anymore the one from 2015 , but was n't it to the like ? 
  i have never seen a sector salary increase like that in spain . 
  as always , it 's about the message of hate you put across , not the fact itself . 
  of course burning books , crosses , photos or flags ( of your property ) is harmless if strip from the intention behind . 
  there is no public backlash because the charges are for glorifying eta , with the crown thing as a cherry on top . 
  insulting the crown , if done without threats , it 's common in tv , magazines , politicians , etc. 
  would there be a public backlash there because an idiot got jailed for preaching nazism ? 
  i do n't see the point of discussing an article that people are not able to read . 
  i do n't even know if we are talking or doing monologues . 
  `` made illegal '' , `` pretend it happened by choice '' , who said anything to the like ? 
  and then , `` do it like switzerland '' . 
  in most cantons from switzerland the only official language is german . 
  how it does n't take precedence ?? 
  if it 's because they dropped the `` co '' at national level , or that helvetia thing , i can do it for your sake from now on . 
  hispania it is . 
  wait , the basque ... 
  first part : '' ` spanish is more important than any other language in this country '' . 
  meaning that if * one * language must be chosen to communicate anything , the one spoken by everyone takes precedence ? 
  i understand that you do n't see a problem here ? 
  second part : come on , you know the order at home is catalan  urd\u00fa  tagalo   spanish  , 
  i guess it 's my fault for not making it 110 % straightforward , foolproof and obvious that i meant it compared to other languages with the same co-official status . 
  ha , this is golden . 
  now it 's the rest of spain fault that the guy did n't wanted to work 20hours instead of 4 in the map . 
  i doubt there is a single language in the rest of europe getting more money and attention poured in than any of the co-official spanish ones . 
  every single topic with the goddamn agenda ...
