  i hope i am not discovering the wheel here . 
  ah , the brigading ... 
  but you surely know they already tried to pass the law to allow 16y old to vote , do n't you ? 
  and that the more inmature is someone , the more likely is to vote left , oder ? 
  all those 16y , 17y , so exposed to twitter calling facha to anyone telling them to eat their vegetables ... pablo surely imagine a better outcome by molding the allowance to vote . 
  i still wonder what karma is supposed to be for . 
  they may grow if someone was stupid enough to help them on their ideas of removing the vote for the elder and allowing it for the +16 y old . 
  why imagine such country , when i can simply visit venezuela ? 
  the disclaimer was not needed , the flair let me know that you vote something with even better wishes for our country . 
  phew , that was close , podemos was kept out . 
  now , to hope that for the next election they are gone like a bad dream . 
  it was on the original image , it is not used at all in the west ( besides the voiceovers used in the news for politicians and so on ) . 
  it 's basically one or two voices talking over all the original voices ( which are still there , but a lower volumen ) . 
  they are not voice actors . 
  i am sure that it has been done somewhere . 
  it 's a retarded thought though . 
  well , explaining why dubbing is good is a different topic altogether . 
  i thought everyone knows what is the purpose of dubbing . 
  they transform expressions , references and jokes to something that the local population can relate to . 
  they integrate it seamless in what you are watching , instead of using subtitles to help you understand what is being said breaking the fourth wall and making most expressions lifeless , unless you actually understand the audio . 
  something out of reach for most , even if you were to force-feed vo media on the population from now on ( most tv hours are nationally produced programs , anyways , at least on spain ) they cater to most of the population , making any foreign movie better in any sense for those who neither want nor need to learn english , french or japanese , or whatever foreign language the movie comes in . 
  if you think it 's pure nostalgia , try and look for it in youtube . 
  let me know if you enjoy that 40y old voice they gave him in the original ... 
  what else is needed to defend it ? 
  since this has been a jerk circle against dubbing so far , let me be the first to defend it . 
  first , the easy one . 
  animated series . 
  the classics , the simpsons , futurama , shin chan ... 
  they are far more enjoyable to me dubbed ; they did a really stellar job with most animated series i can think of . 
  then , dubbed movies . 
  more of the same for most 1990 , 2000 ones i can think of . 
  then , series . 
  here i only know about german dubbing and vo . 
  if i remember the last ones i have watched german dubbed in netflix , they look quite well dubbed to me . 
  archer , the walking dead , luke cage are the ones i watched in october . 
  all three were very well dubbed , i ca n't imagine most native speakers having a worse experience than watching a vo with subtitles . 
  a big yes to the dubbing industry . 
  not voice overs though , i do n't know who thought of that ... ( also , since 25y ago most movies and series come with both vo and dubbed track in tv . 
  change it if you do n't like it ), 
  ah ... that sucks . 
  it annoys me to no end not having it here . 
  they have a bit done in http://openstreetview.org , but there is still a lot to fill up . 
  i hope google decided to pick it up again , if they get a better reception this time . 
  as a neutral observer , i saw the meaning perfectly fine in both english and french ... are they not direct translations from one another ? 
  so ... did he got mad when he found out , and that 's why most germany has no street view ? 
  what does being in a democracy have to do with the capital punishment ( see us ) ? 
  in fact , if enough people are happy with it , would n't being in a democracy help install it ? 
  probably , i didnt realize he meant that the year was wrong , and i knew perfectly that they are post reconquista . 
  he said that they discovered a conservative group , not that jesuists were conservative . 
  well , executing them will prevent further crime in a more effective way , if that 's our objective . 
  and will prevent others to do it more than a free-out-of-jail for minors . 
  i am sick of hearing of 17y old men getting away with horrible shit in all europe . 
  itt : people getting scared of having children . 
  just what europe needed . 
  also , why is sweden not the first by a long shot ? 
  well , the nato . 
  the secretary , stoltenberg , gave a press briefing . 
  i do n't think the towel-sellers part is mocking . 
  people actually believed/believe that the towels were good and very cheap there . 
  100 % serious , crossing the border to buy them and get back because that 's all there is to portugal was quite common . 
  mmm ... actually , i think that makes it much worse than joking about it . 
  +1 , wtf . 
  i do n't even remember if i ever heard one . 
  even the typicals `` a french , an english , a chinese , blahblah , enter a bar '' almost never include a portuguese ... what 's the source of this ? 
  jokes about people doing stupid or strange things are for lepe ( a spanish town which was chosen ... 
  i do n't know why , the name maybe ) , and of course the clich\u00e9s of each region . 
  that 's it , never portugal . 
  hehe , point or not , it was an interesting one . 
  depending on which type of basques , i wonder if they would be more annoyed by getting called spanish or mexicans . 
  i find that quite natural , i do n't know why the guy you are replying to is surprised . 
  mexico is in the border to the us and spain is at the other side of the atlantic ... 
  fuck that shit , i am sure that without all those retired british we would win . 
  what i meant is that is being trendy for a couple of years . 
  once the upper classes get nothing more of it , it will get back to its stale state . 
  well , the problem was that nationalism has evolved into independistm for a couple of years . 
  get the referendum out of the table and get back the classic nationalist parties , and psoe would have been able to pact with podemos and even with c 's . 
  well , i am quite happy to being able to vote ciudadanos . 
  i am happy that podemos takes the place of iu . 
  if another new serious party appears to take the place of main left party and relegates the psoe , it would also work for me . 
  but as said , podemos it 's not really ... well , fit for it . 
  that 's why they fit quite well as the new iu , to protest against the heteropatriarchy , makes us check our priviliges and get naked in churches . 
  they are there to `` to fight against the power '' , not to take it . 
  i think you are a bit too much to the right for me . 
  i will try to remember how you tick for the next time . 
  well , it 's your decision . 
  pp getting to govern is also good enough for me . 
  it could be improved , but if that 's your vote , i can live with that . 
  afaik , podemos goes together with iu , of which we already had quite a few years of experience . 
  it 's good to gathering lost causes , have a laugh , and from time to time bring attention to something that truly needs it . 
  but they are simply not fit to govern , first of all , because just like iu , they have never expected themselves to . 
  being in the opposition for some years will hopefully show it , and relegate them to a minor presence in the parlament , no more . 
  for whomever lives in spain , i guess ? 
  it 's certainly an improved version . 
  it `` s the best choice right now , imho . 
  indeed , it would be terrible . 
  the only hope left is them making as many foolish things as posible while in the opposition to be reduced to being the new iu ( the eternal 1m votes party ), 
  could be ... 
  but if we are going deep into it , https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_alabama seems to confirm the relationship . 
  so ... alabama carries the old spanish empire flag . 
  curious .
