  good day . 
  i am also fucking tired of this shit , just close the fucking border and let them rot in that tax-evading boil in the ass . 
  calling offering them an option to stay within eu an invasion is quite the stretch . 
  it 's oficial , babel tower part 2 starts today . 
  they sound like normal business for me ... 
  i guess it 's what one gets for having a monarchy . 
  i feel like we should discuss this in spanish . 
  you are not following . 
  so ... this happened two years ago . 
  why didnt they leak anything ? 
  if they were to make them up they would have done so . 
  is it not the logical conclusion that they didnt find any real evidence , and thus they kept their mouth shout ? 
  why do you people stop being critical whenever something serves your cause ? 
  and which one says `` create false accusations '' ? 
  i respect that you want to stay completely objective , and you tried to translate the title without adding a twist of your own . 
  the problem is that the newspaper is quite a twisted one , even if it 's the original source . 
  they used a quite misleading wording , and you finished the job by adding `` false '' to it . 
  any non-spanish speaking will just read the title and not the article . 
  and they will leave with a completely false piece of information on their heads . 
  do n't you feel conflicted ? 
  when pressed for a dimission , the minister is using precisely that . 
  that he is being accused by a completely overinflated piece of shit , and he does n't need to leave the office . 
  and he is right , because he is being confronted by an overinflated piece of shit made to create noise before the elections , instead of being confronted with the actual charges . 
  the reality is bad enough to lie in the title . 
  what kind of idiot does it take to fuck up a perfect piece of information against the pp , by lying to make it seem worse ? 
  remove that shithole '' `` newspaper '' '' and put a real one . 
  they were trying to find real dirt to use against them , not to produce false accusations . 
  really , why the fuck do we have to have this braindead opposition ? 
  it means baleful . 
  i could have swear english had the word , but it seems it does n't . 
  no skulls and svasticas ? 
  or dobermans ? 
  we had a tv spot in spain some years ago that was basically dobermans barking and ( baleful ) white and black images , with the message `` the right is coming !! '', 
  maduro already said he is coming to spain , we do n't need another showman . 
  to everyone that 's arguing about the topic ... this . 
  it 's a small far-right party that resorted to this to get some time in the spotlight . 
  they had 50k votes in the whole country last december . 
  there is little discussion to be had about the whole thing . 
  he was going for the independence . 
  otherwise , dorne is a quite straightforward iberia . 
  well , most of us can write down how to fix the world in about 2 hours of tapeo , in whatever napkin is at hand . 
  that being the case , it will be very impolite to not care about the world . 
  i agree , it 's impossible that this was done to support brexit . 
  it 's trolling . 
  it was a brilliant idea . 
  the only problem is that you have to pay 1.80 $ and ask them to mail it to you . 
  it kinda defeats the idea of making it attractive . 
  at least some people ( the ones who are more proactive anyways ) will download it . 
  in belgium people assume power and responsibilities when they are 1000 years old ? 
  wow , in spain we start about 30y old only ... maybe we should relax . 
  i just remember some magazines coming with some rubbel `` from the wall '' sometime after , not watching it on tv . 
  i was way too young to remember that . 
  in some parts is surprising , and in others is not that much . 
  people that ca n't remember it , just as me , are old enough to assume power and responsibilities . 
  people way younger can vote . 
  enough time has passed for the will to split countries and empower communism to reappear in europe . 
  you may see again a similar video before you are too old . 
  well , it 's rather straightforward : https://giant.gfycat.com/brilliantplayfulgoose.gif, 
  the feminists argue that women are more easily manipulated . 
  men do fine with impossible role models . 
  it 's their field of expertise , so let 's let them work . 
  they just need to say `` i swear i will abide by the constitution '' . 
  then , depending on how populists they are , they can add their own comments to garner idiots admiration . 
  also , they can swear or promise . 
  www.forocoches.com the spanish think tank . 
  please no . 
  i thought only spain was plagued by the return of the gintonic and the extreme idiocy around it . 
  germany is still safe . 
  in spain people do the same . 
  `` brit\u00e1nico '' is a word for tv news . 
  anyone else will just say `` ingl\u00e9s '' . 
  i think most non-english speaking countries do the same . 
  i can not give you a more elaborated answer , this forum is not the place to define in detail a `` properly designed tourism '' , and as said , is not an easy task . 
  the objectives were well defined , though . 
  avoid impacting negatively the locals lives , avoid impacting negatively the local environment , maximize the benefits obtained . 
  tourism planned in a way that this is achieved is good , tourism that fails to meet the three points goes from `` not so good '' to `` bad '' depending on which points were failed and by how much . 
  not properly designed tourism is the problem . 
  you ca n't just put your effort into bringing as many people as possible : a proper balance must be reached to benefit both tourists , the local population and the economy . 
  not an easy one , specially because it has not been properly planned from the beginning ( back in the 60s ) . 
  they are just taking the easy solution , `` scaring '' tourists to reduce the numbers . 
  but everyone knows that the correct solution is intelligent design and regulation . 
  not an easy task , btw , even if all parties would sit down together to forge a long term plan . 
  but tourism planification has never been considered seriously by any party . 
  the only question on the table was `` how do we attract as many as posible ? '' . 
  madness , considering the importance it has in spain . 
  * just quoting this , because lately there has been some misconception about the languages being forbidden and spoken in whispers in the darkness . 
  this looks like he is testing the waters to fire iglesias and take over the party . 
  a bit too soon in my opinion , but it is his money after all . 
  we will see how it plays out . 
  you forgot `` manipulated by local oligarchy '' in your list . 
  i am just sympathetic to the fact that a +65 y old will have a bad time learning the language . 
  i agree that if they have a solid plan to go there when they are younger , they should really do the effort beforehand . 
  a good english friend is planning to retire there in ~ 15y and he is slowly learning the language now . 
  that 's the attitude for me . 
  they are old people . 
  i would like them to do the effort , but in my book they get a pass . 
  ( also , the less old people that drives , the better . ), 
  the truth is , that the zone has been excluded as nato territory in the past , even if this hurt spanish interests . 
  this is a black or white situation ; either the area is under nato or is not . 
  since it was decided it is not , there is no reason to deny support to russian vessels there .
