  anytime a party wastes time with it , they lose my interest . 
  i fear that all parties have family links to that period ; even the newest ones ... you can not have a regime from 40 years in a country and expect that one generation after all the descendants of the families that held any responsibility have simply vanished . 
  most politicians come from old money or old family anywhere . 
  i mean , i get the blueeyeness : that real communism has never been applied , the smurf village was communist and they were happy , and so on ... 
  but once you get down to the gritty details , they are the same : something to keep far , far away from any country you want to make a live in . 
  do you want mobs going to politicians houses ? 
  what 's your problem ? 
  you know that you can hound them at the congress and their offices , where you are actually accosting * them * instead of their families ? 
  fucking internet tough guys . 
  sounds quite feasible . 
  no / s, 
  add cooking curry to the classical formulary ( do you smoke , do you have a pet , do you have small children , etc ) and avoid the polemic . 
  although not renting to x group due to their customs is nothing new . 
  is somebody out there renting to gypsies ? 
  september 25th , 2017, 
  i can , barely , get if somebody has a disease ... 
  but it is really an issue for somebody else ? 
  * months * adapting to the new schedule ? 
  for ... real ? 
  i have never seen anyone having an issue , lest of all by monday . 
  if productivity is going down ( !!!, 
  ) , move it half an hour and leave it there forever . 
  did n't you say `` hoch leben '' ? 
  maybe it 's not usually together with germany , but it 's almost a literal translation of `` viva '' , `` long live '' used for the same concept ... at least with die mannschaft i have heard it . 
  avoid baseball players too !, 
  weeell ... 
  the urea is very good for the skin , and if you wash yourself with water after ... . 
  i would like to have what pages like curiua already do integrated in amazon , and i do n't see the reason not to do it either . 
  just like when you are buying second hand in amazon , you would get a list showing where the product comes from and the item costs + delivery costs to where you live . 
  click and buy whatever works best for you in price/delivery time . 
  unless curiua is illegal for some strange reason . 
  they are all white like most of the population of those countries , so i think that sector will remain calm . 
  it would probably be more like , the heteropatriarchy is using cute women on skirts to represent inanimate ideas . 
  that 's * objectivation * !!, 
  also , they are all white and none is fat . 
  omg . 
  i am drunk too !, 
  and the bodensee ? 
  it 's clear that i am not a wine man ... 
  i had heard the name a hundred times and i always thought it was a brand and not a type . 
  a post where you learn something is a good one i guess . 
  i think this whole thing is against the west/christian background countries . 
  maybe he was passing by , or visiting his mates in molenbeek and decided to improvise . 
  what complain ? 
  i thought total world population was growing , was n't it ? 
  i would n't see it as a terrible issue , it 's ok to stabilise or decrease a bit ... 
  i do n't think we are going extinct , and infinite growth it 's not possible . 
  now , what i always found a bit sad is that the countries where children can have a brighter future are precisely the ones with less kids . 
  yep , first thought that crossed my mind too . 
  yes , but all mixed together ... 
  i would be interesting to see them one by one , even better with sensibilities , but it 's probably too much to ask . 
  i guess , it 's not only food habits , but food , health system , exercise , smoking/drinking levels , weather , wealth , traditional family systems ... 
  it will be curious to put all the factors together and see where are the major differences . 
  only in countries with a deposit charged in the bottles . 
  in spain there is none for example , so it makes no sense to use that machine ... 
  they are just thrown to recycle with the rest of the crystal in the street containers . 
  that 's the part which is not clear if it 's true . 
  being objective , that purple is not very esthetic . 
  plus , it 's not very clear if they added it thinking it meant a different thing . 
  they should have kept the 1st republic flag . 
  it 's good fun triggering a dutche so hard . 
  you did n't even finish the post for pete 's sake . 
  such a terrible thing to say !, 
  i am astonished , i tell you . 
  spain had had far worse periods in economy and territories than now . 
  i do n't think is anything close to linear downfall from the peak . 
  and then , there is topic of whether the population lived better then or not . 
  if that 's our marker , these are probably the best years . 
  ding , thread closed . 
    ** so ... what part is disinformation ** , that they have the same ideas but without terrorism , or that they wo n't allow bloodied hands in ? 
  both ? 
   hb wanted to secede from eta since the hipercor days , to the point that aralar was formed from hb in the ' 90 's , and the rest of 80 began to feel tired of being commanded from nut `` far west '' people while themselves did all the good politics . 
  so ... what part is disinformation , that they have the same ideas but without terrorism , or that they wo n't allow bloodied hands in ? 
  both ? 
  they way you spun that makes it look like half of the basque parliament is made of ex-terrorists that got too old for the shoot to the nape . 
  the point probably was that there are way too many , enough to make it the first language to be learned there . 
  if that 13.5 % of non-natives living there it 's true , yes , that it 's too much . 
  making an effort is good , although duolingo is for a beginner in the language . 
  are they active ? 
  out of curiosity , what were they doing ? 
  i know bildu is the non-terrorist spin off of the same ideas , so they are probably trying their best to distinguish and to not allow anyone with blood in their hands in . 
  but being an eta member now is a non violent two hours sidejob ; i do n't a reason they would n't allow someone to do a couple of videos and papers , specially to close the thing . 
  he always had those quagmire cheeks . 
  if i knew that this was about semantics , i would n't have come along so far ... 
  grapo was from catalonia , not andalucia . 
  i think you want mano negra there . 
  and again , both-things-together . 
  we are not doing a trial here and we do n't need a through investigation , we are looking for the most logical solution to the equation of `` violence with molotovs + young extreme left basques + support to jailed eta members '' . 
  if yours is `` they do n't * exactly * support eta '' so be it . 
  as long as gesto does n't use * violence * to support it , as the little angels you are so kin to defend , they wo n't be bipolar . 
  deluded in my opinion , but not bipolar . 
  violence + support for jailed terrorist . 
  is it truly farfetched that they are pro eta ? 
  why are you mixing gesto por la paz and errejon with those guys from the article ? 
  are they the same in you eyes ? 
  that was such bad trolling , that i am convinced you are a basque ultranationalist acting as a spanish ultranationalist who acts as a basque ultranationalist . 
  to make them look bad . 
  maybe there a few layers more there . 
  podemos members do love the romantic idea of leftist killers . 
  but it 's sheer naivety in their case , not wickedness .
