  in my case is just banter , not hate , but it 's quite an effort to learn a language from a foreigner , to get another layer of difficulty on top of it . 
  or to have to learn or understand yet another one in the case of catalonia . 
  just adding the obvious , egoist , rational explanation in case someone is missing it . 
  or with swiss overtaking you in a german autobahn ? 
  ( where i have the feeling they go just try out their new crazy expensive car ) :p, 
  we might have a reversed case of http://i.imgur.com/p6t8znt.jpg in the op . 
  it 's all in the wording . 
  you can see it as a plan to make the member states more dependent on eu , so they wo n't leave . 
  or you can see it as , since they would n't want to leave , you can be more dependent on eu and optimize organizations . 
  i thought he surpassed his father at this point , but you are right , julio is still the boss in number of sold discs . 
  i said that because i read somewhere , some days ago , that enrique has more `` number ones '' . 
  i think that ours is actually enrique iglesias . 
  as in , the best seller all around the world . 
  it is not my style of music . 
  we actually had a joke going on saying `` that 's what happens for taking all those spanish engineers '' . 
  regulations are for those that can not avoid them . 
  i can live with getting doriath , i can certainly live with that . 
  at some point we did have enough forest to get away with that parallelism . 
  at least the phrase `` a squirrel could cross spain without leaving the branches '' account for it . 
  epic . 
  we should not forget to write that one off as both an accident and a terrorist attack of one of our independentist groups . 
  she should counter calling her rabenmutter for maximum unpolitically correct amusement . 
  the next question is what happens if a opt-out citizen dies in an opt-in country and vice versa . 
  well , some people will say that nazism is more troubling than nudism . 
  but i see your point , and i think that ridiculizing these things is more effective than censuring them . 
  they do that in germany anyway , the other day i saw a episode of the tatorteiniger where they were ridiculizing a neonazi verein , there was this hitler wakes up in present germany some months ago ... 
  i do n't think is taboo . 
  pp and psoe , where most if the corruption comes , have lost a lot of seats against new parties . 
  ciu split in two parties . 
  one if them created a frankstein party , mixing all kind of incompatible groups , with the sole purpose of pushing for independence , and got enough votes to govern . 
  i guess they dodged the punishment , eh ? 
  it was sarcasm , i know that that money goes down the drain . 
  the only win-win outcome is when the shitshow stops , and we all get back to work , instead of losing term after term promising things that they fully know they wo n't get . 
  on which those parties completely rely on , because there is no `` after '' plan at all . 
  fucking up the lives of the people living there and the rest of spain just for political seats is not something i find very amusing . 
  i repeat , you are going in way over your head with the situation in spain . 
  if not , they can get voted again to do ... independentist things . 
  well worth the salary . 
  you are getting too hotted up . 
  you are mixing the topic with i do n't know which country ( i am thinking ex-urss ) . 
  there is no `` forcing '' , `` invading '' or `` gulags '' . 
  there is just `` stopping '' a loss-loss situation for both parties originated by a power trip from certain political parties going full retard after the crisis . 
  i do n't understand where the sarcasm is coming from . 
  blackmailing is not a small thing . 
  well , let me know where you draw the line between the nutjobs and the ones writing real non-revisionist history . 
  i hope it will be the same line for the next independist that pass by , or this will be a waste of time . 
  please . 
  deep down you must know that nowadays revisionism is the name of the game inside catalonia , not outside , so you should rather not bring that word up . 
  i actually read quite a lot about that a few years ago . 
  read , not lived , felt or saw , as all that passed before i was born . 
  as of today , the swing of repression has passed the middle point , and if does n't stop there , it will come down hard from the other side . 
  your side . 
  go outside instead of reading pamphlets . 
  i do n't think liquidlegend sold anything to anyone ... 
  nor you seem to be very suppressed . 
  anyways , back then it seems like the locals were happier than now to join france . 
  was n't the revolt a big factor , if not the root cause , of such `` sale '' ( strange word for losing a war , and having to yield territories ) ? 
  i would to like point that it was 6 and a half one . 
  i do n't think ours can take that many decisions or compromise anything for even the next year . 
  i think it was literally figuratively . 
  it 's quite good , actually . 
  but it might be because it felt more real ( as a spaniard ) than an american one , being done in the style of a spanish interview program , local uniforms for firefighters and police , etc. 
  it helped a lot to make it feel less movie-like . 
  i thought having a lot of parties at national level instead of two , just like in half of the regions , made us super modern and cool . 
  maybe rajoy can press all the parties together in some kind of frankenstein monster to keep the seat , like fregonet did . 
  barring `` treason vote '' ( a mp voting against the decision of its party , which is not unheard of ( tamayazo ) ) , none . 
  so , almost none . 
  a shame , after all the work rivera put in . 
  it may pay off when they both get enough votes together after a 3rd one . 
  i like reading books a lot . 
  but i have to say that most of my reading is just good histories . 
  i do n't read that many `` cultural '' books lately ; knowledge i get from the internet and work , not books , since i left the university . 
  honestly , the question meaning has changed a lot since internet came . 
  ah , the free houses they get every few years to destroy and sell for scrap , gotcha . 
  what was the spanish solution ? 
  because it was not a very effective one , seeing that there is still a lot of marginal gipsy neighbourhoods acting as a black hole of welfare , scrap and criminals . 
  did you meant soviet ? 
  they actually never went beyond third place ... and they are still there , kinda . 
  so nothing happened so far . 
  that sounds like something our former guy-on-charge would do ( zapatero ) . 
  throw money around on stupid things that go nowhere ; especially when it 's not only books as the title says , it includes all kind of culture things , down to cinema tickets . 
  i guess going to watch sausage party also counts as promoting culture . 
  well ... at least on spain when you look at where the numbers come , you get a 45 % of the genre violence coming from foreigners . 
  part of it it 's linked to poverty levels and lack of education . 
  part of it it 's than in such cultures violence against women is far more normal than on a `` european culture '' . 
  which , if you had to decide , leans more to feminism than machismo lately , most likely due to overshoot . 
  wait , what is the english word for machismo ? 
  half of the southern cities/states are spanish words , if you want to go deeper ... nevada , colorado , las vegas , los angeles , sacramento ... 
  so , basically , the three golds that we had to return came from a born german ( he had double nationality with spain ) , who decided for that year to participate with spain ( the three previous olympics he did with germany ) . 
  so ... thanks germany , thanks juanito . 
  our love for you was short . 
  that 's why gift in german means poison  . , 
  nobody is `` pissed '' because of that , he took the best method while doing the map and selected the regions where it 's declared as holiday as a filter . 
  it 's completely normal if he went down to regions ( hundreds of them in europe ) . 
  what annoyed me is a reply saying that in other places inside spain is also celebrated , and the actually most known one is c. valencia , got downvoted . 
  accurate , complementary and relevant information should not be downvoted due to who knows what deranged reason . 
  well , it is not played a lot , certainly not seriously ... 
  but it is known . 
  a played it a lot of times as a kid in summer afternoons , as it was very easy to improvise a place to play , unlike tennis . 
  yes , in theory they are `` strategic '' , because asians are not used to getting yelled at the face like that during a match .
