  when i had someone to play with . 
  * go to the shops alone ? 
  ride transit ? 
  go to a friends house/the shops without asking ? 
  be in a relationship ? 
  be in a physically intimate relationship ? 
  whenever i wanted to ? 
  * in school : leave campus for lunch ? 
  go to the bathroom without asking ? 
  whenever i wanted to ? 
  * general freedom of movement ? 
  i 'd say once you 're about 14ish , you could basically do whatever the fuck you want . 
  oh , i misunderstood the question then . 
  is erica jennings of lithuanian heritage ? 
  anyone who has been on reddit for more than a few days should know to sort comments by controversial in discussion topics , 
  went to delfi.lv just now . 
  i 'd say i understand about 80ish to 90ish % of what 's written . 
  not really a thing here . 
  jurgis did\u017eiulis is a famous and well liked singer that was born in columbia . 
  ca n't think of anyone else of the top of my head . 
  sure , why the fuck not ? 
  how about a hug ? 
  i feel a significant connection to latvians . 
  in the country wide stages , i quite honestly see them as relatives . 
  the `` brothers '' aspect is n't really just a joke coming from our side . 
  estonians are however `` a country we are on good terms with and can learn a lot from each other '' . 
  amicable , certainly respectable . 
  however they are not the same . 
  our position towards estonia is much more business-like and political . 
  they are an ally with whom we share recent history with , share markets and projects in certain senses . 
  * but they are n't really family * as for considering myself baltic . 
  i do . 
  i am a lithuanian , a balt , and a european . 
  that is how i view myself and in that order . 
  i do not know a single person who is n't at least functional in a foreign language . 
  if it is n't english , then it 's german , russian or french . 
  whatever their age . 
  uk , denmark, 
  urgent ( if i 'm sick or the like ) a few hours . 
  not urgent ( i need to make an appointment to an alergologist or something for consulation ) - around two weeks . 
  generally , it 's very specilization dependant . 
  continue what i 'm doing now . 
  just have a ten year buffer where i would n't have to think about money much . 
  or i suppose i 'd buy a house or something . 
  the lithuanian president is single, 
  / s is shorthand for sarcasm . 
  it was meant as a joke, 
  the summers could be a bit more cooler , but that is all . 
  honestly , understanding our stance is very simple . 
  are you russia ? 
  if no , we view you in a positive light . 
  the enemy of our enemy is our friend sort of thing . 
  russia is literally the boogeyman and the `` problem '', 
  everything ends with - as and just generally lot 's of s sounds . 
  that 's my impression , do n't actually know how foreigners perceive the language . 
  negative . 
  it 's viewed as an endlessly corrupt and nonfunctional beurocracy . 
  honestly ? 
  the gopnik culture and all the goddamn complaining . 
  the drinking culture is terrible as well . 
  i know lithuanian - i can kind of get the gist of latvian . 
  i also saw some texts in prussian , i could kind of get those too . 
  that said i am from northern lithuania and i spent a lot of my youth in samogitia , which i believe helped me do that as i am much more used to hearing non-standard lithuanian than someone who was brought up in say vilnius . 
  i know german/english and a very small amount of swedish - i can kind of get the gist of most germanic languages . 
  oh , this applies only to the written texts . 
  our populists are mostly left . 
  `` huh , so that happened . '', 
  if you want the utmost honest response , i probably would n't give a damn . 
  well bugger me , replied to the wrong person . 
  ignore me . 
  there is one simple , very basic problem . 
  1 ) the countries in question do n't want them . 
  2 ) the refugees in question do n't want to be there . 
  3 ) it is calais , greece , italy and sweden that wants them to be there . 
  unless you find a way to solve 1/2 , hell even just 2 , nothing will change . 
  we 're in the eu and in schengen . 
  how , pray , will you keep them here ? 
  they have no connection to the people or the land . 
  there are no syrian communities , no erithrean communities , there are no service or public workers that speak their languages and little to no help . 
  our communities are quite literally 99 % + white , there is absolutely nothing in place to assist them . 
  however , there 's a bus that 'll take you to germany for 30 euros no questions asked . 
  no borders , no nothing . 
  and to my knowledge that 's basically what happened to every syrian refugee we got . 
  i see some from time to time in vilnius . 
  very uncommon . 
  at the moment , i 'd say there are 5 porsches for each electric , and we are n't exactly porsche rich . 
  i see absolutely no reason to do so and it bringing no benefit . 
  the university itself does n't really take a political stance . 
  the various student bodies , however , differ . 
  the humanities are on the liberal side of things , while the business orientated fields prefer `` our '' conservatives . 
  that said , we really are n't that much into progressivism , even among the youth . 
  oh , when i say conservative , i do n't mean religious . 
  `` gardening boots '' , `` around the camp shoes '' , `` hospital shoes '' ca n't think of a different place i 'd wear them . 
  i apparently have a `` london '' accent according to the few brits i 've spoken with . 
  which i 've personally taken as `` i sound like an indecipherable hodge podge of cultures '' that pronounces bath like a posh twat . 
  i do n't know a single person who views the government as `` fine '', 
  the largest association with the `` small hat and small curly hair '' jews is `` you ca n't build stuff here , this ground was x , y or z '' my largest association with `` the common '' jew is basically nothing . 
  just people around . 
  could n't tell one from another unless specifically told . 
  history ?
