  a work of art ? 
  interesting . 
  something like a small pikachu ? 
  somewhat cute . 
  anything else , especially shit on your face or hands ? 
  hello there mr. `` cool guy '' gopnik . 
  how 's prison doing for you ? 
  in earnest , * it can be cute/attractive/interesting * , however there 's a much larger chance that it 'll look like shit . 
  western ? 
  the first thing that comes to my mind is germany . 
  i 'm a grad student of chemistry , if that counts . 
  car culture as a whole is n't that much of a thing in here . 
  honestly , i 'd say like half of the people in the large towns do n't drive daily at all . 
  i only really get the car out when i feel lazy or have to go somewhere far , which is like a few times in a month at most . 
  parking is a pain in the ass , driving through congestions is busy work that 's not even remotely fun . 
  it 's easier to just sit down in public transport and read a book or something . 
  yes and no . 
  while kids/students think and do do that it 's not really a part of the culture per see . 
  it 's just something some people do . 
  melenchon just seems like the french bernie to me from what i 've seen . 
  le pen seems like an utterly terrible choice . 
  marcon seems inoffensive . 
  that 's basically what i got about the election . 
  not sure how close to reality that actually is . 
  `` is it unfair to move into better ( open ) seats at a sporting event or a concert ? 
  * '' i do n't understand this questions . 
  `` if a charity sends me a free gift and i do n't make a contribution to their course , is it ok to use accept the gift ? 
  * '' what else are you supposed to do ? 
  go to the post and mail it back ? 
  800ish + after tax . 
  is `` good '' i suppose something like 600 is normal . 
  minimum wage is 300something , i never remember the exact amount . 
  nba yes , no for everything else . 
  the sports we care about : basketball , then football somewhat , then it 's `` other '', 
  i 'd lie if i said that i find every group equally attractive . 
  there are certain traits which i simply do not perceive as visually appealing and in some groups it 's more common than in others . 
  that said , it 's a generalization . 
  what concerns individuals all bets are off and it 's a case by case evaluation . 
  lithuanian here , while i do consider our countries having some connection , i 'd lie if i said that i 'd consider it to be anywhere as deep as our connection to say latvians . 
  in restaurants , yes , pubs no . 
  no percentage , think `` loose change '' it 's not a faux pas to not tip either . 
  that said , i dread the day we adopt your tipping culture . 
  i consider it problematic at best . 
  depression, 
  i was born in 1990 , from an economical point of view my life has been just better and better . 
  with each subsequent year i have more money , the people around me have more money , more freedom to do with it what they want . 
  we still have a lot of `` communist relics '' that are a nuisance , dealing with government clerks is the first thing that comes to my mind and god do i dread it . 
  it 's only the gezai and older people who stick entirely with the regional language . 
  most everyone i speak with uses standard lithuanian . 
  i believe standard lithuanian was based of marijampoles dialect , as it was the most neutral ? 
  honestly , i do n't know ? 
  the only twenty somethings i know that watch actual tv do it for sports , everyone else just downloads what they want . 
  gruodis is from gruodas , or basically `` frozen earth '', 
  regular people - expected . 
  when you live in a country where the minimum wage is 2 euros and some cents an hour ... 60 euros for a game quickly becomes a rather harder pill to swallow . 
  if you ask for water you will always be asked `` gazuoto ar ne '' `` sparkling or not '' . 
  i 'd say it 's something like 60 % sparkling to 40 % not . 
  while one is more popular than the other , it 's not really by enough to be the default . 
  latvia , afterwards estonia and a bit of poland . 
  we tend refer to latvians as `` braliukais '' basically , `` brothers '' . 
  estonia in the sense that they 're doing better than us and and we kind of look at it as an example . 
  poland in the i do n't know what sense . 
  make your reason clear . 
  i assume you just want to chat ? 
  `` hello , i 'd like to talk , are you free ? '', 
  that woul work with me . 
  oh right , it 's 335 after taxes . 
  after tax it 's something along the lines of 380 eur/mo if you 're still living with your parents , it 's good `` as disposable income '' if you are n't . 
  well then , fuck . 
  democrat . 
  i vote conservative here thought . 
  i never said that it was n't fair , or for that matter that it has to be . 
  or at least i did n't intend to . 
  what i said is that being stuck in a union where the mass of people vote differently than your constituency might not be in your best interests . 
  also , `` mob rule '' is n't exactly the defining characteristic of a modern democracy . 
  i really ca n't agree with that statement , unions exist to benefit both parties . 
  ideally , through a shared vision of the future . 
  but it still a give and take relationship . 
  scotlands relationship with westminster is functionally just give-give . 
  currently , what scotland wishes for ( i.e. 
  votes ) is nowhere near in sync to what the rest of the uk does . 
  even beyond brexit , scotland is significantly more left leaning . 
  given that , why should n't scotland just go and give westminster , `` you know i love you , but we have to break up , it 's not your fault . 
  we 're just not compatible . '', 
  being `` ruled over '' is not democracy . 
  coming upon an agreement that works for most people through compromise is . 
  no i 've got little stakes in this and this is conjecture from a third party . 
  still , that does n't change the fact that you are n't exactly giving them a reason to give a fuck . 
  the same argument you 're providing can be said right back to you . 
  `` scotland should care that 52 % of the uk voted to leave '' can be told right back to you that `` the uk should care that 62 % of scotland voted to remain '' . 
  that 's not a good enough argument . 
  unless i read wrong , they stated rather clearly back then that the uk leaving the eu would give them casus belli to redo the referendum instead of it being a `` once in a generation '' thing . 
  hmm , i agree . 
  however , that does n't mean that scotlands first interest should be anything else than scotland . 
  and `` what about x '' is n't a good argument . 
  why the fuck should scotland care that `` the uk as a whole '' voted 52 % to leave ? 
  the english and welsh did , the scots did not . 
  and that is a problem to scottish interests . 
  whether it is proportionally represented , whether it is fair , whether anything at all - the decision goes against what the scottish constituency wants , and that is the only thing that should matter to the people elected by the scots . 
  huh , your nick is functionally an answer to a/s/l .
