  the more western we become , the more will we take on their opinions on the matters . 
  though , honestly . 
  i 'm not too sure if that 's that good of a solution either . 
  from what i see on the internet , the `` west '' is kind of in a `` who can one up each other with self-diagnosed mental issue olympics '' . 
  in a lot of cases i see mental illness being celebrated , i do n't particularly want to see us emulate that . 
  the local attitude ? 
  `` a..d..h..-what now ? 
  is that the stupid disease most americans suffer from ? '', 
  that 's basically the local attitude . 
  mental health on the whole is looked as something that 's your business and your business alone . 
  `` toughen up and deal with it '', 
  american cars are `` exotic '' , in that you 'll only see a few in a given day . 
  that said , they are n't really perceived with any sense of luxury . 
  a mustang or a pickup is cool , but not in any way shape or form sensible and only really appeals to a certain type of ameriboo . 
  european vs. asian , does n't matter . 
  people just buy whatever they prefer . 
  you 'll see many bmws , fiats , audis , vws alongside hondas , nissans and toyotas . 
  as for maintenance , german cars are n't seen as being particularly maintenance hungry . 
  used to be popular until the whole salmonella craze . 
  ate it a lot as a child . 
  loves finds a way . 
  that said , she would be looked at as lacking in the educational department . 
  for the young around here , at least a cursory knowledge of english is expected . 
  really ? 
  i view them as little else than homegrown terrorists . 
  i have no good words to give them . 
  bra\u0161k\u0117s , the names are n't related one to another . 
  it 's also not a compound word , so i ca n't really translate it bit by bit . 
  common . 
  love them . 
  we call them earth berries ( \u017eemuog\u0117s ) . 
  a common sight in most forests , and in some yards . 
  nice token , not really important . 
  depends . 
  general `` cogs of the society '' , utter and complete indifference . 
  because that 's literally the absolute vast majority of the population . 
  kgb agents are , however different . 
  ex-kgb does come with a certain level spite . 
  edit , there 's lso the people who were very pro-soviet . 
  we do n't really like them . 
  basically , if you went beyond the call and duty of a soviet citizen , you got a bit of flak . 
  if you did n't , no one cares , because that 's the default . 
  fuck no . 
  that said , i generally do n't mind the way the germans steer the ship . 
  so i 'm kinda fine . 
  not used during the day . 
  curtains open once i do , close once i need to turn on the lights on indoors, 
  my monthly expenses are around 500-600ish euros ( they 'd increase given a larger budget ) . 
  i suppose i 'd save around 2k, 
  nazis and soviets , fuck both of our em . 
  beyond that , dunno . 
  laidos of the duchy ? 
  common as well , mostly viewed as a 40 and up item that goes along well with a beer belly, 
  `` never meet your stars '' you have to realize that for the people behind the curtain , america was functionally a symbol . 
  the curtain is long gone , cultures interact and the rose tinted glasses have a penchant for being replaced with a sense of betrayal . 
  likewise , the prisoner culture here is well , * russian * . 
  i imagine something akin to be true for the majority of the former bloc . 
  asking said question on the russian net would much more likelly give you answers . 
  honestly , that also depends on the type of people you mingle with . 
  that is n't something i experience . 
  personally , i do n't care . 
  i have other things to worry about whether someone belongs to lgbt or whatever . 
  nationally , no . 
  seeing what i see around me , i 'd expect a trans person to be treated as a freakshow by the general public . 
  so yes , it would be controversial to say the least . 
  tracksuits and vodka ? 
  do n't get me wrong , they are present . 
  but not * that * present . 
  oh god . 
  he is . 
  i never thought about that . 
  trump is a living american stereotype . 
  that explains so much . 
  i personally also like poland ... but there 's a bit of too much bad blood to be considered as the closest ally . 
  we just drive up to a lake . 
  it only takes like 30 minutes . 
  it 's also just much nicer to swim in the forest than in some suburb . 
  `` be smurto ( without violence ) '' arba `` i\u0161pind\u0117j\u0119s ( spoiled ) '' depending on who you ask, 
  estonia and latvia ( autria ) . 
  i might be a bit biased , but i do honestly like them . 
  also , the swiss and the uk, 
  honestly , everything you 've asked were none issues to me growing up . 
  the questions really seem strange to me . 
  that said , the kids being brought up now are being done so under stricter conditions . 
  i was a child in what was effectively our `` wild west '' , honestly i ca n't say there was that much control . 
  i pretty much did what i wanted . 
  you also have to account for distances and common modes of transportation . 
  a 8 year old from the suburbs of america , ca n't really get to downtown . 
  i could go to the town center in about 15 minutes by foot . 
  * when is a child old enough to pick out their own clothes ? 
  as soon as he/she has an opinion or shows an interest ? 
  i do n't remember when i could pick stuff out myself . 
  there was just an amount of clothes i needed to have . 
  if i did n't get them , they were goten for me and those never fit . 
  so buying them myself was the prefered idea . 
  * fix their own food ? 
  i probably would n't be allowed near boiling oil , but making a sandwich or an omelette was a no deal . 
  * play outside alone ? 
  visit a friend 's house alone ? 
  ca n't remember .
