generational change . 
  honestly , a lot of our elderly could n't manage to change to a capitalistic society . 
  that said due to human lifespans , the acceptance of the ussr is falling like a brick . 
  i have never met someone who was roughly my age ( 20-30 ) who fought highly of communism or the ussr and was n't a fucking looney ( anarchist/skinhead/gopnik ), 
  yep , that 's basically how i see it . 
  i am not a native english speaker , but there 's no significant difference in my mind between the statements `` an atheist with a christian background '' and `` a christian atheist '' . 
  to my mind both statements are functionally synonyms . 
  various baltic languages were used in the location that currently encompasses modern lithuania . 
  curronian , samogitian ... etc. 
  modern day lithuanian is based on one of those . 
  old church slavonic was used as the written language for internal matters and latin was used for foreign correspondence . 
  in later times , after the mass expansion to the east ruthenian was adopted as the language of government . 
  however , to my knowledge it was n't the `` common '' language of the areas that encompass current day lithuania . 
  i suppose i can try . 
  going back to the commonwealth . 
  the problem is that our position was nowhere near equal . 
  polish was the dominant culture , the prestige language . 
  to maintain our own identify some nationalism had to be present . 
  otherwise , lithuanian would n't be my native language now and the position would be very much like wales ' is in the uk . 
  we were very much the lesser part of the alliance . 
  modern tensions come from the events of 1920s . 
  go read about zeligowskis mutiny , this created a clear cut `` us vs. 
  them and they are problem '' mentality that led to a complete breakdown of all communications between the nations until the soviets occupied us . 
  currently , there are some minor tensions about vilnius , the passports and the like . 
  but i doubt anyone looks at those seriously . 
  that said , the events in the early 20th century was the catalist for the current relationship . 
  now then , personally . 
  my view on poland is neutral and i do kind of wish we had a better relationship . 
  we dislike russians because they idolize the cccp , you kinda got over your nazi fetish , so we kind of let it go . 
  not to say that it 's impossible to find some granny or grandpa that 's not particularly favorable towards germany, 
  i do not believe in a god , but i was born into a society that values traditionally christian values . 
  those same values are mine as well , irrespective of my belief in god . 
  thus i am an atheist of a christian background . 
  that seems to be perfectly sensible to me . 
  to me asian is anything from the entire continent . 
  israel is asian to me . 
  a rotten shack is n't a vegetable . 
  i meant dilapidated buildings by the phrase . 
  private property is king here . 
  if you 're the owner , you 're free to treat it however you like ( unless it 's a heritage site or something ) . 
  if leaving it to the passage of time is what you want to do , then you 're free to do it . 
  the graffity is specific to the counter culture of vilnius of the early 2000s . 
  you will not see anywhere near as much graffity in other regions . 
  as a new resident of vilnius , i personally dislike it as well . 
  you get used to the poverty that 's around you . 
  new poverty is shocking , that old rotting shack down the street is just that old rotting shack . 
  the only alternative i approve of is the vytis . 
  here in lithuania our eggs are n't washed , but we still store them in the fridge . 
  the problem is , it 's shit . 
  it 's based on this , http://imgur.com/f8hmjzi yeah , nazis have kinda ruined a lot of our imaginery . 
  `` here 's an extra fiver , maybe you can actually buy a decent plate with that you peasant '', 
  experience says that a 20 $ ticket to germany disagrees . 
  well , we already have the data . 
  the refugees have no interest in being in eastern europe . 
  so latvia can finally into potato ? 
  to be fair , you really ca n't . 
  you have a lot of military jobs in the states . 
  a lot of states would be very very unhappy in reduced military spending . 
  i really do n't see you just making such a snap decision . 
  especially not a republican run congress . 
  because people voted . 
  at the same time , i 'm starting to plan my summer holidays in lapland . 
  i know that it 's similar . 
  i speak a few indo european languages . 
  du , deux , two , zwei are all similar and related at first glance . 
  that 's not what 's surprised me . 
  what i 'm surprised in is * how * similar the examples are . 
  most of the sanskrit numbers are actually pronounced with ** the exact ** same root , not just similar . 
  2 du , 3 trys , 4 keturi , 5 penki , 6 sheshi , 7 septyni , 8 ashtuoni , 10 deshimt all but 1 and 9 basically sound like a dialect , well fuck me sideways . 
  it is reasonable . 
  however , at the same time , the former alliance partners might be a bit miffed about it . 
  it 's nothing serious , and it will pass with time . 
  can confirm , saw some of our `` debates '', 
  there are winners and losers in all transitions as grand as these . 
  a lot of people got fucked by the system , a lot of pensioneers are included in that . 
  but at the same time , a lot of people did win out as well . 
  in my own case , and the people that surround me did so . 
  to people like us , the current lithuania is leagues and bounds better than anything the ussr could 've offered us . 
  all that said , i 'm deeply middle class and not from the province . 
  i moved out straight out of high school , i 'm 26 , still registered at my parents ... because why bother ? 
  i do n't give a damn . 
  would n't just owning a place to live in stockholm basically equate you to a millionaire ? 
  we did , you know why ? 
  we greeted them as liberators from the ussr . 
  granted , we soon got our minds changed . 
  but we sure as fuck welcomed the nazis when they came . 
  these make me think of depictions of higher angels , the seraphs especially . 
  that might be the origin ? 
  mostly because the soviet generation is * really * racist . 
  the millennials are just * kind of * racist . 
  so i 'd say it 's falling actually . 
  that 's not to say that we are n't racist , just getting a bit less so . 
  history repeats itself . 
  it was , i just forgot and that one was the first one to pop up on youtube =p, 
  i would n't mind having slightly colder summers . 
  estonia make way , we 're a coming :p also , a bit more protection from global warming . 
  i remember that from when i was a kid : o https://youtu.be/j7drvhzwpcs this is the first thing that came to my mind when i read the topic question . 
  suppose it helps that the title is `` summer jam '' or is the topic starter asking for songs specifically in our language ? 
  hard to say . 
  give it time ?
