  and i really like that . 
  in general , political correctness is very much avoided here . 
  oreantal can mean either turkey or functionally eastern china + japan here . 
  whenever it 's used , it is done so to evoke what 's functionally 19th century images . 
  the near east and east asia/far east is used in a modern context . 
  hmm , there are shady areas here we call the equivalent of no go zones . 
  functionally `` if you go there , you 're going there to either commit a crime or give someone else a reason to commit one '' the prime example of that being an illegal gypsy settlement near vilnius . 
  the funny chart fits for lithuanian , just switch vous with j\u016bs, 
  when was the last time you saw a lithuanian option in games ? 
  yeah , me too . 
  ca n't really compare when the example space is 0, 
  the only reason to have your shoes on at someones house is if he/she is in the middle of renovating it and it is full off chalk dust or whatever . 
  if that 's not the case , it 's functionally an insult to enter the living areas with your shoes on . 
  likewise , do n't call us russians , and you 'll more or less be ok . 
  thousands of hours worth of media consumption . 
  functionally there 's two and a half . 
  we have the people who lived during the soviet times . 
  we have the children of a free lithuania . 
  and the transition between the two . 
  technically there 's the `` interwar '' , but there is n't enough of them left to really be considered . 
  bugger , the only ones i knew were cross spiders and daddy long legs . 
  oh there 's a bunch . 
  nespjauk \u012f \u0161ulin\u012f ( po to gali tekti i\u0161 jo gerti ) - do n't spit in the well ( you may end up having to drink out of it later ) aka do n't talk shit , it may come back to bite you . 
  \u0160auk\u0161tai po piet\u0173 - spoons after dinner aka too late/you missed your chance kaip pilypas i\u0161 kanapi\u0173 - like phillip from a field of cannabis aka something showed up out of nowhere , something unexpected kuo toliau , tuo gra\u017eiau - the further you go , the more beautiful aka shit is going downhill . 
  lenk med\u012f kol jaunas - bend a tree while it 's still young aka if you 're doing , do it now . 
  nespausk va\u0161ko i\u0161 \u0161\u016bdo - do n't press wax out of shit aka you 're doing nonsense , it wo n't give you any results . 
  nedaryk dramblio i\u0161 mus\u0117s - do n't make an elephant out of a fly aka you 're blowing things out of proportion . 
  tuoj gausi ber\u017ein\u0117s sriubos - you 'll get some birch soup aka a knuckle sandwich i quite like our sayings :d , they 're nonsense . 
  but i like em . 
  dark souls , dark souls have made up most of my playtime this year . 
  russia is basically viewed as a boogeyman with an ichy trigger finger . 
  2 . something lithuanian , english and usually a bit of either russian/german and or polish . 
  that , however is n't a comment as to how well they speak it . 
  basically , you can expect anyone over 40 to speak russian at an intermediate or at a near fluent level . 
  and you can expect anyone under 40 to speak english at an intermediate to fluent level . 
  and some of either group speak the other as well . 
  in favour . 
  this in practice reduces the overhead associated with social security while still effectively doing the same thing . 
  i believe it to be more efficient than the current system . 
  i have no concept of antipathy against germans or expect them to go viertes reich on us when your neighbour is russia , they tend to take a lot of the attention to give . 
  after tax : 900 + / mo is considered good . 
  600 + is considered `` liveable '' 380 is minimum wage . 
  gross average is 793/mo . 
  far too fucking low . 
  my country is 99.99 % white , separation based on colour looses any meaning it might have had under situations such as these . 
  all , and i mean all of the moomin shit i have was bought in korea or japan . 
  which is rather interesting , considering i could just drive to finland . 
  there are ways around it even with the change . 
  there 's very little stoping me from say going to russia , stocking up some shit and selling it in the eu . 
  eu is n't an isolated island . 
  the sub 22 euros is fine . 
  what needs to be changed is that the products needs to be checked more thoroughly , whether they 're resold and the like . 
  a new tv sent straight from a manufacturer probably is n't a `` gift '' and the like . 
  agreed . 
  i have have very little love for ads . 
  the less there are , the less intrusive they are , the less eyecatching - the better . 
  the position is honestly similar here . 
  both were shitheads , but we believe the soviets to be far worse and much more destructive towards us . 
  nazis were initially accepted here as heroes as well . 
  because they were against the soviets . 
  * granted * , that position changed rather quickly . 
  but as far as we are concerned , it 's a question of choosing which monster is worse . 
  we fucking hate both of them , one of them just had a slightly weaker grip on the noose . 
  lithuanian , bread is eaten by hand unless you made it realllly unmanageable by cooking it in some way . 
  ( wet/drippy/formless / sticky ), 
  the stuff that roughly translates to `` damn it/shit/bastard '' is low key enough to where it does n't raise many eyebrows . 
  it is used for emphasis , so moderation is key . 
  if i peppered damn into everything , i 'd nevertheless get a quick talking to . 
  however , that is still for personal conversations only and not amongst guests . 
  while we do rarely use harsher insults amongst family and guests , it is done so by first apologising for the language before hand . 
  generally , a swear here or there does n't raise many eyebrows . 
  however , constant swearing is associated with the lowest class ( gopniks ) . 
  certainly , you will no longer be able to make money from driving . 
  but that is in a way a good thing . 
  if there 's no driver to pay , the cost of transporting something goes down the drain real fucking fast . 
  that in effect delocalizes everything , because getting stuff from a to b is no longer a significant cost . 
  likewise , it 's really really rare for me to be on the road for more than say an hour and half at a time . 
  basically , yes . 
  a complete nutcase-psychopath that got too much power . 
  for lithuania it is landsbergis . 
  i pretty much use isis exclusively for them because of that . 
  i enjoy calling fundamentalist muslims by the name of an egyptian goddess . 
  yes . 
  but in areas it is n't exactly usual . 
  my countries population is basically 99,99 % caucasian . 
  if you 're black , especially if you 're not in the centres , you 're going to stick out like a sore thumb . 
  i like roman names . 
  but i would use the lithuanian spelling , like augustinas some germanic ones are nice as well . 
  kinda , english is n't the native tongue for most people here . 
  while not equivalent , think what sort of community you 'd get in the us if the lingua franca in it was say french ? 
  that drunk ass farmer from the middle of but fuck nowhere probably wo n't be able to share his opinions . 
  this fact alone gives you a very self selected sample . 
  harsher penalties for breaking traffic laws . 
  then your politicians are shit . 
  lithuanian ones are n't great by any means , but like every goddamn project in existence here is financed by the eu, 
  size of the vocabulary . 
  to be fluent in english , you have to learn many more words than in any other language i studied . 
  as long as it serves a beneficial function , i do n't care . 
  religion offers hope , unity . 
  that is something that quite a few do n't have , yet need .
