holy crap that must have been dolorously depressing . 
  that might be something to do with the fact it is nearly half the empty weight of the b-52 which you of course fail to mention . 
  well if it 's carrying weaponry that will be violating international treaty . 
  enjoy the escalation . 
  i 'm trusting the us are n't * that * idiotic . 
  i 'm talking about airbreathing stuff . 
  that 's a platform for reconnaissance . 
  it 's as capable as the us b52 and will as it has serve from the 1950 's until the 2040 's . 
  they know since the late 1950 's thats they will be made after being beaten ... 
  they will be made to take their boots off and be made to shit into them . 
  then we make them eat their own shit out of their boots and rub their fucking ugly faces in it to make them learn a lesson for time to come . 
  enough accommodation of the obnoxious russian attitude - time for some severe punishment and calling their bluff . 
  that incident was pretty much the fact that local radar was down and were trying to cover their arses . 
  b2 's can deliver it since 94 without detection . 
  the russian way is most likely carrying live munitions just to make a point . 
  they are utter cunts and play a sneaky zero sum game . 
  how many of that is conscripted ? 
  i 'm not remotely worried , but then i 'm going to bet my sbs and sas against their ridiculous spatznez any day . 
  aye , in the uk benefit fraud is about 1 billion while corporate subsidy and tax dodging amounts to about 20 \u00d7 more . 
  i 'm saying it 's a fallacy of demanding someone acts european because it 's made up of some very dissimilar cultures and countries . 
  so how does one act european - a greek would have a very different interpretation of that compared to say an english person ? 
  you 're really amusing the jew sat right next to me . 
  she is positively guffawing . 
  now that 's a good headscratcher . 
  i thought most jews were white - or are we just talking about self-hating jews ? 
  funny , i went there this year an i a blue eyed irishman got mistaken for a local in istanbul no less than several times . 
  hmm . 
  that 's a very broad range of nation values and notions . 
  i 'd pay to be see somebody exhibiting a melange of all of them !, 
  that 's just providing them with their ultimate goal - martyrdom . 
  scandinavian countries are a popular answer . 
  i fear there is going to come a point where catching that demagogue on the hip any which way is going to start looking like a very attractive option . 
  so long as people do n't have to wear , say , some sort of badge to mark themselves out as foreign drivers , then i 'm fine with this . 
  * runs *, 
  next up : apples in brazil vs pears in france !, 
  i did n't . 
  it happened under the clinton administration too . 
  aye , and that video was but a fragment of the whole incident . 
  i really can not draw any conclusions from it - i mean for example their friends could have fled when they realised they were outnumbered . 
  some of the stuff they were throwing was directed away from those three after all . 
  i 'm going to wait for the police report on this . 
  as for the statement about if it was one of the concert attendees who got stabbed - i 'll leave you to wallow in your right-wing cynicism . 
  we 're talking about the tottenham music festival incident , and on the britain first fb page , one of their admins stated `` poles only defended themselves from red filth '' , correct ? 
  i 'm interested , but where are you getting this information from ? 
  britain first was actually founded by paul golding an ex-bnp member who was kicked out of that party for alleged sexual assault . 
  in recent years a similar group called the edl ( english defence league ) came to promenence but collapsed last year . 
  britain first then filled the vacuum . 
  as for worrying proportions , they seem to be much less a joke than the edl was or at least they tend to discredit themselves less . 
  support-wise they boast over 400,000 ` likes ' on the facebook page , although at least half of those were thought to have been bought , and practice a stringent censorship policy on it against all and any kind of dissent . 
  they use emotional causes such as war veteran appeals and appeals against animal cruelty , but none of the money goes to said causes - they all go into britain first ' coffers . 
  obviously more the more even minded amongst us are campaigning against them on social media and elsewhere but they really do not have anything near widespread grassroots support . 
  aye it has happened before . 
  tit for tat nonsense and so on . 
  it 's hypothetical though - i 'd imagine neither group ( far left or right ) would act soley just because they have been provoked . 
  either is capable of unprovoked acts , and of escalation . 
  i will be keeping an close eye on this case to see what else comes of it . 
  most of the far right in the uk are uk citizens . 
  i would n't say that polish people are more given to far right sympathies than the english are . 
  at the moment the biggest far right group ( and by far the biggest threat in many years ) is the nascent britain first . 
  they have promoted themselves on a platform of anti-islam but are utterly racist as well and are using a slick marketing campaign on social media to gain support from people who unwittingly do not realise they are a far right group . 
  i 'm well aware there are some violent factions within the left . 
  lets just not assume there were though without evidence ? 
  a neo-nazi group walked into a community festival , which likely had a lot of jews there , for the purposes of ... name calling ? 
  pardon the continuing sarcasm but them being there is provocation in those circumstances . 
  people are n't going to feel safe , the jews there and others are likely to feel very threatened . 
  a scenario where 10 to 20 neo-nazi skinheads enter a festival and calmly and politely listen to music while being harangued and threatened by families with children is just * not * a likely scenario to me ... 
  i 'm surprised it did n't happen sooner . 
  the far right are definitely alive and fairly well in the uk . 
  i was only following orders . 
  what is this ` something ' which makes you think it was provoked ? 
  they stormed into the place and stabbed someone . 
  also this was all witnessed by a police officer . 
  also , it was n't a political festival , so likely there was n't many ultra-violent far leftists in attendance persecuting any pacifist neo-nazi 's . 
  tottenham though * does * have a high jewish population so likely there were a lot there . 
  well academies were schools owned by the taxpayer and then given free by the conservatives to their chums , so they then can topslice huge salaries from the school budget for themselves , salaries which funnily enough were much lower when the schools were publically owned . 
  just keeping in the german spirit of things . 
  aye , but will add i did learn german while i was there . 
  not so sure . 
  on a german university campus i would be quite confident of being understood if i spoke english . 
  i found that german d\u00f6ner meat is far superior to what is typically served up to you in england , making it an option for other than when holed by 8 pints below the waterline . 
  hmmm , quite a lot of rappers get shot , therfore mr farage should be strongly encouraged to rap more . 
  i need to move to sweden then !, 
  you 're missing the point !, 
  in the uk we used to have an elderly presenter called terry wogan who would present it ... while getting steadly more tipsey on red wine and more sarcastic and abusive towards the contestants . 
  we watch it for the tragic awful campiness of it , we do n't hold it up to be anything particularly good or anything . 
  well why do n't you get lost with me where i corrected you ? 
  perhaps it makes us both fools . 
  i can call it shit engineering because it damn well was , son . 
  the reasons for that reactor going pop was put down to engineering shortcomings . 
  check it out yourself , the reactor had a tendency to go runaway hot during shutdown procedure , due to its shit engineering . 
  the magnox ? 
  reactor was known for this . 
  i quote : `` according to the nea , identified uranium resources total 5.5 million metric tons , and an additional 10.5 million metric tons remain undiscovered -- a roughly 230-year supply at today 's consumption rate in total . 
  further exploration and improvements in extraction technology are likely to at least double this estimate over time . '', 
  as i said hundreds of years left , son . 
  as for your point on their being no prototypes , you contradict yourself and admit there is . 
  thanks for conceding that point . 
  i do n't drink , but thanks . 
  oh hi darling !, 
  i 'm not british , so try making some attacks on irish engineering because we have already made all the jokes about it .
