  as for japanese engineering being shitty ? 
  nope , fukashima dachii happened because of inadequate safety backups concerning uranium , it is finite , but there is actually hundreds of years of it left . 
  concerning things like breeder reactor designs and moltern salt thorium reactors there are working prototypes - actually the only problem to solve is the fact they ca n't stop the salt from corroding the circuit . 
  the town drunk here does and he sure does n't know what he 's talking about either !, 
  yep , but pumping fluid into the ground to crack rocks and release gas is a hard to predict process . 
  a new generation nuclear reactor on the other hand is . 
  people 's drinking water has already been poisoned - they can set light to it and there has already been a minor earthquake caused by it . 
  also i 'll make the point that fracking is a very very new technology , and like when nuclear was a very new technology , much more potentially unpredictable and likely to go wrong . 
  frankly , fracking is being lobbied to hell by those whose pockets will be lined by it way before adequate studies into how it can affect things . 
  there really is concerning lack of concern by those pushing it , into how it can affect the enviroment . 
  i 'm sure it can be done safely , but i highly doubt they will ignore sites where it can be a possibility - they have n't already . 
  forgive me for not trusting in the motives of those doing the fracking . 
  there is the danger , no high probablity of poisoning our aquifers if we heavily invest in that . 
  it 's already happened in the us - virginia if memory serves . 
  oh , and minor earthquakes . 
  if we can get past the generations of brainwashing , due to shitty russian nuclear engineering , the latest generations of nuclear reactors are safe and would ensure falling energy prices and our power security . 
  in many eastern european parliments they actually play super smash bros for real . 
  sorry for what ? 
  nah , i did n't mean it to come across like that . 
  f-35 project has been plagued with problems , overbudget and all . 
  interestingly though we actually sold said harriers to your usmc for a knock-down price . 
  i think they 're using them for spares and rebuilds so they keep the harrier going until the 2030 's . 
  we retired our harriers and we are currently waiting for the f-35b from you guys which at the latest projections will not be ready for years ... 
  honestly , the mind boggles ... read what i said again . 
  i really do not need you to tell me it was one of the most violent modern conflicts . 
  as for me claiming iran is a peaceful country - where did i do that now ? 
  i said they had n't * started * a war in 300 years . 
  that 's correct , and your mileage may vary in the lead-up , but iraq did invade them , indeed . 
  you are n't teaching me anything new , goodnight zarathustra . 
  it might be common where you are from , but the first gulf war here and in the us is the '90 conflict . 
  i 'll take your word for it , for what that is worth . 
  i ai n't coming down on either side , this was about who started it , you were wrong , insisted you were right , but you have not the humility to even mention it , less apologise , and you brand me a fool , while hilariously making an utter one of yourself - you 're an obvious ego-maniac . 
  i 've read up lots on the subject and also have the advantage of being able to speak to a participant of it , at that , i 'd say quit the patronage , but it just adds to your buffoonery . 
  continue if my country was invaded , i would n't play fair either , or by the rules . 
  nobody tends to in such cases you 'll find . 
  they just banned tea and they scarpered off . 
  would 've worked on irish diplomats too . 
  not my country , i just live in the uk , so i did n't make any mention of them . 
  it would have been impossible without cia/us help anyway , and would have just remained an idea ... so yes i do call out the fixer , not the idea man . 
  we are n't talking about what you call the first gulf war , we are talking about the iran-iraq war . 
  when the hell did i mention the first gulf war ?!, 
  you made the assertion that iran started it , while calling me a fool because i said ( correctly ) they had not . 
  now you call me a fool again , and no i did n't just look it up , i know this from my so who is iraqi . 
  you 're the one who is claiming in one war which you 're incorrectly calling the first gulf war , that iran attacked first and you call me a fool ?!, 
  just take the bruise to your ego you ridiculous pompinjay . 
  the iran -- iraq war began when iraq invaded iran via air and land on 22 september 1980 . 
  i did n't need to use google as you recommend for that information , but telling you why i know that would make you look more of a fool than you are already , so i shall refrain . 
  you may want to learn the difference between two countries before you reply . 
  iran/iraq . 
  well , iran has n't started a war with anybody for 300 years , and it would n't be the way it was now if it was n't for the usa 's fucking meddling in its affairs in the past . 
  you 're just cherry picking facts to make israel look good , while making no direct mention of what you call ` flaws ' . 
  we never were ` in the game ' concerning ukraine . 
  the ` deal ' we were offering was crap , and it would n't have been worth their while to take it . 
  as first generation born in england please let me impress on you the sheer lack of a shit i give about what seems like a boring version of baseball , a sport itself which is dull . 
  ps : i 'll pay immensely good money for a quokka or two . 
  dear fellow englanders , a slow fucking handclap is in order ... 
  68 , out of over 1500 mosques here are salafi/wahabi . 
  quit chatting shit . 
  * twirls inferior commie moustache *, 
  * slams fist down on the big red button * let the world burn !!, 
  it 's bait . 
  you probably ` bate a lot . 
  i 'm contracting that word by the way . 
  it starts with m. mhmm !, 
  they 'd be the first to use tactical nuclear weapons going by their established doctrine . 
  it would escalate from there pretty much . 
  strategic nukes then . 
  as for losing , nope , more likely be stalemate or maybe even a ` fucking hell ' moment of reality once that first tactical nuke goes off . 
  russia throws a ` rogue ' general under the bus for allowing it and both climb down . 
  frankly fuck knows, 
  oh just let the teen country take credit for everything . 
  it shuts them up sooner at least . 
  yeah , those worker rights you enjoy were gifted to you by corporations . 
  nope , it was by socialist trade unions fighting tooth and fucking nail for it and at times dying in the process . 
  meet you in bunker 54 then chum . 
  agreed , but the ill equipped label is a hell of a lot less fitting than it was in the early 2000 's . 
  their pants are pretty much pulled up and belted now . 
  the west likes kermit the frog way more than his puppeteer steve whitmire too ... 
  yeah but greece has long had a closeish relationship to russia . 
  i do n't get why people get surprised when it 's mentioned . 
  and i used there instead of they 're !, 
  horror of horrors !, 
  as for the dehumanising aspect , it 's really quite extreme and widespread . 
  i theorise though it 's due to the russian attitude towards criminal responsibility during intoxication . 
  what would be regarded as mitigating circumstances in the west , are seen as even more reason to punish there . 
  it 's really not so much as the common man there not seeing human life as valuable , when you take into account they do n't see those people as fellow humans for a start . 
  * when absolutely nothing effective is done to stop them taking heroin . 
  oh my days , bless their iddle black hearts !, 
  yanks talking out their arses makes me laugh . 
  we do n't have the endemic prison gang culture , solitary confinement as the rule rather than punishment , and a lot of programs to get former prisoners into jobs . 
  we also imprison waaay less of our citizens than you . 
  care to stand up - i could barely hear you ? 
  no , i do not live in us society . 
  bloody hell read what i said there , i 'm making exactly the same point as you . 
  you live in the society which that person is going to be released in , and maybe deal with the probable results . 
  i do n't have a problem with that . 
  she really would n't have had to look far in the uk to encounter our own craft cheese industry . 
  far more to traditional english cheese than chedder in the first place and it 's diversified as hell in the past few years . 
  is it ? 
  justice as vengeance is rife there while here the onus is more on rehabilitation .
