does anyone know if/how this is being reported in russian media ? 
  205 went missing . 
  ^ ( that 's a joke . ), 
   \u00c5land went to sweden they already speak swedish and everything . 
   except the david hasselhoff one perhaps . 
  the what ? 
  in sweden a lot of emphasis is put on who was king when , how many wars were faught against the danes and the fact that for a ( short ) period sweden was actually a great power in the world . 
  when i went to school , the swedish governments crimes against the sami people/lapps was covered in about two minutes and never spoken of again . 
  sweden checking in . 
  sounds legit . 
  went to shanghai ( 23 million inhabitants ) . 
  our guide laughed at us because sweden only has 9 million as a whole . 
  the real reason there was a shift in office is because many of the right wing voters went over the the nationalists . 
  sorry , i do n't understand what you mean by that . 
  considering that the us leaned heavily on sweden to drop it 's nuclear weapon 's 50 years ago , it would be kinda pissy if at least the us did nothing , even if they 've said they will do nothing . 
  no , sorry , it 's still o_o, 
   beautiful i say urgh at those headlights . 
  \u2260 is not in the ascii table and can not be written with alt + numbers in that manner . 
  2260 is unicode . 
  yeah . 
  ca n't go outside without seeing a hooker on every street corner . 
  damn world . 
  if you really mean a news * source * then yes , sweden does have one of those in the form of tt nyhetsbyr\u00e5 , ( formerly tidningarnas telegrambyr\u00e5 - or in english `` the newspapers ' telegram bureau '' ) . 
  founded in 1921 , it 's a news agency providing news to other news outlets . 
  from the english wiki ;  ( ... ) a swedish news agency , the largest in scandinavia , owned jointly by the country 's newspapers and the media groups behind them . 
  tt 's services are used as the exclusive source of national news by many local media outlets . 
  while i agree that sr has a homogeneous work force - this thread was about * news * . 
  and i got ta say that ekot is very neutral in their reports . 
  not even close . 
  my figures i took from the op . 
  how do you get to 33 % ? 
  the numbers are percentages of the whole , you ca n't simply summarize the different age groups . 
  if the different age groups are made up of exactly the same amount of people , then the muslim population would make up 5,5 % ( 33 divided by the number of age groups ) . 
  if you simply summarize the different age groups , you assume that the population of germany is greater than 100 % of the population of germany ... which does n't make sense . 
  i much prefer this kind of representation ; http://i.imgur.com/sc5knls.png, 
  understanding or speaking some english is not the same as being able to keep a conversation going in english . 
  most roads are * not * 90 km/h . 
  most roads in sweden are private roads , and my guess would be that the most common speed limit for them is 70 km/h , but it might as well be 50 km/h . 
  and yes , most swedish roads ( total length ) is private . 
  but the state/municipal roads carry the most traffic ( total distance travelled ) . 
  this annoys me : ikea is dutch . 
  volvo ( cars ) is chinese . 
  rubbish . 
  a person from copenhagen trying to talk to someone with a heavy accent from jylland or bornholm - impossible . 
  you 're thinking of dutch . 
  typing a dutch text can be accomplished simply by rolling your face over the keyboard . 
  if you miss a space , just go back and add it afterwards . 
  as i shall now demonstrate ; ik dfgyhuip oikujhg perfect dutch . 
  not a single swede was insulted . 
  it is for sure . 
  it 's something special with all those canals . 
  but , be prepared for a lot of tourists as well . 
  swedes perceive denmark as more racist and less tolerant as well , you know . 
  dansk folkeparti is seen as a danish version of sverige demokraterna ( sd ) . 
  and in sweden sd 's name is mud to anyone not actively supporting sd . 
  the only time we hear about the politics of the netherlands , it 's a story about geert wilders . 
  less corruption . 
  drugs , prostitution , quite racist , nice country side and bicycles . 
  i mean no offence . 
  but when did norway have a snobbish upper class anyway ? 
  sweden has one for sure , for better or worse . 
  a war between who exactly ? 
  russia and the us with nato allies ? 
  stop being silly . 
  of course not . 
  putin is not that stupid . 
  a war where russia invades the eastern part of ukraine , with no other parties getting directly involved ? 
  that is a lot more probable . 
  but who knows . 
  quiet you . 
  let 's have some more biased and uninformed opinions on why the police sucks and this old man is in the right to store enough weapons in his home to arm a small country . 
   if the guns were stored properly are you saying they were ? 
  i have n't followed this story but initially the news said there were `` guns lying around everywhere '' in his house . 
  that sounds like an illegal way of storing your weapons . 
  i 'm swedish . 
  it 's freaking everywhere . 
  i 'm no expert , because i do my best to avoid it . 
  but it 's something like ; several sub-competitions from different cities host entries of all sorts of artists . 
  the winners there go on to the big competition . 
  also some of those who did n't make it in the first round are selected in a `` second chance '' competition , and are allowed in the big finals . 
  the winner of the finals get to go to the eurovision . 
  i swear we spend more money on the eurovision than we do on schools . 
   back in the day ( 19th century ish ) , it was done to discourage the purchasing of votes with alcohol now we know why it used to be like that . 
  so why is it still like that ? 
      like everyone else in scotland it seems . 
  : / everyone i know in scotland are * not * voting for snp . 
  source : my one friend living in scotland . 
  i would laugh at the germans . 
  but i am honestly not confident that our government is n't running the whole thing . 
  v\u00e4nsterpartiet has communistic roots , yes . 
  and the communists also killed more nazis than the capitalists ever did . 
  it 's a moot point . 
  v having commies roots has little impact on the fact that sd has a more recent nazi background . 
   the sweden democrats , the only party in sweden which questions the current state of immigration in sweden , have literally been attacked in the streets and branded as nazis . 
  there is a simple explanation to that . 
  sd comes from a neo nazi background . 
  it is not an accusation - it 's a fact . 
  it 's well documented . 
  sd 's political success is due to a 10-15 year long process of `` cleaning up in the ranks '' , where racist views and opinions have been more and more marginalised . 
  very limited norwegian ( ? ),
