while the fifa ~ ~ would ~ ~ does sell itself out to the highest bidder in a heartbeat this is just your average soccer incompetence . 
  it 's not like anyone in soccer world is known for his smarts and getting hit on the head for decades sure does n't help , 
  thus the common terms revolutionary war and war of secession ... ... oh wait, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bulfwgsi8bc fists to the sky !, 
  so slovenija being part of schengen but hrvatska not is entirely pointless ? 
  i feel that really would n't have been necessary ... 
  because it is a thought crime , the most heinous of all . 
  being `` not right in the head '' has always been worse than , say , raping someone . 
  same deal as homosexuality for example . 
  no , that 's pretty much what i would have guessed, 
  it was hidden so well !, 
  not sure if this best of both worlds ' situation , 
  certainly not . 
  it is onedimensional , does n't even take child death rate into account . 
  ah , but they do not count . 
  just like the palestinian arabs they ran away of their own free will . 
  * ducks and runs * / s, 
  100 years ? 
  that 's not even bold , that 's just stupid . 
  same forecast mistakes though . 
  what if half of the children ( and adults . 
  and the old . ), 
  in africa die in civil wars and from diseases while the life expectancy in china and india will not be as high , as people die from increasing pollution . 
  a funny coincidence that 2014 is the year of child birth peak * snort *, 
  itt : dumb people fall for a shitty chart instead of knowing the actual numbers . 
  this kind of chart should always be accompanied with a chart showing past forecasts and how far off all of them were , 
  well , obviously the agriculture ( or imports but that requires equivalent exports which is what probably happens in nigeria ) * does * sustain this exponential population growth . 
  otherwise the offspring would die instead of surviving . 
  on a sidenote , these are strange numbers . 
  austria is suing due to the illegal ( and , if it was n't so sad , hilarious ) nature of the subsidies . 
  uk protects/guarantees the plants profits against inflation , lower power prices and more . 
  and the british tax payer will pay . 
  so the french build a nuke plant in england ... nothing about that is suspicious or insulting national pride ? 
  you are so ridiculous , it 's beautiful . 
  you really believe it ? 
  what 's your background , please ? 
  do n't bother . 
  you are talking to a lawyer . 
  we have in-country arbitration , of course . 
  this however would allow out-of-country arbitration between a corp and a state in front of an essentially corporate arbitration court , with no recourse , not based on law but `` opinion . '', 
  another , even more important part is the chill factor : a government/legislative will refrain from passing beneficial laws for the people ( worker protection , environmental protection , banning outdated tech etc etc ) if there is a risk of corps suing because their profits are diminished . 
  more precisely , because of a * perceived * risk that a corp will see a * chance * that the arb court will decide in favor of their * claimed * diminished profits . 
  and , in case you are us citizen , you know how that one works , no ? 
  besides , we ( rich western countries ) have used exactly this system to gag , blackmail and exploit 3rd world countries for quite some time . 
  it 's not like we do n't know what 's coming . 
  edit : in the worst of scenarios , this tool can be used by governments to intentionally take away rights or services granted to citizens , redistribute tax money or raise new taxes , pointing at their commitment to a contract with a corp or a settlement that has to be paid . 
  burn ( hm . . not sure who 's the burned one actually ), 
  apparently das elsass is still german . 
  * and * they have great wine too . 
  time for yet another european referendum , 
  i bet the algarve route is in fact also the highway  edit : even better , it does n't exist at all, 
  because they hardly ever create bicycle paths for these but use existing roads they deem suitable , sometimes for very odd or nonexistant reasons . 
  so not having the portuguese coast as a path is actually the most honest part of the map . 
  i was gon na say , ready to head out , just ca n't decide between route 2 and 4 , 
  buffer zone actually made me lol on second thought , that displays too much insight, 
  `` i have destroyed your health , your wealth , your life your future and that of your children and that of your grandchildren but hey , i did n't * kill * you and in my opinion there is someone worse , surely that 's a relief ? '', 
  hehehe well , better us than putin , amirite ? 
  and that 's the next old theme, 
  no jobs . 
  which is n't really an explanation and a generalization . 
  it 's complicated . 
  i hear there 's no water at all in some of those regions ... 
  weimar slash leipzig ? 
  it * is * nice . 
  winters too cold though, 
  well yeah , eastern part of germany ; poland , lithuania , belarus ... 
  to quote from a pro nuke subreddit : `` it is such a shame nuclear has such a bad name despite its clean track record '' ... er ... 
  i just learned i live in a purple part of the blue banana . 
  honestly , i do n't feel it 's high pop density here , probably cause the population is optimally dispersed . 
  the `` big city '' nearby is just 200 000 and rather too calm - and i hate cities . 
  pshh . 
  you do n't invade poland . 
  you just split it up and take your part . 
  impressive . 
  about 30 pages that can , and should , be summed up in about 8 sentences . 
  but hey , the layout sure is nice . 
  vyborg ... hehehe ... the russian city of vyborg . 
  you mad , sverige ? 
  are you thinking of soldiers getting lost on foreign territory because they did n't know where the border was ? 
  i would n't be surprised if all alliances of the 20th century were ` defensive only ' on paper . 
  [ germany ] it is n't even happening . 
  or , well , not succeeding . 
  for one thing , there are ways to hide new deficits , for example with ppp . 
  but even so for 20 years our governments while preaching austerity increased the deficit * and * cut down on social services and neglecting education . 
  the military budget meanwhile keeps increasing ( exception 2013 , decrease of debt ~ 1 % iirc ) . 
  as for inefficiency , kinks , loopholes and redundancies : no one is even talking about that in relation to austerity . 
  we have both official and inofficial bodies that criticize waste of tax money ( and imo make very good points ) and they are just bluntly ignored . 
  for the last years 2 infrastructure projects particularly , the berlin airport and stuttgart train station have shown how corrupt and incompetent these projects are run . 
  not even talking about if we should afford such megaprojects in times of austerity and `` financial crisis . '', 
  does ... does he somehow look more like hitler in the right pic ? 
  i am imagining that , right ? 
  that is funny to read but i ca n't see how it would change anyone 's opinion towards pro russia . 
  it portrays russia as a pouting thug and blackmailer . 
  and while the last thing i am is a pro-capitalist nato-hugger let 's not forget that the warsaw pact was forced on every single country participating , by a dictatorship . 
  consequently it disintegrated together with the sowjet union . 
  what are russian claims to its `` strategic backyard '' based on then ? 
  and why is it afraid of being - hypothetically - surrounded by ( a seriously weak and hamstrung ) nato anyway ? 
  that russia is moving more agressively now * might * be indication of sanctions taking its toll . 
  create facts quickly , then give in enough to get sanctions lifted without really moving out of ukraine . 
  nonono , you do bananas for scale .
