  a typical process is to go from town to town where you suspect a dialect border ask for a set of words and then create a map with lines for differing words . 
  where a lot of lines map together or some particularly peculiar lines , you declare a dialect border . 
  maybe there are * only * dialects but from an outside view they are so similar one might tend to lump them together . 
  one would certainly then lump low saxon and dutch together , with high dutch ( yes that is the old term for high german/hochdeutsch ) actually being a tad more off . 
  and yet penn and teller try to convince us that paper recycling is bad because that means the industry will create less new forests . 
  uneducated pseudolibertarian morons . 
  the project certainly could have been realized with the resources , lives and destruction of ww2 ... 
  yeah , no mercy for the dutch . 
  remember how they hurt and ruined you with the closing of the scheldt !, 
  never forget !, 
  there is no actual arable soil at the sea floor ... but if someone can fix that , it 's the dutch . 
  well , is it a cultural value that georgia shares ? 
  there you go . 
  ah , georgia , that nation that upholds all of those european cultural values ... of 1450 . 
   contact me in private lets go for a date :d and that 's how dating in finland really works . 
  or maybe does n't . 
  keep us posted , jrohila, 
  my take is this is a mostly us issue and the mods think it 's interesting how opinions differ in europe . 
  btw , when i was 20 , i was in a relationship with a 16 yo girl . 
  i have since not been in a relationship with someone under 20 but i guess i still find some women under 18 attractive . 
  second btw : the german term ephebophilie is used only for boys - if it 's used at all . 
  but that 's just a german dialect . 
  as is swiss . 
  * duck and run *, 
  about the same way ukraine is central europe . 
  they have the tip of their pinky toe west of the ural river that some consider the border to asia . 
  rest assured that anything i might hold against the puny uk explicitely excludes the beautiful cymru people . 
  edit : yeah , you scots too . 
  and the cornish if there are any left . 
  * `` 100 % anonymous '' * : i ca n't wait to see how many people chose `` nsa : will be more careful '' while doing a survey on google  ^ yeah ^ i ^ did ^ too, 
  i feel mostly insulted because we germans are the ones who like to complain most . 
  i was gon na say the same . 
  redditors by definition do n't have dates and finding reddit as a european takes so much internet time that redditors from europe doubly do n't have dates . 
  maria theresia . 
  prussian-austrian rivalry ( only much much later did i learn that switzerland exists because some habsburgians made some careless treaties and some stubborn alemanni with halberds repeatedly pointed out that pacta actually sunt servanda . ), 
  and by `` experts '' they mean conventional energy producers longing for a time when they could rely on their governments to cover any risk , excess cost and responsibility for their adventures as well as their conservative hedgefonds co-financers crying after their fat profits . 
  this is just another ridiculous piece of propaganda . 
  the `` european center for energy and resource security '' is a right-wing think tank already pushing neoliberal sell-out agenda again . 
  i 'n not some anti-antibiotics nutjob but `` meaning that old and toxic drugs are used . '', 
  since when are antibiotics not highly toxic ? 
  also keep in mind that this is not a general problem of the general population ( yet ) - at least afaik - but concerns chronically or terminally ill patients who have a long history of taking a considerable number of different drugs that woud be baffling to a typical 30 year old . 
  think of your grandparents and their box of pills , sorted by day . 
  hi , i am iceland , i have cheap excess hydro electricity . 
  anyone spot me some bauxite ? 
  to me , yes . 
  that 's because of the bad , id est normal , long term memory of people . 
  of course much of it is a matter of opinion but from my pov helmut schmidt was one of the most incompetent politicians we had . 
  he was the first right wing spd politican that made people go `` why do n't we vote cdu right away ? '', 
  clearing the way for the decay of spd in both profile and voting results . 
  he is a proponent of the further weakening of workers ' rights . 
  he has an almost irrational hate for unions . 
  he is a proponent of nuclear power , he was in support of further cold war arms build up , his dealings with raf were a failure no matter how you look at it . 
  he strengthened the anti-democratic structure of the eu ( admittedly not different from his predecessors and successors ) . 
  he created what is now the g8 summits , aggravating their domination of world trade etc. 
  the best thing he maybe did was helping along with creating the greens as opposition to his backwards ideas . 
  now that he styles himself elder statesman , using his own newspaper for help without qualms , his senile , chauvinist generalizing comments got even more inane . 
  one of his more recent follys was requesting that the german bundesverfassungsgericht shut up and `` stay out of politics . '', 
  the background of this is that politicians increasingly pass laws that blatantly contradict the constitution and are rightfully invalidated by said court . 
  his popularity on the other hand stems only from his impolite , denigrating and rude style in public speech and his habit of intentionally alienating people by smoking wherever he likes . 
  edit : oh , i forgot . 
  he even proposes introducing first-past-the-post voting in germany . 
  oh right , i forgot . 
  ukraine considers itself central europe . 
  works for me ; germany is central europe , that means ukraine and anybody in between belongs to us , saves us all a ww3 . 
  take it from clit_commander, 
  do n't listen to helmut schmidt , he 's a top class wanker . 
  it makes me sad how little seems to be left of the amazonian rain forest . 
  surprised eastern europe is n't jumping on you for that yet . 
  it 's precisely russia , ukraine and belarus , so largely the states that use cyrillic and vkontakte which in turn means most of eastern europe is present , 
  china has its own facebook . 
  but you probably know that . 
  perfect answer, 
  you should take a closer look . 
  why would we need another war at this point ? 
  til i have no idea what the domain for belgium is . 
  damn you belarus , bulgaria or whatever countries that might have been  edit : i * do * know the domain of belgium and that thing is broken . 
  they did n't look at the key variable there - dumbness . 
  a central prerequisite for the claimed behaviour . 
  dumbness is required to feel threatened and alienated by things that do n't threaten you . 
  how do we fight dumbness ? 
  by political education ( also a key ingredient for actual democracy btw ) , something that is lacking , even more in the us than in large parts of europe . 
  as german political cabaretist volker pispers put it , `` extrapolating from current prognoses , in 100 years the germans will be extinct and thus the turkish immigrants will have to manage all the nuclear waste we create now - in a flooded germany . 
  why should i care ?? '', 
  in ireland , ~ ~ potatoe ~ ~ summer only is dream . 
  oh wait ... potatoes - too soon ? 
  less rainy than ireland !, 
  you should move there !, 
  no potatoes pictured in latvia pic , just latvians who drink to forget dream of potatoe . 
  album seem legit . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  the pics are from the 2 weeks of summer before it switches back to -20 \u00b0 c for the rest of the year . 
  no , we wo n't all . 
  but anyone who ostensibly would be a sensible or justified target of these measures will . 
  as obama so aptly demonstrates , his successor will not give away any of the nifty tools he will inherit . 
  germany has well defined and narrowly tailored laws against certain types of hate speech that have n't been abused in over 60 years and they did not lead to a torrent of similar or overreaching laws or practises either ( we could probably live just as fine without them but that 's not the point here ) . 
  the problem with these filters is yes , censorship as such but moreso who does censor and what means of control of the censors there are ( none ) . 
  pretty sure a lawsuit against censoring perceived rape porn would be successful but that 's exactly why these lists are secret . 
  this is not a matter of law but of circumventing law , due process , gov transparency etc. 
  i never understood what 's so great about joining eu except less trade restrictions . 
  relax , denmark , we have more wind power than we can use as it is .
