  oh that would be cool . 
  i think simone simons lives in that area . 
  yeah , we totally need to anschluss her !, 
  polish -- lithuanian commonwealth , why did you fuck up ? 
  you were such a nice ... ~ ~ thing ~ ~ idea  ^ ( if we are to believe any number of games it did n't stand a chance ), 
  i am curious what that is based on , can you tell ? 
  no , lets pick dublin . 
  having a viking founded city as your capital is so much more humiliating . 
  while i appreciate the honest attempt , i am mostly here to read the comments on why every city is `` wrong '' , 
  yeah , the napoleonic kingdom of italy also was a puppet state and a joke and very shortlived and ... yeah, 
  it 's only listed as a joke , 
  nono , lets be frank * these stats are unsourced * these stats are bullshit, 
  the fascist greek police will always have time for gypsies . 
  more of a hobby than a job , you see . 
  * election is over , coalition negotiations now . 
  endless boring chatter on german talkshows . 
  * somehow german news learned only now that refugee people are drowning in the mediterranean 365 days a year . 
  or maybe some weird threshold was triggered that determines if reporting on that is happening or not . 
  * after doing his best to keep them out , our secretary of the interior is now boasting that we have taken in the most syrian refugees after sweden . 
  if every child in britain would get a mediocre education - that would be a blessing . 
  there would be no more morons and democracy would be a viable option . 
  so by all means , please ensure mediocre education for everyone instead of focusing on elites !, 
  i vote hansapils aka aldis rache . 
  would n't that be the sun reflecting from the metal rim ? 
  yes , the latter . 
  they are not good at playing the game yet and that is both a very good thing and a serious disadvantage . 
  but they did n't have much of a chance when the topic to compete with is `` waahh , i 'm a german and afraid to lose my money . '', 
  it 's ( historically ) a neat trick to get catholics and protestants to vote for the same party - that however only promotes business interests . 
  and now you jinxed it too . 
  great . 
  thank you good sir, 
  yes please good sir, 
  i do n't :'(, 
  also , what accent is that ? 
  is that a german trying hard to do some british accent or is it actually some british accent ? 
  i think 2/3 of donations were not via paypal so the project is not in danger no matter how things with fuckyouhardwhenyoudeserveitleastpal turn out . 
  are you familiar with the saying `` the pot calling the kettle black '' ? 
  let me explain in more detail a few terms thrown around in the comment above and below : antifa : antifascists : their core beef is with neonazis but depending on the specific group and ideology they will feel the need to fight a lot more , like : any kind of racism , capitalism in general which breeds fascism , the police who protect fascists , local politicians they consider fascist ( or just racist ) and so on . 
  these are the guys most likely to show up in these watches . 
  by far not all antifas are ready to use violence , though . 
  anarchists : actually really rare ( even if loosely defined ) but since anarchism is ( mostly wrongly ) equated with chaos and `` throwing bombs '' the label always makes for good headlines autonome : their core beef is not accepting laws `` made for them by others . '', 
  autonomy = making your own laws . 
  they do n't accept the german state/anything coming from the state and consequently fight it 's perceived oppression . 
  they also try to organize an alternative lifestyle based around `` autonome zentren '' , squats , self-managed youth and culture centres and the like - which for obvious reasons collides with `` the state '' the autonomous scene has indeed been hit hard by the german state in the last 20 years , with people in jail for charges like `` creating terrorist groups '' or `` creating criminal organizations . '', 
  there is overlap with antifas but by far not every antifa is `` autonomous '' and not every autonomer is ( actively ) antifa , though their projects are also prime targets of neofascists . 
  rioters , random : usually these days make up the vast majority of any violent crowd , not any of the above 3 , though that 's not reflected in the news . 
  the dreaded `` schwarze block '' ; `` black block '' or `` autonome block '' at protests can consist of any of those 4 groups ; a black hoody does not mean much in this context . 
  to make things really complicated ( for onlookers ) , a few years back right extremists have started to wear the same clothing and creating so called anti-antifas : groups specifically targeting antifas . 
  still confused ? 
  well ... 
  apparent mistranslation . 
  this article is bad copy pasta of an older piece run in german papers ( die zeit , e.g. ) . 
  quite a bit of it does n't make sense to me . 
  probably mistranslated or out of context . 
  this article is bad copy pasta of an older piece run in german papers . 
  quite a bit of it does n't make sense to me . 
  probably mistranslated or out of context . 
  the article i read mentioned that the reporters failed to find any trash lying around but noticed that the house generally was run down . 
  the balconies pictured look pretty tidy to me . 
  where is the trash ? 
  also , why would filthy gypsies who do n't learn to use soap wash their clothes ? 
  or are we holding that against them now too ? 
  hanging up your clothes to dry on the balcony is pretty standard in germany . 
  i also question the validity of the ground floor room with an apparently smashed window . 
  surely a `` street-smart '' gypsy wo n't smash his own window so he will freeze in winter ? 
  in the entire history of the eu there were only 2 eu nations that ever had eu funds suspended due to corruption and other irregularities and are still under constant threat . 
  guess which ? 
  hint : not even greece qualified . 
  there are only 2 ways you can set your answer and both are not looking good for you . 
  this is the best comment in this thread because a ) it is true and b ) germans are just like gypsies : free lunch ? 
  who would n't take it ? 
  if the host filled your plate and/or you did n't know the meal in advance you can say i am terribly sorry but i ca n't stand brussel sprouts or sorry , i am full . 
  it is also always okay to state that some food disagrees with you , that you are allergic or vegetarian , that sort of thing . 
  but in general it is good form to finish your meal/plate . 
  it is always better to give some kind of explanation why you wo n't finish . 
  also a good option is to say that you are not used to this food or how it is prepared but are willing to try something new and take only a little . 
  so , yes , unless they were * really * oversalted , germans will eat the vegetables . 
  it is of course different with restaurants but even there we seem to have an above average tendency not to complain about bad food - which is kinda stupid because it is good feedback for the restaurant and they are all very willing to make up for it ime . 
  itt : racist romanians claim they are not racist while denigrating and stereotyping people based on their supposed ancestry and ethnicity . 
  romanians are autodisqualified from seeking asylum as is any other eu member state 's citizen . 
  1 ) these roma , sinti or gypsies , like pretty much all now , are not migrants or nomads . 
  2 ) houses like these exist just as much with `` normal '' romanians , immigrants from other countries and , yes , `` normal '' germans . 
  3 ) problems are always exaggerated because even if these people are quite and peaceful no one wants strange neighbours like that . 
  it means lower property prices and stigma for the whole quarter . 
  4 ) these people pay rent and the owner of the house makes good money . 
  if a city does n't want this kind of run down houses there are various ways to shut them down . 
  agreed, 
  i have always dried mine either in a basement , in some hallway or in my ( generally small ) room - which needs some organizing but hey , i am german  friends of mine use the bathroom which i think is not a good idea as it is already humid there . 
  agreed , especially with modern insulation you may get humidity issues but i never have . 
  edit : the true reason why germans do n't have dryers is , it violates 2 of our core principles : we do n't `` waste '' energy and we do n't pay for something you can get for free . 
  1 ) rofl 2 ) unthinkable that germany would pop up with a song `` i love germany . '', 
  in fact there is a joke song `` ische liebe deutscheland . '', 
   people like to use opera statcounter ( map is based on ) is a shitty source but one coutry ruled by opera ? 
  we 'll take it !, 
  i guess all german cities have at least one ( 1 ) laundromat and university-run student accomodation typically has them , but they are not common and seem to become rarer . 
  ac and dryers seem to be rare in the countries i visited , at least compared to the us . 
  calling people peasants seems to be a new trend . 
  on a related note , i just crushed some puny noble cavalry with 2 units of peasants :p, 
   anything really . 
  all from the draft .
