  actually , 2 million magically disappeared in the last census so 80 mil should be about right , 
  oh now come on !, 
  for once a politicians wants to do something funny and everyone goes `` noo you ca n't do that ! '', 
  so the ttip is just more written down legal binding blackmail on top of the regular diplomatic exchange blackmail . 
  that makes me feel so much better . 
  they just did n't . 
  sure they can . 
  but they did n't . 
  how is the us factually pushing against a ban on pesticides and winning fearmongering ? 
  you really should go to some towns in valencia , aragon and the baleares and voice that opinion loudly on the marketplace  edit : maybe wait until the vegetables are all sold . 
  or at least the hard ones . 
  edit edit : well , unless that means only eggs are left . 
  you get the point . 
  in every 3 member communist cell you 'll have a leader , a dissenter and the third is the police informant/agent provocateur, 
  we 'll have to talk about that asylum/immigrants thing first . 
  by that of course i do n't mean the ` not letting people in ' but your outrageous high levels of actually granting asylum . 
  that has to be curbed down to the european average of 0.1 %, 
  i found it rather obvious , yet subtle enough to deny it . 
  well , i 'm just crudely stitching together my latin , greek and 20 words of slovenian with linguistic guesswork glue , 
  hey cool , apparently i speak serbian . 
  the comments clearly need more le reddit army lel, 
  wait , was lithuania that one country where a majority uses internet explorer ? 
  especially the beer is not alcohol part , 
  they need the fat for insulation up in those cold mountains, 
  ok , change of heart - lux stays independent . 
  we have enough ugly dialects in germany already . 
  it looks beautiful . 
  and i would love to see the `` oh fuck '' faces of the ebay and paypal criminals when they realize they are in for a sound german beating . 
  i vote we call it lotharingia then . 
  sounds like france would be willing to hand over lorraine too . 
  germany might even add saarland . 
  it 's a deal ? 
  but it will be * dun dundun *, 
  i had almost the same thought . 
  give serbia a piece of croatia where definitely only croatians live and vice versa and the same with all the other bits . 
  at least they would have a reason to fight then . 
  some people think life of brian is about ridiculing christianity . 
  these people are wrong . 
  what we learn from this map : that is one dumb ngo . 
  not having had a gay parade in the last 3 years gives a 30 % `` discount '' in one category because then they ca n't evaluate if the state would interfere . 
  if the whole thing is that broken that means luxembourg , liechtenstein and a few others will always have bad scores . 
  it 's not true . 
  this is a common misunderstanding stemming from ambiguous wording in the laws . 
  in most states it is legal to hitchhike . 
  a few even allow it right on the shoulder of a freeway , like oregon , some allow it anywhere * outside * of the actual freeway , like on on-ramps , some require you to be off the paved part or off the entire shoulder of the road , including gravel , in a few states it is indeed illegal ( nevada , utah iirc edit : nj too ) and in some states cops have a reputation for believing it is illegal and it 's kinda hard to convince a cop he is wrong ( arizona , new mexico iirc ) . 
  additionally , while hitchhiking may be allowed in general , many interstates and four lane highways are prohibited for pedestrians . 
  in those states that forbid `` soliciting a ride while standing in a highway '' you can still talk to drivers at rest areas or gas stations . 
  you do n't have to take my word for it either , if you google for the right wording you will usually find the laws online . 
  search for [ statename ] plus roadway , purpose , soliciting a ride , this usually gives you a law that says not to solicit on a roadway then search ` roadway means portion of highway ' for the amendment that specifies what is defined as roadway . 
  oh , slovakia can into `` please do n't come here , it 's terrible '' too ? 
  stop trying to make grexit happen , telegraph . 
  it 's not a word . 
  and that one 's a typo , 
  that might be the weirdest `` despite '' one can connect to that but anyway : wars have no winners . 
  soldiers are not brave . 
  there should be monuments reminding us of past mistakes , violent death , wasted humand life , suffering . 
  there should be monuments that make the next generations go `` i wo n't be that dumb . '', 
  monuments glorifying soldiers of any nation and the like maybe should be modified or ammended explaining how they were tools for causes that were n't their own . 
  on the other hand `` weird '' monuments are an excellent way of getting people interested in history , a very necessary thing . 
  `` why is here a russian monument ? 
  russia is 2000km away ?? '', 
  come on guy , seriously , we have been in croatia ... well , a long time . 
  as soon as the last ss troops left the first tourists arrived . 
  / maybetosoon but now the americans will be coming too . 
  murder is illegal , and for good reasons . 
  asking for the legalization of murder is calling on the lowest motivations of humans and capitalizing on mindless fear . 
  the appalling number of innocently convicted in the usa that increasingly come to light with dna analysis also show how unable we are to reliably convict the right one . 
  [ too late , they are coming !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/travel/comments/3419yn/found_a_peoplefree_beach_off_the_highway_in/?limit=500 ), 
  maybe you should tell people that there are still landmines * everywhere * . 
  especially on the coast . 
  that does n't exist . 
  oh , and brown bears . 
  so much brown bears . 
  american very afraid of brown bear !, 
  is this the usual `` please do n't come here , it 's terrible '' circlejerk ? 
  as a german tourist in oregon this was the default conversation : `` where are you from ? 
  oh , germany , i 'm german too ! '', 
  ( meaning , their grampa ), 
  this is the hungarian president ?? 
  ** this is the hungarian president ?? 
  ** you guys are fucked . 
  very . 
  some countries recently do their best to make it hard to hate * our * bad government . 
  just what somebody would say that wants to move borders !, 
  `` no one has the intention to build a wall . '', 
  okay , that currency is even more funny than dollars . 
  does it really still exist ? 
  / pro eu anti brit circlejerk mode, 
  i take offense at being robbed of the opportunity of swearing at the k\u00e4s-holler for filling their tanks at home and then using our beautiful autobahns to get to italy without leaving a cent in germany !, 
  no , i do n't want to be remembered that * we * eat most of the dutch cheese , either . 
  in a secondary school in my town in germany the headmaster decided he did n't want to see `` any more political symbols '' on pupils as the school has to be politically neutral by law . 
  which refers to the teachers and how they teach , not the pupils . 
  now , he was right wing and a bit on the fascistic side of things , as headmasters tend to be by profession , and the only symbols anyone would wear were crossed out swastikas , the peace sign , the peace dove , the anarchists a and the like . 
  well , turns out he has the right to do that because a headmaster is pretty much a legalized dictator . 
  however , there is * one * force he has to bow down to : the parents - and his nonsense idea was gone real fast . 
  tl ; dr the problem are the headmasters . 
  so much white skin . 
  so very white skin ... 
  protestant german here willing to sell out any available catholics .
