  gustav adolf for life !, 
  when do we start ? 
  you have been appointed mod of / r/onetruegod, 
  nicholas cage is god . 
  but strangely the devil is deciding which movies he may star in . 
  the likes of ttip are corporately designed to fuck up citizens and governments both sides of the atlantic . 
  it 's just the next round of `` if we do n't get this privilege we move our factories to mexico/china/whatev '', 
  we , the german gov , officially do n't want to adopt this or that reform ( we lobbied for behind closed doors on eu level ) . 
  that 's why when the vote 's up we ... abstain !, 
  now replace [ greece ] with [ any other country that had the questionable privilege to interact with imf ] . 
  democracies have been forced and dragged by all kinds of resistance movements kicking and screaming into every single of these changes and improvements . 
  safety nets , welfare and stable economies ( what little we have ) are the result of sadly often forgotten bloody worker struggles , union fights , civil rights movements , even civil wars . 
  they are the result of those democracies and their predecessors pushing the limits of cruelty , inhumanity and exploitation until the backlash was too strong . 
  human rights , trampled every step of the way today as much as yesterday , are the result of 2 terrible world wars . 
  the existance of our ( largely fake ) democracies is due to the incredible wealth surge of the last 2 centuries . 
  they are merely the little finger given to appease us . 
  on the other hand , some enlightened monarchs have furthered progress and science more than a fair share of democracies . 
  tl ; dr these are not accomplishments of democracies , democracy is a result of these accomplishments , and an endangered one . 
  oh my , i think there goes my dream . 
  will a beard without moustache suffice ? 
  and what 's that , old horse soup ?? 
  with fish ??? 
  ( okay , i looked that up ) for breakfast ???? 
   this poster has been in all rooms of my school since/for one year . 
  they appeared without explanation . 
  how am i doing ? 
  can i into portugues ? 
  who ? 
  ( i guess i 'll just show myself out ), 
  that 's what they want you to think * conspiratorial wink wink *, 
  iirc poland was one of the very few countries in europe that allowed , even invited , jews , allowed them to buy land and put them under the protection of the king - at a time when for example england and spain had entirely eliminated jews from their population - and upheld this attitude for centuries . 
  so let 's just ignore that one asshole and applaud polands early sanity . 
  best thing that can happen really . 
  gives them less reason to compete with europe and destroy what local industry is still here . 
  what do i care where the profit margins go to the general population never sees anyway and that no tax is paid on . 
  if china actually uses the profits to improve the life of their people , however indirectly , great . 
  if not it 's just a different bunch of rich assholes who have more ficitional money they do n't know how to count or spend . 
  but no . 
  japan wanted to buy the us . 
  get yo facts straight , man !, 
  itt : you can post this kind of topic in any subreddit , even r/europe , it will always attract the same type of ... types, 
  everyone i know has about 5 technically functional mobile phones without contract in a drawer . 
  how are these figures collected ? 
  edit : so it 's just currently active phones ? 
  works for me , 
  just as people who still live in the donetsk region and did n't either flee or get killed are probably pro-russia and convinced they are saver there than elsewhere in ukraine . 
  personally i believe there actually was a crimean majority for joining russia but this survey is a bit pointless . 
  see further up, 
  stand for `` gountries.uho.are.really afraid of mrussia . '', 
  well , that one i get . 
  it gives me the creeps . 
  spain somewhat , germany not so much . 
  germany has national parks and the like but even there if you hike ( let alone drive a car ) you will frequently come across roads and at least villages during a day . 
  the simple reason is that we use almost all of the land at least for timber as we do n't have any deserts etc. 
  try northern sweden , norway and finland . 
  northern scotland a bit . 
  ( northern ) russia . 
  apples and oranges . 
  right now germany is in an excellent position to make new debt by handing out bonds - which it does `` generously '' btw . 
  it is a fairly unique situation where so many money owners desperately grab for anything that seems a solid way to park money . 
  but during the last decades most of the time this habbit was creating a burden for the future . 
  2013 was the only year ever germany actually reduced its debt , since 1961 - by a whopping 1 % . 
  2014 is probably in the same ballpark . 
  austerity is just a ploy to stop people from groveling over cuts , it 's not really about debt reduction . 
  as a german having spent 3 months in the us right smack in the sweetspot : yassss !, 
  kleve , that 's one of those annoying `` things '' from europa universalis . 
  i guess the dutch can have it . 
  certainly . 
  the politicians want the option to drive the state into debt again because that is a much sweeter option than raising taxes if you want to hand out presents to voters . 
  that 's why i wrote the greek * people * . 
  this is a game of parties and governments , it is up to the people to prevent that * they * pay the bill . 
  it is `` just '' a matter of negotiations . 
  under the right circumstances a creditor will give in and agree that there 's nothing more to gain or that it is better to take the bird in the hand instead of the two in the bush . 
  i never thought the shelf is for poo inspection , i just think it saves water . 
   do n't they need a lot more cleaning when you 're shitting right onto a shelf ? 
  usually not . 
  depends of course on your poo . 
  if you ... um ... do you want me to go into details ? 
  * laugh *, 
  this is of course simplified but if a company defaults it ceases to exist and all its assets go somewhere else . 
  if a state defaults the debt disappears , and some of its assets as can be seized , but essentially the state just restarts without debt . 
  it has happened surprisingly often since the middle ages . 
  well , most countries of the world are in extreme debt with no real perspective to ever get out of it , including our beloved model students germany and usa . 
  granted , the greece gov appears to have been a bit more irresponsible than the rest and fudged the book on top of that . 
  that really depends on your pov . 
  when i was young i played board games and video games with stock market elements . 
  i realized this is all make believe , psychology , trickery and of course fiction . 
  money appears , money diappears , paper changes hands , arbitrary rules - and of course the real economy suffering . 
  the friends i played with moved on to work in the financial sector and they still play the same games . 
  and they know it . 
  the best thing you can do if you owe that kind of `` funny money '' is to say i 'm not paying . 
  what have you got to lose ? 
  well , kinda , yes . 
  bailout is a nice word . 
  what 's happening largely is that we lend them * more * money to pay * back * what they already owe us and later they have to pay us * that money * back too . 
  all that with interest , of course , and no prospect of ever getting out of the circle . 
  meanwhile we also try to take whatever they might have of actual value and ask that they dismantle whatever is left of their social security system . 
  the only demand i can get behind is getting their tax system to work and confiscating non-declared luxury items . 
  if `` we '' kick greece out of the euro , they can never pay their debt back . 
  if `` we '' keep greece in the euro , they can never pay their debt back .
