  ahah , one of my favorite joke techniques . 
  have an upvote . 
  that is a cute article completely ignoring the everyday racist dealings of greece 's proto-fascist police . 
  for example , being a legal , working , migrant - and the police knows it - will net you the exact same treatment . 
  my recommendation : go to athens , have a look yourself . 
  that is , if you are a white average looking `` caucasian '' . 
  otherwise , stay out . 
  no , i understand all of this . 
  i was only adressing that the data is presented wrongly . 
  of course this situation is all the more reason to buy a fuel saving car , but that was n't even my point . 
  thorium nuclear power best restaurants biggest aircraft carriers shale gas gm plants growing economy government is a ( bad ) product drain the state so the rich can become richer ; prosperity but for whom ? 
  that side is not called rational optimist but egoistic capitalist or , if you will , asshole what cheap superficial propaganda, 
  i was going to ask how then americans manage to still use more fuel and need 8 lane highways but i guess that question is answered . 
  crappy article . 
  the update makes it even worse because it is plain wrong . 
  dude needs to learn to read data . 
  bwahahahahahahaha what a twit, 
  the german fdp supports both economic liberalism and social liberalism - at least on paper . 
  not true for germany . 
  i 'll answer just for germany :  are largely for lower personal taxes for everyone ( they say ) , less regulation on businesses , more privatization , less government programs . 
  that would be the `` liberals '' ( fdp ) in germany . 
  the `` conservatives '' ( cdu ) also lean that way in theory but not so much in practice in at least the last 20 years . 
  the conservatives do n't emphasize a lean state . 
  the liberals also want strong protection of the citizen against the state , a strong independent justice system , public means to control the state and generally as much freedom for citizens as possible . 
  some people at least perceive this as right wing economics but left wing civil rights . 
   their foreign policies are very militaristic , that does n't really apply to any party except maybe the extreme right ( npd ) . 
  the cdu supports a strong arms industry but that 's more economy and kept under the radar if they can . 
   and their social policies tend to not extend equal protection to minority groups . 
  as far as rhetorics go that would be the cdu again , especially their right wing and csu but in practice all parties act much the same . 
  so far the ( barely ) second largest party ( spd ) has been missing , and for a reason . 
  let 's have a quick look at our `` left wing '' `` socialists '' : last time they ran the government they radically cut down social services and public health care , gave tax relief to the rich , turned the labor market towards a copy of the usa 's , severly alienated the unions , tampered with the public old age insurance and joined the first 2 wars of aggression in the history of the brd . 
  consequently they now have been reduced to junior partner of conservative governments , if that , and i woud n't be surprised if they entirely disappeared within the next decade . 
  the 90s called . 
  they want you to know that you are dead wrong . 
  not really . 
  more like intentional butchering . 
  they took care translating `` the irish '' with `` die kleine pixies '' wich is hardly what google translator would spit out , 
  one * could * say that but i 'm just saying he is redditor for 3 days, 
  redditor for 2 months, 
  redditor for 3 days, 
  redditor for 7 days, 
  redditor for 7 days, 
  redditor for 3 days, 
  i do n't know about syria but it 's not uncommon that a family goes into debt to finance the journey of one family member who then hopefully makes it and sends money back . 
  i would expect that life in hungary is harder and that better welfare is provided in germany so we agree on that . 
  the people i know personally and what i mostly hear about come down to 2 categories : bad luck or bad at handling money/bad planning - plus no family backup . 
  the classics if you will . 
  women with child but the father ran of and does n't provide a second income . 
  people who were n't able to get a good education due to health issues and have limited options on the job market . 
  people who overestimated their future income and/or were suddenly out of job and had indebted themselves . 
  people struggling with addiction . 
  people who have to deal with the financial fallout from a bad relationship . 
  families whose income was based on the father who died . 
  they wo n't starve , especially if they are a bit resourceful but a car breaking down and needs repair , buying new shoes or clothes , they will struggle with that and they will have a hard time saving money . 
  you can generally live decently on hartz iv , yes , depending on the baggage you bring but you may have a hard time getting out of it again . 
  looks to me like the euro endured a substantial crisis without so much as twitching , better than the usdollar in fact . 
  it is still one of the top 3 or 4 currencies worldwide as far as stability and investment attractiveness go . 
  people may suffer , people always suffer when morons play with money , but the euro economy just keeps going . 
  rule 1 of 2015 ( and 2014 and 2013 and 2012 and . . ) : if it says flashmob , it is n't one . 
  but if the idea of flashmobs revives the idea of street music - great . 
   germany , because of frankfurt everyone from the states who has been only there because of the airport or has n't been at all . 
  confirmed . 
  nonsense . 
  you keep draining the north sea , you got plenty space . 
  you even got space to export tomatoes and cheese !, 
  norwegian with a * winter * house in the mediterranean . 
  summer in norge is just fine . 
  winter is the problem . 
  yet you 're headed for sweden . 
  liar !, 
  there are a lot of people in germany that have everyday money problems but if you are young , childless , healthy , willing to move to where housing is affordable and do n't have excessive expectations life is good . 
  an excellent exercise in non sequitur . 
  but why did the author choose such a controversial topic for practising rhetorics ? 
  are you saying there are not only refugees but also immigrants coming to germany ? 
  this should be in the news !, 
  i thought all our attempts to attract immigrants have failed !, 
  germany does n't have housing shortage , germany has plenty housing . 
  germany has * attractive housing * shortage . 
  there may be refugees or asylum seekers who get lucky but most live in housing germans do n't want to live in . 
  i doubt they compete much with germans for housing . 
   last week on the train i saw a somewhat more than average pigmented guy and it is my godgiven right to call that a flood and no facts can shake my believe because it was never based on reason but gut anyway . 
  if you were a refugee reading reddit - which country would * you * choose and which countries would you avoid the hell ? 
  that 's right . 
  how efficient , combo insult . 
  reminds me of this one : the saar people can not go extinct - because the french keep throwing their ugly babies over the border . 
  i would expect that after months and years people have the basics down , but no , every reddit and r/europe thread seems yet again flooded by people who do n't know the first thing about the different national and international laws concerning refugees - or the basic concept of a refugeee as such . 
  czechs - the better germans ? 
  you do realize that most french words have roots in latin words and that you can not tell at a glance whether they were introduced to english from french or latin ? 
  [ claim ] ( http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?allowed_in_frame=0&amp;search=claim&amp;searchmode=none ) might go ultimately back to latin clamare but it came to english from old french ` claime ' . 
  in the 70s and 80s france ( and indirectly germany ) sold ~ 4000 milan-missiles to assad . 
  [ italy sold weapons too ] ( http://www.worldcrunch.com/syria-crisis/not-just-russia-italy-other-europeans-sold-plenty-of-weapons-to-syria/c13s13307 ) . 
  not like that is any different in germany . 
  while i generally agree - safe neighbours ? 
  i would n't even call israel that , it 's in a constant state of civil war too . 
  turkey can be in the middle of that war tomorrow and has a civil war with kurds flaring up right now . 
  iraq ?? 
  jordan is stable for now i guess and is providing refuge for something like 2 million , iiirc ? 
  not sure how solid that information is but their society is pretty pissed already . 
  and they have quite a few long term palestinian refugees anyway . 
  but throwing some money their way would be a good start .
