  humans differ in size , silly . 
  sorry ukraine , our arms sales are already scheduled for kurdistan . 
  maybe you could find some oil or gas for export like real quick ? 
  kind regards , germany and the rest of the west, 
  well , yes . 
  but it is still to scale . 
  note : map not to scale !, 
  the twist : they failed to find anyone under the age of 28 , period . 
  so cute when you guys swear at each other, 
  still not how we do it in germany . 
  everybody negotiates with everybody at the same time . 
  not negotiating with another party only happens for tactical reasons or when both sides consider it pointless . 
  the formal part of the process only starts once parliament convenes to elect the chancellor . 
  not voting for either and know their bullshit . 
  why should i watch it, 
  so , again , everything stays the same ? 
  at least london would be drowned so there is some justice, 
  you know nothing jon snow, 
  no news may not always be good news but it certainly is always no news . 
  ukraine seems to be an excellent example of how an effective army , or its absence , is only of very limited use , including russia 's , natos and ukraine 's . 
  did n't we already ? 
  really weird headline . 
  this vid never gets old, 
  the reasoning is that at least some specific serving styles of kebab were first invented in germany , by turks of course , so in that sense german, 
  you just had to bring it up ... 
  if you squint at it just right your flag looks suspiciously like the russian one ... ( why , yes , norway * has * a border with russia ), 
  i think the normal mustard-shit-brown nazi uniforms were a really odd decision , you are thinking of ss uniforms probably ? 
  i was thinking about a joke gold versus yellow but clearly you have found the perfect one !, 
  * blushes * as long as i 'm not funny ... 
  * instantly sobers up and switches into historian mode * well , granted , our flags are not rally something to joke about * whips out projector with presentation * `` now consider the 19th century ... '', 
  you would know , would n't you , russia :p, 
  as long as we are still allowed to make fun of our own flags ... , 
  there is no god . 
  we are all socialists here . 
  just my thought . 
  who says russia is done with the juicy bits they already have their fangs in ? 
  you still got furs ? 
  alaska, 
  hey , i 'm just quoting . 
  and having fun . 
  yeah , the entire time count is off , not just ww1 or 2, 
  not really that different from a republic like let 's say the usa , especially if the libertarians/republicans win and by and by dismantle the federal government . 
  the war of northern agression ? 
  more precisely , the emperors increasingly lost power to counts and dukes ( some of whom eventually became kings ) while in france e.g. 
  the king ( eventually ) managed to control nobility and centralize power ( bavaria for example became a kingdom formally only 1806 , before that it was a herzogtum ( duchy ) for more than 1000 years ) . 
  the reason for this continuing power loss ( or at least a big one ) was that the emperor was elected from a set of dukes and the candidates had to bargain for votes . 
  edit : one can certainly argue that the presentation of hre on this map is misleading . 
  the hold of some french kings on some of their vassals was not stronger than the authority of some emperors over some of the hre . 
  caught ya , did i ? 
  nice try lithuania , we know what * you * want from ukraine . 
  no 1430 borders for you !, 
  ( actually you can have belarus , k ? ), 
  wladimir putin , the man worshipped all over the world by gamers for saving us from another rerun of ww2 scenarios and making ww3 finally happen ... 
  whether long-range weapon or suicide bomber , wicked mind is a weapon of mass destruction whether soaraway sun or bbc 1 , misinformation is a weapon of mass destruction you coulda caucasian or a poor asian , racism is a weapon of mass destruction whether inflation or globalization , fear is a weapon of mass destruction my dad came into my room holding his hat i knew he was leaving , he sat on my bed told me some facts . 
  son , i have a duty , calling on me you and your sister be brave my little soldier and do n't forget all i told ya you 're the mister of the house now remember this and when you wake up in the morning give ya momma a kiss then i had to say goodbye in the morning woke momma with a kiss on each eyelid , even though i 'm only a kid certain things ca n't be hid momma grabbed me held me like i was made of gold but left her inner stories untold i said , momma it will be alright when daddy comes home , tonight whether halliburton , enron or anyone , greed is a weapon of mass destruction we need to find courage , overcome . 
  inaction is a weapon of mass destruction the skin under my chin is exploding again . 
  i 'm getting stress from some other children i 'm holding it in . 
  we taking sides like a politician and if i get friction we get to fighting . 
  i 'll defend my dad he 's the best of all men and whatever he 's doing he 's doing the right thing . 
  it 's frightening , but it makes me mad , why do all of these people seem to hate my dad ? 
  and if that ai n't enough now i get these spots . 
  i go to sleep every night with my stomach in knots and what 's more , i can hear momma next door explore the radio for reports of war . 
  and all we ever seem to do is hide the tears . 
  seems like daddy been gone for years . 
  but he was right , now i 'm geared up for the fight and he would be proud of me , if my daddy came home tonight . 
  my story stops here , let 's be clear , this scenario is happening everywhere . 
  and you ai n't going to nirvana or far-vana , you 're coming right back here to live out your karma . 
  with even more drama than previously , seriously . 
  just how many centuries have we been waiting for someone else to make us free ? 
  and we refuse to see that people overseas suffer just like we : bad leadership and ego 's unfettered and free who feed on the people they 're supposed to lead i do n't need good people to pray and wait for the lord to make it all straight . 
  there 's only now , do it right . 
  ` cos i do n't want your daddy , leaving home tonight, 
  whoever did this chart should be publicly spanked . 
  exactly . 
  paet says that he * thinks * that there * might * have been snipers hired by someone on the pro west side of the conflict based on what he * heard * from * other people * . 
  that has about the validity or worth of putin saying the new gov is `` fascist '' . 
  it is also very believable that of all people some estonian guy has primo info of this kind that the kreml has not . 
  with this now being the second leaked call of that kind what i find more interesting and disastrous is at what a shitty and unprofessional level these international information exchanges work . 
  it 's about the level of some friends exchanging the latest gossip over tea . 
  these are the politicians who decide over war and peace or who might or might not own wmds ... 
  so `` some guy '' says that he * thinks * that there * might * have been snipers hired by the pro west side of the conflict based on what he * heard * from * other people * . 
  that has about the validity or worth of putin saying the new gov is fascist ... it is also very believable that of all people some estonian guy has primo info of this kind that the kreml has not . 
  finding out what russia wants is surprisingly difficult right now , is n't it ? 
  at first glance i would say putin wants war , or he is on some bad drugs . 
  more likely he just puts the pressure on to get the most out of whatever changes will happen and does n't give a fuck that he creates problems for himself that were n't even there - like loosing the crimea base . 
  germany reporting in . 
  can we wait till at least late april with the robust response ? 
  we still need russian gas for the heating season ... 
  i love you guys so much . 
  really my first thought too : meh , russia should have a core on krim anyway and ukraine certainly should n't . 
  also , russia can take the stab hit . 
  well , i have n't met anyone impolite or hostile in person in england ( or britain ) ... aside from drunks . 
  and youth . 
  and drunk youth . 
  oh , and kids . 
  and some brits abroad , which really takes us back to drunk youth . 
  edit : oh and then there was the incident at the post office where i did n't realize that one person can form a queue . 
  although that was n't impolite , it was justified tuting , 
  in theory , ~ 5 $ / h net should be the minimum wage you can `` achieve '' , and only with a < 20h/week job , but due to - mostly illegal - shenanigans 1,2 million in fact earn less , in germany . 
  germany is certainly trying to catch up with the shitty wages , yes .
