  hooray , we germans are not alone in this . 
   there seems to be an aversion to air conditioning , laundromats and cloth dryers in this country is n't that true for most of europe ? 
  this is probably back from zarist times . 
  some of the zars employed germans for architecture , infrastructure and administration when they felt that russia was in need of modernization . 
  however , yes , there have been a lot of german settlers over the centuries , too . 
  you know , preparing the invasion an ' stuff . 
  [ obligatory comment about silly nationalist/separatist notions in all belgian parties goes here ], 
  europe here . 
  we only pretend to be annoyed so they wo n't stop , 
  do n't take it personally , i 've heard that same joke about poland , russia , romania and a few others . 
  and during the cold war the joke was about the south of italy and sicily . 
  now i think about it . . i travelled wales north to south and can not recall a lot of sheep - if any at all . 
  see ? 
  see now ? 
  that 's what you get for being a loner !, 
  you do n't get to play !, 
  ( i am allowed to scream because i 've been harassed by a danish conductor once because i had only `` funny '' money with me . 
  but today it 's payback ! ), 
  sw germany 1 letzebuerg `` copper '' 2 french 1 belgian 1 italian 15 german copper ( we all know it , the germans are the only ones who actually use the copper coins , right ? ), 
  13 other german , 2 of them commemorative 1 shoping car deposit chip ( yeah have a laugh already ), 
  the slowenian are all snatched up by collectors , 
  touche . 
  was waiting for that . 
  as a kid i thought `` i * feel * it is deutsch but why ca n't i understand it ? '', 
  i do n't like stereotyping people like this . 
  it is an enormous step to go from a society led by king , nobility and divine order with an ingrained tradition of hierarchy to a self governed democracy . 
  considering the situation , the majority of germans were willing to go quite far . 
  i would also like to emphasize that concepts that are today `` socialist staples '' like arbeiterr\u00e4te / sowjets/workers ' councils were created in germany just as in any other similar revolution ( and , to ride that horse again , were hated and dispersed by the spd leadership ) . 
  actually , first czech then poland . 
  would have been stupid the other way round , we made good use of the czech tanks and military industry . 
  nonono , i have an alternative : the destruction of the socialist revolution by ... the socialists . 
  a spanish monarch decided to give some money ( not very much really ) to an italian wanker . 
  wanker should have died but got * really * lucky ... and brought centuries of disaster over 2 continents , creating , by proxy , a lot of failed states . 
  what part makes you proud ? 
  so . . no proud moments ( you forgot the actual german revolutions ... that the traitors of the `` socialdemocratic '' spd betrayed and defeated every time with the help of the fascist freikorps . 
  so the picture holds true , we try and fail ), 
  i like the theory that the portuguese actually discovered brazil before columbus discovered the caribean and thus tricked the pope into giving it to them . 
  thank you for subscribing to metric system facts !, 
  newsletter !, 
  did you know that ... 
  strawberries in ireland ? 
  too wet , too cold . 
  they tricked you , those were potatoes . 
  i can understand how latvians would n't notice . 
  see , with some effort you can * always * make a * good * potatoe joke . 
  well , that 's part of the problem . 
  if an employer can get away with paying 450 $ for a job that deserves 3000 + pre-tax , he will and he does . 
  nasik does n't tell us specifics . 
  maybe , e.g. , his canadian bachelor is n't fully credited and he is paid as a chemisch-technischer assistent ( cta ) ( he should still earn more , yes ) we do n't know how many hours a week he works . 
  it should be something like 20 but this kind of job often means unpaid overtime . 
  ~ ~ if he earns 400-450 $ a month his insurance is usually covered by state ( well , mostly ) ~ ~ i live in somewhat similar conditions : rent ( outside of an expensive city ) 180 $ / month , very small room , ~ 10m \u00b2 , wg ( this includes heating , power , water and even dsl but will likely go up 20 $ this year ) food 100-150 $ ( decent food but i have to keep an eye on prices . 
  if i buy organic or in the `` wrong '' store expenses surge ) insurance ~ 140 $ / month but this means : transportation : almost exclusively bicycle , long distance with ride share ; no car i am quarreling with myself over the luxury of a monthly train ticket for the winter months no typical holiday ( that costs money ) no further insurances no children no expensive/decent shoes , clothes ( unless i know how to look for bargains ) `` recycled '' furniture from family , friends , bulk waste disposal just saving enough money for above mentioned shoes , clothes and other `` surprise expenses '' like medical that is n't covered by insurance no option to ever rent or own a flat let alone a house if i ever get seriously sick or need a long hospital stay i can only pray the state pays - and i am down to zero personally , i am not complaining due to other mitigating circumstances but for a society as a whole this is problematic . 
  it will continue to work , for a time . 
  the people i know are all ( well almost all ) very willing to work and do n't mind , well , anything at all concerning the conditions and pay . 
  they cut back on their living standard or are supported by the older generation - which on average are better off in the current system . 
  the real problem underneath is big shareholders that drain off wealth , just like in most other countries . 
  there is more to drain off in germany than in say , spain or greece so we are still further from a crash . 
  the last petiton prevented mandatory privatizing of water works and other public services . 
  before that it prevented acta . 
  before that it created a downturn in ppp in some eu member states and before that ... the eu agro reform essentially failed but it would have been worse without the petitions . 
  change.org however is not a very successful platform, 
  even as an anarchist i agree , 
  nope , you do n't qualify , you did n't have enough medieval viking invaders . 
  although i imagine it 's because whenever some vikings landed on your shores , they looked around and decided `` those blokes seem pretty barbarian already , nothing to proselytise her , moving on . '', 
  yeah , if things had turned out just a little different a swedish empire would cover today finland , the baltic states , poland , belarus , northern germany and even part of russia . 
  laugh, 
  we do n't hate you . 
  some are just worried that your economy will collapse and take europe with it . 
  or that you will balkanize into 10 states . 
  or how about another anarchist revolution . 
  actually , that would be pretty awesome , i would join . 
  the swedish are traitors and an abomination because they are the only tonal ( think chinese ) indoeuropean language . 
  boats ? 
  on a canal ? 
  did you hear the cops arrested old jones for shagging a sheep ? 
  male or female sheep ? 
  female of course , nothing wrong with old jones !, 
  you ' ve been part of austria for the better part of the last millenium . 
  you 've been fascist ever since ww1 . 
  you like killing minorities and neighbours except the hungarians and slovenes maybe . 
  you speak the same language as your hated archenemies , the serbs , but all hell breaks lose if someone says so ... i 'll just show myself out then . 
  excellent summary . 
  ca n't afford an xbox ? 
  burn the whole fucking city down !, 
  yes , i am looking at you , london . 
  and some tuting !, 
  2 things * german prices already were quite high before `` solar subsidizing '' began and without subsidizing would still be somewhere around 19-22 cent * transporting energy is not at all easy peasy but requires a well developed network . 
  europe generally has that but there are also quite a few bottlenecks . 
  energy is traded and transported ( not the same thing ) a lot over borders but that mostly benefits the providers . 
  yes , we had the zweite lautverschiebung that among many other things turned appel into apfel and water into wasser ( yes german and english are indeed the same language if you squint at it the right way  ) to elaborate : we turned plosives into fricatives or affricates in most positions . 
  you really want to know more ? 
  okay , here you go : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_german_consonant_shift, 
  oh the horrors you 've been spared . 
  what i have been offered filed under `` pickle '' ( in germany ) . 
  well , if you have a steamboat ( dampfschiff ) going up and down the river ( schifffahrt ) danube ( donau ) and a company ( gesellschaft ) that owns this ship ( schiff ) and , obviously , would have a captain ( kapit\u00e4n ) in its employ , then yes , you could call this captain , technically and grammatically correct , a donaudampfschifffahrtsgesellschaftskapit\u00e4n . 
  i am not sure we still have steamboats on the danube and in any case the word probably has never been in serious use . 
  and of course the full word is donaudampfschifffahrtsgesellschaftskapit\u00e4nsm\u00fctzenanstecknadelspitze , adding `` tip of the pin attached to the hat of the captain . '', 
  we changed the writing rules a few years back . 
  so that 's why it was okay the us supported chile - because they did everything in the book except genocide . . mkay, 
   kills reason also , there is a difference between supporting and `` we prefer a weak britain because a strong britain will come back and outright kill us and our small freedom just won in a bloody civil-ish war . '',
