  rape is coerced sex . 
  figuring out when it 's coerced is really not rocket science . 
  affirmative consent is an absurd notion invented by ideologues who have clearly never had sex or are willfully ignoring what they know sex is actually like . 
  intoxication does n't remove the capacity to consent , either . 
  only if the person is impaired ( blind drunk or unconscious ) are they incapable of consenting and therefore having sex with them is rape . 
   i look back and realise i actually watched a guy getting raped please tell me you 're being sarcastic . 
  edit : could someone explain the downvoting ? 
  what did i say ? 
  to clarify - no , i do n't believe * choosing * to have regrettable sexual encounters while drunk means you were raped ( or else i was a serial rape victim in my early 20s ) . 
  yes , i was hoping rhy_t agrees with that and was being facetious about his friend . 
   i understand that 's the point you are trying to make , i just disagree with it based on my everyday experience living in the united states . 
  women can vote , women can own property , women can divorce at will , women are fully employed and have wage parity at almost all levels of income , women can and do run for public office , women can join the military , women have all rights that men do , forced marriage and polygamy are illegal , et cetera , et cetera . 
  the only concrete thing you can point to is that a portion of christians are attempting to legislate away access to abortion in some states . 
  yes , that 's a real problem , but it in no way creates an equivalence between the west and islam . 
  you 'd be far better off trying to point to catholic-majority countries where abortion is actually illegal , and you 'd still be engaging in whataboutism , because the muslim world is on average no better on the topic of abortion , but it also has all those other problems . 
   i disagree - but you knew that already . 
  what is it that you disagree with , exactly ? 
  you disagree with the idea of secularizing the muslim world ? 
  or you disagree with the idea that there 's a problem with mainstream islam ? 
  https://i.imgur.com/tzr5i61.png 1.1 billion want sharia . 
  750 million want death penalty for adultery . 
  584 million want death penalty for apostasy . 
  these scales do n't balance . 
  even if the entire western world banned abortion , women would still be orders of magnitude better off . 
   you are the one who is excusing the shit jews and christians are doing by framing it as somehow less extreme than what muslims are doing . 
  it is less extreme . 
  objectively so . 
  this is like talking to a wall . 
  i did n't miss indonesia . 
  https://www.hrw.org/news/2014/11/25/indonesian-womens-rights-under-siege virginity tests for public sector jobs . 
  much equal , so secularism , wow . 
  i just checked emt , and for a phone plan . 
  i think the computer/tablet plans usually have higher caps . 
  sure , just start calling it l\u00e4nsimeri and we 're good . 
  santorum and huckabee are unelectable fringe lunatics whose political careers exist to sell books to fringe lunatics . 
   sure - if you believe in whataboutism you can point to a country who may be worse in one regard over another , but to somehow make it seem as if christians and jews are these warriors for women and gay rights is to be blind of reality . 
  the fucking united states just legalized gay marriage throughout the country . 
  meanwhile being gay is a criminal offense in the vast majority of the muslim world . 
  it 's absolutely hilarious that you accuse me of whataboutism when that 's exactly what you are doing . 
  you 're deflecting criticism by tu quoque and false equivalence . 
  of course the western world has problems , but when you 're defending the egregiously worse problems of the islamic world by pointing at slight shortcomings of the west , then you 're doing exactly what `` whataboutism '' actually was . 
  as someone who was born and raised in the soviet union , i can assure you that the failings of the west are absolutely nothing compared to the inhuman prison societies of 20th century communism . 
  it 's as absurd as equating mel gibson with hitler because they both did something antisemitic . 
  malm\u00f5 , we have our own letter and we 're damn well gon na use it . 
   no - in the us they are trying to deny them access to it , not just who pays as part of obamacare . 
  not a week goes by that religious nutjobs do n't try to close down family planning services . 
  `` family planning services '' are abortion providers . 
  there is not a county in the us where selling condoms or prescribing birth control pills is illegal . 
   they are also forcing women to get invasive procedures - basically to have a wand ( ultrasound ) jammed up their vagina ( borderline rape ) - even though it has no medical purpose ... there is tons more of that happening in the usa , particularly the bible belt . 
  yes , i know , but all of that has to do with their opposition to abortion . 
   what you are doing is picking out the worst aspects of it and making it seem as if it 's like that everywhere . 
  turkey is a huge muslim country and none of that exists - in fact , from your own link less than 8 % of muslims support sharia . 
  turkey is a single country that has a specific history of anti-islamic secularization . 
  atat\u00fcrk went through a concerted effort to de-islamify the country . 
  the other muslim-majority countries that have low support for sharia are former soviet republics with half a century of state atheism . 
  look at muslims worldwide . 
  1.1 billion out of 1.6 billion support sharia . 
  the entire point i 'm making is that the medieval bullshit found in all three religions has been controlled in the west but not in the muslim world . 
  i am most certainly not making the point that muslims ca n't be secularized , because obviously they can . 
  just not by pretending the problem does n't exist . 
  we need more atat\u00fcrks who recognize the problem and fight it , and fewer reza aslans who pretend the problem does n't exist and 21st century islam is just hunky-dory . 
  if we create a malm\u00f6 from one of our cities , can we into nordic then ? 
   azarbejan granted women suffrage in 1918 - 2 years before the united states . 
  albania in 1920 , turkey 1930 first of all , these are explicitly secular countries with a history of de-islamification policies . 
  and second , read what i wrote again . 
  i did n't say `` no muslim-majority countries have universal suffrage '' . 
  i said `` pretty much zero '' have the same level of gender equality as the west . 
  `` pretty much zero '' allows for special exceptions like atat\u00fcrk 's secularized turkey and formerly soviet azerbaijan . 
  as to indonesia , it 's a fucking shitshow : https://www.hrw.org/news/2014/11/25/indonesian-womens-rights-under-siege and you really do n't want to use senegal as an example of islamic gender equality : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/women_in_senegal  as for the gender equality under the law ... i think it 's something the us still struggles with , as do many other countries . 
  you 're confusing culture with law . 
   do n't christians believe that eve was the one who corrupted adam and cast humans out of heaven ? 
  yes ? 
  and what the fuck does that have to do with the ** law ** in christian-majority countries ? 
  they also believe in talking snakes , but the us does n't legislate based on that , either . 
   sure , that 's not the prevalent view everywhere , but as someone living in the united states i see it all the time . 
  not in legislation you do n't . 
  there 's this thing called the 14th amendment . 
   you see it in the laws as well ... closing abortion clinics , closing family planning services - all in the name of religion and all being somewhat oppressive towards women . 
  yes , there 's a religious lobby that manages to close certain services intended for women only . 
  they overwhelmingly have to do with abortion , which is opposed on idiotic metaphysical grounds ( blastocysts have souls ) . 
  they have to circumnavigate roe v wade with zoning laws and ordnances because they ca n't actually ban these services , just make them too difficult to keep open . 
  the lady whose name you ca n't remember is sandra fluke . 
  while i completely agree that the christian lobby is too powerful on this particular issue , look at what you 're comparing . 
  in the us , the religious hindrances on women come from opposition to birth control being part of the mandatory insurance coverage provided by employers . 
  under sharia , women are property whose marriages are a contract between the groom and the guardian of the woman . 
  women are entitled to half the inheritance their brothers are . 
  women 's testimony in court is worth half that of a man 's ( as in you need two female witnesses to counter one male witness ) . 
  they can not get a divorce without consent of the husband ( or in special cases ) . 
  they can not refuse sex . 
  again , these are n't just cultural attitudes , these are binding laws . 
   you see it a lot among jewish communities ( especially orthodox ) ... 
  if by `` especially orthodox '' you mean `` only orthodox '' , then you have a point . 
  but again , talmudic law is not the law of the land in israel . 
  women are completely equal before the law of israel . 
  sharia is the law of the land in most muslim-majority countries . 
  and most importantly , the overwhelming majority of muslims support sharia . 
   denying women the right to contraceptives they 're not denying women the right to contraceptives , they 're opposed to mandating employers providing contraceptives . 
  there 's no movement to get rid of the pill . 
  `` generally favoring a subservient role for women '' is a rather vague critique , there 's certainly a cultural attitude that views a woman 's role as that of staying home to raise children , but there is zero support for legally mandating those roles . 
   but sharia law sounds much more sinister so i think people view it as much worse .
