  you 're a roman centurion standing at the rhine , fervently certain that your pax romana and latinization will be a boon to everyone you conquer , and those barbarian tribes are probably just bigoted assholes anyway . 
   the most perverted part of this whole discourse is that european cultural identity was never really at stake and still is n't estonian cultural identity is very much at stake , thanks to systemic russification and population displacement by the ussr in the 20th century , and low birth rates in the current century . 
  most of the people in this thread turning this discussion to `` zomg immigrants will destroy teh europes '' are people like you showing strawmen in front of yourself . 
  no one is saying that estonia is under threat by immigrant hordes . 
  we 're saying that an ethnic group of less than 1 million will die out if population decline is countered only by immigration . 
  it does not follow that if we just keep the darkies out we 'll be fine - quite the contrary , we 'll be even worse off because our economy will suffer , resulting in even fewer babies and more emigration . 
  you 're a fucking retard if you think the only two alternatives are predatory capitalism and a dictatorship of the proletariat . 
  i 'm * left-wing * when it comes to most policy , including economic . 
  my issue with you is that you 're being an apologist for one of the most toxic and bloody ideologies in human history . 
  understand that communism can not happen without eliminating all classes but the proletariat , and then violently ensuring everyone stays a part of it . 
  every single example of implementing a worker 's paradise in practice has led to totalitarianism . 
  and all of those implementations were cheered on by useful idiots who failed to see the inherent problem with the ideology itself , and here you are , 100 million corpses later , defending it still . 
  employ some fucking critical thinking instead of ideological blinders and think of how to * actually * solve the problems of poverty and inequality while retaining prosperity and freedom . 
  we 've fucking done it too , and it 's called the nordic model . 
  no matter your shangri-la intentions , what you 're currently doing is equivalent to defending naziism against a descendant of holocaust victims . 
  it 's abhorrent and you should be ashamed . 
   what about those who neither like nor identify with a traditional and conservative culture ? 
  why do you keep talking about `` conservative culture '' ? 
  what does this have to do with ethnolinguistic survival ? 
  not every culture is permeated with religious bullshit . 
  please note that the person you 're responding to quite likely does not speak english as a first language , so do n't bitch about their choice of vocabulary . 
  it 's pretty ironic to bitch at someone afraid of cultural hegemony about their lack of nuance when writing in your own native language , which happens to be the global lingua franca . 
  try to not assume the guy is a racist nazi and understand that there is a problem with non-assimilating enclaves in nation states with indigenous populations . 
  you 're living on land taken by force from a now nearly annihilated group of peoples , who have been relegated to enclaves of poverty , substance abuse , and misery , with their corrupt leadership running casinos . 
  they may or may not be against all forms of immigration , but there 's nothing wrong with being against non-assimilating immigration . 
  completely agreed . 
  again , i am * not against immigration * . 
  i 'm just pointing out that immigration alone is not enough . 
  i welcome immigrants , i want them to come here and assimilate and have lots of estonian-speaking babies of any skin color . 
  the more the merrier . 
  i literally explained how you were factually mistaken about what kulaks and dekulakization are and are not . 
  how magnanimous of you to declare that you do n't `` feel like '' arguing anymore , now that you do n't actually have any arguments except to complain about an offhand insult that preceded a statement of fact . 
   next time you argue against communism , try not to sound like mccarthy though . 
  if you think you 're scoring rhetorical points by throwing mccarthy at me when i have stalin , beria , and pol pot to throw back at you , then more power to you . 
  you despicable apologist for mass murder . 
  i understand it perfectly well . 
  the thing is that large nations can do this along with assimilation and be fine . 
  nations of 1 million with * negative growth * can not . 
   what / u/saltlets conveniently left out is that this sense of `` identity '' is a very narrow one and usually includes only the nationalists or the right wing in general . 
  please do not project your political nonsense on a country you know nothing about . 
  ethnicity is not a `` vague ideology '' . 
  it is the cultural and linguistic legacy of a people . 
  believing that this legacy is precious and worthy of protection does n't make me right-wing , let alone racist . 
  who , exactly , am i excluding here ? 
  did i say `` no immigrants allowed '' ? 
  i was just arguing that immigration alone is a losing strategy for preserving a people . 
  it obviously does n't follow that i want immigration stopped , just that i want birth rates to improve as well . 
  it 's also really fucking telling that the people in this thread taking offense to the idea of de jure protection of cultural identity are from cultures with de facto immunity based on sheer size . 
  greek culture is n't going anywhere whether you declare yourself a citizen of earth or a hellen . 
  the historical legacy of greece is n't going anywhere , because our entire civilization is built on what your ancestors accomplished . 
  hell , you could keep being as irrelevant as you 've been for the past millennium for the next one , and you 'll still be riding on that glory . 
   do you think you had no immigration back then or what . 
  practically none . 
  the only social strata with the luxury of mobility was the ruling class of nobles , usually from conquering germanic peoples . 
   is your culture so weak that you need to protect it from everyone ? 
  yes . 
  there 's fewer than 1 million of us , and especially in a globalizing world there 's little incentive for immigrants to assimilate . 
   you are not some freaking indigenous tribe yes , we actually fucking are an indigenous tribe . 
  we 've been here for literally thousands of years . 
   culture is evolving with time and immigrants help enhance your culture not destroy it or do you think you had the same fucking cultural heritage since the beginning of time ? 
  yes , dipshit , which is why i said i am not against immigration and instead welcome it . 
  my point was not hurr durr keep the darkies out , my point was that immigration is not the solution to our negative population growth . 
  we need to have more estonians * alongside with * immigration . 
   guess what , they have black president and their culture is still there . 
  stop being assholes to people from different countries . 
  ask the native americans how their culture is doing . 
  you 're so fucking stupid you 're literally using the greatest cultural genocide in recorded history as an example of how minority cultures have nothing to fear . 
  yes , of course the offshoot of the largest imperial power in history , and its language ( the most widely spoken in the world , and one we 're conversing in right now ) is not endangered . 
  read my fucking comment again and tell me where exactly i was advocating racism . 
  i specifically said immigrants having babies who assimilate and become part of our culture are just as estonian as anyone else . 
   why does it matter if they do it in your territory or not ? 
  because if group a has negative population growth inside a territory and group b has positive population growth inside a territory , eventually the territory will have nothing but group b. 
  our efforts to halt negative population growth should be focused on making group a reach a sustainable birth rate , not replacing our population with immigrants . 
  realize that there are fewer than 1 million estonians . 
  i meant what i said , people of baltic german descent . 
  obviously if they are still german-speakers and do n't consider themselves estonian , then they 're not estonian . 
  a large number of the leaders of our national awakening were of german descent . 
  whether they 're 1/32 or 1/4 or 1/1 does n't matter . 
  this is not a matter of genetics . 
  but they * are * a different kind of people . 
  we are not concerned that this particular geographic area has fewer humans on it , we 're concerned that the estonian people will die out . 
  our people existed as slaves and serfs to foreign lords for all of our recorded history except for a half century . 
  we were estonian before that word existed ( we called ourselves `` maarahvas '' , meaning `` people of the land '' ) , let alone the state that serves to ensure our survival . 
  the state of estonia is completely meaningless without the ethnocultural group it is constitutionally mandated to protect . 
  that 's not to say i 'm opposed to all immigration ( just the theocratic barbarians ) . 
  immigrants can and should enrich our society , and they can assimilate into our culture and their children will be just as estonian in the ethnocultural sense as anyone else . 
  we do n't consider descendants of baltic germans to be less estonian ; this is not some sort of nazi blood purity conception of a * volk * . 
  we want our population to grow because of a sustainable birth rate , not an influx of adults . 
  not that adults should n't come , but if that 's the only source of growth , we 're still fucked . 
  please do n't explain my own history to me , especially when you do n't know anything about it . 
  serfdom was abolished about 70 years before this . 
  dekulakization had fuck all to do with serfdom , because actual kulaks had n't existed for nearly a century . 
  it 's what the commies called any peasant who was making ends meet . 
  `` landed peasant '' means a peasant who after the abolition of serfdom purchased the land he was previously bound to as property and owned it himself . 
  basically a small farmer . 
  this is exactly how my grandmother 's family owned their farm , and why her parents were killed as `` kulaks '' when the red army invaded , because as usual they needed to rile up the layabouts and drunks who felt they were `` wronged '' by anyone who actually worked for a living . 
  it was class-based genocide . 
  it 's always been class-based genocide . 
  in what possible way is it counter-revolutionary ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dekulakization eradicating the landed peasantry was part and parcel of marxism-leninism .
