  it does n't * sound * more sinister , it is more sinister . 
  sharia is inherently misogynistic . 
  women do n't have anything remotely close to the same rights as men . 
  they can not get a divorce without the husband 's consent or in special circumstances ( cruelty ) . 
  their testimony is worth half that of a man 's . 
  their inheritance is half that of a man 's . 
  they can not refuse sex except during menstruation or the fasting hours of ramadan . 
  that quaint tradition of asking the father 's permission to marry his daughter ? 
  under sharia , that 's actually who gives consent . 
  the groom can give consent for himself , the guardian ( wali ) of the bride gives consent for the bride . 
  it explicitly treats women as property . 
  trying to draw equivalence between sharia and sunday shopping hours is absurd . 
  except that 's not what the situation is . 
  christianity and judaism do have misogynistic aspects to them but mainstream christians and mainstream jews believe in gender equality . 
  mainstream muslims do not . 
  pretty much every jewish majority or christian majority country has universal suffrage and absolute gender equality before the law . 
  pretty much zero muslim-majority countries do . 
  people do n't use them because they think they have functionality , they use them ironically or non-ironically to denote a slogan . 
  yeah , but the xenophobia blame is coming from themselves , we do n't fucking care . 
  we still can not into nordic but honestly we do n't really want to anymore . 
  we 're not that densely populated . 
  hungary has 109 people per square kilometer , estonia has 31 . 
  and most of western europe is from 200-500 . 
  we 're also not that small . 
  we 're bigger than denmark or the netherlands , or about half of hungary . 
  are the data caps that bad ? 
  it 's 30 euros a month for 50gb 4g here . 
  but it 's not about control , it 's about * presence * . 
  the us does n't control saudi arabia , they had military presence there at the invitation of the saudi royals . 
  `` your infidel presence defiles our holy land '' is not geopolitics . 
  it 's a religious grievance . 
  a geopolitical grievance would be `` israel is occupying the west bank in contravention to its recognized borders '' , but that 's not what the jihadis are demanding . 
  they 're demanding every jew be driven into the sea . 
  israel is not an apartheid state . 
  it 's a democracy with guarantees of religious freedom . 
  there is no reasonable justification for calling for its removal because it 's not hostile to arabs . 
  20 % of israeli citizens are arabs , mostly sunni muslim , and an overwhelming majority of them ( 83 % ) prefer to remain under israeli governance because they value democracy and modernity . 
  there are 17 arab members of parliament ( out of 120 ) . 
  and this after half a century of hamas suicide bombing israeli civilians . 
  do you see that changing anytime soon ? 
  no , it 's people who reduce islamism to terrorism who are ignoring reality . 
  islamic terrorism is not motivated by geopolitical grievances . 
  it is not revenge for the mistreatment of muslims . 
  the two grievances often cited are israel/palestine and al qaeda 's demand to remove us forces from saudi arabia . 
  both are religious grievances . 
  the presence of infidels on holy lands . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/7897848/caroline-spelman-wearing-burka-can-be-empowering.html http://edition.cnn.com/2010/world/europe/02/04/france.burqa.ban/ http://www.smh.com.au/news/opinion/behind-the-veil-lives-a-thriving-muslim-sexuality/2008/08/29/1219516734637.html, 
   who are both terrorists . 
  i explained why i do n't think they are , or at least why i think there 's a distinction . 
   a single jihadist suicide bomber would also be considered a terrorist . 
  but they never are . 
  there 's always an organization/cell behind it . 
  there was no organization behind breivik or kaczynski . 
   not really , as they 're not making as much of an ideological point . 
  breivik was trying to advance a particular political ideology , not just saying `` fuck the system , the president must die '' . 
  someone like john wilkes booth could be classified as a terrorist today , too . 
  booth was n't acting alone though , he had co-conspirators . 
  look , i 'm not trying to downplay kaczynski and breivik , i just think there 's a significant enough difference between a lone actor and someone involved in a terrorist * organization * or movement , even if the motives and actions are similar . 
  a good example is timothy mcveigh . 
  he acted alone in the bombing , but he was radicalized by an existing movement and had co-conspirators . 
  that movement has/had the potential to spawn more attacks , because they were ideologically at `` war '' with the zog or whatever the hell those survivalist loons believe . 
  as far as i 'm aware , there 's no anti-cultural-marxist-feminist-multiculturalist-whatever movement advocating the preemptive murder of its ideological enemies , nor is there a luddite paramilitary group vying to bring down technological society . 
  breivik was a lone crazy person , like the unabomber . 
  `` terrorism '' has connotations of organization , to me at least . 
  otherwise would n't most spree killers be `` terrorists '' ? 
  if it must involve a political goal , would n't crazy people who assassinate presidents for imaginary political ends count as `` terrorists '' ? 
  i think my bottom line is that it takes more than one person to qualify for an '' - ism '' label . 
  wahhabism began in the late 1700s . 
  the problem is n't really funding . 
  there are plenty of other immigrant groups that integrate perfectly well without any effort on the part of the host countries ( east asians for instance ) . 
  the problem is that there 's a significant segment of the left who 've subscribed to moral relativism so hard they 're defending the niqab as `` female empowerment '' . 
  as long as we hold immigrants to different standards of civilization , they wo n't integrate . 
  absolutely no modern european would get away with arranged marriages , dressing their daughters in potato sacks , or fgm - yet it happens within muslim enclaves all over europe . 
  fgm was criminalized in the uk 30 years ago but only one case has ended up in court , this year . 
  meanwhile 55,000 girls in the uk have had their clitorises removed at the behest of their families . 
  why should i believe it will be different this time , when there will be even fewer resources to go around ? 
  i actually honestly do n't know if marine le pen is a racist . 
  i do n't speak french so i 've never heard her speak her mind , all i have to go by is left-wing media painting her as hitler 's second coming . 
  if i were to guess , i would say no . 
  she 's probably a nationalist who wants to keep france culturally french , but that 's not racism , regardless of multicultist hyperbole . 
  but this is not an educated guess . 
  what i do know is that most `` far-right '' parties are just moderate center-right nationalists , and i do n't believe that makes them nazis any more than being a social democrat makes one a stalinist . 
  yeah , but the same standards generally do n't apply to people who are already members . 
  once you 're in you can go full greece and forget all about a sustainable economic policy , for instance . 
  true , jobbik appear to be actual nazis . 
  which makes it even more annoying that they 're lumping the sweden democrats in with them . 
  they 're certainly a bit too socially conservative for my tastes , but that does n't make them nazis . 
  yeah , i 'm not using the subjunctive mood because it 's not a hypothetical ( in the grammatical sense ) but an unknown . 
  the subjunctive would mean `` i know she 's not a racist , but even if she were '' . 
  i used the indicative mood to mean `` i do n't know if she 's a racist or not , but either way - x '' . 
  first of all , expressing my incredulity at the semi-coherent ramblings of google grammarian by using the word `` fuck '' does not mean i 'm beside myself with anger . 
  second , you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  you 're trying to criticize my use of the indicative mood instead of the subjunctive mood by talking about conditional types , which have absolutely nothing to do with the nature of the if-clause itself . 
  using the subjunctive mood ( `` even if marine le pen were a vile racist '' ) would actually not be neutral - it would imply that i definitely do not believe she is a racist and am strictly making a hypothetical statement . 
  using the indicative mood ( `` even if marine le pen was/is a vile racist '' ) means she could be one , but could also not be one . 
  of course it 's hypothetical . 
  all conditionals are hypothetical , or they would n't be conditionals . 
  `` even if she is '' does not mean `` even though she is '' . 
  what the actual fuck are you talking about ? 
  if i wanted to say i believe marine le pen is unequivocally a racist , i would have used `` even though '' .
