  whether the sentence is a zero conditional or a first conditional has absolutely nothing to do with the condition itself , only its relation to the subsequent clause . 
  what you appear to be arguing is that conditionals are n't conditional if they 're `` zero conditional '' , which is nonsense . 
  and `` even if '' means the condition has no effect on the subsequent clause , anyway . 
  i am basically saying `` whether x is true or false , y will not happen '' . 
  the only concrete statement is about the clause y , i 'm saying nothing about x. 
  there is no difference in meaning between `` if she is '' and `` if she were '' . 
  in fact i used the correct tenses , simple present to simple future . 
  that 's basically it . 
  the `` hard right '' in europe is labeled racist , and there certainly are some racists among them , but that 's irrelevant . 
  i am not politically on the same page with them , but painting them as barely contained nazis just itching to fire up the ovens is left-wing demagoguery . 
  we 'd accept you quite happily if you pulled out of cyprus and did n't have a large number of islamists among you . 
   as a student i am sick of collecting 50 pages of documents and pay 75euros every time i want to go to schengen region . 
  we were sick of it too , so we got our country in order and met the economic and political requirements for joining . 
  whereas turkey keeps forgetting what made them the success story of the islamic world in the 20th century ( secularization ) and votes in islamists like erdogan . 
  they did n't deny membership because of terrorism , but the rather the menderes government going counter to atat\u00fcrk 's secularization and censoring the press . 
  clearly a country where the military staged a coup one year after the application was n't stable enough to enter the eec . 
  well , the southern coast touristy areas are pretty nice , too . 
  that 's because even if marine le pen is a vile racist , she 's not going to be throwing people off buildings . 
  i was referring to cops , not national guard . 
  they 're cute as fuck , should both clarify your infidel status and work as a magnet for female attention . 
  i 'd rather have actual military than meter maids who think they 're military . 
  oh , i do n't disagree at all that the proportion of isis supporters among european muslims is very high . 
  it 's just that the poll has obvious incongruities with reality . 
  i will always support military action against genocidal lunacy , but if boots are going on the ground i want to see a sane post-war plan with multilateral commitment to actually seeing it through , unlike the fucking iraq fiasco . 
   ( i like my beard , not gon na shave because of some assholes ) . 
  i 'm not muslim or religious at all but i sence the eyes looking at me when i 'm outside , in the subway etc. 
  get a pet miniature pig and walk around carrying it . 
  probably because 15 % of france is more people than they have muslims , so there 's at least some sampling error somewhere . 
  probably a sampling error skewed towards certain population centers . 
  1000 refugees are n't a problem . 
  but the idea that it will stop at 1000 is naivete of the highest order . 
  there are millions upon millions coming and western europe has nowhere to put them . 
  there 's also the very real issue of xenophobic attitudes towards these muslims . 
  i have no magic wand to wave that will make our already suspicious-of-foreigners population suddenly embrace followers of islam , who are n't exactly a group with amazing pr right now . 
  the lefty strategy of screaming `` racism !, 
  wo n't change any minds here , we 're not sweden . 
  i do n't really have a solution except to say that if these people are fleeing for their lives , then they should accept that we 're a secular country and being overtly islamic here is not going to work out to anyone 's benefit . 
  there are plenty of hijab-friendly countries they elected to pass through , this is n't one of them and wo n't become one if i can help it . 
  why acknowledge it when you can just yell `` islamophobia !, 
  it 's almost as if those numbers are n't an asspull and reflect actual attitudes among hundreds of millions of muslims . 
  our country is de facto bilingual . 
  the only difference is that we do n't offer russian-only public education , you ca n't work in the public sector without knowing estonian , and citizenship requires basic knowledge of estonian . 
  these laws exist to protect the survival of our language and culture . 
  there are fewer than a million estonian-speakers in the world , and the soviet union tried to do to us what russia 's still doing to linguistic minorities within russia - eradicate our language and culture through state-imposed russification . 
  the russian language and culture are in zero danger of dying . 
  every estonian-born russian has access to russian-language media , russian-language literature is published both here and in their ancestral homeland to the east . 
  there are some cities where hardly anyone speaks estonian and they may as well not be in the same country as me . 
  that 's what integration and language laws are trying to prevent happening in the rest of the country , and it 's succeeding . 
  20 years ago it was n't uncommon to be stopped by a police officer who did n't speak my language . 
  today it does n't happen . 
  20 years ago some parts of tallinn were so monolingual that you could n't get served in estonian , today that does n't happen . 
  that 's not because we ejected russians from these positions , but because they learned estonian . 
  we have russians in government , i work alongside russians every day . 
  i do n't see any more monolingual ethnic russians under the age of 40 . 
  it 's working . 
  that is n't remotely what i proposed , but if it makes you feel better about yourself to place me in the `` stupid bigot '' mental box and avoid thought , then have at it . 
  good thing ignoring everything i said and going off on a tangent . 
   take in the refugees , educate them , feed them , help them islamism is not defeated through education and material prosperity . 
  the 19 hijackers who flew airliners into buildings were highly educated , wealthy people . 
  islamism is theocracy , and it 's defeated through secularization . 
  this is something which europe ca n't manage , since they 're so engrossed by their benevolent bigotry that they view brown people with terrible ideas as poor victims who just need to be given some blankets and literacy . 
   the middle eastern islamic empires were one of the most progressive and tolerant places to grace this earth . 
  this is ahistoric horseshit . 
  they were not progressive and tolerant , they were just relatively more so than europe . 
  read this : http://www.jadaliyya.com/pages/index/17192/beyond-tolerance-and-intolerance_deconstructing-th  it will take time and will not be easy , but it is far better than being hateful and trying to rid the problem with inaction and ignoring the root cause . 
  the only one ignoring the root cause here is you and people who think like you . 
  the region is a shithole because of theocracy , it 's not theocratic because it 's a shithole . 
  `` inaction '' is not confronting this ideology . 
  `` inaction '' is not using the fact that we are free , safe , and prosperous to illustrate that secularism , pluralism , and liberal democracy are the reasons for our success and giving a home ( temporary or permanent ) to people in the most repressive part of the world who agree to adopt those values . 
   well first off you are saying muslims are worse than other people , congratulations . 
  yes . 
  `` muslim '' means `` person who believes in islam '' , and i consider islam to be a nearly indefensible belief to hold . 
  any devout muslim is most likely a complete asshole . 
  i am not saying arabs or syrians are worse than other people , just the ones who have barbaric ideologies . 
  i also think most fundamentalist christians are worse than other people , as well as nazis , stalinists , maoists , and a whole host of other fucktards . 
   just because we are taking muslims does n't mean we are n't taking anyone else . 
  do you want to forcibly remove them or what ? 
  if they want to keep women in sacks , then yes . 
   another thing you 're saying is that when taking in refugees we go through everyone crossing the border and only throw the muslims out . 
  other than that being rather prejudiced it is also completely unfeasible because there is no way all of them can be identified . 
  i 'm saying that we should n't let anyone across the border without going through the same vetting process any legitimate immigrant goes through . 
  background checks and interviews for everyone . 
  even if a few fundamentalists get through , that 's not enough to create an enclave of radicalism . 
   finally you claim that muslims radicalize as much in the west as they do in the middle east which is just not true . 
  the majority of terrorist training camps are in the middle east completely unmonitored whilst in europe this will be far more difficult due to surveillance . 
  radicalization ! = training camps . 
  and i did n't say they radicalize `` as much '' , i just said they radicalize , which is an incontrovertible fact punctuated with 128 innocent lives last night . 
   it seems the french value of equality has already been abandoned due to you being scared of terrorists . 
  that just confirms to the terrorists that their values are worth fighting for and that we are n't prepared to uphold our own values to the slightest . 
  i ca n't believe europeans are this incapable of upholding their values . 
  that 's just a load of vacuous crap . 
  there 's nothing `` equal '' about holding brown people to lower standards of behavior . 
  since when do `` our values '' include respecting a medieval ideology that views women as the property of men , denounces freedom of speech at pain of death , and wants to institute a theocracy ? 
  `` muslim '' is not a race . 
  it 's not an ethnicity . 
  it 's not something inborn . 
  it 's an ideology completely at odds with secular , liberal societies , and we should n't allow masses of people who firmly believe in that ideology to come here . 
  reformed , secularized muslims who treat their religion as seriously as religious europeans do theirs ? 
  the more the merrier . 
  non-muslim middle-easterners ?
