   not implied consent , or allowing it to just happen , actual consent . 
  if the guy was too drunk to remember ? 
  well tough shit , rapist . 
  nowhere in the law does it state anything of the sort . 
  i wo n't automatically doubt this , considering the nonsense going on in campuses , but can you point me to any specific cases where this has happened to a student ? 
  as in two people are drinking , have consensual sex , and the girl cries rape the next day and the dude is expelled ? 
  would n't honestly surprise me if it happens , considering that a man 's life was utterly destroyed in canada for disagreeing with feminists on twitter . 
  please point me to a single court case where someone was charged for rape because they had sex while drunk with a drunk woman . 
  i have friends who live and work in the uk , i 've visited london and cardiff several times and people were drinking and hooking up in bars and pubs like anywhere else . 
  then whenever you 're from had its laws written by idiots . 
  by this logic , bars can only sell you one drink . 
  by this logic i can go to a restaurant , order wine , drink it , then order food and refuse to pay for anything but the wine . 
  the only time intoxication can invalidate a contract is if the person is intoxicated deliberately and against their will by the other party . 
  they really ca n't outside of campus hugboxes . 
  no court of law would prosecute a man for rape because he had drunken sex with a consenting drunk woman . 
  just steer clear of the rainbow-haired tumblrinas and you 'll be fine . 
  i 'm well aware , but womyn 's centers in american colleges do n't write legislation quite yet . 
  her being drunk or not does n't make her a rapist . 
  that 's an absurd notion . 
  the guy got drunk and did something he would n't do while sober . 
  this is the sole purpose of getting drunk in the first place . 
  if a guy gets drunk and buys his friends drinks , are his friends robbing him ? 
  if a guy gets drunk and picks a fight , is he an innocent victim of assault ? 
  if a guy gets drunk and makes a stupid bet with a sober person , is the sober person guilty of fraud ? 
  if a guy gets drunk and draws a penis on his own face , do you blame the marker ? 
  drunk people are able to consent , unless they 're so shitfaced they ca n't speak or do n't know which way is up . 
  if the guy can find the hole , he 's sober enough to choose whether he sticks his dick in it . 
  in no other context does intoxication absolve someone from making informed choices . 
  you do n't get to down a few pints , buy a round for everyone , and then demand your money back the next day because it was an uninformed financial decision , and file a criminal complaint against the bar because you were `` robbed '' . 
  in fact , the very act of drinking is an informed decision to lower your inhibitions and behave in ways you necessarily would n't while sober . 
  it 's not an accident sexually active single people of both sexes look for partners in drinking establishments . 
  what i said is `` please tell me you 're being sarcastic '' in response to that welsh guy , because i did n't think he was actually serious in implying that his friend was `` raped '' because he was drunk and fucked a fat girl . 
  i have no idea what people are finding so controversial about this . 
   erm no it means stop . 
  it sure as shit does n't when i 'm having sex with my wife and she does n't want me to go down on her quite yet but will five minutes later . 
  i do n't need to get out the cunnilingus consent forms if she told me `` no '' but we kept making out . 
  you edited out the rest of my point , which was that consent is n't anywhere near complicated . 
  instead of `` i do n't wan na '' , someone actually opposed to the idea will say `` do n't touch me '' . 
  it 's exceedingly apparent from tone , body language and the content of what 's being said whether consent exists . 
   the annoying thing is when women say no because they want men to force themselves on them , to play rough , but you either find out you raped them at the end , or get an upset look `` why did you stop ? '', 
  before you start . 
  this does n't happen unless lax definitions of `` force '' are taken to absurd extremes . 
  explicit consent is not necessary in most cases . 
  neurologically healthy people can figure things out from context . 
   i do n't know chief - whatever i was quoting - i do n't print out all of your comments for reference . 
  pro tip : click on the `` context '' button under the post instead of flipping your shit and resorting to insults . 
   no my dumb friend - i have said repeatedly that 's not a problem and is a good thing . 
  you were responding to me saying we need to secularize the islamic world instead of claiming there 's nothing wrong with them . 
   i did n't mention islam - you did my dimwitted friend . 
  i simply said that jews and christians both in distant history as well as in recent history have done enough damage to women 's rights and gay rights that it is funny to hear them present themselves as defenders of women and gays . 
  you said , and i quote : * `` i always find it weird when jews or christians criticize muslims for how they treat women ... '' * * `` it 's like watching three abusive boyfriends argue about who beats their girlfriend the least ... '' * this is equivocating . 
  that 's what we 're arguing about , your equivocation of islamic misogyny with christian/jewish misogyny . 
  one is an overwhelming facet of islamic mainstream beliefs , the other is a dying and neutered fringe belief that only has narrow success in the us because they 've attached their wagon to the `` baby killing '' abortion crusade . 
   do you want me to write it in russian ? 
  i do n't speak russian , so i 'm not sure where that came from . 
  let 's stick to english , as it 's a language we share , even though your grasp of it seems more tenuous than mine . 
   i say jews and christians treat women and gays poorly - you say what about the muslims . 
  what about them ? 
  they are shitty too - but that does n't make the christians good . 
  they are not `` shitty too '' . 
  they are far , far shittier . 
  i am not defending christians and jews ( i oppose both religions ) , i am attacking your position of false equivalence . 
  modern islam is orders of magnitude worse than modern christianity and judaism . 
  this is objectively true . 
  i am not defending the latter two , i am attacking the former . 
   again what do you not understand ? 
  why are you harassing me with nonsense ? 
  if you do n't like discussing your opinions , do n't express them on a discussion board . 
  if you do n't want me to talk to you , stop responding . 
   nobody said women are not better off in the west ... are you drunk/high ? 
  that 's the fucking point though . 
  your `` three abusive boyfriends '' analogy is absurd equivocation . 
  this is not a case of three abusive boyfriends , this is a case of two slightly sexist boyfriends who have archaic ideas of gender roles and a violent serial rapist boyfriend who forces women into potato sacks . 
  what we 're talking about here is christian/jewish countries in general versus muslim countries in general . 
  those are the boyfriends in this analogy . 
  there are egalitarian , liberal-minded muslims in all the latter countries , and there are misogynistic shitheads in all the former ones . 
  what matters is the proportion . 
  what matters is degree . 
  what matters is what gets legislated and enforced based on mainstream opinion . 
   i do n't need to google for you as well do i ? 
  trust me - there is even more shit against gays - especially from the evangelical christians in the us you do n't need to educate me about christian bigotry in the us . 
  i 'm well aware of it ( i 'm married to an american from the bible belt ) . 
  i have never denied that bigotry exists in the us , nor have i said it 's not a problem that needs to be addressed . 
  and i thought it would get through to you . 
  mel gibson is an alcoholic who said some antisemitic things while drunk . 
  he 's utterly inconsequential . 
  hitler systematically killed 6 million jews . 
  he 's extremely dangerous . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  what happened is two drunk people had sex . 
   is willingness consent ? 
  yes . 
   is consent to kiss also consent to fondle ? 
  yes , until told otherwise . 
   is consent to fondle consent to take off a shirt ? 
  yes , until told otherwise . 
   because once someone tells you `` no i do n't want to '' at any point it 's very clear what the deal is . 
  is it though ? 
  does n't that go against the entire idea of foreplay ? 
  `` no i do n't want to '' can imply `` not yet , kiss my neck some more first '' .
