  i 'll be the first to fight the handful of actual racists who would keep good people out because they 're a different color or speak a different language . 
  i do n't think the two things are really related , in that they want to attack us because we 're crusaders and they do n't really care either way about refugees . 
  you 're ascribing too much strategic thinking to rabid religious lunacy . 
  but there are certainly jihadist thinkers who view increasing the muslim population of europe as a strategic victory . 
  they can see europe is n't bending over backwards to integrate muslims , which leads to discontented enclaves , and home-grown radicals are behind every terror attack we 've seen , with occasional outside help . 
  oh we 'll definitely try to integrate . 
  but the problem is the eu is already wary of us trying to integrate our russian minority , and they 're as lily white as we are . 
  if we start telling brown people how we expect them to act , those western europeans will start projecting their colonial guilt on us . 
  currently , there 's so few immigrants in our country that integration is just a necessity for survival . 
  and all who came here wanted to come here , work hard and contribute to society . 
  if we get a sudden influx of people who were promised an easy life in the scandinavian welfare paradise , and they find themselves in this grim , frigid neoliberal society , things might get pretty ugly . 
  if there 's enough of them to form an enclave and not feel a real pressure to adopt this as a new home and a new culture , then i fear the exact same thing will take root that takes root among all people who feel disenfranchised - extremism . 
  and we all know that extremism wo n't be something relatively harmless like football hooliganism or voting for populist demagogues . 
  why on earth would they not want refugees in europe ? 
  those refugees who stay increase the pool of locals who are susceptible to radicalization . 
  unless the immigrants are completely secularized ( which is n't happening ) , they will remain muslims , self-segregate , and especially the second generation will grow up with a huge ideological chip on their shoulders , as is apparent in the uk and france . 
  nice theory , except when we let them in , they still get radicalized and recruited . 
  that 's because the idea of wanting immigrants to integrate into the host culture is now considered racist , so large swaths of european muslims keep holding the exact same ideas that made their original homes theocratic hellholes . 
  i support middle eastern immigration . 
  i do not support muslim immigration , considering 76 % of middle eastern muslims support sharia law , 49 % of them support sharia applying to non-muslims , and 56 % support executing apostates . 
  the chances of only getting the 25 % of them who are reasonably civilized are rather low . 
  how about we take in their persecuted minorities and apostates instead ? 
  source : http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/, 
  yes , but a very large portion of muslims hold the same dangerous beliefs that result in jihadism . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ 56 % of middle eastern muslims agree with executing apostates , as do about 576 million muslims globally . 
  that 's nothing compared to support for sharia law ( theocracy ) , which is 2/3 of all muslims . 
  there are also levies that are basically targeted taxation . 
  i ca n't get a form of id without paying a levy , and if i put myself in a situation where the government is forced to issue an id for me , i would owe said levy . 
  and they could confiscate property if i was n't able to pay . 
  anyway , i do n't see the point in commenting on this anymore without knowing the details of what the confiscation is supposed to cover . 
  the linked article mentions nothing about confiscation . 
  no , confiscation is not a punitive measure , it 's collecting what was owed . 
  imprisonment and fines are punitive measures . 
  and again , if you do n't pay taxes and do n't have money to pay for them , your property will be confiscated in lieu of money . 
  what do you think tax auctions are ? 
  all tax is confiscatory , what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  try not paying it `` voluntarily '' , your bank accounts are frozen and the money is taken by force . 
  no , this attack was due to the previous flows of refugees and economic immigrants who were n't integrated into french society and became radicalized islamists . 
  that 's what most people wary of these immigrants are worried about . 
  we see what 's happening in countries that already have significant muslim populations . 
  we noticed theo van gogh stabbed in the chest in broad daylight . 
  we noticed 7/7 . 
  we noticed charlie hebdo . 
  i feel sorry for the syrian immigrants who are honestly trying to flee an untenable situation , but i ca n't pretend we have some magic filter that only lets in harmless people with harmless ideas . 
  i 'll happily take a tax increase to fund building more refugee camps in the region , but millions upon millions of them coming to europe is not acceptable . 
  they need to be turned back and they need to go through the proper channels of asylum seeking so they can be vetted . 
  the attackers were n't `` french '' . 
  they were french citizens . 
  why do you think people are against unlimited immigration ? 
  because in 20 years you can point to a radicalized sunni arab with a polish passport and say `` the attacker was polish !, 
  i agree it wo n't work , although i 'm not exactly saying invasion is the only option . 
  iran seems to be slowly improving from within . 
  plenty of places can improve from within . 
  we just need to stop tolerating things like the house of saud exporting wahhabism across the region . 
  the realpolitik of keeping psychotic despots in power with no caveats for human rights and eventual secularization is as untenable as introducing democracy to illiberal societies with barely contained sectarian hatred . 
  if some places are beyond broken , and we invade , we need to help govern . 
  we should n't have gone into iraq , but once there , it should have been partitioned into at least three nations , instead of saying `` here , majority shi'a country who 's been ruled by a repressive sunni minority , a voting booth - have fun ! '' . 
  democracy is a means , not an end . 
  it 's a mechanism to safeguard established secularism and human rights , not a mechanism to bring those things about . 
  am i advocating colonialism ? 
  i guess i am , in some places . 
  i do n't see another option . 
  i think a coalition of civilized , secular nations would not repeat the racist atrocities of 19th century colonialists . 
  do i think there 's any way for that to be a politically viable plan ? 
  not yet , but it certainly will be once the situation gets bad enough . 
  and it keeps getting worse . 
  the taliban and isis are n't cultural vectors that are capable of self-correcting into functioning liberal democracies . 
  that 's not the logic they 're following , exactly . 
  see my responses to elvadia28 . 
  stop trying to view their actions through the prism of your own secular thinking . 
  think of something that would upset you emotionally so much you could kill a person for it . 
  someone rapes and murders your child , and you catch them . 
  now realize that these people have been indoctrinated since birth to view their religious identity the way we naturally feel towards our children or loved ones . 
  they 're not shouting `` allahu akbar '' before they detonate the bomb vest because they ca n't think of anything better to say , they 're screaming it the way you 'd scream your child 's name as you kill their murderer . 
  they only need to convince the same type of people who commit war crimes when their enemies are dehumanized and they 're told the cause is noble . 
  and they have amazing incentives - the promise of martyrdom and the incessant focus on defending the most important thing in the universe from defilement . 
  the majority of their job is done for them by non-radical but conservative muslims who condemn isis and terrorism , but agree with all of the notions of blasphemy and theocratic law . 
  conservative religion , especially islam with its strong political overtones , is extremely totalitarian . 
  every aspect of life must be viewed through this prism , so it becomes the very core of your identity . 
  and then you 're subjected to constant propaganda , telling you how that identity is wronged and violated by subhuman scum . 
  would you kill a crazed man who was about to slaughter your family ? 
  would you even sacrifice your life to save them ? 
  most of us would . 
  now imagine people for whom there are things much , much more important and emotionally significant than their families . 
  things they 've been brainwashed to revere since birth . 
   what we need is for muslim countries to demand secular education to prevent radicalization . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
  you ca n't demand that in places where extremists are in charge of who gets to speak . 
  secularists and islamists are both a sizable minority among muslims , but the latter use violence and persecuting any perceived blasphemy/apostasy to control what you can and ca n't say . 
  and the majority of non-radical but conservative muslims agree with them on the evils of secularism and religious reform . 
  the entire secular world needs to get its shit together and force the political leadership in those countries to reform , and if they refuse , invade and nation build for a generation or two , not half-ass it for a single political cycle . 
  the house of saud needs to be given the option of being launched into the fucking sun , or keep funding wahabi madrassas across the region . 
  this is not politically viable right now , but there will be a breaking point . 
  europe will vote in more and more right wing parties as this shit keeps happening . 
  this will never stop unless we defeat islamism and its theocracies . 
  i 'm 35 and this shit has been going on since before i was born , and it keeps getting worse . 
  we 're defeating ourselves and we 're letting the decent , secular people in those countries ( muslim or otherwise ) down by not having a goddamn backbone about this , and believing the mewling of the far left identity politickers who claim islam has nothing to do with it and secularism is a western value we have no right on `` imposing '' on others . 
  is this an example of a baltic introvert 's idea of a threat ? 
  `` not only will i eat my hat , but i 'll go and socialize with other human beings ! '', 
  i 'm going to assume this declaration is a tongue-in-cheek demonstration of the stereotype that you 're all crazy pinko left wing nutjobs .
