   that 's the most voiced concern about direct democracy , actually - that people ca n't be trusted to govern themselves . 
  why not ? 
  because `` governing ourselves '' is a meaningless turn of phrase . 
  of course i trust people to govern themselves , in that i 'm confident that 99 % of adults are capable of making their own choices in how they lead their lives . 
  the primary job of a government is to allocate tax money into infrastructure and social programs , to enact and enforce laws , and maintain foreign relations . 
  i am not qualified to make most of those decisions , nor can i be expected to . 
  it 's impossible for one person to be well enough informed about these things to make competent decisions . 
  it takes an amazing amount of hubris to think that you 're any different . 
   the pirates are proposing an interesting concept called ` liquid ' or ` delegative democracy ' , in which , to put it shortly , you ` lend ' your vote to a person who you think knows enough of the subject at hand to ultimately decide in your favour . 
  how is that better than voting for a party that most closely matches your values and overall vision of progress ? 
  again , i do n't believe any one person ( even someone who spends all of their time on governance ) is qualified to make decisions in anything but a narrow field . 
  a competent party in a parliamentary system has experts in each field who make policy recommendations , and then parliamentary votes are cast along party and coalition lines . 
  why the everloving hell would i want to give every voter the power to veto these decisions on the fly ? 
  how are they qualified to do so ? 
  we vote every 4 years based on the cumulative outcome of a governments decisions , and that itself is a compromise . 
  4-5 years is too short for some long-term decisions to carry themselves out , but since a coalition is judged on the sum of their accomplishments , it 's generally enough time for us to make a somewhat informed decision on their overall performance . 
  most people agree that populism is bad . 
  why is it suddenly good when you empower it down to individual policy decisions and call it `` direct democracy '' ? 
  is it really that flattering to your ego to think of yourself as qualified to make decisions about monetary politics or infrastructure investments ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with those arguments . 
  democracy is anything but perfect . 
  it 's just that the alternatives are worse . 
  pure democracy is mob rule , or as franklin put it - two wolves and a lamb voting on what 's for supper . 
  that 's why we invented representative democracy and constitutions that guarantee rights which ca n't be violated by a simple majority vote . 
  we probably have a difference in values . 
  i do not think the government carrying out the will of the people is a virtue . 
  in fact i think the will of the people is just about the scariest motivation behind a body that has a monopoly on enforcing its rules with violence ( that 's what laws actually are ) . 
  what 's important is the * consent * of the people , and the ability of the people to vote out governments whose decisions do n't result in good outcomes . 
  the death penalty was abolished in most eu countries well before doing so was a majority opinion among the public in those countries . 
  please explain why that would have been a decision better made via referendum . 
  i will never vote for any party that advocates direct democracy . 
  i think the entire idea is ludicrous . 
  decisions should be made by experts , not laypeople with bees in their bonnets about something . 
  the point of democracy is to give consent to be governed , not to govern by the biggest possible committee of ill-informed knee-jerkers . 
  what i would support is requiring expertise and experience in the area that a government minister is put in charge of . 
  doctors in charge of healthcare , scientists in charge of science , etc. 
  no career politicians . 
  with direct democracy , no unpopular decisions could ever be taken , even if they 're extremely beneficial in the long term . 
  i trust my neighbors to be good at the one thing they 're good at , i do n't trust them ( or myself ) to decide over things they ( or i ) know nothing about . 
  we are not fucking western societies . 
  `` western '' is a codeword for `` post-colonial '' . 
  we are not responsible for your collective guilt . 
  yes , and then let 's tell everyone how dangerous not liking the beatles is , after all this one guy did n't like the beatles and ended up killing one of them . 
  if anything is radicalizing people , it 's your attitude . 
  if immigration was handled through a lens of sane discussion instead of the far left and far right screaming `` racist '' and `` blood polluter '' at one another , these psychos would find other outlets for their violent urges , and would n't result in this escalation of fear and indignation on all sides . 
  anecdotally though , things will be a lot better for them . 
  my grandmother is an ingerian finn who lived in estonia most of her life and went to finland in the 90s . 
  she spoke finnish her entire life because it was n't repressed here . 
  her children and grandchildren all speak fluent finnish . 
  i 've been bilingual as far back as i can remember - i spoke estonian with my maternal grandmother and finnish with my paternal one . 
  her sister lived in russia and her family was completely russian-speaking . 
  some of them did move to finland and learned the language , but when i was a kid i had second cousins who i could n't communicate with . 
  it 's probably easier to keep a minority language alive when it 's closely related to the majority language you 're surrounded by . 
  but i do n't think bringing in a few hundred udmurt speakers is going to result in a viable linguistic enclave . 
  keeping finnish alive in estonia is really easy because tallinn is basically south helsinki and there 's so much cultural content available . 
  most uralic languages seem doomed . 
  they 'd still get linguistically assimilated , just into estonian and finnish , instead of russian . 
  not by force , just by their low numbers . 
  there 's also that whole period where arabs and persians were centuries ahead of western europe on nearly every level . 
  i would n't outright eliminate the possibility that there 's some genetic link to personality/temperament , but if it exists , it 's subtle , and has nothing to do with why some cultures at some stages are failures . 
  personally , i have no desire to keep people of any ethnic background out of my country . 
  i only want to make sure that when we bring in new people , they do n't bring in a failed set of values with them . 
  come here and assimilate into our values , or go somewhere else . 
  i will not put up with veiling women in my country , ever . 
  as to your food and music and stories , they 're welcome . 
  god knows our own food is bland garbage . 
  let 's just be grateful that this idiot is n't even bothering to hide his phrenology-level racism . 
  i just wish there could be a sane middle ground between `` all the refugees are perfect angels , nothing bad will ever happen '' and `` arabs will pollute our pure blood '' . 
  and camp language , amirite ? 
   there is no multi-cultural dogma and cultures can coexist very easily , it 's radicalization that is a problem . 
  you 're literally parroting the dogma while saying it does n't exist . 
  this `` only radical islam is a problem '' meme is a complete falsehood . 
  yes , if the only concern with islam was terrorism , then anti-radicalization would be enough . 
  but it 's not the only concern , just the most dramatic symptom . 
  the problem is that completely mainstream , non-extremist islam is a very rigid value system that 's completely incompatible with modern western values like gender equality and freedom of speech . 
  mainstream islam is virulently misogynistic and xenophobic . 
  [ 60,000 girls ] ( http://www.equalitynow.org/fgm_uk ) have had their genitals ritually mutilated in the uk . 
  it was made illegal in 1985 but only one case has ever been brought to the courts and it did n't even result in a guilty verdict . 
  it was n't jihadi extremism that led to the mass rapes in cologne and elsewhere , but incompatible culture . 
  it may have been extremism that led to death sentence fatwas against salman rushdie , the stabbing of theo van gogh , and the charlie hebdo massacre , but the extremism is only in the severity of the response . 
  it is utterly mainstream and non-extreme for european muslims to believe that blasphemous speech should be severely punished . 
  they do n't quite think shooting up the offices of a satirical newspaper with ak-47s is called for , but they certainly want the authorities to shut the newspaper down and jail the blasphemers . 
  and these are n't just the archaic social mores of people a bit behind the times , these are the edicts of a totalitarian religious worldview that is the primary self-identity of them . 
  they 're not french arabs or berbers , they 're french muslims . 
  their cultural baggage is sacrosanct . 
  when non-muslims with backwards ideas voice their opinions , they 're widely criticized and ostracized from the debate by society . 
  when muslims do so , they 're given deference and respect for fear of seeming racist or exclusionary . 
  that is the multi-cultural dogma . 
  https://i.imgur.com/tzr5i61.png when 1/3 of muslims and 1/2 of muslims believe in death for apostasy and death for infidelity respectively , then it 's specious to claim that the problem is only with extremism . 
  that 's a different argument and it depends on entirely what the cultures in question are . 
  no , islamic theocracy is not compatible with french secularism and pluralism . 
  the annoying thing is that no one wants nuance , so you either have to parrot the multi-cultural dogma that all cultures can coexist , or you have to go full le pen and whine about every possible form of immigration because you 're really just a racist piece of shit . 
   because religious bullshit demonstrated my point . 
  though i understand that its inconvenient for you . 
  it 's not inconvenient , it 's just incomprehensible . 
  as the most irreligious society on the planet , i do n't really understand what religious identity even is . 
  i just know that it 's not a necessary part of ethnic identity , because we have the latter but not the former . 
   oh and the language - ours is effectively a different language since we ca n't understand nor pronounce the languages of classical greece . 
  well no shit your language changed over time , but it was n't displaced by a different one . 
  every greek from plato to you could talk to their grandchildren and be understood .
