yes , but i tend not to condemn people unless i 'm sure what they did . 
  i did n't trust the translation , and people 's words being misrepresented by their political opponents is not exactly a novel concept . 
  even though he appears to be a fundamentalist jackass whom i 'd consider the polar opposite of everything i stand for . 
  at any rate , an actual turkish person in this thread has cleared up any confusion , he did in fact mean `` it 's not a woman 's place to yap her mouth '' . 
  thank you . 
  so , playing devil 's advocate , could n't `` lady '' be the equivalent of `` gentleman '' , in that he meant `` as a [ term for cultured person ] , be quiet '' ? 
  or is it unequivocally `` it 's not a woman 's place to speak '' ? 
  translations should never be word for word ( as in keeping the exact word order even if the language is n't even indo-european ) . 
  `` lady , shut up '' is a coherent phrase . 
  `` shut up as a woman '' does n't sound like anything someone would actually say . 
  the guy seems like a complete asshole from his other statements , but that particular phrase sounds completely off to me . 
  it 's either a misquote or a mistranslation of a real quote . 
  no one here is rushing to * his * defense , but rather the defense of the truth . 
  it 's interesting how you care so little about what was actually said . 
  that seems like a really odd translation , though . 
  no one would ever say that in english , so i 'm at least curious as to what the turkish phrase is . 
  your hillbillies are n't anywhere near as bad as your stadilaiset . 
  i lived in finland for a while and obviously most people speak in dialect or very casual language . 
  written finnish probably did represent an actual spoken language at some point , but honestly needs an update . 
  written estonian is a lot closer to spoken estonian for whatever reason . 
   but indeed our language getting more lazier the more souther you go . 
  is it a coincidence ? 
  dun dun duuuuuun it seems to be proximity to the gulf of finland that does it . 
  once you move to southern estonia , the language starts sounding more and more finnish . 
  good point . 
  finnic peoples using a proto-germanic word makes sense , since we got cheese-making from indo-europeans . 
  the gene for adult lactose tolerance is what made the early indo-europeans so successful as pastoralists . 
  if memory serves me , you get 5-6 times more calories per animal if you 're herding them for milk instead of meat . 
  and at the time the slavs had n't moved this far north , so the germanic tribes were our only source for cheesemaking , the word to describe the product , as well as the genetic ability to digest lactose . 
  we 're just ahead of you . 
  colloquial finnish is pretty rapidly losing inflections and becoming more estonian-like . 
  50 years ago a finn would say `` minun juustoni '' , now they 'd say `` mun juusto '' . 
  even your numbers are transforming - `` yksi , kaksi '' have become `` yks , kaks '' . 
  i did find it funny , but what you said is abject nonsense . 
  yes , political views do determine what 's funny . 
  i can imagine a scenario where germany would make a nazi joke and it could very well be hilarious to a dispassionate audience , but that would not translate to anyone actually laughing at it . 
  not only would people not laugh , it would create a massive shitstorm . 
  and really , the joke was only funny * because * of the political climate . 
   if you think the people come here should adapt to swedish culture or customs you 're basically a racist . 
  are you saying this is what you believe , or this is the disastrous position of swedish immigration policy ? 
   the truth is that most of us knows immigrants , both christian and muslims , they are our neighbours and friends and we like them . 
  the ones who are your neighbors and friends are a skewed sample of successfully integrated immigrants . 
  the point is n't that `` all muslims are backwards zealots '' , it 's that too many immigrants from one place leads to non-integrating enclaves , and if those immigrants are from a backwards shithole , non-integration means they 're recreating the shithole in their adopted country . 
  i do n't care if they 're eu or non-eu , black or white or brown , the more the merrier . 
  i just do n't want islamic fundamentalism in my country in any way , shape , or form . 
  i welcome diversity , i oppose enclaves . 
  there 's a reason some countries are shitholes , and if they bring their culture here we 'll turn into a shithole as well . 
  i do n't know what century you 're living in , but most 18 year olds still live at home and are completely financially dependent on their parents . 
  ballots are secret . 
  parents ca n't actually enforce who their kids vote for . 
  what exactly do n't you believe ? 
  i 'm also 185 and the lowest weight i 've ever had was 88kg in my early 20s when i was a habitual speed user and was basically emaciated . 
  my healthy weight is about 95kg . 
  the vast majority of people * over * 18 are not qualified to vote on who should lead a nation . 
  the point of democracy is not to find the wisdom of the masses ( an oxymoron ) , the point is for the governed to give their consent . 
  expanding suffrage is a good thing . 
  and the younger the voter , the longer they 'll have to deal with the consequences of their government 's actions . 
   at any rate , the threat to the vast majority of european nations is non-existent . 
  france has literally hundreds of millions of people speaking its language and yet many of them vote for le pen buying up the bullshit that their culture is under threat or that it 's going to disappear in a couple of centuries . 
  that 's a completely different argument , and i do n't understand why you 're making it in this thread about estonia 's demographic crisis . 
   why is it a threat now ? 
  it 's been a threat for decades . 
   are these refugees threatening to destroy historic estonian buildings ? 
  at no point did i say we should n't have immigration . 
  you 're arguing against a position i do n't hold . 
  my only point is `` immigration-driven population growth is n't a permanent solution to our demographic crisis '' . 
  that does n't mean `` we should n't have immigration '' , because the problem is still there . 
  it just means `` we should also have more babies '' . 
  immigration actually helps with that , because it 's an economic benefit and people are having fewer children because of financial reasons . 
  i am not at all surprised that a communist apologist ca n't handle arguing a point on its merits , and just declares everything to be `` opinions '' . 
  every single time your idea has been tried in practice , it 's led to horrific oppression . 
  this should lead you to rethink your idea and come up with a better way to meet your goals . 
  but you wo n't , because you 're a fucking goose-stepping ideologue and not a competent , thinking human being . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/learned_estonian_society and really , if you were from germanized gentry , had a germanized name , and your home language was german , you were a pretty much a baltic german regardless of your genetic background . 
   i 'm not a part of any kind of cultural imperialist movement i mistook your flair for the belgian one and was being poetic with my roman empire expanding outwards analogy . 
  i did n't realize you were romanian and therefore * literally * an ethnolinguistic descendant of that centurion i described . 
  at any rate , with 24 million speakers , your particular from of vulgar latin is far from endangered . 
   my values lay in rationality , equality and freedom so do mine . 
  values have fuck all to do with what anyone else here is talking about . 
  cultural identity is not `` we all think twins should wear buckets on their heads , stone anyone who disagrees '' . 
  it 's ethnic and linguistic identity . 
  all communism leads to murder . 
  you 're arguing for cruelty-free foie gras . 
  you either want to abolish private property or not . 
  if you do , you 're either an idiot who does n't understand that this will lead to suffering and totalitarianism , or an evil asshole who does n't care because the goal is so noble . 
  if you just want dignity and prosperity for all , grow a fucking brain and understand that a regulated and redistributive market economy governed by a liberal democracy results in all of that without demonizing one segment of the population against the other and turning the whole nation into a prison camp . 
  i do n't assume the trends are set in stone , all i 'm saying is that population growth itself is not a reversal of the trend we 've seen since re-independence . 
  i think immigration will help by boosting our economy , because the reason we have so few kids is because we know we ca n't afford to provide the kind of living standard we think they should have . 
   when nationalists talk about home and cultural identity , they just mean people that think like them really , minorities of any kind can go fuck themselves . 
  no , this is what the imaginary nationalists you 've invented in your head say . 
  most of the real ones are n't mustache-twirling bond villains . 
  just because someone thinks culture and heritage has value does n't mean they 're automatically jean-marie le pen . 
   some fictional `` tribe '' of people i 'm sorry , but ethnicity is not fiction . 
  it 's historical continuity with one 's ancestral language and culture . 
   i and many others can also honestly say we probably have more in common with some guy from japan than with many in the far right for example top fucking kek . 
  japan is one of the most strongly insular cultures ever to exist ( while being simultaneously xenophilic about foreign cultural influence ) . 
  read up on sakoku before you say anything so ludicrous ever again . 
   `` cultural identity '' is a very strong adhesive for those that believe in it , even though it always leads to discrimination and hate . 
  so preserving minority languages in the eu leads to discrimination and hate ? 
  this `` cultural identity is nonsense '' shit that you 're spewing is the prerogative of cultural imperialists whose cultural identity has won and is secure .
