  this is not a trivial difference . 
  he was born in belgium , but he certainly did n't integrate into the indigenous population . 
  saddam-era ba'athism in iraq was sunni-dominated . 
  can you provide a source that says otherwise ? 
   the only thing that matters is getting more than 50 % , and in most of those countries 60 to 70 % of the electorate would vote against them actually in a parliamentary system you do n't need an absolute majority . 
  and even so , are you comfortable with the fact that 30-40 % would n't vote against them ? 
  this was 10-20 % a few years ago , and there 's no reason to expect the trend to suddenly reverse . 
  the trend is caused by the immigration crisis and islamic violence . 
  since neither is being dealt with in a serious way ( calling isis `` daesh '' is not helpful ) , those problems will get worse . 
  so what reason do you have to believe that this trend wo n't continue ? 
  yes , as an estonian i would n't know anything about monolingual ethnic enclaves within my country . 
  i guess you can take the boy out of sweden but you ca n't take the sweden out of the boy . 
  eu centrists have to stop drinking the multiculti kool-aid , or the reactionary right will become the majority everywhere . 
  uh , plaid cymru is officially separatist . 
  there was also the meibion glyndwr insurgency/terrorism/whatever up until the 90s . 
  and `` leaving '' implies `` joining '' sometime in the past . 
  unlike scotland , wales was conquered , so the more correct phrasing would be `` kick out the saxons '' . 
  i do n't think genghis khan was particularly big on promoting secularism , so i fail to see your point . 
  yeah , but the majority did n't get that way by accident . 
  men of erdo\u011fan 's political bent have been pushing public opinion that way for decades . 
  islam is reactionary , and reactionary politics are great for cheap popularity . 
  ban this , ban that , condemn that - much easier than actual peace and prosperity . 
  i think it 's a shame that liberal secularism is so inextricably packaged with democracy - so few people understand that democracy is a means , not an end . 
  it 's a way to keep leaders accountable and a way to protect an already secular and liberal society from sliding into autocracy . 
  it is not a magic spell that creates liberalism and secularism , rather the reverse . 
  the idea that governments must carry out the will of the people is abhorrent to me . 
  governments are monopolized violence and a pooling of resources that should protect individual rights , invest in infrastructure , and maintain law and order . 
  they should not be the armed enforcers of majority opinion . 
  turkey was a lot better off when the secular military was a powerful check against illiberal politicians taking charge , in my opinion at least . 
  there 's a difference between using arabic or persian loan words ( most languages use arabic loanwords when drinking alcohol or learning algebra ) and using the arabic script to write turkish . 
  atat\u00fcrk is rolling in his grave . 
  why is that `` ugly '' ? 
  reddit is an american website , there 's 300 + million americans and a few thousand of them are subscribed to this subreddit to keep up with what 's going on in europe . 
  you 're actually safer now than you would have been before the paris attacks . 
  that 's how security works - law enforcement and intelligence services are n't omniscient and ca n't predict every possible kind of attack . 
  they can ( and do ) put in extra measures to protect against a specific type of attack . 
  after 9/11 , no jihadi is going to take over a plane and use it as a flying bomb . 
  it was nearly 14 years until another flaw was discovered with the anti-9 / 11 security measures when a suicidal co-pilot locked out the other pilot and crashed into a mountain . 
  now there are security measures against that , too . 
  you are now much safer at a concert venue than you are somewhere else . 
  the same effect is true for any cases of food poisoning at a restaurant . 
  after a breakout happens , that kitchen will be orders of magnitude cleaner than any other restaurant . 
  about 25 % of gdp , from what i can tell . 
  although that alone is n't enough to tank a country , estonia has higher tax evasion but we always have a balanced budget and have practically no national debt . 
   the jet could easily made a turn even 810 degrees if one of engines is destroyed by the rocket ( which was infrared homing btw ) and another is in overdrive and pilots struggles with control . 
  it could spin on its axis , it would n't be able to change its bearing that tightly while moving at 900 kph . 
  http://i.imgur.com/zkuqjio.png it 's heading north at the moment of impact and then magically makes a 90 degree turn towards the west towards the actual crash site ? 
  that 's just not physically possible for any plane going that fast , even an f22 with its thrust vectoring . 
  you ca n't make 960 kph of northward momentum go away and suddenly point east . 
  here 's a calculator for aircraft turning : http://www.csgnetwork.com/aircraftturninfocalc.html enter in the speed ( 600 mph ) and the rated stall speed for the su-24 ( highest i could find is 243 mph , not that it matters for these purposes ) , and let 's start putting in banking angles . 
  the highest the calculator will even go is 89 degrees , which would result in about 55 g , or about 4 times the amount of g forces that will kill a human being . 
  so that 's not happening . 
  let 's put in a g force that 's at the maximum limit for loss of consciousness ( 9g ) , even though most pilots would be out at around 6g . 
  that would mean a bank of 83.5 degrees , with 5 seconds of 9g on the pilots , it would travel 1.3 km during these 5 seconds , and the turn radius would be 850 m . that would put the crash site well north of where it is . 
  but of course the su-24 ca n't maneuver like this to begin with , it would likely rip the wings off . 
  certainly this would not happen accidentally because of a loss of one engine , the turn would be a controlled aerodynamic bank to the left . 
  the trajectory of the crash makes perfect sense if that weird southward squiggle on the russian map never happens and it just keeps going straight , over the roughly 2km wide jut of turkish airspace . 
  average teacher 's salary in greece appears to be 22,213 per year or 1850 a month . 
  that 's before taxes . 
  at any rate , if you get 1000 euro a month and used to get another 2000 for the 13th and 14th month , you will instead get another 1000 . 
  how is this a big deal ? 
  and the public sector is not solely teachers and firemen who are probably not the real problem . 
  it 's state-owned companies and general bureaucracy . 
  take the state-owned hellenic railways , where in 2010 drivers had annual salaries of 100,000 euro and the average annual salary company-wide was 50,000 euro . 
  it would cost half as much to put all greek railway passengers in taxis : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18032721 and this would employ a great deal more people as taxi drivers than the few thousand railway workers . 
  and spending more would result in lower debt ? 
  look at the actual fucking austerity package that they 're crying about : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_austerity_package_ ( greece ) * `` limit of $ 500 per month to 13th and 14th month salaries of public employees ; abolished for employees receiving over $ 3,000 a month . 
  a limit to bonuses !, 
  you 'll have to live on just your paychecks , and only get $ 1000 in bonuses ? 
  the horror !, 
  * `` public sector limit of $ 1,000 introduced to bi-annual bonus , abolished entirely for those earning over $ 3,000 a month . 
  '' * never mind , you 'll still get another $ 1,000 every two years , except if you make more than $ 3,000 a month . 
  i mean , who could live on that ? 
  athens has the same consumer price index as helsinki and $ 3,000 is just about the median salary there , too !, 
  * `` equalisation of men 's and women 's pension age limits . 
  women 's retirement age increased from 60 to 65 . 
  '' * holy shit , that 's the same as belgium !, 
  women , who live longer anyway , do n't get pensions 5 years earlier ? 
  this is absurd whining . 
  no one is going to starve if they just spend what they actually have to spend . 
   this just shows that if they ca n't get in into the richer european countries , they would rather return to turkey or other middle eastern countries than to come to poorer eu countries . 
  and i do n't blame them . 
  i do blame them . 
  they 're supposedly refugees fleeing for their lives . 
  they would be safe in portugal or estonia , they would have a roof over their heads and enough money to feed and clothe themselves . 
  most of these people are economic migrants . 
  that 's the only way their behavior makes sense . 
  no , if you are drunk and have sex with someone without their consent , you 're committing rape . 
  being drunk does n't make you immune to responsibility . 
  if you are drunk and have sex with someone who is also drunk , but it 's consensual , then no one is committing rape . 
  being drunk does n't make you incapable of giving consent , unless you 're so drunk you ca n't talk or stand or see straight . 
  that 's obvious rape , not `` drunken sex '' . 
  woman was falling over drunk , the younger man obviously realized this was not a consensual situation , and went and alerted the woman 's friends . 
  well , here 's the actual law : http://www.cps.gov.uk/legal/p_to_r/rape_and_sexual_offences/consent/  prosecutors and investigators should consider whether supporting evidence is available to demonstrate that the complainant ** was so intoxicated that he/she had lost their capacity to consent ** . 
  for example , evidence from friends , taxi drivers and forensic physicians describing the complainant 's intoxicated state may support the prosecution case . 
  in addition , it may be possible to obtain expert evidence in respect of the effects of alcohol/drugs and the effects if they are taken together . 
  consideration should be given to obtaining an expert 's back calculation or the opinion of an expert in human pharmacology in relation to the complainant 's level of alcohol / drugs at the time of the incident . 
  this seems like daily mail fud . 
  the actual law appears to distinguish between normal intoxication and being completely blind drunk . 
  if someone is so out of it they barely know their own name , then sure , it 's rape .
