  a portuguese unemployed citizen can apply for refugee status ? 
  this looks okay . 
  very okay . 
  but somehow i suspect it will only house the mayor 's close family , cousins and friends . 
  we shall see . 
  i 'm sorry for being dense , but in 2011 you had 79868141 what ? 
  and 15000 what else ? 
  ( i hope the 1st number is n't the sexual offences in that year ... after all , you have less population than us , it would mean everyone including toddlers committing 8 in average ), 
  and what about fine violations ? 
  the `` yellow peril '' only became a real threat ( economy wise ) in the xxi century , though ... 
  an alternative strategy would be to encourage unprotected sex . 
  it 's perhaps easier to persuade young people to do that instead in the short term ; raises student numbers in the mid term , after just a few years . 
  * oh yes , here is the mandatory / s * ps : i have a degree , and work , in it ... 
  i 'm wondering why would anyone prefer to live here instead of liechtenstein . 
  surf enthusiasts , maybe ? 
  but not , e.g. , ski lovers . 
  it 's a mystery . 
  there 's something fishy about the portugal graph . 
  in euros , the 2000 value is above the 2010 one ( * ) . 
  was there such a great devaluation of the us dollar in that period ? 
  i had no idea ... ( * ) ( eurostat ), 
  just to put things into perspective , just the interest on public debt amounts to over 8 g $ ( 8 billion , 8000 million ... ) ** each year ** . 
  the story about the study is n't clear about it , but it seems to me the 10g $ they talk about the period studied , or about a decade . 
  a bit , yes ( 8,5 m vs. 8,2 m in 2060 ) -- unless you consider the `` pessimistic '' scenario , of 6,3 m. 
  in my opinion , the most likely one considering the variables . 
  and although emigration ca n't stay at this rate forever , i do n't really see a positive migration balance any time soon ... 
  even the war refugees in current migrant crisis are n't interested :-( even if migration ca n't be prediction for a 45 year period , the natural numbers are quite established . 
  sweden will overtake us by 2020 , in any case !, 
  unless some unforeseen migration movement counters it , [ that 's the `` central '' scenario ] ( https://www.ine.pt/xportal/xmain?xpid=ine&amp;xpgid=ine_destaques&amp;destaquesdest_boui=208820937&amp;destaquesmodo=2 ) projected by our statistics institute ( ine ) . 
  in the last years , migration movement is increasingly negative ... 
   suffering from low fertility rates and an overage population like germany . 
  that happens to portugal also . 
  as prime-minister for 6 years , and previously in other cabinets , it 's hard to think how could he manage things worse for the people ; suffices to say he led the country to bankruptcy . 
  e.g. , being the state debt some 130 % of gdp , he 's directly responsible for some 60 % of those 130 . 
  on the other hand , he did manage things marvellously for himself and his accomplices : he 's currently imprisoned ( although now at home ) , awaiting trial for dozens of charges for corruption , abuse of power , tax evasion , money laundering and other similar issues , as you can read from the above wikipedia entry . 
  i 'm stopping here , so to not get too carried away . 
  let 's just say i do n't care for this guy too much , and the sentiment is shared by many here . 
   the latin word ` cac\u0101re ' now i know where the portuguese verb `` cagar '' came from . 
  no , you do n't say that in polite company . 
  contrary to his greek namesake , which was only accused of child porn , i 'd approve giving some strong poison to this gentleman . 
  or a 16t weight from an appropriate height . 
  he would n't be missed , i tell you . 
  that 's not fair . 
  he lives in the netherlands and you even show mountains in the picture . 
  that 's cruel !, 
  in a related note , portugal is increasingly depopulated , specially in the regions away from the coast . 
  we gladly accept anyone wanting to come live and invest here . 
  * wink wink nudge nudge * ( returning to topic : did you notice that not one of the refugees we 're talking about itt asked to travel to portugal ? 
  yeah , weird ... ), 
  thank you . 
  this one gives a much better perspective of portugal . 
  ( only lisbon makes it to the next-to-last range ; rest of the country in the lowest ), 
  there 's a renault factory at cacia . 
  and before you ask : yes , there 's also a big vw factory , but the models made there are way out of range for most domestic pockets . 
  vw is second in sales , anyway . 
   greek scenario was much worse and much more similar to portugal than what was being said in the national news by having her watch euronews . 
  ... what ? 
  you surely mean the exact opposite of what the phrase came out ... ( for foreigners : in our national news , greece disappeared in a mushroom cloud of smoke , and our situation situation is not similar , but exactly equal to greece 's . 
  fortunately , by watching foreign sources , we have access to different information . 
  i do n't trust our media much anyway . ), 
  bes was the 3rd biggest bank in portugal . 
  and this , folks , is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  40-50 % here in portugal ( installed capacity  100 % needs ) . 
  and this is n't exactly the best place for wind energy . 
  but we have n't any other source , so ... yep , no coal . 
  has to be imported , like oil or gas . 
  and yes , i know what you 're going to ask : it 's terribly expensive , much more so than you europeans enjoy in your electricity market . 
  no , we ca n't sell it to spain : you see , they also have windmills , and when there is wind here , they also get it as well ... we do export some at zero cost , just to avoid network overdrive sometimes . 
  * ( it 's our fate/musical genre ) -- most of the meaning remains untranslated , sorry . 
  even in the scenario put by op , this would definitely happen . 
  the rest would be at the bar drinking beer , i guess . 
  we since had another one that approved it . 
  could this article be more biased ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  look , if i break a leg and go to the hospital urgency , i have to pay something like 25 $ . 
  if a wealthy woman * chooses * to have an abortion does n't pay anything . 
  now , remind me why i have to pay and she has n't . 
  note that if she was poor or on unemployment , the new ( catholic right-wing anti-women ) law says she would n't have to pay anything anyway . 
  and sorry to disappoint the writer of that fine piece of journalism excellence , but the new law does not forbid or any any way obstruct a woman having an abortion using the national health care system . 
  for which i 'm paying every month , btw . 
  ( and no , i do n't usually break legs for fun or to annoy progressive forward-thinking humane , equal-opportunity , politically correct , socialist people . 
  it was just an example . ), 
  from another small country , let me try to explain why the experience of being in the union may be so different : namely , your country was rich , stable and well developed long before it joined -- whereas mine was ... not . 
  now , i find this the best analogy : eu is a rich gentlemen country club . 
  once of very restricted membership , after a while members changed the rules to allow for more people to apply . 
  first , only wealthy gentlemen were allowed , but a philanthropic sentiment allowed for some new members to be admitted on grounds of being friends or family of some members . 
  new members got some privileges , like a new suit and shoes ( so they could even enter the premises , ragged coats and holes in the soles are absolutely forbidden ) . 
  they could enjoy the dining room -- someone would occasionally sign their bill , and so on . 
  everybody thought that once they were members of such prestigious club , surely all kinds of riches and avenues of progress would open to them , and after a while they could support their own bills and be wealthy gentlemen themselves . 
  some loans would even help them get there sooner . 
  the club 's treasurer took care of the details . 
  this seemed such a good idea that they let most of the village to become member , even some fellows recently released from political prison . 
  they all seemed nice chaps , and surely the more the merrier . 
  then , there came a disaster : the banks where these gentlemen kept their monies went bankrupt , and general financial difficulties were apparent to all of them . 
  it came as no surprise that the wealthier gentlemen started to not giving any more loans to the newer members . 
  some were even seen coughing into their hand asking `` if it would not be too many trouble , old chap , maybe you could pay back that money i lent you ? 
  i could really use it now ... '' . 
  * ( to be continued ) *, 
  lol , i know that 's a random example , but in this particular scenario history says it 's not an easy endeavour . 
  that 's why it was n't tried in the last centuries .
