  ca n't believe nobody mentioned any from the doom/quake series . 
  still playing etqw tonight ... oh , and i still play jagged alliance 2 ( 1995 ) . 
  and freeciv . 
  almost : lots of sun and healthy diet . 
  you see , two out of three ... 
  but no * fun * . 
  sorry , you are talking about portugal , right ? 
  some 2/3 of the country is hills and mountains . 
  now , you 're right on the too many wrong stereotypes in this comment thread . 
  portugal is a great country to visit in your holidays , less so to live in . 
  no natural resources . 
  no oil , no coal , no iron , nothing for industry really . 
  bad soil for agriculture : too acid , too hilly . 
  at the extreme of the continent , only 1 neighbor : trade and commerce ? 
  you have too look elsewhere ( we did ) . 
  i could go on forever ... yeah , imho it 's not like we 're brooding spoiled children . 
  it 's just a poor country and people just leave it as soon as the opportunity arises . 
  well , he has a point : if the police is lazy and classifies every murder as suicide ... 
  i ca n't get no oh , no , no , no hey , hey , hey that 's what i say i ca n't get no i ca n't get no . 
  i ca n't get no satisfaction no satisfaction no satisfaction no satisfaction i ca n't get no, 
  or , if it was you : * neutroll * . 
  this somehow implies that leftists are rich/not poor people ... * ( thinks for a second ) * ... which is mostly true , in fact . 
  sorry for the interruption , carry on . 
  funny , i thought france had other industries in the 1990 's , til . 
  here it was electronics and cars instead . 
  as for clothes and shoes , we did turn to quality ( expensive ) products instead and those mostly survived . 
  fishing and agriculture were wiped out not by wto , but by cap . 
  we had to pay for those integrations funds somehow , right ? 
  no kidding , maybe you 'll take the market from argentina !, 
  pretty much every electronic gadget , many other manufactured products . 
  beef . 
  cereals . 
  raw materials , oil . 
  i could go on all night . 
  i guess everything above could be , and in fact once was , produced locally . 
  but then the globalization wto treaty happened . 
  picha ( dick ) , near pesos ( `` weights '' , well ... 
  balls ) . 
  next down the road : venda da gaita ( selling the `` harmonica '' ... 
  in fact like the first one ) . 
  thanks . 
  madeira is getting many tourists , a\u00e7ores have that fine atlantic weather ... how about greenland ? 
  i hear it 's cold out there . 
  not having central heating at my house does not count towards these statistics . 
  fascinating ; i stand corrected !, 
  sorry , but i believe you 're describing * abacate * , another fine , but different , tropical fruit ? 
  the difference is really simple : abacaxi is the fruit we buy from the tropical brazil . 
  anan\u00e1s is less sweet , it comes from our a\u00e7ores ... 
  it 's ironic that the word * anan\u00e1s * comes directly from the native brazilian language tupi . 
  do n't know if that 's the case for * abacaxi * . 
  you 're welcome . 
  but as a bomb , which was its design , works perfectly . 
  so , it can . 
   you ca n't use fusion reactors as bombs , of course you can , since the 1950s . 
  they do n't call them `` reactors '' , but that would be accurate enough . 
  they are popularly , and somewhat inaccurately , named `` hydrogen bombs '' . 
   they need such a high rate of energy input that they would just stop working . 
  unlike fission which can have a run-away chain reaction . 
  mostly correct . 
  that 's why in a fusion bomb you detonate it with a fission bomb . 
  high enough `` rate of energy '' ( * ) input indeed ... ( * ) i prefer the term `` power '' , it 's more elegant . 
   banning driving is obviously much higher than banning prostitution , seeing as how prostitution is completely non-essential to the functioning of society . 
  i do n't know ... 
  societies existed for thousand of years without cars . 
  however , no society ever is known for not having prostitution . 
  but women are fighting back , increasing from 0.1 % in 2006 to 0.8 % in 2012 !, 
  go girls !, 
  i 'd think that cold war slogan had some truth after all : * visit russia before russia visits you *, 
  this story looks alarmingly close to some mr. bean episode plot . 
  or a shameless anti-war military parody . 
  but if we think about it for a second , this is n't hilarious . 
  it is dangerous : it 's about two of the wealthiest countries in europe showing little concern for their military capability . 
  chilling . 
  10 cents is not `` small '' , it 's `` prohibitive '' . 
  those bags are already off production , after only 2 weeks . 
  keep one to show to your grandchildren ... 
  thanks . 
  to ensure decisive victory , we made sure no one else could produce it . 
  i know , but we had to be best at something -- anything ... that 's all we could come up with . 
  carefully working towards the `` yes means no '' laws ? 
  where 's `` here '' ? 
  thanks . 
  i think that answers the question quite well . 
  so , if they are unreported , does sweden just make those numbers up ? 
  like that 85 % figure that is supposedly `` believed '' , as in `` matter of faith '' ? 
  i 'm sure i 'm missing something here . 
  you do n't have to resort to imagination or history here . 
  just watch the news from ukraine . 
  that 's in europe , you know ? 
  if you do , you 'll understand most people do n't go to war for the adventure . 
  they are either ordered to , or to defend what they care most . 
  or both . 
  someone has to stop the bad guys , etc. 
  ( iraq , syria ... ? ), 
  you 're stating the situation we had before we bought the 2 new submarines [ tridente class ( u 209pn ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tridente-class_submarine ) . 
  and yes , germany makes the best non-nuclear units today ( wonder why ... ) . 
  portuguese navy ( marinha ) has had a submarine unit since 1913 and fortunately will keep it for the years to come despite some people , thank you very much . 
  we are a founding nato member and do have some obligations . 
   our new marine helicopters , the nh90 is currently not allowed to fly over open water , hence making nautical rescue extremely difficult . 
  sorry , i had to laugh a little ; this is too funny .
