   one flag already done that !, 
   one european anthem i like the current one !, 
  beethoven was a great choice !, 
   athletes united under one flag oh dear , no more portuguese athletes at the olympics or world championships . 
  but no matter , that 's great !, 
   one european central bank ? 
  already have that . 
   we could finally minimize nationalisms . 
  they would be outlawed . 
   and live freely under one european flag . 
  this sounds great !, 
   but what about the capital city ? 
  lisbon , of course !, 
  is there any chance of a contest ? 
  ^ ( * edit : double word ), 
   portugal + italy + spain sorry , i do n't see what these 3 countries have in common more than with france , england , switzerland , etc. 
  ^ ( i see what you did there ) the final countdown ? - ), 
  estados unidos da am\u00e9rica . 
  that 's how it 's spelled here ... 
  * geothermal : i was a bit out-of-date and it 's a nice surprise to see some countries already really using geothermal . 
  please note , however , that only 3 countries have installed capacities above 1000 mw ( us , philippines and indonesia ) ; the rest combined account for less than 40 % ... 
  i really is worth exploiting more !, 
  * solar and wind : i saw that episode . 
  but tyson just glossed over this problem of intermittency . 
  but in that kind of show i really do n't expect this level of detail . 
  he could have mentioned that there are technical issues with solar and wind power , for the sake of completeness and showing both advantages and issues , in the spirit of science , however ... 
  thanks for the wikipedia article , it is very well written . 
  it explains very well the problem ; note that even thermal solar power does n't work , e.g. , at night . 
  there are several strategies being investigated to overcome this problem , but for now ... 
  but what it means for portugal ? 
  we built  6000 mw of wind power farms , and essentially need as many in continuous sources . 
  this means we are building new fossil fuel plants ; hydro and existing gas plants are not enough ... we ca n't even sell excess production : our neighbour spain invested in exactly the same type of plants ... 
  when we have wind , so do they . 
  :-( e.g. , denmark can install as many wind farms as they want , because their neighbours , e.g. 
  germany , absorbs ( buys ) every mwh they can send . 
  no such luck for us ... a real european energy market would really help us . 
  * nuclear : regenerating plants are still pretty much in the future , but i 'm sure we 'll get there . 
  hope you 're right about the oil + gas !, 
  just a few notes about the other energy resources , please ignore if you already know : * wave and geothermal production are still in development . 
  the problems are strictly technical at this point -- there are n't production power plants of this kind anywhere in the world . 
  i think iceland has experimental thermals feeding their ( small ) power grid , but are n't really considered `` production plants '' . 
  in the future , i 'm certain we will overcome the technical issues . 
  they will be important because : * solar and wind are intermittent sources . 
  the technical issue here is nobody has yet developed an efficient scalable way to store electricity . 
  and it 's a tough one . 
  not impossible , but still far in the future . 
  * nuclear needs a huge investment to just start . 
  and it has its own set of troubles ( what to do with spent fuel ... ) -- but it does provide the better guarantees right now to replace fossil fuels for electrical production . 
   i think we should form a party and take this into our own hands , what do you say ? 
  lol haha . 
  but hey , thinking a bit about it , that 's not such a stupid idea as it looked at first glance ... 
  i sure would like to make some things change . 
  and some existing parties were based upon much narrower/crazy ideas after all ... let 's do it !, 
  thanks for the link . 
  it has heart-wrenching stories about poor people in porto -- nonetheless , i did n't see it claiming the the city is one of the poorest ( i may have missed it ? ) . 
  unfortunately , stories like those can be found across the whole country . 
   oil and gas off the coast of algarve . 
  there is no evidence of it yet . 
  much less operating wells ... that news is about repsol an portugal signing a contract for exploration of the area . 
  `` exploration '' as in `` we 'll drill some holes to see if we find anything '' . 
  alqueva is a tragic example of a 1950 's project that is concluded dozens of years too late to matter . 
  it had the potential , but the timing was its death . 
  hydroelectric potential is now almost 100 % used . 
  the 9 dams in project or in construction are now of the high-cost-low-yield kind . 
  but do n't get me started on the electricity production , i warn you !, 
  there are so many wrong things that whole books were published on how badly we have it now . 
  just check your last receipt from edp and we 'll have plenty to talk about ... 
  the eez and a\u00e7ores do have lots of potential , but only that . 
  no known real natural resources in use : even fishing industry is in decline !, 
  :-( and this is a particular bitter point against eu for us . 
  there is still only one geothermal power plant in s. miguel , and i already saw it some 20 years ago . 
  it 's not even a production plant , it 's only for research purposes . 
    state actively discourages private investment and new businesses . 
   what do you mean ? 
  stifling bureaucracy : the simplest industry project needs to be pre-approved by as many as 23 different state agencies . 
  some of them ( notably the environment one ) known to take years to veto a project , offering no reasons or alternative solutions . 
  some of the requirements are so absurd that it really we do n't have to look further for reasons why foreign capital just goes elsewhere . 
  as for the famous `` business in the hour '' , it remains a lie as long as the pre-approval requirements are n't turned into the `` automatic approval with post-supervision with heavy fines for non-compliance '' system that other european countries use . 
  the current government promised this , but once again ... nicles . 
  finally , about the solution : yes , industry is the main component of any promising plans for the future . 
  but see above . 
  we have a lot to change here . 
   porto is one of the poorest counties . 
  sorry , but be is n't my favourite statistical source . 
  as in , `` i do n't believe anything they say at this point '' . 
  we do have 3rd world like situations like the one you describe , but we 're not really alone there . 
  and as for nepotism , or more generally trade of influence between the rich and powerful : that is how this country works -- and seems to have been that way forever . 
  now , i must disagree with :  porto is one of the poorest counties in the country . 
  no it certainly is n't . 
  and \u00c9vora richer than most of the algarve ? 
  i ca n't believe that without numbers ... 
  again , i agree with everything you say , with just one question :  we 're a small country , it should be very easy for us to create wealth how ? 
  * no natural resources , total dependency on fossil fuels , solar + wind electricity proved to be a financial hole ( friends at edp paid by law in a most anti-capitalistic way ) instead of a new natural resource . 
  * low education of the population , compared with europe , oecd , ... 
  even developing countries . 
  * from  27000 people with phds , only 700 work in the industry . 
  * state actively discourages private investment and new businesses . 
  * absurdly slow and ineffective justice . 
  * high taxes ... 
  need i go on ?
