  two children shepherds claimed to have seen the madonna . 
  later something was seen by many people as described in your link . 
  a big [ sanctuary ] ( http://www.santuario-fatima.pt/portal/ ) was built in f\u00e1tima and is now one of the greatest pilgrimage destinations for catholic believers . 
  not since 1917 . 
  humanity . 
  we 're * mostly * friends now : think of russia and ukraine , kosovo and serbia ... `` north eu '' vs. `` south eu '' ... 
  i could go on all day . 
  `` all '' is a bit optimistic . 
  but some day , i hope ... 
  visited for a weekend many years ago . 
  arrived at night from that road that passes over hoover dam : impressive light show , could be seen from dozens of kilometers ahead . 
  the strip looked exactly like from the movies . 
  and likewise the `` wedding chapels '' in the alleys . 
  and the casinos , of course . 
  i could only afford to lose a few bucks in the machines though . 
  nowhere else had breakfast over a table with poker machines embedded . 
  i ca n't imagine what they have nowadays . 
  from a comment in the blog :  `` recruiting a thai picker also costs rac almost 2,000 euros more per year than if it hired a local , as the company pays for a return airline ticket to thailand and provides housing ''  and with respect to the last quote : if they would offer a portuguese employee 2k eur more , would they still refuse ? 
  and a reply to that :  actually , no -- ` today , just under 100 employees are portuguese , 50 of whom pick berries . ' as noted in the article itself . 
   one has to read the nyt carefully , because the article 's very first line says this -- ` portugal may have 15 percent unemployment , but that does not mean that reiter affiliated companies , an american fruit producer , can find local people to pick berries on its 76-hectare farm here . '  they found 50 local people to pick berries , but they needed 90 . 
  which is not the impression ever so carefully left by that first line 's framing . 
   and which makes a mockery of the article 's second line -- ` last year , the company , also known as rac , began a nationwide recruitment campaign and hired 40 portuguese . 
  half quit after the first day . 
  by the end of the week , not a single one was left . ' of the new hires , that is -- not the 50 local pickers . 
   every summer , a number of german papers write very similar articles , about how polish/bulgarian/romanian field workers are superior to unemployed germans , who just can not handle what is demanded of them . 
  and though less explicitly than the ` liberal ' nyt , also pointing out how unemployment is just too cushy . 
  so there . 
  yes , i 'd argue `` the other way '' . 
  in fact , what happens is that these corporations prefer to hire illegal migrants , because it 's much cheaper in taxes , and they 'll work much more hours than the legal limit of 40h/week . 
  no need to pay taxes to a 3rd world country like portugal or something , right ? 
  and workers rights is communism anyway , amirite ? 
  so , for ireland , portugal and greece the number is , i guess , 0 % ? 
  if you had bought instead the us made c-130 like we did you would not have this problem ;-), 
  i know what you mean . 
  rtp makes me cringe all the time , giving the worst possible pessimistic view of every news -- specially about the country . 
  ( my explanation is their editorial line being firmly against the current government , which is a bit funny from the state television network . 
  or could just be normal , by-the-book journalism -- sensationalism-fear-raise-audiences , idk ) . 
  but be assured : it 's not as bad as they say ;-) things do look better now than 2 years ago ... 
  if you are asking if we are recovering from the crisis , the big numbers say yes . 
  but among those , `` less unemployment '' still means 15 % , from the record 17 % . 
  for these numbers , please add the note that a record 1 % of the whole population emigrated in 2012 ( in only 1 year ) , a bit less in 2013 . 
  due to the structural problems i mentioned before , i will be a long hard walk to lower those 15 % . 
  if at all possible , since our economy as it is only can grow if europe grows . 
  and current european numbers are dismal . 
  :-( otoh , newer generations are much better educated and we are producing excellent new employees for the jobs that are awaiting them elsewhere . 
  it 's a bit disconcerting to spend so much in a top brand new education system , only for the graduates emigrating to another country . 
  * c'est la vie * , as the french say . 
  : - / but we like to think we 're still a first world country , we even still belong to that rich gentlemans club , the euro !, 
  ^ ( until they eventually kick us out ), 
  the 100 workers that have a decent wage will be ok , but the 100 you will fire wo n't . 
  they will be either on welfare help , or misery , or emigration . 
  few will get jobs in the future , so you will cleverly sack the older ones and hope for them to die as soon as possible . 
  that 's the trend with industry for quite a few years now , because automation improves productivity and completely obsoletes lower education workers . 
  the myth that services will absorb them with much nicer jobs is just that -- a myth . 
  fortunately for the richer countries in europe , these people with low education level have already almost disappeared for good . 
  and for the more menial jobs , they can always import workers from elsewhere to do those . 
  now , for countries like ours ( well , mine at least ) ... 
  it 's a current problem . 
  fair enough , but you have to concede there seems to be more in na . 
  energy prices say that ... that 's a big boon to the 4 ( ? ), 
  countries that have it ( 5 if you count gas and netherlands ) . 
  good for them . 
  here we have to pay for each and every barrel . 
  the lack of humour in this subreddit is astounding ... 
  i was thinking about oil , gas , gold , metals besides iron ... geologically , na was created as a treasure trove compared to europe . 
  anyway , here in this corner we never had any resources ( not even much of farmland ) , that 's why we set sail looking for them centuries ago . 
  i see what you mean . 
  well , we had a hold on them for a while , but overseas , never really ours . 
  and now it 's all ( mostly ) gone ... ^ ( for portugal `` all '' is exact . ), 
   language ( ... ) `` romance languages '' ( ... ) that 's why i gave france as comparison . 
  so , no real answer here . 
  i did n't `` mention '' the 3 countries , i cited the oc . 
   countries sharing language groups typically share cultural aspects sure , but today we all share internet , english language , democracy , law , religions , and millions of other important cultural aspects with germany as well as with italy or spain ...  although in the case of celtics the culture seems to be largely `` hating english people . '', 
  funny you mention that : well , the portuguese have an important celt background ... 
  even in the language . 
  so ... let me put it this way : yes , spain and italy have much in common with us . 
  but so do most other european countries . 
  perhaps those in the south more so than the most northern ones , i do n't know . 
  creating an european federation including portugal is one thing , perhaps people here could be persuaded to agree with that ; creating a new `` country '' from portugal + italy + spain would be an entirely different thing . 
  a `` hell no ! '', 
  kind of thing . 
   portugal and spain should be a no brainer england and france should be a no brainer then . 
  dude ... of course there will be . 
  do you know of any city on earth that does n't ? 
  lol . 
  what 's wrong with moscow ? 
  ok , st. petersburg looks also nice . 
  or ankara !, 
  and do n't forget the huge natural resources that europe only can dream of . 
  keep it at at a cease-fire agreement and nothing more !, 
  how about `` e '' . 
  count us out . 
  our pipeline to algeria works greats , we do n't need no stinkin ' russian gas . 
  we 've been friends with russia since peter the great ( except with ussr ) , let 's keep it that way : ldr . 
   how do you europeans feel about italian prime minister ` s renzi idea of united states of europe ? 
  sounds great !, 
   can you imagine one europe ? 
  yes , there is one now after all !, 
  no trouble at all !, 
   one judicial system excellent , if we manage to base it on uk 's !,
