  to be fair , it 's not like it was possible to make some of their promises real ( like that `` austerity '' , or `` lack of money '' , part ) . 
  but applying a fair and effective fiscal policy , or to come down on corruption , are not only possible , but indispensable . 
  unfortunately , it seems easier to go after eu 's money instead . 
  but i think they got this wrong . 
  in their case the median is still high enough to cause this effect . 
  let 's not forget all those handsomely paid eu officers , bankers , and others that live there . 
  it 's a very small country , in which the lowest paying jobs are invariably done by immigrants as needed . 
  a quite special case , i think ... 
  in that case , i 'm afraid i agree that just sounds absurd . 
  i was pointing out that the rest of europe is following all these events attentively and other countries already have their own interpretation of what happened . 
  even if the question was much shorter and clearer , 1 week is clearly a way too short a period to allow for any kind of democratic process . 
  greece should tread really carefully in this path . 
  these things are dangerous for democracy itself . 
  are you suggesting the possibility of a government not delivering the promises in their electoral program ? 
  but , but , that ... would be , i do n't know , maybe lying to the people just to get their votes or such ? 
  nah , that ca n't be it . 
  that 's unthinkable . 
  preposterous . 
  unheard of ... ^ ( * friendly reminder : my last name is / s * ), 
  what did you expect ? 
  we 're competing with the guys who * invented * drama ( and all other most known forms of theatre , in fact ) ! - ), 
  precisely . 
  because nobody knows yet other ways of doing it . 
  and if you think 5 years is a long time , be prepared : these problems take a looong time to solve . 
  much longer than 5 years , in fact . 
  and the path taken has to be a sound one ; otherwise , things only go worse as time passes . 
  btw , what happened to the government in greece can also happen in portugal as soon as next september . 
  glad you said it . 
  some would say that admitting a problem is an important step to solve it . 
  ca n't agree more ... all i can do is to give you this upvote . 
   they would probably be very harsh on corruption , if only to provide a blood spectacle for their voters and to keep the rest of the eu happy . 
  fine !, 
  when will they start ? 
  collecting taxes seriously as they promised in their campaign would be swell too . 
  you see , they could really use the money , i think . 
  i 'm really surprised this one has n't started yet . 
   the fact that it was such an ill conceived referendum ( or intentionally opaque ) leaves room for all kinds of speculation of what it was about . 
   therefore , your position stands firmly upon your own assumption . 
  that 's no way to for an opinion on anything , much less the greek situation . 
  so , by your own argument , why are you rejecting op 's interpretation ? 
  as you say , it 's as valid as your own . 
  or mine , or anyone 's , really . 
  interpretation around here where i live is like this : the referendum asked greeks if they wanted to stay in the euro . 
  and the answer was clear . 
  but what we make of it is of little importance . 
  it 's the greeks opinion that matters ... for whatever they think the question was about . 
  good luck in any case . 
   why did oecd put greece first in their attempts for reform looks good . 
  but note the dates : it ends in 2014 . 
  so , why did you kick your government then , exchanging it for an anti-reform one ? 
  you could be near the point where the sacrifices would start paying off . 
  now , it seems you want to waste them and all that was for nothing . 
  it 's your choice , of course . 
  but i would choose a different one . 
  thanks for graphically demonstrating how greece 's stubbornness in refusing any solution for their own problems is causing harm to those three countries . 
  and it would be so easy to just be friends . 
  oh well , go your own way . 
  i think nobody ( except maybe the greeks themselves ) wants greece to leave the eu , just the eurozone ? 
  when things are bad for greece , they are bad for everybody else , even if just a little bit . 
  but nobody knows exactly what consequences may ensue when they leave the euro . 
  much less about leaving the eu altogether ... what you describe is an example of a powerful propaganda tool called `` fear mongering '' . 
  it uses terror , so it 's quite effective in stopping your thinking . 
  in journalism is nowadays just a basic , daily used , technique . 
  politicians are , however , the most enthusiastic users . 
  well , we 're not `` hard line '' on anything there , but we sure would appreciate if greece could pay us back at some point . 
  that money would definitely help paying our own debt ... greece is a richer country than portugal , certainly they can afford it . 
  all for the sake of solidarity and stuff . 
  yes , most . 
  but portugal 's was $ 18900 in 2008 vs. $ 17900 in 2000 ( not `` doubled '' by any means ) . 
  it was actually less in 2014 than in 2001 . 
  the euro is n't making a great score here , it seems . 
  something is n't quite working as planned ... 
  yeah , why must we pay 5 % of our gdp in interest ? 
  we would like the 4 % of greece please . 
  better still , the same conditions in rates , 2.2 % looks a lot better than 3.8 % . 
  not even asking for `` haircuts '' , deadlines extensions , outright forgiveness and all the other stuff they got ... 
  i know , i know ... 
  some countries are more interesting than others . 
  sorry then , carry on . 
  it surprised me as well , then i remembered their `` national median disposable income '' . 
  which is , in case you have n't heard , ginormous . 
  then , add to that those portuguese immigrants ( * ) who think that 2000 $ / month is a royally lavish salary . 
  suckers ! - ) ( * ) ^ ( 17 % of the population ), 
  not necessarily : it can encourage your industries to export more ... 
  it has happened here . 
  it took only like 2 years to go from negative to positive balance of trade . 
  it was n't only through the high vat ( 23 % ) , but most importantly people not having any money . 
  in portugal , the minimum wage is 505 $ / month . 
  it does not pay irs , only social sec . 
  you ca n't legally be paid less for a full time , 40h/week job . 
  400 means a part-time job . 
  not `` most '' people , then . 
  here , that 's above average pay . 
  but it also applies to any day . 
  i also read it as `` enjoy today like you 're starting your life again '' . 
  and again , and again ... a funny idiom . 
  it does n't mean anything really . 
  or , instead , everything . 
  :-) who knows ? 
  who cares ?
