  they were all born portuguese . 
  many ( most ? ), 
  were even born in continental europe portugal . 
  so , although a clever elaborate excuse , the fact is the map is totally wrong for portugal . 
  no fish left ? 
  not even some measly sardines ? 
  may as well close shop and give it all to the vatican . 
   it 's like one minute after the free kick , and kos got a yellow card on that foul and clearly does n't want to get a second one on the occasion for the goal . 
  why ? 
  only ten minutes to end , surely getting the 2nd yellow would not matter that much , if you say he would so surely stop the goal ... 
  think about it : i stop a goal at 109 min . 
  but get red carded ... ( there is really nothing to think about , is there ? 
  if he could , he would ) now , if the free kick did go in ( almost did !, 
  ) , i would really see reason for complaining ... 
   directly leads to the goal . 
  did you watch the same match we 're discussing here ? 
  `` directions '' ... 
  but they decided it . 
  google this . 
  `` asked '' to sell it to santander in 3 days ... or else ... ( yes , specifically to that spanish bank , 3 days . 
  and for whatever could be the offer , which turned out to be * negative $ $ * . 
  they were paid to get the positive assets of banif ) . 
  we get even a fine for obeying . 
  the whole thing is becoming harder to understand every year . 
  i am serious . 
  you are blinded by government 's propaganda , right ? 
  do n't repeat it then . 
  i have enough of that every day in the local media . 
  read some international sources ( search for hard numbers ) . 
  avoid national ones , except perhaps ine and pordata . 
  learn . 
  nobody knows yet . 
  now compare the interest of foreign industry investors , forget medians . 
  perhaps those industries that do n't need electricity , like ... and ... or ... 
  i 'm sure we 'll be set as an example , since they ca n't really fine spain or france . 
  of course , a ( money ) fine is such an incredibly stupid way of dealing with this particular offense that i hope eu will wise up and find another . 
  also in the * news * : `` no rise in britons seeking syrian nationality '' -- thesyrianews.com `` no rise in britons seeking lybian nationality '' -- thelybianews.com `` no rise in britons seeking iraq nationality '' -- theiraqnews.com, 
  unlike greece , portugal complied with eu imposed objectives . 
  the current government only ruled for 2 months in 2015 and managed to screw the debt limits objective , for which the country ( not the party in rule ) is going to be fined . 
  interesting for you as a foreigner , but a nightmare for me , since i have to live here . 
  we only had communist rule for less than two years , but it shows anyway . 
  i 'm not sure i understand british politics . 
  ( * of course , that was just a figure of speech : i know i do n't . 
  finally , an assumed `` leave '' voter in / r/europe appears and spills his guts . 
  now i get your agenda ... enlightening . 
  in a blink of an eye , so to speak . 
  interesting that all submissions about euro2016 are downvoted to oblivion ... 
  except this one . 
  looks like some estonian redditor had the coins i spent in tallinn last year . 
   let them do it if that 's what they want . 
  sure , but there are limits : let 's for example say that what they want is war on europe . 
  oh , and china is n't led by technocrats , just bureaucrats . 
  but letting a small clique rule a country is definitely an inferior solution comparing to democracy . 
  if the country is still developing is still worse . 
  the chinese understand their situation from inside much better than you , hence tienanmen . 
  loosening ? 
  though that would suggest it was something voluntary ... 
  `` no strings attached '' ... lol . 
  it 's more like anchor chains , i get it !, 
  magnified by increasing emigration in portugal . 
  ( net numbers and ageing : most emigrants are young , evidently ), 
   often when reading comments here i see redditors from western europe ( but this also includes comments below articles on guardian , etc. ), 
  stating that eastern ( central ) european countries or post-soviet countries are leechers both in terms of eu financing as well as job migrants ` stealing ' jobs i think my country could have a honorary eastern european badge . 
  we leech eu financing and steal jobs from honourable righteous european countries citizens like the best !, 
  you probably meant `` emigration '' , right ? 
  have you tried some ? 
  ever ? 
  i doubt it . 
  they probably do not even realise this is one of the kind of things that prevents them being accepted as a member of eu . 
  preparing the secretly scheduled ban for the non-menthol ones . 
  after all , the mafias have to live from something ( made ) illegal , and i 'm sure they have a solid lobby in brussels . 
  only germany is the promised land for them . 
  what do they plan for asylum seekers refusing a particular country ? 
  e.g. , every single one from syria so far refused to accept asylum in portugal . 
  what gives ? 
  interesting , a mere 1,2 % puts us in the middle of the table . 
  never thought about it that way ... 
  no , those were mostly articles on the advantages of discs vs. drums , how to avoid the use of asbestos , anchors , electric powered vs. hydraulic ... 
   i do have to wonder if all former empires have this weakness . 
  a love of the nationalistic when it becomes obvious the show 's over , ( ... ) not all , i guess ... ;-), 
  so , portuguese expats ? 
  sounds nice ... 
  finally , we win a chart !, 
  about time ... 
   ( portugal ) the reason it 's so low is mostly economical . 
  not complete : the moon and mars are not represented . 
  too bad there are so few of them ... ? 
  also good !, 
  it rains a lot . 
   bacalhau na brass could also be '' * bacalhau na brasa * '' ... ? 
  because there 's a place in finland and another in canada with cleaner air ... 
  since this is / r/europe , i 'd rather say : `` big news !, 
  europe has the cleanest village in the world , and it 's in finland !, 
  and it just does n't stop there !, 
  europe has two of the three villages with the cleanest air in the world !, 
  this dish without rice is a culinary disaster ( your intestines would soon tell you about it ) . 
  is there another country version of the * cozido \u00e0 portuguesa * ? 
  ( * ) and yes , it has to have rice . 
  and potatos . 
  no peas .
