  for terceira people , the us military are an important source of revenue , just ask them ;-) note : lajes is a portuguese air base , shared with us military since 1943 . 
  i read that as `` e.u. 
  to debate making sex illegal '' and it seemed perfectly plausible as well ... 
  the original title is better . 
  the '' ... in ukraine ... '' bit is important . 
  ok , i agree history should never be forgotten . 
  but , perhaps , forgive ? 
  it was a whole century ago , after all ... as / u/cyridius said , everyone that fought those battles is dead now . 
  thanks !, 
  / r/germany seems to speak english , great . 
  i found rheinland landscapes amazing . 
  and germany is huge , so i 'm sure there are other many nice places i 'll find when i get another trip there :-), 
  the thing that may give you that impression about landscapes here is the tremendous diversity . 
  beaches , islands , swamps , flatlands , hills , forests , mountains , lakes - you name it , we have it , all crammed into just over 90000km2 :-) many beautiful photos people showed in this thread also reminded me of some place or other in portugal ... not forgetting the islands ( a\u00e7ores and madeira ) , i 'm a bit partial to their landscapes . 
  you mean south america looks a lot like portugal :-) if you look at south america 's history , this should come as no surprise ... 
  wow . 
  angola and mo\u00e7ambique , with their dozens of million people , are `` useless scraps of land '' ? 
  cool with the hate , son . 
  eu is no doubt already preparing a directive to deal with those pesky human beings once and for all . 
  watched it last summer ; it was years since i last entered a cinema . 
  well , i laughed a lot . 
  dunno if anyone not french and not portuguese can get the jokes and the situations , though . 
  of course it is n't !, 
  that why young people here emigrate . 
  they do n't carry their mother abroad with them !, 
  well , not many of them anyway ... 
  it 's that or having to stay with your parents ( if they can afford you ) . 
  because you are unemployed , you ca n't afford a house . 
  rent , lease or buy . 
  being homeless is quite uncomfortable ( specially when it rains ) . 
  * ( i really do n't understand why all these scandinavian guys do n't get this ; it seems so simple to me . 
  i know it 's a standard of living they do n't see much at home , but still ... ) *, 
  it would be harder to be homeless , living under a bridge . 
  i find it odd that i ca n't find any reference to this in the comments so far ... 
  the graphics could just describe gnp , gdp or gni per capita , or `` financial well-being '' , or some similar financial index : the order of the numbers looks more or less right right . 
  ( ok , luxembourg seems probably out of place , but that may only be a statistical feature of their small population . ), 
  hint : top to bottom , poor to rich . 
  it looks it 's always the money , in the end . 
  portugal bought 2 of these . 
  shhh ... do n't tell anyone . 
   any other gun manufacturing country , including my own . 
  we do n't manufacture guns since the closure of the fbp ( * ) in the '80s ( ref . 
  missing , sorry ) . 
  not even a single bullet ; everything has to be bought elsewhere . 
  one of the raw deals of entering the eu , i guess . 
  the title of the thread names the countries i suspect demanded that . 
  ( * ) the fbp submachine gun was crap anyway . 
  pity , however , for the high-quality hk g3 they made ( still in use by the army today ... ) . 
  well , let me put it another way : suppose this person was robbed , beaten and killed instead . 
  would you consider her conduct more reckless ? 
  less ? 
  the same ? 
  not relevant ? 
  in my opinion , the use of common sense does help when i travel abroad . 
  you never know ; 1st time i visited the usa i was robbed , and was n't travelling alone or anything , i thought was being careful enough . 
  now , as for your strawman , you can keep it . 
  woman travels alone and gets lost ... 
  it 's unfortunate that people travel to india ( and other places ) expecting the level of security they enjoy in europe . 
  there should be some information and education about the risks , how to behave , what to expect , etc. 
  even in europe , you ca n't go everywhere alone like that . 
  in some ( hope not many ) places , it 's like calling for trouble just as in india . 
  portugal  france . 
  puzzled . 
  sorry , may i ask : are you portuguese ? 
  ( only the drones bit does n't fit here . 
  the rest is quite precise ) edit : a word, 
   can you break into fortress europe ? 
  yes . 
  here 's how some 70 of them did : 1 . 
  go to turkey * pay a hefty sum to slave traffickers * plane to casablanca * plane to bissau * bribe local government * tap plane to forced at gunpoint to board them ( obviously forged turkish passports at this point ) * portugal had to take them * done !, 
  flights lisbon-bissau suspended since then ( dec. 2013 ) . 
  assuming the students can effectively learn english , any additional language seems redundant . 
  come on , all earth speaks english !, 
  since it will be just to look nice in their cv , i wonder which will they choose ... 
  thanks . 
  the 9/11 was quite different ( and better :-) ), 
  hey , is n't that a renault 9 ( or something ) ? 
  no , of course it 's not automation . 
  it 's just industry disappearing from these countries . 
  for 20 years now our factories ( run by multinationals ) have been closing ( to reopen in china , korea or east europe ) , since those countries offered even cheaper slaves . 
  please note most of those corporations are european . 
  here in portugal only one big factory remains , volkswagen . 
  the most productive in europe for the group , and still always in danger to be closed any day now . 
  they promised services would replace the lost jobs , but services only go so far . 
  and do you really need a degree to serve at a restaurant ? 
  i see your 22.9 and raise you 36.8 % ( was 38.7 % in nov ' 12 ) . 
  normal winter atlantic storm featuring 15-17m waves . 
  this one was just a little bigger than the others ... 
  tried `` orange '' : * greek : \u03c0\u03bf\u03c1\u03c4\u03bf\u03ba\u03ac\u03bb\u03b9 * albanian : portokall * romanian : portocaliu * macedonian : \u043f\u043e\u0440\u0442\u043e\u043a\u0430\u043b i see a pattern here ... :-) ( hint : my flag . 
  here , that 's `` laranja '' ), 
  `` portugal '' only appears in the title and is never mentioned again in the article ... 
  odd . 
  guess they found so many things to say about portugal + troika they left it for another ( much larger ) article . 
  i hope . 
  [ d. afonso henriques ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afonso_i_of_portugal ) . 
  founder of the country , 1st king ( guinness book for longest kingdom ) . 
  all-around badass . 
  living ? 
  cristiano ronaldo , of course . 
  well of course .
