  will check out his name next , see if there 's any mention . 
  turkey sent out at the same time many thousands of such warnings , a regular occurence . 
  the majority are false reports , which still need to be processed and chew on resources , overloading the system . 
  a broken clock is right twice every day . 
  people who fight against the is with the peshmerga are also caught at the border at times . 
  the ex dgse boss said ( if ivremember well ) that turkey sends so many such warnings that it swamps the system . 
  the huge majority of those reported cases turn to be false alarms , however they still take a lot of tume to be processed , in bulk . 
  a bit like crying wolf . 
  however in this case it seems to be a problem of having proof to indict the person . 
  one should check more closely what were the criterias for turkey to characterise him as such , see if/how they overlap with belgian or european `` standards '' and then have an idea over whether or not they were warned on valid grounds or if it was one of the usual bull warnings . 
  another `` funny '' in the same sense is how jango reinhardt survived the war . 
  do n't tell him what he is , cis-scum shitlord / s, 
  i 'll repeat myself : what is your proof france benefits from `` invading '' mali . 
  i remember incorrectly then , the date in my mind was the early 1840 's . 
  france suffers from many things , but that 's not one of them . 
  it 's called capitalism and everybody does it . 
  france was asked by mali to come to help for almost a year before any action was taken , so i find your point pretty dodgy . 
  please , do give me the proof that we gain from this . 
  what do we steal from mali this time , uranium that we can import for cheaper from australia ? 
  not the same , they bought things from people that owned those things , regardless of how they obtained . 
  if what i said was correct , then lord elgin bought them from people who did not own a product and then bribed other people to manage to steal said product from a fourth person . 
  more like rebels who want to overthrow the more or less legal status quo , who invaded parts of the country , who did massacres , who imposed sharia law under the harshest of penalties and so on and so forth . 
  they are as legitimate rebels as the taliban . 
  i 'll see that when on my pc , sry : c, 
  you should let the merry making to the monty pythons mate :p, 
  was n't from me . 
  as for a legal ruling , i do n't yave any , but i doubt the uk would sell land that belongs to south africa , decades after they left . 
  i mean , i ca n't sell my neighboor 's house without buying it beforehand . 
  if you mean a legal ruling on the marbles case , then i 'll dissapoint because it 's still ongoing , thus no ruling has been teleased . 
  considering the attackers were probably tuareg insurgents ( did n't read the article ) then yes . 
  slag is also a by product of the steel industry , which is probably the origin of the name . 
  funny to see part of what made the uk so powerful be so unknown today . 
  iirc , the marbles were bought from the ottoman state at a time when athens did not belong to it anymore , thus it was illegal . 
  fourth degree mental burns, 
  meh , doesnnt bother me really . 
  absolutely , however i do n't think it 's the only factor . 
  wow , easy on the defensive mate . 
  i 'm short ob time so just use the reddit search , if you do n't mind , using keywords such as finlabd , migrants , return . 
  it 's especially confusing when you start to understand but ultimately fail because the information is often from different doctrines . 
  catholisism , orthodoxy and protestantism are but the tip of the iceberg . 
  the info i gave you was what i recall from my religious classes in an orthodox country , therefore there is a certain bias . 
  i see . 
  the story i heard was that her helicopter had a malfuction due to a close explosion and landed in separatist territory , close to the front line . 
  we 'll see how it 'll end . 
  tell you what , there 's a bit o ' land between us , i suggest we divide it among ourselves and in the middle have a nice little canal/river . 
  what says you ? 
  a representative number would be the amount of such `` refugees '' leaving to go back to their countriez or to germany . 
  i read sope time ago that many iraq citizens returned home because they hated finland . 
  considering the country has lived tribal wars since time immemorial i ca n't really feel sorry , if towards the innocent and those who tried to leave it behind and improve the country . 
  excessive and inefficient bureaucracy are two things that tend to be very close , but not always . 
  wonder how she got on `` russian soil '' ... 
  of course , however i 've heard of some chinese complaining too . 
  i guess it all depends on the location/population , but when there 's a big cue , they usually call another cashier to assist . 
  they do that at aldi but usually are very slow or ignoribg the problem . 
  especially in my previous lidl where i waited 45 minutes in a line , one attendant for the whole shop . 
  it was almost always like that every week day between 17 and 19 o'clock . 
  horrific . 
  awww :(, 
  i find it relatively decent of him to tell people to go out . 
  which is funny when you 've seen chinese kids shitting in the street , without scold from their parents , or other asians shouting all over , some times disregarding bins and making a mess . 
  i read somewhere that russian law permits this . 
  however it does n't permit to abduct somebody from foreign soil . 
  makes me think of the middle earth . 
  wonder if the pre-warming geography was an inspiration for tolkien . 
  the dutch prefer having borders with france rather than with belgium and germany ? 
  that 's actually touching, 
  the fruits at both lidl and aldi are pretty good , on par with carrefour ( have n't checked all types of course ) . 
  avocados are better at the two first , but lemons and apples are better at carrefour . 
  what 's really bad is the bread , the tins and some cheese . 
  the selection of beers at lidl is also absolutely dreadful while the waiting times are rather long . 
  this has been a fact for me when going to lidl stores in three northern france cities , one in the south , one in belgium and one in greece . 
  the one in southern france was better than the others though , though the population compred to the others is smaller , perhaps helping in general . 
  the distinction must be made because places like lidl and aldi can be quite terrible , while i 've never been dissapointed by carrefour , auchan or leclerc . 
  they probably have the low end produce , however they were never outright disgusting . 
  perhaps just bland . 
  afaik god is part of the holy trinity , and as one specific synode established , no member of the holy trinity is more important than the other and at the same time they are part of the same thing , like three parts of a pue with equal weight that make up a whole pie, 
  he is not god , he is part of the holy trinity . 
  the reason i knew of is because when it was discovered the earth was going through a very warm period , around the 11th century if i recall well and thus there was plenty of grass , while iceland , which was discovered earlier , was colder and filled with ice and snow . 
  all the `` italian '' pizza places around me are run by turks , so no dice there . 
  reminds me of an instance in paris i think , where reporters tried to make a `` documentary '' to show the hardships that gypsies ( iirc ) faced in their everyday lives . 
  they ended up being robbed and maybe even slightly bruised . 
  so a hungarian german , living in france and with royalist political ideas . 
  we need to dig deeper !, 
  except that in the case with santa , you 're glad because you get gifts . 
  unless if you deem fast coppery things as gifts . 
  except that in the case with santa , you 're glad because you get gifts . 
  unless if you deem fast coppery things as gifts . 
  there 's a french writer called laurent deutsch . 
  our president is called fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  there are jokes to be made there i tell you !, 
  i thought it applied to the peshmerga and the other iraq kurdish group . 
  helped roche and killed radovid , suck it !, 
  i think it 's much higher than 10 millions . 
  i also doubt what you say , because the mere fact that non integration of those migrants is still a problem 30-40 years later . 
  yes precious ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ precioussssss, 
  you 're dead in my playthough , nananana !, 
  how many migrants came and stayed in france , spain , the uk , germany , sweden etc etc in the past 30-40 years ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure it 's much more than turkey has , so that implied poor record is pretty rich coming from gollum . 
   why should n't a guy from this republic do the same thing ?!, 
  i do n't follow you , wht same thing if i may ask ?
