  orly on the other hand was a nightmare for me . 
  you make a good point . 
  in my opinion you base this on absolutes . 
  many people have more than a little muscle which may change the thresholds of the bmi in their case , it does n't necessarily make it irrelevant . 
  in short the more muscle you have the more the bmi levels change in terms of whether or not they are obese or skinny , but it 's by no ways a sudden thing . 
  at least that 's how i understand it . 
  many people have manual jobs that require strength , so i doubt it 's 0,5 % . 
  i think you 're confusing it with another which was northern macedonian republic , which greece did n't agree with and proposed this one . 
  it would n't make sense otherwise . 
  or it 's too late for me to think . 
  i notice something but it 's not just ultranationalists . 
  more and more people join and thus more extremists , however putting them all in the ultranationalist basket does n't help much . 
  if you have the proof to prove them wrong or to prove they are lying then post it and just wait for the points to go down and eventually for them to be ridiculed . 
  just an fyi , it 's `` because '' . 
  i never said otherwise , but they do n't constitute more than 50 % of the region , perhaps not even 40 % , which was my original point . 
  for english there 's always ireland and cyprus ( i think ? ), 
  and perhaps estonia . 
  actually , the name is 30-40 % accurate based on the ancient macedonia and 40-50 % accurate base don the current geographical region of macedonia . 
  and alternative ? 
  northern macedonia . 
  northern republic of macedonia . 
  northern macedonian republic and more !, 
  a very simple problem , as you say , with a very simple solution . 
  yet , at least in the past , that did n't suit the fyrom side , exactly just like macedonia or republic of macedonia does n't suit greece . 
  i also heard the names vardar macedonia , though that may not be as desirable . 
  also slavomacedonia , which was a huge no-no if i recall well . 
  ah , do n't know then . 
  his phrasing is a bit odd for this hour . 
  i feel like you just described me with perfect accuracy o.o, 
  i disagree . 
  if we take this purely theoretically , does that mean we should just pick a random side and `` vote for '' it and against the other whenever the issue is not serious or grave enough for an outsider ? 
  in the end that 's just making a unilateral decision . 
  no , i think a compromise is what needs to be done as it will bring , in my opinion , balance and if fair for both will end the dispute on both the national and local level , or at least reduce them to the minimum . 
  doing otherwise would just perpetrate this musty atmosphere , hindering any progress . 
  so ... give fyrom to the british ? 
  i think he means the problem is not albanians or slavs , but the interaction between both . 
  sodium itself is n't too dangerous , nor is water but mix them up and you have a nice firecracker . 
  or watercracker . 
  so just end it on one side 's terms , right ? 
  what a compromise . 
  albanje ? 
  that 's silly , the * geographical * region of macedonia is divided between greece and fyrom ( and bulgaria ) but greece is not . 
  lovely . 
  double the offense , double the fun !, 
  when you see a policeman surrounded by migrants trying to intimitade them into not closing in , with his pals telling him to leave because it 's too dangerous i think you should reassess that , because they often do it , to their peril . 
  the source of the problem is political , the fear of the political backlash , perhaps political correctness but also the refugee or immigration policies and conventions , which in certain cases do n't allow depirtation . 
  yeah , the astronaut , right ? 
  ah , it 's olgierd ? 
  he wants a good thrust if you know what i mean :p, 
  indeed the whole thing is rather silly , how could they not be aware of the ship filming them ? 
  especially since it seemed big , or a least medium sized and not just a zodiac type dinghy . 
  did n't know the byzantines were known as homosexuals ... 
  i see , i had put all french manufacturers in the psa bubble . 
  ah , i though the 200-2010 period was the time when french cars were really bad . 
  guess i was wrong . 
  french engineering is actually closer to make it as bad/cheap as possible but still able to work . 
  at least in the basic foundry/forging industry . 
  it went viral , it was allover the french news anyway ... then people said it was probably fake and that it should be taken with a shovel of salt . 
  please , read my answer to w4hammer before putting words on my lips . 
  you need proof that the proof you give is true and not false or taken out of context . 
  for example the video you show was conveniently cut to the poitn where he actually pierces the boat , which he probably does n't because the lance he uses is usually not sharp but dull , just pointy enough to go through knots and other things . 
  he was most likely trying to catch the boat or lead it/get it closer . 
  therefore that specific video does not support it . 
  also , which testimony , that of the migrants that were taken in greece ? 
  or of the turkish coast guard or of some `` anonymous fisherman ? 
   example ? 
  turkish coast guard never sank an civilian boat . 
  many examples have surfaced either on greek media or elsewhere , but they have as much worth as your `` proof '' because they are either : 1 . 
  partitioned videos , which could very much show different instances -  can be examined by police to determine veracity and other things . 
  2 . not showing the context , often migrant boats are already sinking or taking water when the coast guard , regardless of country , comes to pick them up . 
  other times the video is misinterpreted , as probably it was in your linked video ( s ) . 
  we have no data on whether or not they are occurring often or not , they may as well be one isolated incident or even an accident , with the boat coming back or sending an sos for other boats to come pick them up . 
  there is no proof of the veracity of that video or of the allegations . 
  turkey has such history btw , which can also be contested . 
  i 'm quite aware of those things , chexk my flag 's description . 
  i still do n't see the point of saying this , as i think it was already implied in the first comments . 
  sorry , it might be the lack of sleep , but i still do n't understand what you mean by that . 
  what does it matter if turkey trusts the eu or greece ? 
  because they 'd be out of your weapon range ? 
  or maybe because they 'd be ferried directly in ? 
  well economically speaking , most of the rest , but militarily , after turkey , it 's greece . 
  guess you picked your username rather well then ... 
  what 's your point ? 
  ah , yes , that joke . 
  herm , sorry , did n't come out well , must be because its so musty and old . 
  that 's irrelevant , greece however is a member of the eu , thus its borders are european borders . 
  would you ask a european to guard european borders ? 
  and they do n't lead anywhere if you reach roston vasey !, 
  apparently not many women migrate these days . 
  happy cakeday btw !, 
  yeah , that was silly of me , worse is not the word . 
  more like , on the right track . 
  oh , i thought the fruit , which was weird . 
  why buttblasted komshi ? 
  butthurt i can get but the komshi ? 
  sorry mate but i repeated myself over this in the following thread , a guy asked the same thing , it 's not against you , i 'm just tired . 
  no , i do n't think that . 
  i think that you playing the victim is plain profiteering , while the russians , however silly , lost a plane . 
  also , when you lost that plane , it was your choice not to make a fuss and by no means binds others to that choice . 
  third time you ask the same thing , i suggest you check my previous comment which answers your question quite accuratly .
