  oh i 'm sorry , perhaps i should write every time `` as far as i know '' just in case something changed . 
  so there , i did n't know a piece of information , instead of gloating you could have pointed it out from the beginning . 
  secondly , i never said they are not what - i - want , they are part of a machine , as i already said , with them being easily replaceable cogs . 
  i do n't care to fill the prisons with mere cogs , more will come so why not stop the whole machine , or at least clean it up ? 
  do n't get me wrong when tsohantzopoulos was arrested everybody was weirded out , how is it possible that somebody was * finally * being caught ? 
  it 's a start . 
  he was an important member of pasok that had already a mediocre reputation and compared to the whole `` machine '' , which is the collusion between the greek state and siemens et al he was n't calling the shots . 
  he was important , since he had this position , but he was n't mandating anything , he was a puppet . 
  as for the 60 not being enough , i will say none of it , i will just wait until there is confirmation that perpetrators and responsible parties are either in prison or unable to continue to have political powers . 
  i did n't read the bloomin ( learning a new word ) article , only the part you were mentioning prior but knew about christoforakos . 
  i do n't see why you mention him to me though , i never said it was greece 's fault . 
  it does support my point that the high ups are not yet brought to light , or justice . 
  i did n't answer your question . 
  in my opinion , being unable to communicate with a species could be a reason for it to be morally fine to be hunted . 
  i do n't think it should be the only reason , nor that it gives room for behaving against said species in the worst way possible . 
  to answer your question , no . 
  i never said that man is better for some reason than other species , i do n't care to know that nor to prove that . 
  for moral , practical and health reasons man should not eat another man or very close relative ( monkey ) , but anything else is fair game . 
  and anything else that wants to eat man and manages to , it 's fair game for it too . 
  now if we were to be confronted with a supposed alien that behaved like we did , then it would be in our interest to revise this ( * ) , but since it 's a hypothetical scenario with no prospect of realisation in the near future it has no use to think about it . 
  * : the difference would be in the scale , a sperm whale can eat somebody , fair and square , but if it was something happening all the time action should be taken to go overboard , plants are also considered to be sentient , as they feel things too , may that be simple things such as light or humidity . 
  if we are having scruples about a life being terminated then i am afraid that the only solution would be death by starvation . 
  i do n't think that 's a very popular opinion , luckily . 
  firstly : i had not heard of this . 
  secondly : the two arrested - seem - to be on even a lower hierarchical level , therefore it does n't have much impact , they were mere footmen in a way , at least compared to others who had been in the government at the time . 
  did anybody from i.e. 
  a board member or director ? 
  they were bound to know . 
  thirdly : i 've not shifted anything and the only evidence given was given 30 minutes ago , this comment to which i reply to . 
  if you do n't want to continue , that 's fine , but starting off calling me a hypocrite is rather rude , and in this case i think unwarranted . 
  yeah , he and his wife ( and kids ? ), 
  got royally screwed . 
  the problem is that only they were , while they were simply cogs in a big machine . 
  the weakest link , most easily replaced . 
  for the faroese it is the most readily available food source , whether or not they kill a thousand cows or a hundred whales amounts to the number of dead and the price . 
  whaling is less expensive . 
  as for hunting humans i treat this as a false equivalence because we are the same species and it 's already established that we both can communicate with other humans and that it is already morally wrong to kill humans , especially to eat them . 
  my pleasure . 
  i wonder why yoi were being downvoted thought, 
  further proving the point , it is called lobbying and is legal , while in greece it 's plain old corruption . 
  well there ha.s been confusion , that i do know as a fact . 
  also , officials involved in the scandal are behind bars ? 
  are there any actual ones or just scapegoats , because i 've only heard about those, 
  good targets in the way that the corruption they engaged in was so grossly demesured that it became too obvious . 
  they did have a lot of contracts with the olympics and armaments and so on . 
  plus there 's the story with the shitty subs from kiel . 
  bloody tubs ca n't keep level with the horizon  . < ... 
  i would n't like to insult those working hard on things i may not know , but i do n't think there 's much . 
  the things you see in american movies where a detective gets stopped from pursuing somebody because that person he has connections tends not to be very far from reality in greece . 
  well you said that `` actually im saying that theres likely a political motivation in bringing up the corruption caused by german companies . 
  im not saying theyre excused . 
  they arent . '', 
  i assume you say that because it is relatively new , `` greece needs money , so they say x owes them y because z '' and my answer is that this story is not news at all , as it 's been going around almost a decade now . 
  well frankly the corruption charges are brought up on siemens since 2005 or 2006 , it 's just a lost cause since the german government apparently interferes . 
  why would they , their interests are in siemens camp . 
  speaking of corruption in the north , there was a post a month ago here about sweden and their housing problem . 
  i ca n't find it now though , using simple keywords , sweden , housing , corruption . 
  strange ... 
  a reason why there is corruption , in general ( and of course not the sole reason ) is that certain things that are not illegal are not legal either , putting projects for example in limbo . 
  my memory is bad but if i recall well there was a law that did not permit for people to have a pergola on their balcony , or something of the sort , but it did n't forbid it either , causing confusion with the only solution being the `` normalisation '' of existing buildings , some times by means of corruption ( if the build had passed a date , it was legal otherwise ) . 
  considering germany does not extradite a greek national greece in relation with the siemens scandal to face trial says something in my humble opinion . 
  corruption in greece makes the system inefficient . 
  in germany it apparently does n't . 
  that does n't mean there is no corruption . 
  perhaps in greece it is corruption while in germany it 's very carefully planed lobbying . 
  the line between both can be blurry . 
  the way he formulated it lead some to think he put the blame more on greece than equally between the two . 
  the greeks are pissed ( rightly ) because of that but also because of the `` i can do better syndrome '' , where they cant ally themselves easily because they all want to lead . 
  bit like the leadership of the ffa in ww2 , the cockfights between the communists , royalists and gaullistes , and others . 
  i 'd like to say social justice warriors are maybe more influential that thought before , but i guess that 'd be close to conspiracy theories . 
  on the other extreme , in france , many workers in the shipyards used asbestos and demand compensation for the illness they may contract , but havent yet , jeopardising the fund put in place for those who are currently suffering from cancer et al. 
  i see it differently . 
  whale and man are unable to communicate , even if they could , i have no idea over it . 
  thus regulating since we are currently incompatible , and as long a the subject is not endangered or treated inhumanly and if there is a reason for killing one another ( sirvival ) then it 's fair game . 
  i do n't know if i 've made my point clear , it doesnt sound so , but until there can be some sort of communication , the relationship is one of a hunter and hunted for those interested , and for the rest , passers by , or other . 
  supposing they are more intelligent than us , just for the sake of the argument . 
  how does that change anything ? 
  i 'm not trying to come up as edgy , i simply do n't see where the problem is . 
  `` even i you want otherwise '' mate , i 'm saying the same thing , or at the most that this would have been delayed for a very brief time . 
  i 'd think that they did n't do that simply because it was n't profitable , not because they had scruples . 
  besides , had they supported the greek government and perhaps the bulgarian for longer ( instead of supporting the turkish at the end ) , perhaps the situation might have been different . 
  although perhaps a more unstable one , ready to blow , ending up in what did happen , just a year or so later . 
  british command was found very lacking even then , after the campaign . 
  i forget the name , but one of the officers in command of the whole operation was sitting in his couch on his ship , disconnected from the battle following a plan that was far from perfect . 
  the allies had learned of the fortifications and of the expertise the germans brought , but that specific commander did not act accordingly and was recalled after the event . 
  could n't ? 
  or simply didnt want to because of political reasons ? 
  why cultivate a bad sentiment with a beaten country that could offer interesting supplies ? 
  the greek fleet also , even if outgunned an outnumbered could have held the ottomans . 
  they did so in the first balkan war after all , two years prior . 
  eh , cant understand that argument either , some goats can be pretty damn clever , yet nobody bothers . 
  whaling is bloodier than fishing in what way ? 
  in terms of lives lost , no , more fish die in nets than in faroese beaches . 
  in terms of suffering ? 
  reportedly whales are killed very swiftly to be the most humane possible , fish tend to suffer in nets . 
  after the animls are dead , what does it matter if the sight is bloody ? 
  as cleese said in the parrot sketch : it 's bloody deceased . 
  it wont mind much . 
  probably not , but if the train contains gold from many countries , perhaps the greek gold is contained there . 
  nobody said its from one place only .
