  it seems to me as being one of the less important issues in the matter , albeit bein among the top ones . 
  imo the redux versions are very nice , better than the old versions but ideally one should play all four . 
  yep and somehow he can equate the german foreign policy as being as bad as ww2 . 
  you have some good comedians in the isles ,, 
  thing is , she took a situation , said some things to score political points and in turn made the situation worse . 
  we were n't exactly denyin entry before . 
  if the country gets united the law will be common and the dialog would be open , it 'll probably be easier this way . 
  have i been witness to an act of niceness from a dutch ? 
  how can this be ? 
  it 's flattering , it means that sweden is a better country because of how good it 's neighbors are , compared to finland 's . 
  it 's the sum of the negatives !, 
  poor belgians, 
  maybe we are not so different , us and the dutch . 
  we should partner up , perhaps create a country where we could mix both our cultures and - ... wait a minute , i 've seen that before somewhere ... 
  we now call it tyromancy . 
  ( witcher 3 reference ), 
   if you write ... 
  i already answered to that that she should have done better and included sources . 
  as for giving you links , i 'm on mobile but if you run a search in the search bar of this subs with `` male rape center '' you should find the articles in question . 
  jesus , just go check the previous articles on the story . 
  sure , she should have put her sources , but in this case we know what she refers to , so why do you ask me those things ? 
  why does this remind me of the televangelists ... 
  true enough , but in this case it did n't bother me and many others because we had seen the source ( s ) prior to that , but she should 've still put them in . 
  i do n't like champagne much , you win by default :p sucks because i even come from reims , the `` capital '' of champagne . 
  yeah , the more i re-read my two previous comments the less sense i can make sense out of them . 
  i want journalism that says the truth . 
  the first article claiming sweden to be the first etc etc was lying . 
  this article is not . 
  it 's as simple my friend and i do n't care what the agenda of either journo is because then kicks in my critical spirit , or whatever it 's called . 
  if politicians were to be more careful with their demagogie because journos and others call them out and people notice , then that 's a good thing in my book . 
  i do n't see it like chosing who you want to treat you , it 's not a whim , rather than a necessity for the person . 
  you could draw a parallel with pobias , ca n't force them to watch a spider or a duck . 
  sure thing , have a good evening . 
  just and fyi , it 's than . 
  then is used when you want to show the order of things , for example yesterday i went to the park and then to the zoo . 
  perhaps but what do you do with people who are scared , for example , of certain people in the staff ? 
  rape supposzdly leaves psychological marks , are n't they supposed to manifest themselves in some cases ? 
  it 's not that i disagree with you , hell , i hate the idea of the safe spaces and all that jazz but i do n't this case can be treated in the exact same way, 
  lack of a source in the article does n't nececitate lack of it 's existence and is not necessarily bad journalism but an omission . 
  as for it being new , she is right , as the media stated that the clinic was new and that it 'd treat men . 
  an assumption takes you to the new clinic treats only men as opposed to the old ones and that is not an assumption that is illogical as the opposite was n't stated in the articles . 
  also , as said in the article in question , other countries have such clinics for both men and women , which still maintains that that clinic is not the first in the world , perhaps in sweden . 
  as for your conclusion , i mostly agree , though i think she blames them for taking the opportunity to score political points , which in my opinion is fair criticism . 
  maybe , i do n't know , but i guess it could be part of the treatment , no ? 
  of course , not permanent `` removal '' of coughkebabcough , i mean males , but a way to rebuild the confidence of the person and so on . 
  again , this is but a suggestion , i do n't know how these things work either . 
   males is reinforcing her insecurities , not helping against them . 
  i do n't disagree , but it may be a part of the treatment/recovery . 
  if it 's for ever then of course it 's a form of segregation , absolutely . 
  as for the veterans , i suppose it 's as you say and must be judged individually . 
  can we really say it 's equivalent to the safe spaces ? 
  i see it more as a medical/psychological necessity , though of course i may be wrong . 
  as for veterans , they do n't get `` triggered '' by muslims but by gunshots , unexpected loud noises et al. 
  at least those with ptsd . 
  i do n't know what the right course of action is , i 'm just putting myself in the place of the person in question to understand what ( s ) he meant why that . 
  i do n't follow your point and do n't agree with your conclusion . 
  i think it 's just another instance of progressivism clashing with conservatism . 
  many posts were up on here about the opening , maybe a month or two ago . 
  i also do n't know if a politician is involved , doubt it . 
  no , that it was a lie used in a situation with political weight . 
  not telling the truth and being a lie is also not the same . 
  the way i see it is that the journalist wants to criticize the state of things which would legitimise saying a lie . 
  in any case , there was some focus some time ago , when the male rape centre was first announced , so it is only logical to debunk the false claims , or try to . 
  i think people tend to use the term feminazi and not feminism because they think there is a clear distinction . 
  in this sub you 'll find that most people are pro equality , which second wave feminism is in agreement with . 
  third wave is n't though and those are often called as feminazis . 
  as for meaningful discussions , they do n't start with people calling all commenters morons and the thread meaningless , at least in my opinion . 
  well that 's what i suggested , with my feeble mind , that would be the reason for that . 
  i do n't understand what people do n't agree with tho . 
  guess people who saw assertions being made , which turn out to be false ? 
  how is this shitty journalism , since it debunks what had been previously said by other journalists ? 
  the original article may be a proof of shitty journalism , but why this one ? 
  why do you think the article is stupid ? 
  to me it seems that it mostly just reports things . 
  do elaborate . 
  well i do n't know how those centres operate , so ... 
  well as long as theya re not male to female transgender , why put them in the female section ? 
  but wait , there 's more !, 
  football and video games are about winning , winning is an excercise of power , thus video games and sports are rape , so they should either be banned or the winner and loser conditions should be removed . 
  how fun !, 
  or that they are so egotistical that they 'd be ready to deny admission to males because the females might feel discomfort . 
  there are always curtains and doors to tend to that . 
  i meant that the women may be told to `` shrug it off '' because they are in the same position as men but that does n't make sense . 
  dunno what i meant exactly . 
  an argument that could be sound is that males in the rape center may be stressful for the females , however that can be solved easily by having either side closed to the other so that nobody sees the other . 
  no problem !, 
  merry christmas to you too !, 
  perhaps it means that some people may use that fact against women , in a way to make them conform and not complain , maybe . 
  it does seem odd . 
  suppose so . 
  i think drinking in brittany is more associated with the bad weather combined with the traditional lifestyle of the peasant and sailor who needs to warm himself or just pass the time . 
  it is also quite present in the north and in the ardennes if i recall well , where one could draw similar parallels but also with the lower economic `` level '' of the general populace . 
  true , but it still does n't give the actual content of the article but the submission would 've been deleted had i put a summary as a title , as per the mods for editorialisation . 
  dang , did n't think about it . 
  guess the simplest solution is the most effective . 
  tried making the first part in bold . 
  now the headline looks shitty : /, 
  i 'd say even two years , but you had to register with an email . 
  do n't recall if it 's still the case . 
  traveling through and to/from cdg for the past 15 years , twice a year , only had once a problem which was cause by another passenger .
