  depending on the difficulty one might chose , you want the ai to simply be able act as a human , or rather close . 
  sure , that is unrealistic , but then again , when articles like this : http://kotaku.com/maybe-we-cant-handle-smart-enemies-in-our-games-1542300804 come up , you can see the divide . 
  since some seem to brag about what the ai is capable of , then you may as well give the ability to test it out . 
  anyway , rant off ... 
  some games at higher difficulty make you feel like the enemy has more skill than you , is faster and that you have to adapt to survive . 
  in bethesda games though it 's like going against a boulder with a hammer . 
  the harder you go , the bigger the boulder , harder the material and smaller the hammer . 
  it just becomes a grind . 
  that 's my main gripe about these games . 
  they 're using microwaves , that 's how trump knows he 's been listened on , he 's using one himself !, 
  well , i do n't know much on the subject but my paternal grandfather 's mother was from smyrni and fled in 1922 ( even got to know her , never knew how old she was when she died possibly more than 100 ) while his father was from constantinople . 
  their parents had names ending in - idis so it may or may not also be a case of a name just traveling a lot . 
  true , but it was mostly pontic greeks that bear the names with said suffixes , especially during the population exchanges which accentuated the differences with local greeks, 
  perhaps , but when i mentioned him being a manipulator i implied that he continues said manipulation through his writings . 
  i ca n't know for sure . 
  i do n't agree , terrorism is the effect to strike fear in people by enacting some sort of large scale for apolitical reason/ideological reason . 
  just because we want to put a label on things to be able to make up our mind on them does n't mean that things change . 
  the attack in london for example , may he be alone or in the most extensive group , is an act of terrorism and that is all . 
  wether or not it is affiliated with a group is another story completely . 
  one could very well argue that one must be mentally ill to carry out anu sort of terrorist attack , should we also classify those not as terrorism in the end ? 
  the motive is not making money , it 's not a crime of passion , the only aim is to kill complete unknowns that just happen to be there . 
  the last part of each name , - idis and - glu show the origin of the person 's name , the pontus region and a turkish name . 
  pontic people are not macedonians by `` birth '' , as many came from all around the black sea , mostly the turkish part , though some have been in macedonia from even before the greek revolution . 
  names ending in - glu mean , if i rememeber well , `` son of ... '' in turkish , but the rest of the name can be greek or turkish , or even something else . 
  in summary , they are names that indicate the family is not from macedonia , at least not originally . 
  which does n't mean that much . 
  possibly , but is n't he also considered as a double faced figure , a manipulator ? 
  sneek on a spleen, 
  limnos ' wines have many awards , though i 've no actual experience with them, 
  seems to be made by an american ... 
  it must be said though that the drowned child , aylan afaik , was washed up on turkish coasts , originally going for greece , not italy . 
  first time hearing a spaniard , either speaking spanish or english was so weird , like , mate , stop being weird and speak normal greek o.o, 
  yeah , a lot of mixture of general european history and nameplaces . 
  i see , thanks for asking them mate , appreciate it . 
  in a series back in maybe 2006 , there was a talk about marriage , with the woman said there might be a problem with her side of her family . 
  then the parents of the groom asked if they were french saying it `` should '' be ok ... then she said they were muslims and inb4 shitfest . 
  funny , considering there are many salt mines in the surrounding areas, 
  not yet , but it might change , as there are many technologies currently being developed/tested . 
  ok , do you know more specifically which phone they have ? 
  if not , it 's ok . 
  what do you mean by fine ? 
  i have a phone which i got for a bit less than 190 or so and it drives me nuts , after 1 year of use . 
  are xiaomi phones good in general ? 
  i was considering buying one . 
  i love this and see a huge amount of potential . 
  would love to see more , from all-over europe . 
  i 've read only a few mangas , but for me the architecture in ds and those mangas are the same thing more or less , medieval/renaissance architecture with fantasy elements but from the lens of a japanese , a person who 's not seen many actual examples of said buildings . 
  if i recall well , anor londo in ds1 was filled with spires everywhere , with all the buildings looking like the top part of a cathedral , which is not an actual representation of an actual city . 
  it 's playing on accentuating some elements , multiplying them and placing them all over the place . 
  not that i mind really . 
  afaik the other name for orichalcum is brass , which is n't exactly the most exotic of alloys . 
  finland could also become part of russia lol ... 
  oh yeah , of course , i was just fantasizing . 
  the way i see it , if there 's a coalition and jupp\u00e9 / macron and their cabinets go along well , we might have a strong government which wo n't be afraid of certain decisions because they might not be powerful enough in the s\u00e9nat and parlement . 
  even better , what if they formed a coalition , like the one 20 or so years ago ? 
  might turn out good . 
  `` ok , i 'll take your stapler then - saarland '', 
  nooooooooooo, 
  eh , sadly the interest was shortlived for me . 
  i see . 
  this image could be a nice inspiration for some sort of medieval game . 
  do n't think so , finno-ugric is , i think , generally regarded as an uralic language , while mongols and turkic peoples are altaic , from the altai range , which would be farther in east central asia . 
  if i recall well , the `` mongol '' characterization of finns is more propaganda than truth , perhaps based on the history of the magyars , which might have been brought in the area of europe either by fleeing or joining the mongols ( possibly the huns , centuries before ) , without actually being mongols . 
  i 'm not sure ive got this info right , but it might be quite similar to the visigoths , which were also displaced during the times of the huns , either joining them or fleeing them and were n't huns themselves . 
  absolutely , i 've read somewhere that frisian is actually the closest ancestor to modern english , which is itself a germanic language in its core . 
  does it replace a function which was done by a person ? 
  nobody was there to open your door unless if you were royalty , something that does not happen in most factories . 
  well , i guess it may have been a very specific scenario , the one i heard about , as it the mirrage came on only with established lock-ons on the f-16s , which may not just be enough in a real life case . 
  i also ignore which version either sets of aircraft were , thus one ca n't know for sure which was having the advantage . 
  i do remember distinctly though the end of the article which more or less said `` further proof that the mirrage 2000 is a better multirole but also fighter jet than the f-16 . 
  case in point , the mirrage 2000 , in service 10 years before the f-16 and as far as i know always better in training or simulated dog fights . 
  huh , funny , we usually get the blame all the time ... 
  man , that castle ... 
  i identify as grammar vichyiste , thank you very much . 
  mmmmm , electrolytes !, 
  oh my god ... 
  did i make that comparison ? 
  i did not . 
  i never said that there was one , only wanting to show that the comment above me was n't as relevant or on point . 
  indeed , however it goes to show that the above statement is n't a good rebuttal to the comment it replied . 
  guess the us , which has n't had a female president is as bad then ? 
  eh , at least it seems like a good move from my perspective . 
  sounds like an active and good president and from an outsiders point of view , a person putting the good of the country before the ruling party . 
  reminds me of babylon a.d. , in which the international terrorism hub was located in , i think , uzbekistan . 
  `` she deserved it '' i doubt highly that the police or most people in france think like that . 
  miklagard is the icelandic ( faroyar too ? ), 
  name , mudgard is the world of men , earth in a sense . 
  might be middle earth , between asgard and the other one , frost world or something . 
  with a spoon you can whack the illegal logger faster than with a pot . 
  same for satelites , many more can be brought down on them while there 's only one penal code . 
  what do you mean i got it all wrong ? 
  in my opinion not so much , as it did n't really start for a silly reason , but because of a misunderstanding and the fatal results of it . 
  there are probably better balkan examples anyway . 
   the incident at petrich , or the war of the stray dog , [ 2 ] was a greek -- bulgarian crisis in 1925 , in which there was a short invasion of bulgaria by greece near the border town of petrich , after the killing of a greek captain and a sentry by bulgarian soldiers . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] the incident ended after a decision of the league of nations . 
  what you said was a bit misleading , the killing of two people was the thing that started a crisis , and not a war . 
  good thing bologn and modena are not in the balkans then . 
  ah yeah , i forgot we french are the most incompetent in the world , good to be reminded ... 
  that too . 
  i also remember an incident , in greece this time , about 3-4 years ago when a gypsy woman stole beer ( ? ),
