  how do you want to repay the debts when you run on a deficit and do n't have any real industry or any * readily usable * resources ? 
  nice way to generalise . 
  the so called `` moderates '' were supposedly the same as royalists if i recall well, 
  afaik the average is at 41 hours a week . 
  but it would be nice to have the choice, 
  of course how silly of me , i have n't been there in the first place , ever !, 
  well , it 's not all nice and rosey i think , concerning the countries from where we accuired the uranium , but i guess it 's not the worse , so there 's that . 
  i think the amount of dead from the smog must have been higher than because of nuclear leaks . 
  on the french news , if i recall well , it was told that pollution ( of the air ) may account for quite a significant portion of the expenses in the health sector , and thus for the deaths . 
  ublock on the android stor is for phobe calls , is it working for adds too ? 
  why , because false rape accusations ca n't and do n't happen ? 
  notice also that i specifically did n't place any gender while talking about it because it 's not exclusive to either sex . 
  if you do n't have interest in a certain part of what i said , why not continue on with the rest ? 
  to me you come as somebody who 'd rather be offended than respond to criticism/argument . 
  if it is not so then i apologise . 
  see , now i think you 're trolling . 
  by your own admission you should be censored . 
  nice counter argument by the way . 
  that 's strange ... my grandfather was complaining the other day they do n't make bayonet anymore and only the `` german type '' but he would n't care for fluorescence since he 's kept to incandescence . 
  yes , and then people can claim you are trolling when you are n't . '', 
  he 's racist , ban him from political speeches , he 's antisemitic , censor him , he 's islamophobic , fire him ! '', 
  how many times have we had innocents going in rough spots because of false accusations ? 
  or with false rape accusations too , some people have been ruined , both economically and mentally because one person would n't take responsibility for his/her actions . 
  well would n't that be censorship though ? 
  i think we already have enough of it . 
  i saw some in carrefour maybe two or three months ago , do n't think it 's prohibited , simply discouraged . 
  well , for all it 's worth , good luck . 
  `` sudden influx in greece '' you mean the increase of the influx , but this has been going on in greece for as much time as it 's going for you , the demographic is simply a bit different the the size of the country . 
  the z2 is also rather nice . 
  had to settle for a wiko sadly : /, 
  about that , i think i recall a push for him to take over the past year but that may have been a classic iznogood case , being the calife in the place of the calife, 
  a couple of months ago i thought it was platini who wanted to make such a `` r\u00e9novation '' , althought i guess it may have been just a smokescreen . 
  ah , all-right . 
  yeah , he prefers perrier , smaller bubles and more dense :p, 
  i do n't read the press or listen to the news : / 2 . 
  for the time being , why not ? 
  if things go south thought he could change his attitude , for the greater good . 
  i think valls could , theoretically , but it would most likely break the government so i do n't think it would do more good than `` evil '' . 
  damn poles , there goes all my popcorn stash !, 
  seriously though , i ca n't find any popcorn anywhere in my town  . <, 
  they both pushed for qatar ? 
  i have not . 
  seems to have worked , thanks !, 
  what did platini and valcke do ? 
  apparently the woodworking traditions are very much alive and well because of this . 
  would love to visit such places , museums if there are . 
  aziz , light !, 
  they be stealin ' our jobs mate !, 
  not always shit . 
  additionally , my grandfather ca n't stand bread with bubbles , which most bakeries produce so he is more or less forced to buy the carrefour one . 
  in my opinion a lot of the costs are inflated . 
  for example gransfors br\u00fcks , john neeman , autine , even woodworking brands lie nielsen and veritas and many others have extreme prices . 
  husqvarna makes axes for a third of gransfors , both made in sweden and for more or less the same weight . 
  unless if the steel used is some particle metallurgy one or some hs steel , the price difference seems to me completely falsified . 
  and the husqvarna does n't seem to use a bad steel either . 
  a quick search tells me they use c55u , a pure version of the c55 , which is pretty basic . 
  it 's almost a construction steel . 
  it was stated it 's hardened at more than mid 50 rockwell , perhaps as much as 60 . 
  allthought the quench would only be superficial , the edge holding would tend to be rather poor , with chipping happening easily . 
  in any case the price is not justified , if it is that kind of steel . 
  what annoys me is their price tag and absolutely no mention of the steel used . 
  if you want to sell your stuff as high , at least give us so meat !, 
  as i told you before , the original article i am talking about , which was out thrre or so years ago stated this . 
  the only thing relevant that i could find currently was this . 
  see what i mean ? 
  the link works but not the download  . < eh , i 'll check it out tomorrow , see if it can be found someplace else, 
  i 'm still getting a page inaccessible error . 
  did you have to log in to acess it ? 
  http://m.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e468c26-f6ab-11e2-8620-00144feabdc0.html this is the article that may have been the origin of the other article in question , however it does n't back my claim except the part where an industrialist gives his opinion on the matter . 
  as for solar in france , nothing 's really stopping it for all i know since the government 's been pushing for years to have a greener energy and edf et all do n't really seem to mind . 
  in the end i know fuck all though . 
  a bot alerted me of the fact the site has a paywll , so if you ca n't get past it let me know so i caan copy paste the text here . 
  germany was the top 10 years ago , only to fall at 18 % and china 50 . http://m.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e468c26-f6ab-11e2-8620-00144feabdc0.html this seems to have been the origin of the article i mentioned , which i ca n't seem to find , ending up in being the opinion , or perhaps estimation of an industrialist . 
  skimmed the article and it does n't mention germany or any german official , unless de gucht is n't dutch , which iv ' e no idea about . 
  edit : apparently there 's a paywall , so if you ca n't get past it i 'll copy paste the text . 
  if i recall well , as per the article back then the german government was lobbying to close down the sectors in favour of the chinese industry which as you said was fore competitive . 
  i have not and sadly my backlog is steadily growing ... 
  your link does n't seem to work by the way . 
  i see your angle and you are right , but as i said previously when i say germany i mean the german government , nothing to do with local government or the people . 
  my main gripe would be with merkel and schauble for that matter ... 
  i do n't think that it 's bland kraut-bashing , germany , or more accurately the latest german governments seemed to prioritise their nation to the detriment of other eu countries . 
  for example the solar panel sector that merkel wanted to sell off to china , which would n't harm german economy , just french and spanish . 
  that 's my main gripe with germany anyway and i feel it is so for laboe . 
  or he could be just a ukip fan or something . 
  i think laboe meant in general that germany tries to turn the eu more to their profit , rather than the collective profit , which i partly agree with . 
  i 'm not sure it makes you necessarily a eurosceptic populist . 
  being a federalist does n't mean not having standards or self respect ... 
  french industries are what keeps the country afloat , but in the case of unions and protests it 's not exactly all danty and rosy . 
  well then it becomes an exception , no ? 
  most big companies do n't know their workers much . 
  would n't it be better to not see the relatioship between a faceless company and a person without putting `` feelings '' in ? 
  i 've been treated both well and bad by two different multis for example . 
  i think we should see it as such , a company needs people to operate and people need to work to live , so it ends up in a case of i scratch your back and you scratch mine . 
  nothing is owed apart from scratching the other reciprocally , and if one is not satisfied by the scratching he can go find someone else . 
  it was mentioned that what you said previously was mostly in jest , now i see this . 
  you 're confusing me !, 
  my sarcasm meter is not very keen on the interwebs so i probably missed it . 
  your answer is the other extreme of business-phobia and i do n't think it 's too much better . 
  your talks of honour remind me of wh 40k and the honour of serving the imperium : propaganda, 
  loyalty to what , a multinational that hates your guts and tties to fuck you over at every chance ?
