  looks stupid . 
  i love it !, 
  the thing i like the most in those , especialy heavy/military trucks is the engine hood shaped like a v. it 's imposing , like a maw even . 
  i like the cars of the 40-60 period and the art deco/streamline types . 
  especially the pontiac star chief ( s ) . 
  for newer cars i guess the firebird , mad max 's car ( infiltrator ? 
  ) , but otherwise i 'm not really interested . 
  maybe with the hummer for the sheer size of it . 
  \u00c9dit : as for the pics you provided , i feel like it 's just another one of those cars we see all the time . 
  sure , the back is a bit different but the whole shape is more or less the same . 
  if performance is in question then i ca n't really say much , i do n't know shit about that . 
  greece 's borders are also european borders , thus the burden must be shared . 
  if you do n't want the migrants then at least provide a good carrot and stick , otherwise you 're just a bully . 
  so much for a union ... 
  so in order for germans not be confronted with migrants other people must be evacuated ? 
  is there a priority list for rights in europe that i do n't know of ? 
  all this is out of the window for the past 2 years , at the least . 
  the government , as you would probably be aware has many sections , some called ministries . 
  the ministry of culture does not go around fixing the debt or teach tsipras about diplomacy . 
  if you are so scared of them fucking up then pay a fee for the marbles , just like when other museums borrow the artifacts of another one . 
  this way you fix the issue momentarily and help them fuck up less . 
  as for the rest of your comment it does n't deign a response , you lost your marbles - pun intended . 
  is it the ministry of culture 's job to work out the debt ? 
  additionally , this case is open for a very long time , probably before even greece had a junta , doez it mean they should close their eyes and shut up in every case that is not related to the debt ? 
  what a silly argument . 
  as if you ca n't do more than one thing at a time . 
  similarily , '' you should be proud the brits helped fuck you up with the civil war , otherwise it 'd been the russians '' . 
  what a silly argument . 
  awwww : c, 
  i think a distinction must be made between the countries of origin . 
  afaik palm oil was initially used in the general are of the islands south/south-east of china , philippines and indonesia , where the production is perfectly legaland sustainable . 
  however the production in the amazon seems to be like soya , destroying the ecosystem and leading to deforestation . 
  might be, 
  please , half frog . 
  i 'm half cat/dolphin/phoenix otherwise . 
  now that 's the kind of hybrid i 'd love to have . 
  dibs on the pringiponisia !, 
  it 's not english , it 's called bad french :p jk , plis no kill, 
  i see . 
  we are just arguing . 
  i 'm insulting and calling him out on the fact he brings up the name dispute for no reason other than to stir trouble where there was none . 
  he then answered saying that cultural appropriation is fascism and some other things . 
  just a senseless `` debate '' . 
  i read somewhere that this is because that map was showing the garissons , not the regions themselves . 
  this makes sense because many other regions/themata were also `` moved '' . 
  was it not based on their works though ? 
  i always thought they kidan created the basis that was then just refined . 
  you go looking for trouble where there is none . 
  just an fyi , without wantibg to sound patronising , `` affect '' is the correct version . 
  however it 's based on the phonetics of the slavs of the time of cyril and methodius , so it 's more like a 50 / 50 deal . 
  yeah , if you have no idea what the prices actually are . 
  in greece almost everything in super markets is more expensive than in france , yet the median income is much lower . 
  add to that the abysmal taxation and you 've got a nice trainwreck . 
  `` irritated by reader complaints about the cost of eating out i decided to visit a classic parisian gastro-palace , as a reality check . '', 
  i like what he 's smoking, 
  `` 100 % reliable '', 
  do you imply granite is the limit in terms of the material that is possible to shape ? 
  it 's not yet implemented . 
  my plan is unlimited internet , calls , sms in all eu countries and some others for 15 ( 20 without the home internet plan ) , and it 's quite good , though i dunno if other countries have cheaper plans . 
  should so , now to see if it 's applied . 
  possibly france , if free telecom does what they said they would , which is give 100gb for 2 euros, 
  in the past two years they 've increased the benefits for their mobile division for both the 20 and 2 $ plan , applied to both those who were using them already but also for new customers . 
  dunno the reasoning but it 's pretty awesome . 
  probably would be like calling the brits as protestants , or anglicans . 
  calm down mr. powell . 
  eh , i 'm a cynic , imo they just want to make more money/reduce costs by simply releasing games before being completely finished . 
  well , that 's why , it 's not a bethesda game , it 's an arkane game . 
  i know two south africans , they also say the same thing . 
  power station ... 
  the big solar thing , like a tower ? 
  to be fair , is some random bloke had a jab at me with a spear or a javelin and did n't miss , i would n't be in too good of a state , so i guess that on that part it 's fair , but yeah , your enemy 's face has received 5 lazer shots ? 
  nope , not dead yet !, 
  just like in skyrim , that 's when i stopped playing , when on max difficulty i found a bandit chief , randomly spawned in the wilderness and started shooting him , at first in sneaky mode . 
  i ended up killing him , something like five or ten minutes later , with his face being a fucking porcupine of arrows . 
  imo that 's bullshit , if you get shot , in any bloody game , in the damn middle of the head with no armour or anything and you do n't die or at least get staggered and spew blood all over the place then it 's not good enough . 
  then again i can appreciate a more relaxed game where you 're not in danger of dying at every chance some toddler decides to throw his pacifier at you . 
  not the person you replied to , but if you 're interested , read away . 
  dishonored is among my three favourite games . 
  i am holding off buying the second game only because i want to play it on a better computer at at least 60 fps , fearing it 'll be a lesser experience otherwise . 
  spent dozens , possibly a hundred hours trying to mod or use mods , testing a shit ton of sweetfx and so on . 
  i get what you mean , i believe the reason why they did so is that it made sense in terms of narrative , but also because the devs seem to prefer the stealth option and thus want to increase the challenge , by simply making your wiggle room so much tighter . 
  it could indeed be much different , possibly better , but i ca n't really say . 
  it 's far from perfect of course , but i 've had the time of my life with it . 
  check out the difficulty mod ( s ? 
  ) , might make it more enjoyable . 
  also , try roleplaying it and/or setting specific goals , such as ghost + only use blink and give such challenges . 
  i do n't know if it 's possible to finish the game without using any power at all , and get ghost . 
  might have to test that out on the next playthrough !, 
   i 'd say a big issue with bethesda games comes from how the whole difficulty thing works in them . 
  they do n't get any harder mechanically as you go up in difficulty level , they just give more health and more damage to enemies . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not even that the ai is better , say like in cs where max difficulty bots can shoot you with the shittiest pistol right in the head from across the map . 
   the biggest issue though comes from player progression . 
  in every bethesda game i 've played without mods , i 've eventually progressed to the part where i could n't lose even if i tried . 
  i just did so much damage , or could take so much damage , despite never really using big weapons or the best armour . 
  is n't this , partly at least , because the npc do not level up with you ? 
  they have a standard level and set of stats and that 's it . 
  in the witcher 3 , even though not perfect on that aspect , you were usually matched against opponents usually of the same level , save for the odd bandit and low level quest enemies . 
  that 's why it 's not the best , but it 's so much more satisfying . 
  i tend to compare many elements from many game genres , but i think it 's valid to say that one does n't want an ai that can kill you with lightning fast reflexes , that has better range , better character statistics and so on .
