  apart from the rain , seattle has always seemed like a nice place to me , along with boston , philadelphia , some parts of new york and connecticut . 
  got any nice movies or documentaries to suggest , if you mind me asking ? 
  just fyi , without wanting to sound mean , the expression is `` canon fodder '' . 
  but remember , only southern europeans do that ... 
  from the exterior perhaps , i do believe from the interior those i mentioned are the talles/longest , at least for gothic cathedrals . 
  edit : it 's beauvais , not bayeux https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_highest_church_naves i ca n't seem to find any reference to it being the longest , even though , if i recall well , st. peters in rome had a mention of it . 
  been a long time though , so i guess i might have miss remembered . 
  not a parisian , nor am i very outgoing , hiwever i 've heard that some times every month some museums are open for the night , or part of it . 
  could be a nice idea if it 's your thing . 
  laon , the best ? 
  it is the earliest fully gothic , that 's for sure , but i 'd say there are many better . 
  i think the bayeux cathedral is pretty nice , the tallest from within , the reims is imo the best , the longest , but you also have churches which can be pretty nice , on par with cathedrals , namely the big round church of metz . 
  come to think of it , metz 's cathedral is pretty damn good too . 
  i see . 
  thank you for your input and i hope you did n't feel that my tone was hostile towards you , which was n't my intention . 
  that 's the weird part , he does n't have all aegean islands either . 
  having attica is pretty logical , and perhaps crete too , since it 's a large area , however the aegean is not a large area , nor known for being an oddity or different . 
  it 's just odd , i do n't complain , that one would have data for two small areas and not for the second largrzt city . 
  it would be like having data for a remote belgian town while not having data for brussels . 
  france stronk !, 
  also , how in hell can you have data for the tiny rock of limnos ( greece ) and not for thessaloniki or its general area , the second largest in the balkans ? 
  hey , he found doggerland !, 
  i really like those seaside houses made from the late 19th century to maybe the 30 's , along with the small sand dunes , rolling about . 
  the vineyard infested hills around \u00c9pernay , perhaps some parts around reims and the hills along the `` mountain '' of reims , such as the place near the verzy windmill . 
  and i though toussaint in the witcher 3 was inspired by the champagne + bourgogne regions + italy , seems like this album is more like it . 
  the crisis ai n't got nuffin ' on me !, 
  yes but no , following the thesis of dickwaggle 's guide to ethnology , ( german + french ) = dutch may only apply when figuring alone , and thusly german + french + italian may only be equal to the sum of the three components added between each other . 
  git gud m8 , dickwaggle never lies !, 
  yes , and documentaries , general knowledge , arts and crafts and so on would be great . 
  thus , german + french = dutch . 
  dutch + french = belgian french + german + italian = swiss french + german + duke = luxembourg french + german + nordic + celtic = british . 
  boy , everything 's so much simpler !, 
  bretons are celts , not scandinavians , at least so they claim . 
  sure thing , however if our migrant city in libya was to be destroyed , with the people anihilated , i doubt it 's going to be a good thing for us . 
  i think another big if is if there 's enough security . 
  an army would be needed , in case of attack, 
  i liked her too , however it would n't work in the long run as a protagonist because she 's too much of a mary sue . 
  she 's not undergone the mutations , however she could be considered a witcher . 
  besides , in * spoiler * one of the endings she goes witchin ' with her pa. 
  works in crusader kings 2 anyway , why not in real life !, 
  humour is not my strong suit, 
  9-11 too hon hon hon, 
  my experience has n't been thus as you say , not at all . 
  `` forced to eat french food '' i do n't think they 'll need much convincing , canned beans have only so many different mold tastes, 
  would nuclear be as cheap ? 
  afaik that was during the renaissance , people in the middle ages tended to be cleaner . 
  sounds quite close to what we have in france with the `` par alternance '' curriculums . 
  they have some heavy industry , such as foundries and forges but also military equipment . 
  it also seems to me that the artisans are also quite numerous , adding to the economy . 
  there are many levels of despair , this is on the top . 
  you think camembert is the meaning of life ? 
  think again !, 
  i know i would . 
  cheese mpougatsa you heathen !, 
  best alarm clock !, 
  thanks turkey , of helpings, 
  there was a brief chase just above my head earlier today , fun stuff, 
  lotsa snark from those who still have n't left ... jk jk, 
  get rekt by knowledge, 
  ha , suck it roastbeefs !, 
  god damn bosches ... 
  it 's `` el '' presidente '' for you , pal , or you get nice vacation !, 
  `` some '' most likely since the seventh century and with each and every large scale conquest by countries of the muslim faith . 
  just like deus vult i 'd wager . 
  if a priest went out in france , saying x because god wills it , people will laugh a him . 
   you were saying ? 
  from https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/mustafa_kemal_atat\u00fcrk : in human life , you will find players of religion until the knowledge and proficiency in religion will be cleansed from all superstitions , and will be purified and perfected by the enlightenment of real science . 
  i have no religion , and at times i wish all religions at the bottom of the sea . 
  it is claimed that religious unity is also a factor in the formation of nations . 
  whereas , we see the contrary in the turkish nation . 
  turks were a great nation even before they adopted islam . 
  this religion did not help the arabs , iranians , egyptians and others to unite with turks to form a nation . 
  conversely , it weakened the turks ' national relations ; it numbed turkish national feelings and enthusiasm . 
  this was natural , because mohammedanism was based on arab nationalism above all nationalities . 
  religion is an important institution . 
  a nation without religion can not survive . 
  yet it is also very important to note that religion is a link between allah and the individual believer . 
  the brokerage of the pious can not be permitted . 
  those who use religion for their own benefit are detestable . 
  we are against such a situation and will not allow it . 
  those who use religion in such a manner have fooled our people ; it is against just such people that we have fought and will continue to fight . 
  know that whatever conforms to reason , logic , and the advantages and needs of our people conforms equally to islam . 
  if our religion did not conform to reason and logic , it would not be the perfect religion , the final religion . 
  so , from these quotes , which one could say come into conflict with one another , one can clearly understand the kemal did not hold religions as high as other famous politicians had in the past . 
  if i understand well , from my very limited experience , he believed in his religion only for his own sake and did n't care what others did as long as it did not interfere with other people . 
  feel free to disprove me , i can only stand to gain from it . 
   ataturk is a great statesman , what he did is minimize the role of religion in state affairs and root out the misuse of it . 
  i do n't think i said otherwise . 
  if you think it was implied , then i appologise . 
   but he was not someone who did n't quite like religion as answered above , plus i 'll add that the definitions may be different . 
  as far as i understand to kemal religion was a means for one to improve himself and his relations with people , say like meditating , however i do n't think crusading and killing in the name of a god would be part of this . 
   i dont see you complaining when american soldiers do this ... did these videos get posted in this sub , where you 'd been able to see my reaction ? 
  because i do n't remember seeing them before . 
  i also could have avoided the cringe , thanks . 
  edit : also , considering kemal did n't quite like religion , it looks rather odd . 
  what revolts me the most is hearing the word `` allah '' in the chant . 
  was it not slightly further away ? 
  it may have been included during the following expansions , but i though it was a place ill-suited for building , at least at the start of the empire . 
  no , that 's sarkozy 's wife . 
  tssk tssk , l2w :p,
