  indian `` damascus '' `` wootz '' steel , which was claimed to be the absolute best steel in the medievals surpassed the quality of european steel until the mid/late 18th century , which is a factor to consider . 
  metallurgy has also changed considerably since 1912 even , with the introduction of hs and stainless steels . 
   now , your average katana after this process ends up extremely inflexible . 
  your average european sword flexes in response to pressure , which is great for fighting people in armour or just maintaining the durability of your sword . 
  afaik a katana has a hard core and a soft exterior while the european sword has a homogeneous composition . 
  this comes from the ability to produce high carbon tool steel , which was less common in japan than in europe , therefore each did with what he had . 
  as for breaking , that 's also a factor , however it does n't invalidate the point that both types of weapons have two different purposes . 
  there were also many kinds of japanese swords and european swords , which means that ultimately comparing the katana , a specific weapon , to all the european swords is rather unfair . 
  one is faster , sharper made for tissue and the other is slower but much , much more versatile . 
  hell , you can throw your one and a half handed sword to a fleeing enemy . 
   which is why the katana was not a very commonly used weapon in japan . 
  when ? 
  armour , to the contrary of the sword changed a lot as far as i know , where in the beginign it would have been quite effective against leather armour , which was what large numbers of militias may have had . 
  it probably was n't used at first since the enemy must 've had spears , as you say , and thus they had to match them with weapons of similar or higher length , but a spear can get lodged somewhere , get lost etc etc. 
  the katana gave an important enough reach given its length to provide a middle ground between using a spear/halberd style blade and a knife/dagger/machete / tanto . 
  spearmen were the most effective defense against enemies in hand to hand combat ( all around , they could battle both swordsmen and cavalry effectively ) , even in europe , the swiss guards were such for example . 
  edit : apparently japanese swords were low carbon in the middle and high in the exterior . 
  weird . 
  also , falchions are quite old , much older than the medievals . 
  i do n't agree with that statement , it 's a different weapon for a different use . 
  i do n't know much about it but it strikes me as a lighter weapon , thinner and perhaps longer than other swords . 
  it 's longer than a european one handed sword , perhaps as light , less wide as it only has one sharpened side . 
  the cutting angle is also lower than on a european sword which since it travels from the middle of the sword , while the european counterparts have a double bevel . 
  a random guess would be that a katana or other has a 20-25 angle while the european sword ( thinking late medieval - early renaissance swords , sabres are another story ) would have a 25-35 angle . 
  it would do poorly against armour , or would slice a couple of times and then need restoring while a european sword would n't , however its lower profile permits precision strikes , which are also more dangerous for the wielder himself as he needs to calculate the other 's movements and plan correctly , lest his head gets bashed in . 
  along with that , a katana has the reputation ( perhaps unjustly or in reality rarely ) to be honed at a much higher degree . 
  guessing again , a european sword would be sharpened on the field with a commonly found sharpening stone , which can be found in rivers for example , that can go from fairly low grit to high-ish , say 5000 , however the japanese have the reputation ( perhaps unjustly again ) to use afterward much finer stones , 10k , 20k and i 've heard of even 60k , which tend to be very rare . 
  now , perhaps the european swords also went through a stropping phase , to a degree close to 60k ( if anybody know of such stropping compound , message me ) however it 's not reported in the media , such as books , comics or films . 
  in movies sharpening is taking a random stone and running it along the cutting edge and that 's it , or taking a turning waterstone and grinding the blade with sparks flying , and for japanese swords it 's often portrayed as the craftsman taking back a sword he created and then over the course of hours restoring its edge . 
  it ai n't like that in either cases . 
  edit : typo, 
  such childishness ... +1, 
  at that time the puny politicians had names sounding like adenauer and de gaulle . 
  you have not read my comments or have to understood it . 
  the former dgse chief said that they were being swamped by mostly false reports even before the migrat crisis was at this stage . 
  i never said they disregarded those warnings , only that the amount of work needed to filter them out is huge and the time needed too great . 
  also , what did i even say that made tou think of that ? 
  i reported a situation , how in hell does that make me a whatever armchair general ? 
  what 's this nonsense ? 
  listen mate , they send thousand upon thousands of `` reports '' . 
  there are probably pkk member in those !, 
  and is !, 
  but there are also a huge amount of people who are unrelated and not dangerous . 
  it 's like searching for gold in the wild west . 
  the majority of the prospectors never saw anything yellow because the amount of common rock was so huge compared to the gold . 
  edit : removed a shitty auto-correction . 
  i think most people are anti ottoman and papa erdogllum seems to want to take the imperialistic road . 
  with turks themselves ? 
  just a bit more disliked , but for historical reasons . 
  it 's probably not even a dislike but cautiousness . 
  they constantly flood the french intelligence with such reports for months on end , 99,99 % of those reports are bogus . 
  just like crying wolf , but with someone else 's sheep . 
  sure does seem like that . 
  if you go on the islands , go on a local super market , or even better , the coop/shepherd and buy a cheese from him.done that for the past decade and it 's great . 
  it bothers me when countries seemingly need to cater to israel more than other countries just because . 
  the media is nagging the french state because french jews are leaving the country and for some reason the french state must do something about that , but when it comes to french scientists leaving or others , nobody cares . 
  i long for when people and the politics will not care about religious , political or economic affiliations and work for the benefit of the country/eu first , then for the feelings of others . 
  if somebody is persecuted , the perpetrators must be dealt with accordingly , no matter if the victim is jewish . 
  but now you 'll call me a racist anti-semite . 
   you seem to be misunderstanding my point . 
  it 's an antisemitic attitude to be shocked when a country is friendly or accommodating of israeli things accommodating ? 
  maybe send them free shipments of whatever they want ? 
  why should they be accommodating more than to others ? 
  i gather that in politics nothing is free , so why should israel be exempted ? 
  or anybody as a matter of fact . 
  there is an embargo on products from northern cyprus because the eu considers that part as an occupied territory with no claims to accessing the market . 
  for some reason the israeli settlements are not embargoed and what was done was just marking the items . 
  two different standards . 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  and an eu country wants to remove that marking ? 
  for what reason ? 
  do n't you think it 's ridiculous to be expressly pro- another country that 's barely your ally ? 
  he does n't think israel deserves any more respect than any other . 
  if that makes one an anti-semite then there 's a problem with whoever calls them so . 
  as i said , he probably thinks that the marking in question is of the settlements , which are illegal and not supported by the eu , or at least most of it . 
  you did n't ask for him to specify and jumped to your own conclusion and even if you were miraculously correct about him , you 're wrong in the long run , accusing without any proof and no diligence to even allow for the benefit of the doubt . 
  he probably means the goods that originate from the settlements . 
  also , what 's that nonsense about him being an anti-semitic ? 
  i 'll be checking that out then , sounds interesting . 
  thanks . 
  by the way , is there anylink between general slavic peoples and the scythians or parthians ? 
  what are hydrogen flakes , hydrogen atoms/molecules that were inserted in the steel , between grains ? 
  i see , my apologies . 
  the ancient homeland of the celts was in mongolia or somewhere near , so it 's fairly logical to think slavs may have come from there too . 
  that 's what i had come to understand anyway . 
  that seems odd , the reactor vessel is steel , the containment is concrete . 
  where 's the problem in fixing that ? 
  that statue is pretty cool . 
  a question though , if i understand well , slavic people ( along with celts ) came originaly from the steppes of russia . 
  is it far fetched to assume that they were '' cousins '' with the huns , who were the ancestors of the turk people ( and others ) ? 
   they have to either accepter their application or d\u00e9port them out of schengen . 
  that 's dublin . 
  makign the south migratn depositories who 'll never leave because the countries of origin do not accept their people back . 
  unless if eu powers `` blackmail '' the , i.e. 
  afghan government . 
  it 's probably going too far , but if afghanistan et al does not comply then the case must be taken to the hague court . 
   the calais migrants are maghrebins ? 
  dude . 
  they 're afghans , pakistan , erithreans , etc. 
  have you run a poll ?
