  it 's a hyperbole , rather poor one . 
  as for the slavic macedonians , one can say that since they are slavic macedonians , why do n't they call themselves slavic macedonia , for example ? 
  in greece nobody would oppose that , at least , that i recall . 
  by extension , in southern macedonia there lived greeks for thousands of years , among others . 
  since they do n't have and do n't want a country they are a region , called macedonia , however that does n't interfere at all , since it 's on a local level . 
   a perfectly good name for the country in question - spain which is also the case for fyrom , they can find a name that fits exactly their history , culture and geography . 
  also the vetoing is taking place to prevent access under that particular name , not all around , not at all . 
  it may even help de-escalate things . 
  i agree with you !, 
  but if the region belongs to all of them , in their borders of course , then why do the names do n't ? 
  why can one say that my name is macedonia , while he only has the northern part of it ? 
  if the region in greece wanted to secede from greece , it would call itself southern macedonia , or something of the sort . 
  i do n't think they 'd like it plenty . 
  all-right . 
  ah , i had learned that they dropped the issue to not upset tito , who was quite powerful . 
  i see . 
  if it affects the other country , it does . 
  remember , both countries had agreed on a couple of alternatives , the politicians did n't want that though , from both sides . 
  `` stole '' is a bit of a strong word , do n't you think ? 
  otherwise if we are to do such amalgams we can go full retard and say all the mediterranean belonged to the greeks first , before the others , and then go on about the phoenicians etc etc. 
  that does n't help the discussion and is irrelevant . 
  plus , silly . 
  back then there were as many greeks as there were turks or bulgarians or others . 
  some had been assimilated inside various other communities and some other did n't . 
  many fluctuated . 
  however we can not say x belonged to y , except for the ottoman , and they were there are overlords . 
  it also was n't gifted , the bulgarians were simply not as effective and fought on two fronts therefore lost . 
  if you go further back in time you can also find the same villages with other names , this time turkish or greek . 
  the names changed often in relation with the identity of the residents , which tended to change with the priest . 
  if the priest was bulgarian he would instill bulgarian views , then 50 years later another would come to change it . 
  why ? 
  because another country insists on taking ownership of something that has always being shared between the two ? 
  the region , inside the fyrom can be called macedonia without any issue , the country though can not . 
  norther macedonia is a possible name however . 
  missed your comment before by the same argument one can say that their right to choose their name interferes with their right to have the name of their region as it stands . 
  which is pretty valid considering that the region macedonia is shared between the two country and none can appropriate it as a state name , only internally . 
  northern macedonia or others solve this issue perfectly . 
  sorry , i missed your comment previously . 
   what is there to say ... their country is on verge of collapse and they still insist on petty nationalistic rethoric vs. a country that could never be a threat to them . 
  nothing to do with being a threat or not , it 's about an issue being resolved . 
  also , nobody talks about it today , or barely . 
  something happened , somebody reported the fact and / r/europe reacted . 
   even if macedonia had any irredentic claims on greek part of macedonia they could never do anything about it . 
  greek politic is like a big bully strongarming a small kid just because they can . 
  it 's called securing your asset . 
   and they had last 20 years of balkan wars to see what nationalisam does to country . 
  fuck their politicians and fuck the people who vote for them . 
  wars in the balkans lasted 2-3 years . 
  the problem is also a result of nationalism , from tito 's behalf , for propaganda ( hurrr durr we are great people ... ) . 
   e : when we were yugoslavia they had no problem with the name socialist republic of macedonia , and we were a federal state . 
  they couldnt strongarm yugoslavia , obviously . 
  now , when macedonia is alone they fuck with them just for domestic politics , geting the votes of more radical nationalistic voters , and people eat this shit ... ffs . 
  fuck them ... balkan politics just the same as in serbia , croatia and bosnia ... retards balkan politics are like the rest of the world , stupid . 
  considering the cause of this mess though , one can not but agree that it 's also rather shitty too . 
  well damn . 
  eh , everybody will find something to get offended over , the right over their identity being stepped over and the left over x demographics being the victim . 
  hooray ... we still have to divide ourselves between left and right , that 's the problem imo . 
  i said b ) , although not that they did n't care , but that they preferred not to react for political/strategic reasons . 
  you call your ** part ** silesia . 
  not your country . 
  if the fyrom names its southernmost states/administrative region as macedonia there will be absolutely no objection because it is internal . 
  just like france calls the ardennes simply ardennes region ( well , champagne-ardennes but that 's another story with different reasons . ), 
  greece also had two wars over that region , the two balkan wars , 1912-1913 if i recall well . 
  no , for the same reason that the greek nation ca n't come over to the the japanese and tell him `` senpai , i am now japanese '' . 
  the fuck you are he 'll tell him . 
  and in x amount of years people will say , look , our name is republic of macedonia , but we only have the north of it , therefore you stole the south from us . 
  it also cultivates the feeling of irredentism . 
  running away from problems like these bites you in the ass . 
  it does , it could 've been solved under tito but it was n't . 
  what do you mean by the opposite ? 
  that greece told tito to call his country macedonia ? 
  indeed , but that gray region also belongs to greece . 
  would n't you agree that the grey region belongs , more or less 50 % to greece and 50 % to fyrom ? 
  ignoring albania and bulgaria of course . 
  geography is also mountains , seas , lakes and rivers . 
  in any case , ancient macedonia belongs in a big part to greece and a lesser to fyrom . 
  modern macedonia is more or less 50/50 between both , and with some parts in albania and bulgaria . 
  also , pardon me for saying but comparing the whole thing to `` history is like dead people '' or something of the sort is a bit of a platitude and does n't solve a problem . 
  you mean fyrom or macedonia ? 
  all i can find is mentions of the un using fyrom . 
  yes but since the macedonians were n't too discriminating they must have assimilated them , do n't you think ? 
  therefore becoming macedonia . 
  i may remember wrongly , but at first , years ago , the greeks had reached some sort of agreement , which then got fucked over by the politicians in both countries . 
  i think it was northern republic of macedonia . 
  if cultural identity is just dead people to you then i dare not read your books , they 'd look bleak . 
  in any case , it is  geographical standards and historical standards not only historical standards . 
  it actually does cause problems because romanians want that country annexed , as it traditionally was theirs . 
  it is a different situation which is also a bit controversial on its own . 
  i do n't go as far , perhaps you are right . 
  personally i see `` new '' as a way to show a new beginning , to change the status quo perhaps . 
  i digress however . 
  well as the picture shows , the red was part of the old macedonia , which is today part of fyrom , however that section is very small , i suppose this is what you mean ? 
  i would argue that no , it was n't `` none '' , but little . 
  i do agree that the borders are rather arbitrary though . 
  macedonia claims a name that corresponds to a region . 
  going on about war would be an amalgam in my opinion . 
  said region is shared and so the name must be shared conveniently , therefore northern macedonia ( for example , there are others ) is fitting . 
  it has nothing to do with dead people , that 's the far right/nationalist approach , it has to do with things being clear and correct by geographical standards and historical standards . 
  i will repeat what i 've said before , in the 30 's -40 's a certain tito wanted to call his country macedonia for propaganda reasons and the greek state did not react because the current situation was rather unfit for it , what with a war coming losing an ally would n't be very smart . 
  and so it was left as an unsolved issue .
