  who 's left ? 
  maybe the egyptians were pals and never attacked . 
  as for the other way around , we 'd owe money to : iran , india , iraq , afghanistan , syria , israel , lebanon , turkey , jordan , egypt , cyprus , tunisia , lybia , algeria , morroco , spain , portugal , andora , france , perhaps switzerland , italy and co , slovenia , croatia , slovakia , hungary , romania , bulgaria , serbia , bosnia , kosovo , montenegro , moldova , albania , fyrom , ukraine , russian maybe , georgia , armenia . 
  maybe even more !, 
  and it makes no sense to go as far back , we may as well as of germanics to pay money to celts , or find the halstats and their killers to settle that score too . 
  what the hell is this drivel ? 
  many people are hard workers and not daddy 's kids . 
  even in the administration where employees do the job of three or four . 
  the country works with half of it sleeping on the job and the rest trying to make up for it and by no way are they all lazy and playing lol matches . 
  not everybody 's like you . 
  because there are no outstanding reparations , unless for the pogroms in the 50 's and less so in the 60 's . 
  it must be said that we also have a lot of us assets and more f16s than mirrages , i think . 
  pretty nice to see other europeans standing up for greece . 
  when the sea becomes nore dangerous , i 'd say by the end of october or mid november , but i do n't know aboit spring , as there are periods within the `` dangerous zone '' that are calmer . 
  how so ? 
  in the past century the greeks and greek state was rather tolerant towards jews , metaxas regime especially ( or so says wkipedia ), 
  before the relocation of greeks after the various wars the jews made up about 60 % of the population if my memory serves . 
  i know about recessive characteristics but i was under the impression , and still am , that gypsies do n't tend to mix much with other populaces , so that 's why i find it hard to think that the kid had blue eyed grandparents . 
  i can however understand having a much farther away relative who was as such , hence making it much more rare , or so i 'd think . 
  was n't that the story about the kid having very rare genetic patterns , making it blonde and blue eyed , which in normal circumstances would n't have been possible to be the kid of brown headed and brown eyed people ? 
  hey , look over there , a ufo !, 
  ouh !, 
  we 're going to the back alley , how exciting !, 
  right !? 
  umm ... is this a mosquito or a new butsecks apparatus ? 
  lies !, 
  lies and slander !, 
  i 'm sold , take my money !, 
  that would imply the then turkish government did n't have imperialist policies in mind ... 
  pfft , why would i go to stinking belgium for that ? 
  my grandfather leaves enough stagnating water as it is in his garden !, 
  he really needs better glasses tho : /, 
  i see . 
  i do n't mind not being upvoted , does n't matter , but being downvoted means that others do n't agree strongly , and i pretty much would like to know why . 
  also thanks for the tl ; dr , i always though the university `` quota '' was a great idea on it 's own . 
  seems like it is n't . 
  me neither , that 's why it sounded odd . 
  it certainly does sound weird . 
  also , who 's the cunt downvoting me for no reason ? 
  i am . 
  i thought the sharia thing was a thing of the past and that the local population was pretty much secular , albeit going to the mosque . 
  hmm , i had heard the pomaki had a lot of trouble , perhaps at first with the state persecuting them and then by the state not caring for them , refusing to build roads , amenities , bring education and so on . 
  i do believe this has changed , or is in a good way in the past ten or so years though . 
  however , you must know the turkish government has dropped a lot of funds in the villages to influece them towards them , which in it 's own is n't as serious as it souns since for decades the greek state left a big vacuum . 
  that 's not too much of a bad idea , it 'd kill two birds with a stone . 
  absolutely not , they refuse to acknowledge bielefeld , it 's obviously state censorship !, 
  well , there is some sort of contraption that is supposed to change the weather , in alaska . 
  whether it 's true or not is not something that needs answering . 
  ^ ^ ^ yes ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ reptillian, 
  / u/valemount says that you ca n't , however i have done this before and a friend keeps doing it in uni without any issue . 
  it may be a case by case thing . 
  yes , the greeks have been very bad towards the muslims around komotini , however at a time where greeks were being expelled and killed from turkey with as much reason as in the armenian genocide . 
  the whole debacle had been going on since before the balkan wars and both sides did the same thing , you focus only on one side though it seems to me . 
  which does n't change the fact that the turkish forces invaded with a reason that does n't hold the line at all . 
  greece and italy have had in the million too , i 'd contest that 500k figure , unless if it 's only in terms of syrians or in the past 1-3 years . 
  you think we 'd send `` relatives '' over to places they are not wanted or fit ? 
  hell no . 
  do n't see the well off arab states behaving as so though , instead it 's the little one , lebanon and jordan who get to handle shit that 's not their 's to fix . 
  put 2 euro coins in shotgun shells a la resident evil to kill the debt away !, 
  boy , if you were harsh in that comment i wonder what others are . 
  government *, 
  i see it as big brother and little brother relationship . 
  britain , the big kid bullies the little one occasionally and france answers back once in a while . 
  well it 's a good way to increase membership !, 
  all-right , i 'll be thinking about all of this for some time anyway . 
  i was considering to either do a follow-up of my licence pro , perhaps in engineering or just finding work there , that why i asked . 
  thanks !, 
  how easy was the process , and what was your academic background for going in quebec ? 
  how complicated was it ? 
  answer if you want anyway , not the gestappo here :p, 
  i 'd say that it 's not 5 or 2-3 years only , but much more , closer to the decade . 
  still , the point remains and is even more strong . 
  holy shit , more than the double !, 
  that sounds odd . 
  diesel has a higher conversion ratio than gasoline ? 
  i heard ( although may not be true ) that the price of diesel is artificially low because of pressure from the cabs and lorries and other professional behicles who use it . 
  if it 's correct , then perhaps the whole thing could be solved by removing that price fixing occurrence . 
  well , i have only seen one guy doing that so therefore as you say it 's a matter of opinion and nothing more . 
  as for talking about the crisis and merkel , i digressed to counter your initial argument . 
  as for ratings , they change a lot these days , so i do n't think comparisons with situations before the troubles are as accurate, 
  that also . 
  my memory fails me but i think it was the company pyrkal , a defence and ammunition company that was making profits for the past three years or so and with the cuts it went back to runing a deficit . 
  bit like nexter had started making money, 
   where about that-a way : `` only the typical greek redditor can claim that saying they will not send syrians back to greece is another evil master plan to fuck over greece . '', 
   this is exactly what i was criticizing that 's why i mentioned it as a specific insident ( incident ? 
  ) and not stated it as `` german politicians '' etcetera . 
  as for other politicians being fired , i do believe we both agree that if a person 's words or wording proved to cause a crisis , or magnify an already existing one there should be consequences , otherwise it leaves open door for everybody to act senselessly . 
  on the other hand that story did put forth the situation of the border countries and turkey , whose fates were n't as well ... accounted for , or so it seemed . 
   while possible it is n't the whole truth , as long as her ratings are ok she will be ok . 
  i 'm far from being an expert but from what i read her approval rate is going down rather fast and i ca n't really see a way of changing that unless if actions are taken , actions that i ** think ** would/may not be in the interest of the rest of the eu states . 
  or not !, 
  maybe our leaders will surprise us !, 
  edit : concerning the actions mentioned , i meant actions unrelated to the migrant crisis and more to do with economics/industry as the first one is now but a time issue , not funds . 
  well , my good sir , i think that your comment was quite worthless too !, 
  why , you generalise and speak in the name of others without any data or anything , you solely wrote this as as `` smug remark '' . 
  as for addressing your question : i do n't think it 's either logical or even remotely clever in political terms to accuse germany for at least trying to relieve the weight/tension that greece/italy/malta / turkey/spain etc have with this crisis . 
  merkel tried to score some cheap political points on stating something/a situation that was already taking place , what with syria being at war . 
  last week or so i saw her on the tely and i think it 's pretty clear that the situation has hit her hard , she looks ten years older and that is not something i 'd wish on anybody . 
  on the other hand the bad wording resulted in quite big problems and when her mandate ends there must me some sort of consequence , another politician would have been scolded or perhaps sacked for it . 
  does my smug answer satisfy you , even in the least ?
