  except the ss , which would have proven their allegiance better , most likely . 
  what is this difference to you ? 
  a jew in germany in 1940 was supposedly of jewish race , however he was an ethnic german ( or polish , french etc etc. ), 
  today most people do n't care what your `` race '' is . 
  if one speaks german then he may as well be an ethnic german or austrian . 
  nothing gives away his `` race '' . 
  unless if it 's something visible , him being black or asian or whatever . 
  that first definition you provided is silly by the way . 
  i 'm not familiar with american terms , so i use the definition i learned , which talks about ethnicity as belonging to an ethnic group . 
  he said ethnic , you replied racial , just saying . 
  my parents found a roman javelin/arrow head in a mountain in greece . 
  dunno if it 's truly roman . 
  if anybody is intetested i can give a pic . 
  i found many bullets , pottery and other stuff such as naval equipment , along with a barge from the gallipoli campaign ( guess newer than the middle ages ) . 
  i have also found potteries here and there , one gallo roman near a archeological dig site , showed it and got to keep it . 
  found a lebel cartridge from ww1 in a forest . 
  i 've found various fossils but i guess they do n't count.also found a piece of pottery in the city of laon , supposedly from the renaissance . 
  oh absolutely , but we ca n't demand from a relatively new and little used material to take the place of another that 's been around for so much longer , is quite cheap and simple . 
  i do n't know the particulars but molten salts does n't sound like a good idea , what with the potential pollution ( depending on the type , cyanide one for example ) , it 's reactivity with water , corrosive power on the container and the rather high heat conductivity . 
  it is cheap though , at least the most common salts . 
  a development is to produce energy in very sunlit places , such as spain , the sahara and many others , store it in big containers using a cheap material , perhaps even using a byproduct that 's useless and then send it in places needed , like big batteries . 
  the concept and theory works anyway , now to see with the application . 
  i ca n't watch this video because i ai n't got a good connection . 
  what 's the focus more or less ? 
  additionally , how do you know which system i mean ? 
  so it is for the `` meat '' , if it 's green or raw it has toxins and repeated consumption may have adverse effects on one 's health . 
  now it off course goes without saying that cleaning must be more thorough to preventany other problems , but i doubt you 'd have many issues with well cooked potato '' skins . 
  fun fact , kinda : the green parts are sections of the potato that were in direct exposure to light . 
  do n't recall what it does though . 
  the storage of power is next to non existent today . 
  i studied a system of conversion of solar energy into thermal power abd then into electric , however it 's still in very early stages , with no guarantee of being effective . 
  afaik lithium is not rare , not at all , however it 's quite hazardous to handle and recycle . 
  in aeronautics lithium aluminium alloys , or the 8000 family of aluminiums are difficult to recycle because lithium acts as a poison for the elements of other alloys , thus needs to be recycled separately , driving up costs . 
  ok-ok , i 'm not judging you , just saying that you may not have had much experience around this very important topic . 
  ah , potato peels ... 
  that 's provably someone 's fetish , somewhere, 
  that 's not always the case , the cooking can make it almost indistinguishable from tthe rest . 
  this channel is the bomb , hue hue hue, 
  so is half of the english cuisine but we do n't spam articles all over the internet about it . 
  or so i think . 
  so is eating apples with the skin then . 
  depends on the potato of course but if the thickness is not too great then it 's pretty enjoyable and not papery . 
  in some cases it also develops a sligh caramelised taste that extends for some milimeters inside the potato . 
  yay , another anglo-saxon piece bemoaning the shortcomings of the french ... about food no less . 
  what 's the problem with unpeeled potatoes ? 
  deffinitely, 
  ca n't recall where i read that but the figure was around 200 . 
  might be wrong though . 
  i was n't really speaking about greece , more like about france and belgium . 
  i can only see turkey possibly annexing france in a game though . 
  i do n't get that . 
  yeah , why would you want your country to be destroyed ? 
  i mean , after you get annexed . 
  maybe , but the byzantine empire will have ceased to be 563 ( or almost , for a couple of weeks ) years ago , with that specific measure happening a while after the fourth crucade , 1206 if i remember well , therefore not more than a millennia . 
  i also doubt that politics have changed much since then , the reasons to go to war , to act in certain ways are still largely similar , resources and land - us vs them . 
  between europe and china there 's no friendship , only interests , thus caution is to be taken , and is . 
   about the chinese power in europe : the chinese are buying in europe , no matter whether we like it or not . 
  nobody refused to acknowledge that . 
  rather , that 's ** exactly ** what 's been said . 
   globalized world . 
  it works in multiple directions . 
  the european countries and companies have assets all over the world as well . 
  as far as i can see , less and less so . 
  something that is not comforting , as this `` globalised '' world is not necessary for china . 
  they already have their own deals with many other countries and small `` wars '' and skirmishes have been said to happen in africa between companies ran by chinese corporations . 
  not to say the europeans and co do n't do it , however i 'd rather have them be forced to treat others as well as possible after having gained the upper hand rather than the chinese do so . 
  people often remark that europe and the west in general has the know how so to always remain on top , at least in the specialized fields . 
  that wo n't be the case , perhaps might not be already in certain fields . 
  one of the reasons the byzantine empire lost influence and money in the mediteranean is because they gave free port space , reduced tolls and others to the venetians , helping them become bigger . 
  therefore there 's a precedent . 
  additionaly , if they buy the ports , they may buy other infrastructure , outside of greece too , making their power in europe more important and european power less so . 
  i do n't think it 's a good thing . 
  you mean play like materazi ? 
  my cousin gave me an arte documentary/report which i have yet to watch , so that could be a good lead . 
  otherwise i ca n't really help , as i havent been very interested . 
  i saw and heard some syndicalists with papers , which i read , most of them were sensationalised bullshit , with flimsy arguments , no proof or quoted law texts , nothing . 
  the bosses side probably has comparable things . 
  some bosses want workers to be easily fireable , paid dirt and work 12 hours + a day . 
  the extremes make the headlines , not the moderates . 
  as others said , it 's a problem if supply and scale . 
  spain can produce more ( some say adding in lating american wine ) making it overall cheaper . 
  as for your experience , have you been in wine producing areas ? 
  not the small producer , but the big ones , or those that produce the largest amount . 
  as for your `` medieval '' comment , do n't you think that 's a bit far fetched ? 
  saying the country has focused less on modernisation is something , but we do n't exactly cut wheat with a billhook . 
  for wine ? 
  the problem is not the technology , it 's the surface available . 
  besides , they already put enough chemicals to be `` modern '' , if that 's the direction to take then no thanks . 
  slightly off topic , is n't there an \u0391\u03a0\u0398 professor that has extensive knowledge on the matter ? 
  i think they prefer julmust , not sake : *, 
  indeed . 
  makes me think of eu 4 in that respect . 
  must convert everything !, 
  i see . 
  how politicians and co want to draw the lines is not necessarily how people do , or cultures . 
  i do n't quite agree on it being pointless from an individualistic standpoint . 
  it 's part of our culture . 
  sure , we eat kebabs and coucous , but the whole mentality in countries ca n't change like that . 
  maybe i 'm conflating patriotism with something else , but i 'm not so sure . 
  i think you are using nationalism or patriotism without discociating it from ultra-nationalism , which is in my opinion a mistake .
