  that does n't mean the fault is only the drunkard 's or the barman 's , they share it , perhaps not equally , but they still share it . 
  indeed . 
  the silly part is that some of it would be locally produced but it 's sent away in other countries while they buy it from elsewhere . 
  so ... since people in greece say go fuck yourself but prices do n't change due to the gazillion of intermediaries , greeks still get to pay much more than bulgarians for basic food even . 
  that did get better lately , or so they say , but i doubt by much . 
  cost of living is higher than in bulgaria , as a frenchman , prices can be higher than in france for certain items which are often rather essential . 
  also if i recall well , the 1004 wage is a 2013 figure and i think bulgaria had an increase in pays some months ago , so the gap is less . 
  and not only greek banks ... 
  i also would like to add something though , as so many tout that greece should sell most of its public property . 
  the byzantine empire did that more or less , they gave free pass to the venetians so that they would have no taxation , eithe rin ports or in warehouses or in imports . 
  this was the begining of the end of byzantium , as there was no more money coming in anymore . 
  by selling off everything to the lowest bidder as some seem to want , we are exposing the country to this same fate and the further crushing of its economy . 
  romania has a lot of industry , even heavy industry . 
  greece has about a couple of steel mills and some other scraps , so the comparison is still irrelevant imo . 
  you forget about the crazy tax policy in greece , double or triple of the french or german one , and also forget that romania and bulgaria have vastly more important industry , which greece has not , the comparison is therefore not that adequate . 
  french people can understand very roughly italian , they share many features which they do n't with english . 
  ah , did n't know they 'd be doing streaming . 
  thanks . 
  about the part with his wife , he 's honest and states his situation , unlike previous populist politicians . 
  he does n't claim to be close to the people , knowing what they are going through because it affects him . 
  as for bloomberg , i do n't have a tv : /, 
  all-right , thanks !, 
  can you sum it up a bit ? 
  would n't that be meant for / r/gaming or something ? 
  my experience of the private sector is quite different , i remember people in greece doing overtime without extra pay , coming back home at midnight . 
  or about people in the industry working on machines all day and then fixing them until 2 o'clock in the morning . 
  we can say as a general rule that germans are more effective and time efficient , but generalising stating that all greeks just stare at their screens is not either factually correct or in my opinion , moraly . 
  true , but in here i tend to forget that people can think so too . 
  by thesame thinking , which is correct , merkel also has her interest first and foremost in mind , such as the leader of the left . 
  let 's not forget she almost threw to the wolves the whole solar power sector , as it would not affect germany . 
  itwoulda affect france and spain though , but apperently that did n't matter . 
  that 's without counting those coming from the turkish border , unhindered and undocumented at night . 
  in any case , being a border country , greece accepts those who come from outside but also has to accept those coming back from the rest of the eu without much chance to send them back from their country of origin . 
  i feel like this is a very good tl ; dr representation of the whole story , albeit without speaking much of the german 's arguments . 
  what 's your opinion op ? 
  or others ? 
  efimerida = newspaper , ton = of , syntakton = editors ( not 100 % sure ) so i guess it 's an opinion piece ? 
  may i ask op what you mean by `` solidarity is n't just transfering money . 
  and demanding solidarity is n't just demanding money . '', 
  what do you mean in concrete terms ? 
  did n't turn out too well for palaiologos ... 
  i think that pope 's ideal is to put the humanity of people forth before their religion , which would be rather well in line with the core of christianity , do n't you think ? 
  my information may be wrong then , but i do recall that on certain occasions turkish citizens , having committed acts of higher treason may get the capital punishment . 
  whether or not it would be applied is another story , but for example stating that turkish soldiers killed civilians and did crimes of war during the cyprus crisis in 1974 would be an act of higher treason and be passable of the capital penalty . 
  edit : from what i read this may be wrong . 
  was n't aware of this at all , thanks for bringing that up . 
  perhaps it was n't possible otherwise though ? 
  all-right , thank you for your thorough answer !, 
  i doubt this is true . 
  besides , france does reasonably well with 45 % of tax paid , but these taxes are from the civilian sector , not the industry , not the state deals an others . 
  if the greek people were to pay it would n't help too much because so many of them are under the threshold and the bulk of the income comes , as for france and others , from the sales , the industry , tourism and so on . 
  sales , tourism and industry which are impeded by very high taxes , per capita income being lower than the threshold because almost everybody already has paid 2-3 times an `` express tax '' . 
  i do n't really know how to call it but it was a withdrawal that the state demanded from each person/family to be paid to the state to pay back a loan . 
  that money , which was a pretty sum each time is already out of the people 's pockets and unless you ask them to give everything they have to the government i do n't think what you say is close to a solution . 
  i see . 
  i see . 
  was there some sort of system before , perhaps state exclusive , that was close to marriage as some sort of civil union , or not at all ? 
  why not ? 
  it was a reason of admissions in the union and they decided to go with it , it was not imposed on them . 
  that 's one of the reasons why turkey is n't in yet . 
  and besides , how many had abolished the death penalty ? 
  most had before joining the union , probably . 
  all-right , if it 's specifically about tax evasion then my point still stands . 
  in the past it was of course as you say , but what of today ? 
  i wo n't search for it right now , and thus wo n't say your source is incorrect , but i do think , from what i have heard , that tax evasion has dropped significantly in the past ears . 
  ah , my bad then . 
  we are of course speaking of state marriage , not religious ones ? 
  a bill was passed by a federal court if i recall well , but if texas had their way they 'd legalise it in 100 years . 
  the comparison is not adequate in my opinion . 
  also , as another redditor said , people may not be able to marry in texas or other states , but if they marry elsewhere they ill retain their status in texas as if they were a heterosexual couple . 
  also , why `` not even in athens '' ? 
  as far as i know greece is much more traditionalist and religious than germany . 
  you argument is fair , but regarding taxes there 's a hiccup . 
  as for paying more of it 's taxes , greek taxes are the highest in europe and companies do n't pay one tax every year , they pay 1.5 . 
  the current year 's and half of the next year 's . 
  so the current 26 ( or 22 ? 
  ) % +26 / 2 , totaling to 39 % . 
  considering the added charges and the heavy taxation of the money kept in the bank for a rainy day you end up , if i recall well , with a total taxation of 55 or 60 % . 
  to lower that to the least possible scenario , perhaps 45 % means that a company more or less works for the government half of the time and not for itself , which is crazy . 
  this is one of the reasons why the economy is doing bad , and frankly , why would it go well ? 
  who in his right mind would subject himself on sucha taxation , without counting the social charges , the environmental charges , the equipment/maintenance costs without even counting raw materials , if applicable . 
  and the creditors wanted to raise that initial 22 or 26 % to 29 !, 
  in the end where would it be , 65 % total ? 
  i doubt functioning european companies get more than 40 % final . 
  edit : i do n't have any knowledge over this , but how many people pay their taxes in , say slovenia ( or any other , does n't matter ) ? 
  in france they recently stated that about 45 % of the population paid taxes , the rest was under the threshold of ... 16k euros a year i think . 
  so there 's a clear differentiation between tax evasion and not being taxed . 
  i have no recent figures but if i recall well , tax evasion in greece was reduced quite a lot , at least for the normal people , and there have been stories of big heads getting in prison for unpaid dues . 
  in all i do n't think that today greece is problematic on the amount of tax payers meeting their obligations , rather than the actual taxation being nonsensical , plus some european laws and charges which tends to not help , not only in greece but in the rest of europe , as france ( since i 'm from there ) has many problems in the agricultural sector because of them . 
  well they do n't die in the streets per se , they go back home and suicide , but that 's a detail i guess . 
  and yes , indeed it 's on the government ( s ) absolutely , as a first party , but the second parties are not saints , they had a hand in it , without being the causes though . 
  well it 's not like nobody knew it , for the past 15 years everybody knew that with poor industry , low agriculture and normal tourism the country could not live up to the standards of countries such as france or others . 
  and instead , some speculated or made profit/went to bed with the governments , bribed it etc etc. 
  by no means does that signify that the greek governments and co are not to blame , but on the other hand our `` friends '' did put their finger in the honey . 
  actually , people are starving in the streets . 
  now , compared to the countries you named they may be less , but compared to where greece was even 2 years ago the difference is quite big . 
  well all-right then , in the lon run it is your choice , cant be forced todo such things imo , greece an italy are and they have problems . 
  but other countrie do n't accept many , so they could take some too . 
  i see , thanks for the input . 
  i wonder , would there be any online shops in poland from where one could buy stuff , in the same manner as amazon or others do ?
