  from settlements they are only labeled . 
  are there not two different standards ? 
  is n't the disparity going to be even greater if the settlement goods were not mabeled ? 
  absolutely . 
  deno , my post suggests what it clearlt states : all public places that attract many people are monitored by the mulitary or the police with rifles and other such weapons . 
  cdg is for example . 
  i did not bring up any shit about the `` degree if danger '' or whatever the fuck you mean . 
   the point about soldiers was to illustrate the increased threats jews face in france today . 
  if the remark about the commonality of soldiers was meant to suggest that jews do not face a singularly large threat compared to others , it really is a disingenuous direction to take it ... 
  here 's the facts : there are soldiers and police in synangogues as much as there are in churches . 
  you linked the image implying that only synangogues are being protected , which is false . 
  i made no other point on which you decided to elaborate on me being disingenuous . 
  as for the later points , a cross is usually worn under the clothes , a kippa is n't , which can be a factor . 
  it 's not unheard of of a kid beibg riduculed of bullied for having a cross , just as for beibg black , being jewish , having slanted eyes or looking like a shovel hits his face . 
  as for your argument regardibg those stabbings and attacks , they were almost all terrorist attacks , so i ca n't quite see your point , especially since they are people who apparently renounce their french citizenship and adherence to the basic rules of the republic , and mostly belong to muslim communities . 
  if you necessarily want a scapegoat blame the state for failing to integrate them and them for not trying ( enough ) . 
  may as well say the jewish collaborators in cities like thessaloniki were anti-semites . 
  as for attacks on churches ? 
  funnily many churches are vandalised in france , a month or so ago one was completely wrecked and another had it 's statue destroyed , which was its symbol . 
  oh and also , about marseille , what about all the murders in broad daylight with assault guns perpetrated by gangs , at times killing innocent passers by ? 
  how many jews get stabbed in marseille , is it a regular occurence ? 
  or is it a relatively isolated case ? 
  because those gangs are much less isolated cases , will that mean france becomes anti-muslim/immigrant because these people die?at the hand of their own compatriots or neighbours ? 
  personally i 've always seen more support for israel than the opposite , for both of whom the opinions were passionate . 
  i also have seen mostly support for a palestinian state , often by the same people supporting israel , which , in my opinion , shows that people do n't care about either side `` wining '' , they want a peacefull resolution with both parties managing to be content and not kill each other . 
  it 's suppised to discount you saying :  if it seems normal or natural that an establishment should require armed guards due to its jewish character , in paris , we 've got some serious problems . 
  i do n't think that those guys are there to protect the wine inside from labels ... 
  it is normal and natural , especially considering the state of emergency the country is in . 
  if there were no soldiers then it would show application of double standards and lack of care for a place that may be at risk , meaning incompetence or irresponsibility . 
  if that makes you feel better , more power to you , if not , have a consolatory internet cookie from me . 
  this obsession also happens in positive ways towards israel though , it 's not always against them or harmful , quite the opposite . 
  just an fyi , there are soldiers in front of synagogues just like there are before mosques or cathedrals but even airports , train station , major sights like the eiffel tower and shopping centers , among others . 
  yes and no . 
  yes on the idea that they are subjugated by israeli politicians , no on the fact their ways have never made sense , they attack indiscriminately and you ca n't excuse them . 
  they even fuck up their territories from the inside , never trying to educate people , reminiscent of african countries or afghanistan . 
  it 's just a mess , at least israel has managed to become a normal-ish country , despite rockets and attacks . 
  people in here also claimed to have done it and have the same opinion as i do . 
  as for the hillbilly i wo n't accuse him of anything , he does his thing with whichever means he has , something valid for anybody , muslim , pastafarian , jew or whatever . 
  the argument is against the practice by industries and small businesses . 
  but of course that makes me a racist biggot ... 
  anecdotal evidence in a country with a small muslim minority , while it 's quite large in the netherlands and other countries . 
   ... to halal ' ( which itself is fine ) if you believe having the animal squirm and thrash while being exsanguinated is fine then i think your point about the factory farms is rather innacurate . 
  in any case , just because one practice is bad , or is supposedly bad ( depends largely on the farm because some are respectful of the animal ) then that does n't mean all other bad practices must be allowed/tolerated . 
  a point could be made that certain conditions should allow halal and kosher but it was already the case apparently and was not respected often enough . 
  there 's the argument that the throat slicing technique may be relatively fast is that the animal still retains a degree of conciousness , making it suffer . 
  well then that 's your word against others ' and videos . 
  anesthesia can happen , it 's just relatively rare . 
  the point is that one method attacks the brain area and usually kills instantly and the other one take time . 
  this is the second time you claim ignorance on others yet do not explain your point . 
  please do . 
  explain how exsanguination , with anesthesia or not , which leads to death in up to a minute can be better than near instant death that a bolt provides . 
  the general rule is that they are actually anesthetised , and discounting the argument that the animal still suffers while unconcious ( got no knowledge of that ) there is still the point where hundreds of cases have come up , even with video , with animals not being anesthetised , as said above/bellow , wiggling all over until they get exsanguinated , a process that may last a minute . 
  bolts can fail , but even if the animal is not anesthetised , it dies almost instantly . 
  shitty conditions ? 
  are they really ? 
  because german and dutch facilities are said to be the most humane . 
  do the animals suffer ? 
  at some point probably , but there is a difference with how they were treated in the past and today they are much less aware of their predicament . 
  partially wrong . 
  what he says has happened and probably still does , however without being the `` textbook '' way to do so . 
  of course , and all the perquisitions done in the past year for inhumane treatment were just as a show , even though unrelated to muslim/jewish practices . 
  you poor victim you . 
  leaving an animal to be drained of its blood is more humane than a captive bolt that usually ensures immediate death ? 
  nobody excuses terrorist actions against civilians in here . 
  on the other hand , some see actions against the turkish military as a necessary evil for the freedom of the country , ** as it was achieved by many countries in the past ** . 
  that must be horrible for getting through checks at customs and others . 
  if i remember well he was acting as an escort to a transport or a bomber over germany and was caught in a fight around verdun . 
  that 's what i 've heard from his nephew , but considering the context , were information may not always be verifiable it may be incorrect . 
  my other great grandfather was luckier , perhaps the luckiest of the war as he was visiting friends in other abris when his was destroyed , then when he went back there his friend 's was bombed , something that happened a couple times more through the war , along with him riding a horse and a bomb exploding under him , propelling him on a tree . 
  he could n't climb down alone tho so that sucked . 
  then he got gangrene on his thumb but cleaned it well enough to leave a slight scar . 
  the war kinda flew over his head funnily enough . 
  was a joke , and it 's my grand grandfather , he crashed on an aa battery so there 's not much chance in finding his body . 
  in any case , have fun there and look closely on the ground , you might find something , ammi ir whatever . 
  small stout is french lebel , long bottlenecked is british 303 and rimmed long one is german mauser . 
  cheers !, 
  my grandfather 'll be there , say hi . 
  ^ ^ is ^ ^ joke ^ ^ no ^ ^ kill, 
  until the court decides in favour of the eu ruling this will be bullshit for me . 
  no motion against rhe german states for breaking treaties but when the southern countries do what the eu tell them they get scolded . 
  i 'll repeat my previous comment then , since processing and registering meant the same thing for me . 
  chinese steel is generally of poor quality , only fit for construction , and perhaps only basic one . 
  their steel mills are not much more efficient than european ones , perhaps not at all . 
  european steels mills and furnaces are mostly new , the only downside is the fact the primary ressources are imported and the workforce costs more . 
  so , because of the fact greece is less of an attractive place for people to live , and thus leave , greece is to be blamed . 
  they would deport them as per eu regulations , ergo incredibly slowly , with migrants dissapearing . 
  they were also employed illegally at times , lowering overall employment ( not necessarily true , thise jobs may have bot beeb taken by anybody otherwise , but you ca n't know for sure . 
  the state also actively did not allow them to leave the country , meaning there was acalais situation with lorries in the igoumenitsa and patras ports tens years ago . 
  because of our mountainous borders they still managed to pass through from the north to albania , bulgaria and the ex-yugoslavia , often beibg caught there or in serbia and getting deported back to greece , the original point of entry where they were processed first . 
  i saw a documentary a while ago in which a migrant tried to reach austria or germany for the fourth or fifth time . 
  i 'll need a strong source on that because i witnessed their processing myself , multiple times, 
  greece and italy have dealt with this issue for the past 15 years . 
  at some point , pre-crisis greece harbored 1 million migrants , which the eu never tried to help with . 
  how many does finland have ? 
  `` push forward '' , they process them as per eu regulations and ca n't detain them , what do you want them to do ? 
  this map is so beautiful, 
  i just refreshed ly memory on the wiki , apparently you 're right and i was conflating the whole thing all along , thinking the mujahedeen were the taliban until the 90 's and then spkintering . 
  lesson learnerd , stop getting on reddit when under influence of alcohl, 
  the anti-soviets were often called taliban , also mujahedeen ( probably typoed ) . 
  since the retreat of the soviets the extremist islamists changed the shape of the movement but at first , afaik , massoud did belong to the taliban , he was ob the moderate side that did not have that much close contact with religion and did get over tribal problems .
