  the main problem though seem to be the intermediaries which do tend to profit massively , while farmers run on deficits . 
  there 's also the rise of ultra industrialised farming which crushes the small competition . 
  if we want to move everything to a fordist system , then by all means but it always means more unemployment and lower standards . 
  also another big problem is that this issue is here for hears , perhaps decades now without getting to a viable solution . 
  nobody tries to bring an end to the matter , only half-assed talks take place . 
  currently the slaughterhouses and supermarkets tend to make a lot of money on agricultural products , while their producers have a mortgage and do n't have money for their kids education . 
  economic left/right : -4.38 social libertarian/authoritarian : -3.13 i 'm almost gandhi . 
  and i thought i 'd be branded a nazi ... 
  hmmm , guess i was mistaken , i was sure i had seen conscripts/fantarous having them . 
  i see . 
  are you sure about the aks ? 
  maybe they do n't use them anymore ? 
  i know next to nothing about firearms but ca n't they just take the g3 and simply twist it to their demands ? 
  what 's the barrier ? 
  all-right . 
  fair points . 
  g3a3s yes , my father had one but as far as i 'm told , by him and others the m16 ( i recall m4a1s but anyways ) were reserved for the special forces , \u039b\u039f\u039a and the \u039f\u03a5\u039a while the rest who did n't get the g3s got the ak . 
  that may have changed since then of course . 
  i see . 
  i was told that they had a good advantage , a very good burst fire setting which could make it easier to use in longer ranges . 
  i was mistaking it with the an94 , the abakan if i recall well . 
  but in the off chance it 's an ak94 ( which i 'd wager is at least as good as the ' 74 ) or another american one , it could be worth it to keep them . 
  also , why certify them ? 
  because pictures , especially of children drive the nail home much more easily . 
  i think it 's what you 'd call guilt trip ? 
  perhaps propaganda is too harsh a word , but showing that picture over and over and not showing the pictures of those attacking state workers doing their jobs is rather selective . 
  what will happen with those arms ? 
  would be nice to refit greek stocks , if they are better than the old g3s or ak74s . 
  another redditor said that the taliban are estimated to be 60k , however that number may be inflated by the simple people who support them logistically or who are hired to stir trouble , without taking part in combat . 
  such people tend to go work with the military too , desert , play the taliban , go back with the army and so on . 
  it 's a well known practice . 
  i can find no mention of such help , apart from liaison , some officers , refueling and i had heard of some drones being used for surveillance . 
  from the 3000 +545 european troops , only 200 are not french , and these comes from the force eutm which came after the bulk of the fighting was done . 
   simply put france ( uk also ) does n't have the capability to conduct independent military action without other countries getting involved . 
  if france did n't get help in mali the war would still be going on . 
  i do n't think that is true , france had bases and airports in mali , both countries have very large air forces and aircraft carriers . 
  the `` problem '' is costs and in this case they decided to cut costs to a minimum . 
  if they did n't have the support and were still interested in continuing the war they would have done it with some more costs . 
  i do not know any numbers but i doubt france would have an issue there . 
  as for libya , it was not a french or british venture , it was a nato one with mostly aerial strikes . 
  as we know very well , you can not win a war with aerial strikes alone , unless if you have nukes . 
  without ground forces in the whole territory nothing permanent can be done in my opinion . 
  the political , human and economic costs rise a lot more then though , which is why no european soldiers are on the ground today in syria or iraq , at least not as parts of their country 's army . 
  edit : a guerrilla war where the population tends to help the insurgents tends to be a lot harder than an open war some times . 
  for example , the greek , norwegian , polish and yugoslavian resistance movements in ww2 had quite an impact with the germans being unable to kill them all . 
  given the time though they would have managed it . 
  afghanistan was a bit like the vietnam of apocalypse now . 
  it was n't serious and the militaries were not committed to bring an end to the war ( which would have brought many casualties ) but also the local powers did n't do much to help . 
  that 's my 2 cents anyway , as a mere mortal . 
  i had heard that the actual fighters were few , about the 5k with the rest being village folk paid by the taliban simply to shoot some rounds in x place , put an ied and things like that . 
  i saw a the danish , swedish and norwegian documentaries on their military in afghanistan where it was explained that very often these people were hired in the months where there are n't jobs to provoke the military/police or foreign forces . 
  when they are caught they also tend to be counter-hired by the military and this goes on ad infinitum . 
  i was not aware of that . 
  however it is worth noticing that the weapons came from a mena country , libya , and perhaps so did the insurgents . 
  furthermore , what difference is there between kill sub-saharan , upper suharan or syrian rebels ? 
  they have more or less the same weapons , the same ideals and the same lack of education . 
  admitedly , the is is better equipped , but it was n't always the case . 
  in the long run , the war in mali is mostly done , whith the big cities now being safe as before while libya and syria/iraq/afghanistan / pakistan are still hell holes . 
  i do n't mean to compare and say that `` if the french were in x place the war would have ended like in mali '' , no , but going around saying we do nothing but scratch our privates is rather unfair , especially considering france is the only country so far that has sent ground forces in order to end a war/situation , which nobody else was willing to do . 
  same for central africa , the bulk of the foreign forces are french . 
  i do n't say this to stroke my ego or my nationalism and whatnot , i say it in response to your comments . 
  besides , is it a pathetic record for the british and the french ? 
  last i recall the usa was also participating , and other countries too . 
  * 3000 militants with no advanced weaponry * so , comparable with talibans or with the islamists ( and not only ) in lybia . 
  and what do you mean by `` had to ask for help '' ? 
  what about mali ? 
  last i recall , the whole operation was a success . 
  for some reason the page remains blank for me : /, 
  keyword , `` registered '' . 
  how come there are 120k in europe if only through greece about 150k passe in the past three months ? 
  maybe 5 years ago there were reports of the country harboring three quarters of a million irregulars . 
  spain has even more . 
  perhaps , however the sponge diver whit whom i had a talk said he had n't seen such a thing in his career , which started in the 50s and that the phenomenon started just days after chernobyl . 
  it could be unrelated but the timing is rather odd . 
  father was a prince if i recall well , and his mother ( ? ), 
  was greek . 
  ha , i 've seen that one . 
  sadly i 'm relatively far from supermarkets , but i 'll fidn one . 
  it 's not such a necessity after all . 
  did n't they mostly go in austria ? 
  now i understand . 
  what does the bolded part , * krai * mean on it 's own ? 
  i think i understand , did n't expect such a reaction though . 
  it can be easy to fall in a spiral or * no you * -  * no you * etc etc when both parties ca n't agree on something . 
  may i ask what happened in particular then ? 
  yeah , the local bar did n't have any left . 
  next week i guess . 
  * were you disappointed when you were looking through my post history i am disappointed when people do n't stand behind their arguments in an attempt to discredit my argument ? 
  you do a quite good job yourself . 
  * that is not economics talk ... 
  i did n't understand shit from the economics talk , but you do seems to be using disingenuous tactics , much like a troll , as your name would suggest . 
  really hope real trigger warnings do n't become a thing ... 
  i see . 
  pretty terrible practice , as many have died . 
  well , mocking those `` stupid people '' certainly wo n't change things for the better , unlike engaging in the discussion and giving arguments , explaining things others may have not though of in the same way . 
  y ' known , instead of playing the snob . 
  because the `` the '' refers to the kingdom , which is united . 
  like the greek republic for example . 
  but it 's plain greece because it 's the name , just like i 'll call somebody jack and not the jack . 
  i 'm not the best when it comes to grammar , not by a long shot but that 's how i perceive it anyway .
