  open for non polish speaking people ? 
  i see . 
  happy birthday by the way !, 
  i do n't understand what you point is , this video is not much valid evidence but the country already has a large amount of immigrants . 
  perhaps not as much as germany , but i doubt other countries have such problems . 
  well that would be their choice i suppose , but if they wanted they could , why not ? 
  besides , why ireland , they can as well send them in switzerland or in austria or hungary etc etc. 
  not sure but i think france does n't want the plan because of political reasons , the country would actually benefit from it since it already has a large amount of migrants , along with giving many asylum seekers their visas . 
  last i heard germany would reduce its number of immigrants because they already have too many compared to the parameters set . 
  in all , it means that bulgaria , considering the parameter simply does not have enough immigrants , while greece/italy/spain are much higher than the threshold . 
  the plan is to concentrate immigrants in a more homogenous manner throughout europe , instead of having some border countries and three four others take the bigger portion of it . 
  i think that 'd be rather close to the concept of parity , do n't you think ? 
  as for bulgaria having many immigrants , it may be a fact , it is nonetheless far inferior than in greece which has a much larger border length from where immigrants enter the country , along with its previous status of a developed country , so for many years before the crisis greece was the wealthy country to which immigrants went , it was their destination for a lot of them . 
  take note that there are hundreds , or more probably thousands that are not `` registered '' , coming from land borders . 
  athens has whole districts filled with them . 
  also , what i said is not wrong , it is a fact . 
  if you have more migrants than the quota attributed to you , you would not get any more , and perhaps lose some . 
  if it is not the case , then you will accommodate more . 
  or at least it is what i understood of the whole thing . 
  if you already have more than the quota attributed to you , you will benefit from it . 
  if not , then you 're out of luck then . 
  consider that the mediterranean countries already take five times more than they should be . 
  it 's based on population and since germany is the most populous country of the eu , they take the most . 
  considering they already got a big amount tho , it could mean a decrease in immigrants implanted in germany , so not too bad ... 
  before some reach england you must consider that a lot more are in `` border '' states , spain/portugal , italy , greece , from where they pour out into neighbors , into france , switzerland , germany , the other balkan states etc etc , to end up in the uk and the nordic countries where the disparity between wages of these countries , and the country of origin of these migrants are larger . 
  in short , they go where the most money 's at but the bulk of them remains in the border countries . 
  it 's true , they have the `` right of way '' and frankly that 's how it should be . 
  the problem being that it does n't yield any results , which is bad both for greece and the creditors / - speculators - . 
  you may be right , but my gripe here is how many media ( greek too mind you ) profit from throwing misinformation around and it does n't benefit either greece or the other european states , rather the opposite . 
  and certain tendencies to see the worse everywhere goes in the speeches of politicians at times . 
  it 's not that they have n't done enough , it 's that there 's not enough time . 
  if they were to do enough half the country would be sold off , the state assets sold too and europe would be flooded by immigrants who would n't have anything to stop them , either coming turkey or from the sea . 
  and on a whim erdogan would pull off some stunt , like operation attila 2 or something of the sort , you never know , and i doubt that would benefit anybody but the speculators . 
  greece spent too much , that 's common knowledge for years and the eu/imf cuts as a concept were viable but apparently were not implemented well enough , or simply the target fixed is simply too high in too little time . 
  remember , greece does n't have an industry , there 's no steady product flowing . 
  germany or sweden or france could pull it off , but not greece . 
  italy did because they have five times a higher population and a larger industry . 
  well firstly i 'm not saying they should be given free money , i 'm saying that when you want to get repaid for say 50 billions and the other has already been bled dry and has increasing secondary problems it becomes a tad difficult to get your money in the next year or two . 
  speaking of cooperation , three to two years ago , it was the european media who claimed over the roofs that greece was almost in a civil war , a blatant lie made to sell paper , which made tourism sink down horrendously , lowering the income for the state which would have served to repay some more debt . 
  jolly cooperation ey ? 
  besides , i think the greek people have already done quite a lot so far and as per the imf itself , they had assessed the situation wrongly . 
  the blame falls on greece but too many people act as if everybody was on vacation and as if it was the paradise , nobody pays taxes etc etc. 
  fun fact , greece is one of the countries with the highest taxation in europe , even before the crisis . 
  i think that repaying such an enormous amount is like asking from one person to break down a mountain with a pickaxe ; he may do it but it will take decades , not 6 or 12 months . 
  just wait some years , when all those extremists , seemingly `` feminists '' and others , will get more voices , you 'll see when x joke or x thing to say will become illegal ... 
  but is it as much in the coal used by the industry ? 
  i find it hard to believe . 
  are you sure that the amount of radioactive carbon is substantial enough to be worrisome ? 
  the part about taxation is pretty spot on imo , how many times have i heard business owners or industrial that they almost work for the government , with even their `` rainy-day '' funds being under high taxes . 
  why is south africa in the yellow ? 
  i thought they were doing relatively well , no ? 
  nuclear , even if it produces terrible waste , seems easier to manage , and the arms industry recycles a portion of said waste , so going full coal does n't seem like a great idea , logically . 
  finding hints of dna , thus ancestry does n't mean these people are norsemen . 
  a frenchman may have one breton ancestor , wo n't make him a breton , not comparable to one that has an extensive lineage from brittany at least . 
  i doubt that the vikings could have colonized normandy in such great numbers to outnumber the local population , they were rather assimilated , while keeping the upper hand in politics for a while . 
  or so i think it is , i 'm not a historian , just using my feeble logic . 
  was n't it set to be done like in 2005 in the first place , and then got scrapped ? 
  you really do have no idea what many people have endured and will continue to ... 
  as if the greeks and greece had done nothing ... guess those who ca n't eat are imaginary . 
  as a grgreek i agree with you , but for fairness sake it 's not just european/us media , it 's greek too . 
  everybody is the same kind of shit in the end , with some pearls here and there ... 
  hey , more gyro then !, 
  wish there were more gyro places , have n't had one in years . 
  aaaaand it 's the telegraph ... 
  how nice of them, 
  he does n't say that . . 
  apparently you were mistaken , nobody has been killed during this event for quite a while . 
  just like you were free to go grow potatoes under the sea and eat the seaweed to survive the great famine . 
  this is all bullshit , speaking with ifs and mays . 
  as we say in france , with ifs you can put paris in a bottle . 
  the whole thing is quite simple , greece has no money , little production and little investment . 
  the money being made every month or per year is less than the money used to keep the country functioning , repay the debts and interests , however lenient may these be . 
  thus it is only stupid to think a positive balance can be achieved , unless if the debt and interests and the public spending decreases . 
  i 'm not teaching you anything , however i doubt very highly that reducing the public spending much more can be attained ( some bits probably can be reduced ) . 
  privatising the companies that did make some money , for cheap , wonnt help either . 
  therefore it the only possible way this can go is with this circus having to repeat itself over and over again , sisyphus pushing his boulder , perhaps going down even lower . 
  ah , perhaps then, 
  perhaps , but the subject is the rate in march compared to february . 
  additionally , the years is still young , so it 's not necessarily going to hold up to what you said . 
  excellent for people who ca n't sail parallel to the horizon too . 
  that 's too ww2, 
  check my flair , 
  yes , i took the last sentence because it was the only part of your comment which i found weird/didn ' t agree because as you said , it is anecdotal . 
  armenians are n't fond of georgians either , does it mean georgians participated in killings against armenians ? 
   5 minutes for 10 kb ? 
  you have serious network issues . 
  i could morse you 10kb in 5 minutes . 
  5 seconds *  but then , why should you be forced to pay for a newspaper before reading it , and getting thrown out of the newspaper stand if you keep snatching them ? 
  why should i get a free newspaper that turns out does n't have any content but only ads ? 
  why should i get malware in order to read this advertising leaflet ? 
   even though some newspapers have been sneezed on and now are spreading influenza that 's a shitty argument and you know it . 
  if someone sneezes in/on a newspaper it 's his fault , not the editors ' . 
  if the website of forbes causes problems on my pc because of their ads then it 's 100 % their fault . 
   even though some ads in newspapers might be for products that are not actually in your best interest , sometimes even obvious frauds . 
  fraudulent ads are not handed out easily because there is legal repercussions for those putting them up . 
  just like cigarette ads can land you a hefty fine . 
   yes , because if this goes through , eventually , you will have nothing ( but a squeaky-clean and fast 30bps network connection ) you did n't understand anything i said . 
  i do n't want 0 ads , i never said that . 
  i do know however why people - and i - resort to adblockers . 
  because we went on to youtube to get away from television 's more ads than content .
