  current pensions are around the 800s but prices are still on the level of 2008 or 2010 , where they were much higher . 
  also , as said , many people support their families with one or two pensions , their sole revenue . 
  there are also the emergency measures the government had to take , asking a certain amount of money from the people , i think three or four times . 
  these sums were not unsubstantial at all . 
  additionally , electricity or water and other bills are on more or less the same level as they were , perhaps higher for power . 
  comparing the two countries on these parameters does n't have a point in my opinion . 
  i know of the basic tax which was/is 24 or 26 % ( companies , any kind ) . 
  that , on its own , is 10 % or so more than in france . 
  after this , the tax policy ofr companies is that they pay one tax for 2015 , in 2015 , and half the tax of the next year ( 2016 ) in 2015 . 
  you end up paying 1,5 of the tax you were meant to . 
  so at the very least 36 % if the troika had its way the other week , that would go from basic 24 to 29 , therefore 43.5 % ( 29 * 1.5 ) , that is without counting any other tax , social charges or other things i 'm not well versed in . 
  it 's madness . 
  considering the proposals were going to seeped the recession , to deny them , or part of them was the only thing to do . 
  also , the whole debacle is caused by the fact the debt is not well distributed , as in 2014 the state paid off its debts with only benefits they made from what they produced . 
  in 2015 though the country has to pay perhaps 5 times more than in 2014 or 2016 ( and more or less the same amount for every year until 2054 or so ) . 
  therefore the debt is sustainable , more or less except for 2015 , goals for which were given by the troika in 2010 , goals which are unrealistic . 
  islands are not fiscal paradises they have some help because the connection by boat or plane are so expensive ( and unreliable , companies do almost whatever they want ) also , the troika asked for an increase in taxes for companies , while they are already double than those we have in france . 
  that 's not the way you bring people in the country . 
  do n't you remember how companies and factories do n't what to come in france because of the taxes ? 
  imagine double or triple than that in a country that does n't have any native industry . 
  many of the propositions were nonsensical and would only create a much deeper hole to crawl out of . 
  also , for the past year greece has been paying its debts with its own money , in 2015 they were simply meant to have too many loans repaid , while all the next years , up until 2054 ( ? ), 
  they are distributed evenly , in a way that is sustainable . 
  2015 is the problem , not the debt in general . 
  germany has huge industry and industry infrastructure . 
  greece has nothing close to that , and the little it had was either destroyed by the germans during the war or was subsequently abandoned because of the lack of manpower/specialised workers . 
  this is like comparing the earth to the sun and stating that the earth does n't do much effort to reach the size of the sun . 
  two fucking different things . 
  austerity can work if people and companies are willing to bring in capital to invest and work . 
  greece has the double or perhaps event he triple of the taxes france or germany have , and both are relatively high . 
  how in the hell would austerity work then ? 
  it wo n't because nobody wants to work for the state , pay 50 and 60 % of what they make to somebody who just comes to ask for it , plus the social charges . 
  people do n't read long comments usually . 
  i myself am guilty of this , but tl ; dr versions could help . 
  well , they did start a discussion , so when they complain about the lack of debate they do it as a means to say that many people seem to be polarized according to the troika stance . 
  and frankly , i think they are right , a lot of people fall on petty demagogy as to punish the filthy lazy greeks . 
  calling out a politician who 'd destroy or sell out whole industry sectors ( solar panel industry for example ) solely because her country is n't much involved in it is not exactly the saintly thing to do , and merkel has done it , stepping on the feet of many european comrades . 
  also , you conflate the general opinion of the people , of the state and of a single newspaper . 
  but they are n't the biggest reasons of the problems . 
  tax policies are , as they are double or triple of france or germany , public spending , for which the people have no say and military expenditures are crazy ( although not always , remember they are in a heated neighborhood ) . 
  bah , they barely have enough to properly annex ukraine and result in guerillas , i doubt that with all the sanctions they can afford it . 
  in france less than 50 % of the people pay taxes , perhaps it shows that in greece the policy is simply too heavy . 
  as for companies , it is much harder to have fraudulent tendencies on that part , and as for france it 's the industry and other than the people 's taxes that make the gdp . 
  not quite , as there is no possibility of futurr developpement, 
  same here . 
  the telegraph , guardian , daily mail ; it 's all the same . 
  oh debts are paid , undoubtedly , 10 or 20 years ago we paid back a loan we had taken some time after 1830 . 
  see ya in 2190 !, 
  nah , jk in any case i like to keep some optimism on the side and considering the potential still not used that it 's possible that greece attains the level of italy ( proportionally ) in the future . 
  i may not see this though . 
  besides , even if constantinople is doomed , it was taken by treason because the greeks often fight each other , sadly . 
  that 'll be the mystery of politics for me i guess . 
  side note : http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ from a very recent post here i reckon the bulk for only one year was just too high and not homogeneously laid down . 
  well , the timing of the announcing of the referendum was indeed rather dishonest , i 'll admit but i can understand the reasons . 
  however , juncker had spoken about a possible referendum before but always said there 's not time . 
  in a way now it 's done , even if it 's technical use is limited . 
  as for you fellow compatriots , i can understand them because frankly i see many romanians in such posts , more so than germans or austrians for example , which tend to be the most ... severe . 
  the fact that far right ( also left ) groups relish in this situation is because it is a bubble , like the economy , that finally burst , the bubble of the partnership between the states . 
  too many times we step on one another 's toes to get higher than the other and that is not a union . 
  incidentally , this shows how dividing these parties are and how glad they would be to have us go to the nether for their own chance to shine and say `` told ya ! '', 
  summing up , greece fucked up , troika fucked up and unless we start wanting to develop the country instead of picking at its bones , we will never get over anything . 
  and that does n't fit only greece , but the whole of the union , meaning that we must start helping one another and not trying to make deals with the chinese to sell of an industry sector ( as merkel tried to do with the solar panel industry , which she did n't care of , to the dismay of france and spain ) . 
  ha , what is and should be , the eternal question , is it not ? 
  frankly though , i read some of the terms and they are absolutely crazy . 
  basic corporate tax is 24-26 % in greece and the eu wanted to raise it to 29 . 
  if i recall well , france currently has 13 or 16 . 
  also , in greece the tax policy is that companies pay one tax per year , but also pre-pay the next year 's tax , so in the best of cases they pay 24 +24 / 2 = 36 % with another term to have a double tax and not the usual 1,5 which all added up goes to 29 * 2 = 58 % now ask yourself , is it possible for a country to prosper when nobody comes to create factories there ? 
  58 would have been for solely that tax and not the rest of them , without all the social and other charges . 
  france does n't have 20 % and with the social charges many complain that they asphyxiate . 
  i can agree that greece has `` sinned '' in the past , but the eu 's policy is killing the country . 
  check this graph http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/troika-forecasts-large.png it 's not about free money , it 's about sustainability and for the past almost year greece was on a good track , repaying massive amounts of debts with the money austerity produced but austerity is a slow process and thus more time is needed . 
  i 'm no economist , but such debts are not meant to be repaid in 3-5 years , so if greece was simply given more time , the country could perhaps go back on a sustainable path . 
  that graph though does n't give much hope , showing , in my opinion , that austerity , or at least certain aspects of it simply does n't work and just drives away investments and future markets . 
  i do n't agree that it 's wrong . 
  it is inaccurate , but your comparison exonerates a party entirely and puts the earth on atlas ' shoulders . 
  i 'm very little versed with south part , could you elaborate ? 
  ( yes i know how explaining kills a joke , but if i do n't understand anything , then ... ), 
  some greeks had to sell their car to survive and do n't even have a horse or a cart . 
  oh well , whatever makes you feel better mate . 
  extorting ... with very high interest ... so you mean to say that german banks are n't going to gain from the high interest , right ? 
  even with the haircuts done , german and other banks have n't really been much annoyed . 
  when you have it bad it 's always nice to see somebody else and point the finger . 
  if i recall well there 's a song by tool that 's be rather fitting ... 
  greece pays taxes , even more so than germany , as taxation in greece , for companies at least is about double or perhaps even triple than in germany . 
  but it does n't matter , what matters is getting out of the spiral and i 'm sure as hell that pointing the finger to one another wo n't do us any good , nor will accusing each other do much . 
  renegotiation is different than free money . 
  also , much higher cost of living than in romania . 
  there are also many families that are supported by either a kid or two or grandparent because the rest are unemployed , only they do n't wait for retirement , there 's nothing waiting them . 
  whining about who has it worse though is not going to help except our own sense of victimhood , then we can indulge in being righteous . 
  and doing nothing , instead of trying to save the country and put it back up , instead o trying to profit off of it , picking the remains of the state . 
  i doubt a coup is possible , the ties with europe are so much stronger than in 67 and the cause of 67 are n't here . 
  also , a coup , without external influence has no chance to revert the situation , only sow more discord and chaos . 
  unless if the usa or others put their paw in it , after all , the 67-73 junta was partly their doing , as the south american ones . 
  nobody said the eu does terrorism ( direct translation is not always working great ) , it was said that the tactics used by certain governments were akin to fear-mongering and instilled a sense of fear to achieve goals not in the interest of the greeks , and in the future , european . 
  making oversimplification is one thing killing discourse and constructive attitudes . 
  what europeans need is something to unite them , not the easy dividing attitude and gloating so many are happy to indulge in , lest they feel cheated . 
  but hey , populism and demagogy are much more fun anyway ... 
  i would say the relationship is more of the barman and the well known alcoholic patron , the patron asked for drink and got drunk with the barman still offering more drink . 
  the next day the barman learns the patron had a car accident and goes to ask his money back . 
  in such cases , legally , the barman is ressponsible , in part and does n't get to gloat and ask for his money back while he profited on the back of the already drunk idiot .
