  well , one option , which i believe is the most likely is that it was done to push more sales once the product fails . 
  which is what happened because no such screwdrivers could be found . 
  i 'm ready to consider that some things that may impact the life of the product may be done to keep costs down , and to a degree it 's understandable but not this specific example , if proven to be thus . 
  on a hair drier ? 
  you seriously think that using triangular sockets is going to be better than using allen , philips or torx ? 
  kindly read the rest of my reply . 
  i worked in the manufacturing of parts for aviation and nuclear sectors where screws would need very specific heads , double hex , eccentric philips or whatever they 're called , six-cut and so on , but these are application where everything matters . 
  it does n't matter in a fucking hair drier as long as the size of the threads are correct and the length enough . 
  says you , but i did not find triangular headed screwdrivers at the time and i did search quite a bit . 
  i 'm also pretty convinced there absolutely no point in using anything else than torx or alen screws if you ca n't go with single cut ones or philips for consumer electronics . 
  especially for holding flimsy plastic . 
  i used to have a radio and a hair drier with those screws , just for the anecdotal example . 
  which is not always possible because of lack of technical skill , parts or because the devices may be made more complicated to prevent tampering . 
  even using proprietary screws for example, 
  i remain very , very skeptical, 
  that 's what i 'm saying the chip 's bad , useless and it makes the whole system fail . 
  what about planned obsolecense in fridges and other such appliances , where one chips gets fried and you ca n't make it work anymor , unless if you replace it at the dealership for 500eu or by a technician for `` pennies '' . 
  from what that reportbon tv said , that chio that usually failed was not critical and it was even possible to bypass it if i remember well . 
  in the wiki it states that it collapsed in the 17th century ... 
  doubt the coastguard boat can do that against that 50 + meter cargo ship . 
  the usa had always been the most protectionist compared to france tbh , when it suits their companies . 
  i hope they do n't plan to lift off on that rocket !, 
  it 's quite weird , the toulouse area is very flat , but i kinda hated it , found it extremely bland , but when i visited the netherlands it was quitr nice and refreshing . 
  so what does your heritage have anything to do with the matter at hand ? 
  heritage my arse , for most americans it does n't mean squat . 
  fun fact , it 's painted green . 
  i 'm telling you what i read a very long time ago in an article . 
  make of it what you will . 
  the fuck you on about ? 
  i never gave an opinion on the legitimacy , legality or morality of the communist regime , only stated the treatment the germans had towards the russians regarding the armistice . 
  the germans also did not give their terms based on the exterminations inside russia , they did not `` punish '' the russians for that but they took advantage of the internal struggles to ask for more . 
  if you imply i meant that , i would invite you to re-read my comment or you 're a git spewing whatever comes to your mind . 
  read up on the reparations germany asked of the newly formed russian state in 1917 . 
  so much worse than the versailles treaty . 
   lead the fuck up . 
  then called in the us when it could n't sustain a bombing campaign against goddamn libya . 
  such nato power . 
  who does n't love half-assed interventionism . 
  from what i was told , the only reason that is is because it was more expensive , not impossible . 
  which is quite understandable if you consider that the us has been in a state of war for quite a long time , which france has n't . 
  some guy said hermaphrodite is only applicable to animals/organisms , while intersex is only for humans . 
   it 's some peoples job to be offended '' that 's more or less where i wanted to get this . 
  i 'm appalled at all those gender politics `` problems '' because i consider them , most of them , to be completely irrelevant to the reality and that they are usually about sex and not gender . 
  dont get me wrong , some times it 's valid , but i do n't care what some person identifies as , for 99,9 of the population male refers to people with a penis and female to a person with a vagina , with no impact on whether or not they should be doing the cooking or the working . 
  i do n't think quotas are entirely bad , but if they stop able people not in said quota to get a job/have a good impact then i think there should be more flexibility . 
  and if we start getting all the lgbtq + quotas we 'll be stuck . 
  i wonder , why do they keep saying `` gender neutral '' when it 's all about the sex of the people using the toilets ? 
  is n't it sex-neutral ? 
  lesbian , gay , bisexual , transexual and i ca n't recall the last one . 
  usually they also have q at the end , for queer and then a + for all other possible epithets . 
  easy johnny boy , you might be a foreigner to europe soon enough , how would you like it if nobody gave you the attention you crave so much ? 
  whut ... 
  i just asked , i 've no idea . 
  i also said demilitarised , which means parts such as , i believe the firing pin and other mechanisms removed/welded and the barrel either torched open or filled in with lead or some other metal to make the gun unusable . 
  if it was up for sale for say , 100eu , considering the 3 euros it would sell for scrap , i might get one , why not ? 
  pretty big statement , not in my experience , especially when i have a whole regiment 200 meters from home and regularly get to see and some times talk to the guys . 
  do you reckon they 'll be sold as demilitarised guns ? 
  funny how we often get the `` this sub is full with x '' . 
  it 's as if people want an easy reason to disregard the fact people do n't agree with them . 
  makes it potable for me :p, 
  fair enough, 
  which was a coalition , no ? 
  fair enough . 
  well then , best we vote more people to the european parliament to counter such a low evolution of the situation !, 
  or is the point only to complain about it without an alternative ? 
  well , that 's their choice to take in that regard . 
  northern macedonia fits . 
  i 'd reckon for semtex it would be . 
  `` just 250g of semtex could destroy a commercial passenger airplane , as sadly proven in the case of the pan am flight 103 bombing over lockerbie in 1988 . '', 
  to be heard , it 's probably as bad in greece , my father 's a `` free professional '' , which is autoentrepreneurs and entrepreneurs , and he gets fucked bad . 
  worse than france , that i can tell you . 
  in france the company tax is at 35 % if i recall well , in greece it 's 45 or so , with all the added costs that the government put to face the crisis . 
  have you been in greece ? 
  quote from an american show past 03 ' , paraphrasing after more than 10 years : '' ... so there 's a problem with mike 's ( or whatever , the groom ) parents . '', 
  `` oh , it 's ok if they 're french '' motherfuckers . 
  many people managed to firgive germany and german soldiers , twice for what they did to our country and these cunts ca n't not be arsewipes towards us and others for not wanting to go on a war they started ? 
  do elaborate please . 
  that 's what i said in my first comment ... 
  i know , never said the opposite , did i ? 
  fair enough , but considering they became the status quo in 1999 and that the only ones opposed to them were massoud and his allies , it would be a relatively safe bet to say that most extremists flew the taliban flag . 
  massoud was fighting partly for his religion , that does n't make him an extremist jihadist . 
  some mujahedeen eventually became talibans , but many of them also stayed in their respective regions to fight against them . 
  to me it does , but not that much, 
  france provides the nukes , germany the uhu glue to stick them . 
  god damn american hot dog fishermen, 
  just like it has ports in the mediterranean , did n't you hear ? 
  wonder if a neighboring country might help in that regard . 
  possibly one with longstanding friendship pacts ... 
  ca n't the rafale land on it or does it not have a catapult ? 
  and as i told you already , from searching i could not find said article . 
  now , i know the guardian and vice are not the most trustworthy , but it 's hardly some chum in his sofa making a video out of thin air , is it ? 
  edit : since i know you 'll press on , i 'll redirect you to the comments replying to my initial one : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6damfi/blast_in_car_injures_greek_expm_bbc_news/di1c4xr/, 
  well , i do n't see anything from a rudimentary search , but the video must 've been either this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afzbnbimphu or another made by vice , which i ca n't really remember or have the time to search for . 
  well , i had multiple articles and a video to back that up , two years back , but yeah ... 
  i believed it was something that continued , which as i 'm being told is not the case anymore , so ... 
  from what i remember from that report , easily more than 2 years ago , the athens police would often find , some times every morning or night of a week , a lifeless body , shot to the head or beaten to death , whith all indications being that it was done by golden dawn . 
  if you get the downvote treatment , it wo n't be from me . 
  as for it not happening lately , i concede it was something i read a while ago . 
  they might have not heard of it happening i guess ? 
  it 's ok , the nazis do n't plant bombs , they just execute a migrant here and there for thr police to find the next morning ...
