  is that not a big incentive ? 
  that 's what i meant by `` open and inviting '' , not that they should close the borders , if that was what you though i meant . 
   europeans do n't want to do manual labor . 
  without cheap immigrant labor , much of european agriculture and other sectors requiring manual labor would collapse even in `` poor '' eu members . 
  i highly doubt this , knowing people , even a cousin having worked in the sectors . 
  perhaps the numbers have decreased , absolutely even , but what you said is a generalization that 's false . 
  frankly , even though not my job , my hobby is focused 100 % on manual labour . 
  carpentry and woodworking with next to no power tools . 
  i might even do some form of `` apprenticeship '' at a castle under construction ( it 's a volunteering project , think a bit like reenactment ) . 
  i 'm not the norm , but there are tons of people in similar situations as i. 
  besides , what do you think machinists do ? 
  it 's manual labour quite often and the steel industry in france has many such people , in other positions too . 
   west germany had to integrate 18 million east germans who were not used to the free market and who believed the state has to do everything . 
  even today , 25 years later , many east germans still fail to accept our values . 
  that 's what the racist hatred comes from . 
  west germans and east germans are both people that were the same country before . 
  they have the same language , the same culture , the same geographical distribution ( variations exist , but not huge ) , they were separated for 50 years , which does not compare to the thousands of shared history . 
  a german and a french also have shared attributes , cultures , religions etc etc. 
  hell , even the languages have common grounds , the alphabet , some words and so on . 
  what do the german and the syrian have in common , for the layman ? 
  hell , middle-easterns do n't even know how to write in many cases . 
   a young man from damascus , has pretty much the same attitudes as you and i , he would start his own business on day 1 if only our bureaucracy would let him . 
  thus , your generalizations about muslims are unfounded . 
  unfounded ? 
  when your talking point is about a young man from damascus creating a company in germany ( or elsewhere ) on day one had he not been stopped by the bureaucracy ? 
  first of all , why is he from damascus ? 
  how do you even know he 's from there ? 
  how do you know he is literate enough ? 
  how do you know he even knows how to count ? 
  how do you even know he 's not from aleppo ? 
  iraq ? 
  eritrea ? 
  a man that has many chances not to be able to communicate with potential clients/customers ? 
  in the end i 'm not even generalizing against muslims , i 'm stating that any migrant from outside of europe potentially will be a burden for some time , perhaps a very long time , without integration , a job or anything . 
  he may as well bring down the general wage in the unskilled labour , as it has happened in greece . 
  he does n't need to be muslim , a christian from congo will do as poorly as a muslim from lybia and as an atheist from say iraq , most likely . 
  i sincerely do n't think my generalisations are unfair or racist but a portrayal of reality . 
  is it the only one , no , but ti 's the most likely scenario considering the data we , or at least i have . 
  i also think we should differentiate between migrants and refugees . 
  refugees have some sort of `` free pass '' and thus should be helped in some way and when the conflict or reason they left ceases to exist , then have them sent back , but all others must never be allowed in . 
  each migrant in germany and co costs as much as ~ 20 in lebanon or jordan . 
  why are they entitled to being in germany in free housing with even some `` pocket money '' while others suffer . 
  they should be put in camps , processed and then returned or admitted but in no way able to have more chance of accession than those in jordan and lebanon . 
  they also entered countries illegally , many withotu applying for asylum , which is illegal . 
  that 's not being held against them . 
  i do n't even know what you 're talking about . 
  well that 's not very nice mr im_nice_to_everyone . 
  maybe . 
  if gollum has the ring , he can do as he pleases , little hobbit . 
  sorry , i though it was finland but now i 've got second thoughts . 
  really ca n't remember . 
   if they are economic migrants , they need to be turned back at the border , because asylum under the geneva convention is only for refugees . 
  refugees are entitled to a safe country , they can not shop around for a rich country . 
  i 've got nothing to argue about this . 
   greece and italy have joined schengen and signed up to dublin iii knowing full well what it meant . 
  there were not a million refugees in greece 10 years ago , as you claim . 
  greece is n't even prepared to give temporary shelter to 70,000 today , which is far below what sweden , germany and austria already do on a per capita basis for long term shelter . 
  germany now has to spend 25 billions/year to give shelter to migrants that came in via greece , without germany having any control of the matter . 
  there have been many reports . 
  at the very least the figure was one million for legal migrants , from the top of my head that was in 2008 . 
  before the coming to power of tsipras , there were multiple camps , put in place by the samaras administration . 
  i do not know the numbers but i 'm pretty sure it is above 70k people . 
  also , sweden has a terrible housing problem , at least in the big cities , what 's being done about that ? 
  more housing for `` refugees '' ? 
  as for germany having a control in the matter , in the short term they probably do n't , but there is n't exactly any appeasement that there will be in the long term . 
   if instead of cooperating with turkey , greece prefers to heat up antagonisms by verbal attacks , europe should not have to pay the price for that . 
  is it only greece that heats up or is it not ** also ** others ? 
  if we talk about turkey , remember their violations in 2015 are more than triple than in 2014 , so there 's not exactly a de-escalation there . 
  so far the price has been paid by the countries with a big influx of migrants being in their final destination and greece/italy . 
   now , we are in the crazy situation , where german naval ships have to control the border between greece and turkey because these two neighbors can not get along . 
  where would europe be if france and germany had kept up their hostility of pre-war times ? 
  it 's german ships because frontex is not funded enough or even given enough powers . 
  france also does n't have a history of 400-800 years of `` slavery '' under germany , nor does germany under france . 
  they are also far , far more stable politically , which greece and turkey are n't . 
  the last coup in greece ended in 1974 and afaik in turkey in the 80 's . 
  there 's more bad blood too , at least politically . 
  but what does it matter ? 
  it wo n't change overnight and the money sent to turkey barely did anything , while greece has n't yet received part of the funds allocated . 
   furthermore , refugees can come from other directions . 
  how many ukrainian refugees did greece take as solidarity with poland , for example ? 
  you 'll find far more support towards havign ukrainians rather than muslims . 
  ina hypothetical scenario where the country would not have any problems with migrants and a eu plan was put in place , they would accept the ukrainians , for that i have no doubt . 
  the thing is though that there have been problems with refugees in greece and migrants since before i was born . 
  pakistanis , afghans , albanians , chinese etc etc polans had its own problems after the fall of communism , but did they have all those refugees/migrants ? 
  i doubt they did but in any case it does n't matter . 
  it does n't matter because it 's nor a contest on who 's in the worst place , it 's about progressing as a union and not bringing down the others while going up . 
   so do i. 
  but for the project to work , everybody has to do his fair part . 
  it 's take and give . 
  too many countries only want to take . 
  germany can not carry the burden for the whole of europe and be insulted into the bargain . 
  i agree , but at the same time countries must stop being so open and inviting , such as sweden . 
  i think it was in finland where an asylum seeker could earn more money than an entry level worker . 
  this is absolute nonsense . 
  afaik 30 % of said migrants are practically illiterate . 
  can you even hope to function with those ? 
  because that 's what france did in the 50-60s , or at least partly , where it imported many builders which did n't have any education , resulting in - at least in part - to these generations of marginalised people . 
   keep on spinning the narrative . 
  oh i 'm sorry , where do they actually go ? 
  sure , france may also attract tgem , i 'm not trying to say france is better or whatever , they go wherever there 's money , france , uk , germany , netherlands , denmark , sweden and so on .
