  most of those people are also french because their parents were french and these parents were french because they were born in france our of french parent . 
  that is because algeria was french for more than 100 years . 
  this has nothing to do with immigration . 
  same goes for some of the others people from colonies . 
  did immigrants come who ended up going against the law ? 
  of course , but at times dealing with them can be difficult because of ngos and eu regulations . 
  there is also asylum requests , from some who are really in danger . 
  does australia take those people in ? 
   or maybe islam organically grew out of france , not through immigration and i 'm just completely wrong . 
  it came from outside , it ca n't be otherwise , however most of the terrorists were not 1st generation immigrants , but second or third . 
  afaik most of the perpetrators in november were also belgian , so nothing to do with france there . 
  no , i act as if somebody tries to avoid the confrontation . 
  save the ad hominem and say what you want to say . 
  i do n't care who 's the adult , what interests me right now is your argument and why you think mine is bollocks . 
  oh do tell , what 's my narrative ? 
  wonder if you 'll say that i 'm pro immigration , but i 'll wait . 
  well the main argument from some of the people i replied to was that we need to `` stop importing moroccan and tunisian '' immigrants . 
  thus i reply on that point . 
  as for the motivation , it 's his religion or his poor mental health , possibly both . 
  so what do ? 
  then pray tell , what did he mean ? 
  there are rules for immigration , a bloke with murder charges and whatnot ca n't stroll into france and gain citizenship . 
  if you wish to elaborate his point to provide the specifics , then i 'd be happy to listen . 
   moroccans and tunisians for example . 
  how many thousands immigrate from those 2 countries each year ? 
  how many of those were terrorists ? 
  you think they immigrate easily if they have a record ? 
   yes and that is why it does n't make sense to import more of them . 
  it 's not the 60 's anymore , nobody imports anybody . 
  if companies want cheap man power , they build factories in casablanca , not bring blokes all the way to france . 
   no , to stop importing more of them and try to fix the problems there are with the ones currently living in france . 
  redundant answer . 
   yeah , see how that will work out . 
  well it can only make the situation better . 
   lol . 
  you people make me laugh . 
  dictators in the middle east have n't been able to suppress islamic radicalisation and you think france can ? 
  no imam - no radicalisation . 
  a country , and an islamic at that is not the same as a prison . 
  to conclude , since you evaded my question very well , what would you suggest ? 
  in real terms , not that importing thing which does n't happen anyway . 
  letting in what people ? 
  as far as we know the guy 's been in the country for all his life . 
  he could also be naturalised , but that takes time . 
  what do you suggest , taking the , probably , millions of french algerians , moroccans and tunisians and deport them to countries they 've never been to ? 
  in places where some would not even be able to speak the language ? 
  you ca n't do that . 
  what needs to be done is in part to invest in the penitentiaries , increase capacity , place controls in the religious figures there , ultimately to curb the radicalisation inside of these facilities . 
  maybe increase the available psychiatric help . 
  the average guy is not attacked unless if his acts are illegal . 
  the recruiters et al are also dealt with , when possible . 
  i never said the opposite - i even agree , however , as per current information the guy was not a recent immigrant and he may even have been born in france . 
  otherwise , he was naturalized , which is a process that takes time . 
  the idea is `` i 'm in debt but i still have some small expenses that i ca n't deal with , yet for some reason i lose a big amount of money '' . 
  if you suggest we 're to ban immigration entirely , then it 's nonsense . 
  uncontrolled ? 
  yes , or at least change the procedures . 
  i 'm sorry , but back in time when people did n't have food to eat they either went in the brush to survive by their own means , start working in the fields or become bandits . 
  in my regions there are many vacant work posituons for menial work which nobody takes on , yet there 's unemployment . 
  but of course , it 's the fault of the state , never that of the people . 
  also , that bit about hope , housing is provided for people without work , with a very low , perhaps symbolic cost . 
  could it be better ? 
  yes , however i do n't think enacting terrorist attacks is justified because one has a shitty life . 
  and what is going to solve the problem ? 
  as far as i saw , the guys was french , of tunisian origin , so he was n't invited here , he was either born here or was naturalised . 
  oh i really doubt it classifies as genocide there , far from it . 
  some troops did kill algerians for `` sport '' , that 's true , however the state never endorsed it , and as far as i know even punished those who killed civilians without reason . 
  there was never a coordinated effort to cleanse the algerians from their country . 
  that 's not to say that it was right but it 's just not genocide . 
  what about the algerians that worked with the french during the war ? 
  many were executed by the algerian state , would that not be genocide too ? 
  pray tell , which events do you refer to ? 
  do n't recall if it was part of the curriculum , but in france we talked about the slave trade and the conditions to which we subjected the slaves in our plantations . 
  though no genocide , it is comprable and thus we do aknowledge it . 
  just like the shit done in africa . 
   get over here and break it yourself , the `` ugly people '' stereotype did n't come out of nothing after all :p i saw a wild and pretty redhead in scotland once . 
  perhaps it was a rare sighting or an invader . 
  or an irish . 
  in my opinion though , the best accent ( in english ) is either the spanish , the accent in some english series ( yes , very specific ) , or the minnesotan accent in fargo . 
  the russian accent is also nice , but mostly for cyka blyat reasons edit : and creole , either in french or english can be nice too !, 
  ah , the one i ordered then . 
  we think alike , good sir !, 
  : c plis no braek my fetisch as for the french accent , in english , i find it kinda annoying . 
  but the french accent when speaking french can be very ... oh l\u00e0 l\u00e0, 
  which one if i may ask ? 
  ha , you did not show the whole truth then !, 
  in other news , i got a pair of books too , guess they 'll arrive in 9 days . 
  wish there were more things about the history of the continent as a whole . 
  well , as many pretty redheads as you have , so many french girls of equal beauty you 'll get . 
  would n't be fair otherwise !, 
  those are weird books, 
  if it bothers you , you could send some over here , especially those without facial hair :d, 
  well , fuck you too austria !, 
  1 ) exactly , if it 's against the general belief and creed , why continue ? 
  what 's the point , since it even turns people more towards being hostile to them ? 
  2 ) it was an example , not my suggestion to you . 
  it does happen with some people , people who are respectful and not twats . 
  if i needed counseling i 'd have asked for a psychiatrist or a priest apt for confession , not some enlightened embezzling buffoon , though some do n't really differentiate logic from nonsense . 
  how do these compare with the late eurocopter or nexter models ? 
  to add up , i used to know a gypsy who was part of the evangelist denomination or something of the sort andevery five days or so she 's talk about the seminars she 'd attended to , how they are nice , that i should join and so on .
