  because we do n't want to get malware on our computers and because we do n't want intrusive banners wrecking our bandwidth . 
  if an outlet of any kind has sensible ad policies , with disclosure of the advertising , no unsolicited megaphone-loud commercials and sfw ads ( i do n't care about those sexy russians near me ) then it will be whitelisted . 
  if a website tells me i ca n't read its content because i 'm not a subscriber then i wo n't rage , i 'll just say ok and that 'll be it . 
  if it 's a magazine i 'm interested in then i may even subscribe . 
  does this sound like entitlement ? 
  i see it as respectful behavior from both parties . 
  if the outlet does n't respect me then i wo n't give it any more traffic and that will be the end of it . 
  interestingly colours usually need to be broken down in very small parts to then be able to mix with others , but if you draw a parallel with humans and mix blacks and white ( i.e. ), 
  in this way , you end up with a red blob . 
  it 's not so much france in general , but the young people . 
  for example some of the immigrabts , perhaps even those terrorists on the 13th of november could fit that , but also other people that come from different upbringings . 
  this `` identity '' problem exists since before the 1821 revolution . 
  people were divided between different allegiances , religions and cultures , at times being city-state like , or remaining in their villages . 
  there was an argument that the revolution should have happened later , to give time for the idea to mature and allow for more people to get on board and truly believe in it . 
  after the proclamation of independence there was some internal strife , during which the governor of the time , kapodistrias , was murdered by an opposing big family , the mavromichalides . 
  i do n't know if this identity problem is the same today as it was at the time , in my opinion it 's more closely , for the youths , like the ennui young people in france feel , that it does n't matter how hard you try as in the end everything will stay the same . 
   are you one of those people who complain and call for laws and bans when your shitty , 20-year-old toyota only does 180 on the autobahn while a brand-new porsche easily does twice that ? 
   maybe the problem is not the content you do want or the way it is being paid for , but your shitty internet connection . 
  it is indeed , but why should my internet connection prevent me from seeing text ? 
  a page of text `` weighs '' maybe 10kb or something of the sort , which i can download in 5 minutes in the worst case . 
  why would i be forced to load intrusive ads that have videos that need 5 minutes to load , while i only want a bit of text . 
  if you want to go by stereotype , then you 're not the model german of efficiency if you do n't see the problem with what i 'm saying . 
  it 's bottlenecking . 
  add to that the fact that some ads are actually malware or may like to sites that contain it , just like on the website of forbes . 
  but of course , i should be glad to have that too . 
  of course not , it 's for scientific reasons !, 
  perhaps , but those examples you pointed have the virtue of providing content and ads that have a beginning , a middle and an end . 
  this is not always the case with those ads , not at all often . 
  or pages that redirect you to surveys . 
  i have a relatively long fuse but those infuriate me . 
  or ads that prevent you from downloading something and when you are able , boom , he file was deleted . 
  remove it from the servers , you dimwitted mongoloids !, 
   but it 's entitlement to force the content creators to work without using ads . 
  oh i 'm absolutely with you , but i always see the extremes in this argument . 
  either no ads or all power to the website , able to put a hundred banners here and there , with sound , that eats up bandwidth and power . 
  why the fucking hell does the ad with the video and sound load on my shitty connection , consuming my limited bandwidth and the article only loads ten minutes afterwards ? 
  i think this is the root of the problem . 
  i have been redirected to ads that do n't allow me to read an article . 
  is it entitlement to use adblock to actually be able to read the article ? 
  if we go by fairness you can have both the ad and the content , but i 'm not on a website for the ad about chinese tools or russian girls wanting to meet me . 
  i must be missremembering the movie then . 
  the pianist does n't show the uprising itself much , it 's mostly the before and after of it and his life during that time . 
  the movie `` uprising '' is pretty good , retracing the events . 
  silly dutch , you do n't know anything . 
  if it comes from under the mediterannean , is kebab . 
  gyro master race !, 
  needing a kebab removal ? 
  good , they are still warm then !, 
  got ta jurassic park the shit out of them, 
  i always liked these animals , seemingly vestiges of the prehistory . 
  here , here , there , oh and over there too, 
  why did the woodworking tradition develop so much in romania , more than nearby ? 
  was the wood of better quality , or locals blacksmiths with more skill ? 
  remind me , when was the last war between those two countries and whether there are irrendentist claims . 
  that is indeed the case , thank you . 
  all-right , my apologies . 
   it would n't be the country having to rename itself but just one of the regions . 
  since you replied to a comment drawing the parallel between your case and the greece/fyrom one i thought you implied that it was the same . 
  especially with that username . 
  probably because neither parties wanted to rename the whole country from a region , one which i suppose was not very large . 
  to me it looks like syria , many factions fighting for dominance . 
  afaik in centre afrique there are two main factions warring against each other while in somalia you had many small ones that occasionally would strike alliances , but that 's all . 
  in the end it sound quite a lot like libya , althought details , perhaps major ones , may differ . 
  damn `` idiot '' eagle !, 
  it is not my place to say what 's sufficient or not , however i can easily imagine that the situation being volatile people those countries do n't want to end up in a new iraq or afghanistan : they do the nation building before doing an invasion , creating allies and putting order little by little . 
  mali is now back to pre incursion normal , or almost , somalia is very slowly becoming close to normal and the conflict in central africa is mostly over because of the peacekeepers , only needing time to close the wounds and reduce the tensions . 
  the problem with italy and others beibg left to their own devices is that they retain the problems and ressponsibilities but have reduced freedom of acting . 
  the shingles are , not the supports and the `` skeleton '' , at least so i remember . 
  you say italy does n't prop up a government , which is inaccurate . 
  they , france , the uk the us and a pair more have special forces on the ground and advisors for this exact reason . 
  as for deporting them being illegal , the situation is quite messy and complicated , with the eu not helping at all , the opposite at times . 
  it 's easy to say what you do from where you are because you never had to deal with it . 
  italy , greece and spain have these dead end issues for years , more than a decade and the eu has done very little on this front . 
  has the intervention in mali , somalia and central africa been useless to you then ? 
   often the metal value of the coins are worth a lot more than the number printed on them for silver coins perhaps , but not for those in the same material as the common coins . 
  i 've yet to hear it as lituanie , however the country is not a very popular subject so it does n't get mentioned often . 
  adding up to wht 's said , the wood is probably oak , perhaps chestnut , two woods that are very resilient to rotting and fungal or insect attacks . 
  his wife is french and aparently there 's a certain `` friendship '' between norwegians and the french . 
  dunno why . 
  it 's with a th / \u03b8 in both french and greek , not only english . 
  `` guaranteed to take you out with a smile ! '', 
  i still have a couple of pokemon cards , will let you know when vladimir and i shake hands :p, 
  call it what you will , however a jew who 's been in france for his whole life , whose family has been in the country for the past 5 or 10 generations is an ethnic french and nothing else . 
  he may have a jewish upbringing but that only changes his culture and personal experiences . 
  if you want to go by genetics and if he is indeed a decendant of the israelite jews , then one could say he 's of jewish `` race '' . 
  however nobody cares about that because your great-great-grandfather ^ 10 's life does n't change anything in yourself . 
  your grandfather may however have an impact in your life , your morals etc etc. 
   but everybody knows what are you trying to tell . 
  i doubt/uduhhelloo tries to say that . 
  i think he implies that ethnic germans would be less prone to radicalisation , which following simple logic ( not necessarily correct ) is not a stretch . 
  as for the urban dictionnary , if you mean the second or other definition then maybe , but if it 's the first then no . 
  how you can accept that drivel as a definition is weird . 
  no idea , finding out might only possible on a case by case basis . 
  in any case , i 'm concerned by this since i am both french and greek and have experienced some more scrutiny when applying for jobs in the military industry , for example nexter . 
  your nose has slight problem , are you ok ? 
  very simply put , ethnic germans are trusted to have alegiance towards germany alone , while ethnic turks of algerians may have alegiance to turkey and algeria . 
  to me it looks like you have on one side germans that are only germans , of german culturr , upbringing et al and on the other hand you have germans that are also i.e. 
  moroccans , thus potentially having conflicting interests . 
  a hundred years ago and less binational people would not be allowed to fight against the country they are partly from . 
  at least so it was with german soldiers in ww2 who were from the alsace regiin , the were sent to the eastern front .
