  that 's all nonsense because each invader influenced the country he went in and in case was influenced . 
  for example , romans influenced the greeks and were so themselves too . 
  i do n't think anybody claims absolute `` purity '' / descent , except from extremists but merely the language is affected greatly by the past . 
   we 're back just where i want us to be , in a debate about name dispute over geographical issues , and not historical . 
  the historical side is claimed by the fyrom side and the greek , however the geographical one is only used by the greek side , arguing the greater region is the vardar region and thus it should so be denominated in the case of the name . 
  which one ? 
   those customs are so rare in a mean of identity that they are all exceptions to the rule . 
  your identity is primary christian ( emerged as a must as an oppresion to ottomans ) and european . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martenitsa this but an example  even that emphasizes what i 'm talking about : if nothing else , your christianity `` killed '' the last part of ancient greeks in you . 
  not necessarily . 
  especially considering paul ( or peter ? ), 
  which came in greece to put in place the church based many of the doctrines on his exchanges with greek philosophers . 
  therefore , in a way and to some extent parts of the faith come from ancient greece , or the later roman occupied province . 
   you had n't had a basis for choosing those names as contrary to both of your cases as they actually has taken the place - you both chose your names after region . 
  does it change much ? 
  say the country wanted to take that name , would it change the reaction from croatia ? 
  in either case , fyrom takes the name after the region , however , are they the region ? 
  czechia is not bohemia for example . 
  if parts of bohemia `` belong '' to another country it then becomes x bohemia but said country does not take the name bohemia . 
  guess so . 
  funny to think that in 30 years we might be branded as fascists for even thinking as we do today . 
  as the saying goes , the only thing uniting the dutch and the french is the belgian ( jokes ) . 
  not large , but there are still some here and there . 
  the head of the kharkiv mafia , if i recall well , is nicknamed `` the greek '' . 
  the first governor of greece , kapodistrias was also from odessa , minister in russia . 
  when i briefly worked in a factory in thessaloniki one of the operators was russian greek whose parents were displaced from ukraine under stalin . 
  the northern coast of turkey , however has extensive greek history , so much that the people who emigrated/were expelled from there are still called pontic greeks and some still speak the dialect of the place . 
   i think being conservative in major institutional changes is always best for the stability of a society in the long run . 
  that 's what caused the demise of the chinese and probably others in the 18th and 19th century . 
  i agree however with your following point . 
   gays can be extremely pushy . 
  they are a group with interests , which they try to enforce , same as others . 
  i do n't like them either ( the lobby style ) because i see them as ultra progressive/regressive people who 'd destroy rather than build and change the system from within . 
  they are like the no borders anarchists at times , ideologues with pretty words for the followers and the sword for the opposition . 
   i think it goes without saying that everyone agrees it is best for a child to grow up being raised by it 's mother and father . 
  the argument goes that the kid may be as well or even better off with two male/female parents rather than with a single parent family , perhaps even a complete `` traditional family '' . 
  i do n't know if it 's true or not but whoever tries to hammer in my head a conclusion to this question without any proof whatsoever is as much a wanker as any other the world has seen . 
   i 'm a dalmatian in regional mean and i 'd always be , my croatian nation is just the higher level of my identity . 
  i 'm half macedon and as it is for you , my greek identity transcends that . 
  however that does not mean it does n't matter or can be twisted or toyed with by a party that lacks any hint of political programme or a dictator wanting to invent a national identity under which to rally his guerrilla . 
   still , only morons connect historical dalmatia with any contemporary ethnicity of its inhabitants . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know , but is there not a connection ? 
  does n't matter if it 's not 100 % , it 's not like the french or irish are 100 % celtic or the bulgarians 100 % slavs . 
  besides , there are customs still practiced since the antiquity , in different forms , along with the language which is an evolution of ancient greek , which the ancient macedons spoke . 
   so , your people from the area are greeks , they have been greeks for almost two centuries . 
  in a sense of reginal affiliation they are macedonians . 
  since under the ottomans there was a lot of mixing one can not say that the population was 100 % of x decent , however many villages spoke greek or its variants , kept the customs and the religion and rebelled in the name of romia/orthodoxy/byzantium . 
   in the same time those people from an another state north of you are macedonians by nation . 
  no mather how strong and powerful in diplomatic and economical way you are , they would still be macedonians . 
  you may change the name of their state , but you ca n't change their nation name they chose . 
  are they by nation or by invention ? 
  last i heard the macedon claims were held by some border villages/towns which were `` trapped '' on one side because of the semi-arbitrary drawing of the borders , the same way greek villages may as well have been in majority slavic/other . 
  however what made the whole country to be macedons was tito who wanted an identity that did n't tie him with the bulgarian `` fascists '' . 
  a claim that was enforced only for political points from recent-ish governments and much criticized by writers and historians in fyrom as being political games . 
  at least as far as i know . 
   just as nobody could change your name of greeks you chose in 19th century or like nobody would ever call italians to be etruscans or romans . 
  if we chose to be called croats or dalmatians i think there 'd have been some backlash and there would still be some today . 
  influential ? 
  a chihuahua makes a damn lot of noise but is it scary ? 
  an enraged chihuahua is just creepy and inviting you to kick it but i would n't call it influential . 
   i would question her gay sexual orientation the person can always be bisexual or discover its `` true '' sexuality later on . 
   it will always be worse for the kids and less beneficial to society . 
  that 's the problem , we make legislation based on this or the opposite of this while we do not know what is true . 
  you have on one side the religious/right/conservative that want to prevent adoption because `` muh danger to society '' and perhaps even gay unions and the other side the lgbtq + / anarchists/left wanting to implement those because `` muh equal right '', 
   greece is a summer holiday . 
  also the stereotype is that they 're homosexual , but no one above the age of 10 finds that one funny . 
  tell that to my classmates . 
  apparently it 's the best joke since belgian jokes . 
  greece existed since 1821 by that standard , with today 's macedonia being included since 1912 . 
  it still does not change the fact that the ancient macedon realm corresponds , more or less with today 's greek macedonia, 
  i do n't think it 's a trivial matter , it 's an open problem that needs to be closed and neither side 's current solutions are good enough . 
  northern macedonia was proposed and denied , then greece to fuck with fyrom proposed this time slavo-macedonia or something of the sort . 
  it 's also a problem politically because it brings a certain degree of superiority towards the greek far right which is absolutely undeserved . 
  i realize that , surprisingly , i have never heard anything about the falklands from the tv/radio and whenever discussed with friends it was always referred to as falklands . 
  by that argument their nation was born not thirty years ago . 
  which is nonsense . 
   ... the same way . . as in being threatening and claiming illegality , which is nonsense ? 
  no and my social circles would n't agree with him either , even the most extreme elements . 
  the general opinion i gather is that naming fyrom as macedonia or republic of macedonia is that it just takes away from the region , which is dear to a large chunk of the population . 
  add to that the irredentism and the ancient macedon claims to that and that 's where it becomes like the falklands . 
   the reason for successive greek government 's attitudes to this is similar to why argentina rattles on about the falklands , it 's to divert attention from domestic failings . 
  fyrom does the same thing , perhaps with even more fervour . 
  in either case it 's a regression back to 19th century politics , which is a disgrace for both parties . 
  additionally to what / u/nydiesel12 says , it 's very simple why the region should remain macedonia : it was named so long before the current fyrom had any claim to the name macedonia . 
  imo in france we should refer to the falklands as iles malouines , just as a jab to the roasties :p, 
  pfff , it 's always the same thing : politicians . 
  a game of show where every display of power , intellect , plan or lack thereof of any may be just a fa\u00e7ade . 
  it 's a vicious cycle too , because those who do n't play the game get eaten by the bigger fish . 
  adapt or die into the tango of deceit . 
  it may be a bit harsh towards the few who try to be honest but is there any progress ? 
  the intrigue reminds of middle ages courts . 
  true , but declaring it to be illegal sends the same message that russia sends when arresting people claiming the crimea annexation is illegal . 
  but yeah , politicians , it 's not as if they were much different elsewhere . 
  perhaps , but a supposedly `` brave '' person , a `` bro '' , a `` muscular '' and `` powerful '' `` man '' as kasidiaris must be able to suffer an affront , no ? 
  i mean , that 's what adulthood is in part , in my opinion . 
  that of course changes if it 's just another insult in a long series , there it just becomes the only answer possible . 
  if an idiot keeps pestering you with inane questions well you can only answer so many times . 
  hmmm i do n't quite agree with that analogy . 
  kasidiaris was also behaving like a cunt ( should one be surprised ? ),
