  would 've hoped for somebody else to act on them than the fn tho . 
  is n't that the big political problem in europe ? 
  i do n't get what you mean . 
  i know he pulled the number out of his ass but i doubt it 's a joke for him . 
  where do you get that statistic ? 
  i 'd love to see your sources . 
  it 's the tree of life . 
  there 's also the london plane , which nobody calls this way but the british . 
  the 60 's version is better as in not a big fuckfest . 
  well when you usually only get negative comments on places like reddit it 's only natural to become polarised . 
  like we do with belgians or you suckers , we piss on but we still love you afterwards . 
  voters are really strange at times ... 
  the moon is made of cream actually , i have proof from late 19century or early 20th . 
  it 's even in video !, 
  also , it 's a face , with cream on it . 
  chs nowdays uses equity though , probably to counter this point . 
  prior to the balkan war it was , if i recall well , the most populous city in terms of proportion of jews versus total population . 
  the allatini family and modiano for example were jews and have left some buildings throughout the city . 
  fun fact ( might not recall it well tho ) the daughter or niece of the allatini family chief married somebody from the dassault family , which boosted it . 
  supposedly last year 's numbers were lower than the previous . 
  maybe but i 'm sure you can find even bigger differences . 
  for example i got my licence in a large city and picked that driving school ( for lack of a better word ) because it was n't far from home but people havign their licence at 300 and 400 are not unheard of , while my classmates in france have given me prices up to 2100 eu . 
  it depends a lot on the location within the coutnry imo , too . 
  got my licence in greece : 500 or 600 . 
  in france the prices started at about 1500 , so there is a difference . 
  personal reasons , local community/friends , lack of suitable jobs in the vicinity and probably many more . 
  that does n't mean everybody is like that , some are indeed held down by the state 's poor management et al , others just do n't try . 
  funnily enough this is not the same social context which you claim it to be , it 's the internet , which is supposed to be free for all and everything . 
  if you do n't like it , downvote it . 
  maybe or maybe not , what 's sure is that many also need them to go places where no bus goes . 
  your criticism would be over the number of cars , questioning how useful they are to a certain amount of people who do n't use them much , but you came off as generalising towards everybody . 
   this is not 4chan does it matter ? 
  or maybe would it be better if every username was approved by a comity ? 
  to some extent this is censorship by imposing your ideal . 
  i do n't think that attributing this to `` poor integration '' is the whole truth . 
  in my opinion it 's less than 50 % of the * actual * reason, 
  why ? 
  these burnings happen for the past 20 years or so , so reporting the decrease in terms of cars burnt is nice , showing this stupid trend may come to an end . 
  most of those `` youths '' are most likely second or third generation immigrants , therefore the question you ask is rather irrelevant . 
  before the black death it may have been accurate . 
   get a bus or a bike some people ca n't go to work using those because no infrastructure exists . 
  having a car gives you an incredible ammount of freedom in terms of effective radius , while a bus only gives you many small radii that ultimately , in most cases are less significant . 
   change that disgusting alias why should he ? 
  he fancies it so who are you to order him ? 
  was there some years ago , really nice place . 
  the greek orthodox do n't use the 6-7 january dates , they use the same ones the catholics use . 
  and still no snow in the bloody ardennes ... 
  damn turks stealing our snow :(, 
  hey , if it looks silly but works , it ai n't silly, 
  i think it 'd one from french polynesia ( do we still have it ? 
  ) , reunion is not that eastern and the uk probably has more islands in between . 
  fake scandinavian !, 
  can greece into scandinavia then ? 
  all-right , i had a more general definition , going from samothrace torhodes . 
  just a question , how do you define `` east aegean '' ? 
  it 's not always less than 12 nm and in the instance it 's too close to land that is not connected to the mainland it 's a means to gain such uninhabited isles . 
  ah , had it wrong then . 
  well at least now you know where to buy mad max cars !, 
  i think it was on worldnews where it wassaid to be more or lessin line with previous theories and with newrby populations . 
  if irecall well it 's mostly a stretch of naval borders , greece wants them extended by 6 nautical miles or so , through the entirety of the east aegean , like a strip of rope and this encompases many small islands and a pair of larger ones , over which there are violations/flybys . 
  actually , airspace violations happen over contested areas but also over uncontested ones . 
  limnos , rhodes and evia are such cases . 
  wasthe netherlands led by the hero of verdun , towards whom many had almost only adoration ? 
  what the hell is huntzinger 's gong ? 
  me neither but when i suggest this he gets all angry that he studies that for years and that all the proof is there . 
  quite strange . 
  or he was n't and may have helped those in need , such as resistants and jews . 
  i see . 
  said guy used un reports that supposedly , beyond the conclusion , stated that the phenomenon would be global and that ultimately the human effect on earth is almost negligible . 
  is that nonsense ? 
  a guy told me we are currently in a stable temperature zone and will reach a point of where the weather will go colder , is there any truth to that ? 
  perhaps the same about the cia opening their 's ? 
  or do you want to suggest france protected all the vichystes and that we are literally hitler ? 
  no , tell me epoxxy , `` what does it say about the fact they they opened the archives about 70 years later ? 
  '' , say frankly what you want to say . 
  can you explain to me what the difference is between the average retirement age and effective retirent age , please ? 
  the taliban used to comprise both extremists and people like massoud , so at the time it did make sense . 
  ah i misunderstood then . 
  well some towns have such issues , like a nearby one where a randez-vous to have your eyes checked may take more than 6 months but it is not by any means the norm . 
  maybe it was a similar case and he thought it was for all the country ? 
  it deffinitely strikes me as odd . 
  the average age of retirement in germany is 61 or 61,5 as per the oecd . 
  i do n't have much internet to search for this , so if you want just google median age of retirement and oecd . 
  edit : the `` basic '' age of retirement is also 67 . 
  when i had my internship in the machining sector , all the heads of machining shops and those with responsibilities had passed their 70th birthday and worked just like before . 
  the factory i was in changed the director 2 years ago because he was finally too old for the job , at 84 . 
  this is anecdotal evidence of course , but your data is also quite anecdotal . 
  retiring at 50 was a thing for minority jobs ( police , military ... ) and with some , numerous enough , cases of abuse , however the average retirement age was . 
  at 60.5 or 60.9 , which was just slighly under germany , by half a year or so , if i recall well . 
  i think your uncle exagerates , or has been victim of a freak story . 
  you forget the turkish settlers , which i am told the turkish cypriots di n't like . 
  yes , mostly that plus some sound fixes , different watch type and imo slightly different ai . 
  i think it changes the game a bit . 
  nothing ground breaking . 
  but in the case of metro 2033 it makes it easier to beat in stealth . 
  i did , but you stated that it failed because of the matter in question , among others , which puts the focus more on this than the others . 
  if the other matters are resolved , or there are oositive evolutions , does this matter of the propreties still have much weight regarding the unification itself ? 
  that 's what i mean , many issues stop a deal but if there are less what happens then ? 
  did they fail solely because of that ? 
  i heard of the kofi annan plan which was essentially fucking up greek cypriots so it was going to fail either way .
