  years later , another person though not a gypsy , tried to convert me . 
  i mean , sure , that 's nice that you like people and want them in your church with you , but hiw many times does one need to say no ? 
  all those casez reminded me of the things we see about american teleevangelists and co , doong those big spectacled , `` you 'll be free '' and shit . 
  oh shit , though he was called edward . 
  which philip ? 
  of macedon ? 
  you could send over your queen , that way we 'd have our own mummy , harharhar, 
  havin ' a giggle there m8 ? 
  no silly , it keeps bens away . 
  dunno what that is though , since it 's heathen language . 
  you need education , french education , deus vult !, 
  what do you mean we 're the same religion ? 
  lies , lies and slander !, 
  from my very , very limited experience , yes . 
  it 's a reccurent theme about portuguese , hairy women , small , only employed as builders and so on . 
  maybe school professors should n't lie to their students ? 
  god damnit , i ordered parabens free soap ... 
  well , looked that up too and ca n't find anything either , though i remember distinctly from our history classes that at least makrigiannis was a muslim . 
  perhaps it can be found in his memoirs , though i do n't really want to bother with it right now . 
  edit : well , i guess i had it mixed up , apparently it was odisseas androutsos who was converted to islam when he was 18 and during the revolution may have `` reverted '' back to christianity . 
  whether or not in the lesser ranks there were muslims is something that i do not know and ca n't really verify , though it may still be possible . 
  makrigiannis and i think markos botsaris , but i 'm not sure for the latter . 
  eh , islam , even if the religion of the oppressor , was not seen as much as the enemy . 
  some revolution icons were muslims after all for example . 
  this is even more so the case in general when you think that greeks are on good terms and even thrive ( d ) in muslim countries , egypt , moroco or lebanon . 
  i 've met a person who claimed that in pre-2011 libya manh greeks worked in the petrol industry and they were geberaly very well seen . 
  my experience with tunisians changed for the better once they learned i was greek . 
  the city of thessaloniki could also perhaps be a good example of tolerance , where muslims , christians and jews all lived in harmony for very long . 
  in all it seems the issue is not really with religion but with the governance/pogroms/taxes . 
  i think the sub 's rules do n't allow that . 
  however a sum up of the article could have been provided . 
  well , love by the sword , die by the , erm , horn ? 
  my c, 
  yeah , instead they do musical performances in parks out of the blue at times , worst place ever ... 
  stupid ` muricans , it 's australia !, 
  could you elaborate on lean management and the 5s , why you think it 's bull ? 
  i 'm really split between the two . 
  on one hand i want france to win because fuck germany , but on the other hand i want the fritzs to win because fuck the french team ... 
  yeah , 12 years, 
  even bette , crime of passession !, 
  why ? 
  as the people answering to my first comment said , i m not accurate but do have some of it right , and thus my main argument that the situation of ireland is dissimilar to that of cyprus . 
  why should i stop talking , did i offend you ? 
  as far as i know , the division that occurred in the 20 's ( 22 ? ), 
  was enacted based on a vote . 
  the south sought independence while ulster chose to remain within the uk . 
  now , whatever happened afterwards is a bit different because the troubles were essentially a small civil war , with people from both the uk and republic of ireland participating . 
  thus , as i see it , it wzs not a case or invasion but of conservation of uk territory , no matter its legality or `` fairness '' . 
  meant orlok , been a while since i saw the movie . 
  send applications to count nosferatu , castle bran , transilvania . 
  maybe it 's dependend on his degree of sobriety ? 
  haha , it 's all-right , everybody has his weak spot . 
  mine is english food ... 
  tata steel is another branch , incorporating many formerly european companies , some which were very good . 
  just roll with the bandwagon , we were never even close to being surrender monkeys , but there we are . 
  arrogant twits be arrogant twits , the best you can do is disprove them , smile and nod sarcasticaly . 
  reminds me of a certain battlefield 3 map, 
  the only thing bothering me is the width of those tracks . 
  afaik in france they are much less wide wide . 
  speaking of romania , they have retained a lot of the woodworking and co traditions there . 
  one of the leading figures in green woodworking in the uk , if on could say that , called robin wood has often talked about romanian craftsmen , even using a type of axe from there . 
  woodworking is having a ressurgence since the 1990s i 'd say . 
  i 'm doing some spoon craft when i can and may start doing some other things , like small furniture . 
  green woodworking can be picked up by bushcrafters too , so the two hobbies intertwine a bit and since buscrafting is becomibg more and more popular , so will the other . 
  the uk , us , sweden , germany and to a lesser extent the other european countries have clubs . 
  in the uk there 's even a `` festival '' about greenwoodworking , spoonfest . 
  it 's an interesting milieu that can also have be in relation with many other hobbies , reanactment , campibgs , history studies and so on . 
  or those not crazy enough to spend 2 hours in traffic . 
  lies , it 's about me !, 
  what do you mean , ca n't one have 5k rounds for his own use ? 
  fucking liberals , how am i going to cut the trees in my yard with my minigun ? 
  it did n't brake early enough . 
  shows how little you know . 
  if you go in the islands or the mountain regions before summer and after , you 'll only see green . 
  hell , limnos island in april is like the scottish highlands , stone walls and all . 
  it is said , though i have n't checked , that greece has more ground water than france , which is quite green and rainy . 
  perhaps the comparison with the french counterpart , which is smaller and may fall better within their projections ? 
  no , do tell me , because if we do drop this i end up thinking something which you do n't agree with , while if you explain your point a bit more in depth i may agree with you . 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  just because a website lanched its silly crucade does n't mean they w ` are the cause . 
  the people may have as well reacted and seeing this the far right tried to gain cheap political points . 
  additionaly , how does this change from the usual `` lobying '' that happens in all sectors ? 
  is it wrong only because the light heads of the far right do it ? 
  the general points stand : 1 . 
  the type of music does n't fit with the occasion 2 . 
  as you said , attracting teens for a party is not the context that was expected 3 . 
  there are concerns over the morals of the singer you can also say that it 's because he is black , or has immigrant roots or something of the sort , but if some say that does it mean the rest also loses legitimacy ? 
  i do n't know if i agree there . 
  just because the right was opposed to this does n't make this situation a prime example of the influence of the `` fascists '' in france . 
  in addition , not everything done by the right is racist or something of the sort , just like not everything the left does is a ploy for internationalism . 
  rapper wanted to perform during a ceremony/was booked by the mayor , pplemic ensues , booking canceled , rapper whines-muh racism and right wing , he is then discredited for certain things he said in the pasts , sich as treating people of `` kouffars '' , an insult in arabic . 
  that 's the little i got , there 's probably more and stuff i did n't get too well . 
  seriously though , that guy , blackm really does n't fit in with the whole thing and in my opinion played the victim afterwards . 
  none whatsoever , unless if you count tourists . 
  yeah , guess i stopped for the same reason . 
  eh , i always saw myself as a diverse listener , yet still got metal hammer for the sake of reading something metal oriented . 
  i can give you examples of such `` fake '' metalheads who despised the magazine . 
  i also liked the articles towards the end of the magazine , giannis something i think , always had a caustic humour , even cynic , which i appreciated . 
  the line between hard rock and metal was very blurry in cases though . 
  105,5 rock fm has rock and its sister 106,5 or as they call it 105,5 rock extreme is a lot of metal , though i 've .
