  greece is n't there for the past five years . 
   i 'm all in favor of a fair sharing of burden . 
  that is what merkel aimed for when she took the refugees from hungary : to take the pressure off the border states and give europe time to replace dublin iii by a fair sharing of burden . 
  yet instead of moving towards a fair sharing , everybody , including greece , now turns around claiming that the refugees are germany 's problem . 
  i agree with the redistribution , as it ca n't be done otherwise , unless if atlantis rises up for an australia type solution to happen . 
  everybody right now tries to cover his bases . 
  but tell me , where was the eu and the eu countries 10 years ago ? 
  there was a million irregulars and non irregulars in greece only back then . 
  along with italy they were pestering everybody for help and nothing came of it . 
   if germany was wrong to open its borders , as a temporary emergency help to the border countries , then germany must now close its borders . 
  that is the logical conclusion of the narrative that is being spun . 
  what narrative and by whom ? 
  i 've never said that . 
  frankly , so far apart from the hypothetical atlantis i 've given no solution , mostly because i can not fathom any . 
  what i do know however is that gradually the so called union is becoming less and less one . 
  no unity , no forward thinking , sketchy implementation and application of regulations , incredibly slow reaction times . 
  that 's not on germany , that 's on everybody . 
  i 've never been an eurosceptic , and wo n't become , i just want the `` project '' to work and not be smashed because of such mess or bureaucratic inefficiency . 
   after all the british have the same attraction to migrants , yet they close their borders with the migrants piling up in calais . 
  never said the opposite . 
  that 's why i originally said '' germany and the wealthy countries '' . 
  i see . 
  thanks . 
  considering the vikings/varangians/rus had some overlapping , the latter is n't too far fetched in my opinion . 
  do you happen to have an example of scythian ? 
  sounds very interesting . 
  as if the threat was unilateral . 
  it was a bargaining chip , one that failed , against a policy which seemed unfair . 
  additionally , the border countries have had problems for the past decade ( s ) , often asking for help from the eu , never receiving any substantial help . 
  on the contrary , at times receiving strife and threats themselves . 
  who 's to pay for the refugees that were attracted to germany and the wealthy countries ? 
  greece , italy , spain , malta ? 
  grrrrr ... 
  i think this is the top comment in a post in this sub about european jokes . 
  still , very fun . 
  my brain in my head hurts !, 
  we 'll see on the next invasion :p, 
  i see . 
  guess i may have been unlucky . 
  i do n't really know how to describe it , it was between sour and something else . 
  two were from a `` bio '' shop , two different brands though and another one was from germany , a town/village bakery . 
  dunno if said bakery was making the bread itself or if it was just baking it only . 
  ah , finally some sense !, 
  my problem is not even the texture or the `` beans '' , it 's the bitter/yeasty taste . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 'd be pretty nice without that . 
  yep . 
  i see . 
  makes sense i guess , considering the 19th and 20th centuries were times in which history was a political tool , whose fallout we can still feel . 
  all-right . 
  might be a bit personal but how come you know these things ? 
  is it part of your studies/job ? 
  i swear i 'm not from the gestapo :p, 
  i see . 
  thanks again for the info . 
  any documentaries to suggest ? 
  what was the jannisaries ' reason ? 
  well put answer and quite informative , thanks . 
  your 's too ? 
  awww, 
  then you may as well eat astronaut food , little cubes with all the nutrients . 
  besides , if we go by volume then you 're right , but if we take loaves of equal weight ? 
  you also assume french bread means only baguettes . 
  big mistake . 
  dunno , but that thing was as dense as a brick . 
  and moist like ... something, 
  is sikrit but today is sikrits day so i 'll tell you : i 'm bi ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ national . 
   better than the bioweapon that you call baguette . 
  you could build a fucking fall-out shelter with those . 
  / s to be heard , some have so much air in them that they 'd be better insulation than aerogel  . <  we have a lot of different breads with different flours and not only rye . 
  i like the taste of darker breads and they stale not as fast as a white bread . 
  rye bread is really good with butter or topings with a stronger flavour . 
  however it 's important to get bread from a decent bakery and not the cheapest mass produced bread made of flour that you would n't even give your live stock . 
  agreed , but what 's with the yeast ? 
  i do n't have a lot of experience with german bread but i did eat some from multiple different sources and it was always filled with yeast . 
  is your bread flour or yeast based ? 
  but sweden invaded germany , no ? 
  when he days commands he means orders , as in ordering/buying/commisioning ships and boats and military assets . 
  never heard of the irish , greeks , ottomans or swiss ever persecuting jews , bit i never checked . 
  a german saying this to a swede may not be sending the best of signals mind you :p, 
  figs grow also in the north of france . 
  it might be because of the altitude . 
  i found a type of bread a while ago , it was just a bit sour and the `` bubbles '' were very fine compared to other bread . 
  was it rye ? 
  black german bread . 
  that thing that 's more like agglomerated wood boards but with whole grains rather than wood chips . 
  how in fucking hell can you like this ? 
  the texture can be ok and it goes bad rather fast , but that 's nothing compared to that god awful taste of yeast or whatever . 
  silly frenchies have nothing on glorious tzatziki . 
  they even sell it in some super markets now !, 
  ( it 's not too bad actually ), 
  aww , such love . 
  now kith, 
  '' ... did n't know this either . '', 
  but i did know that , even implied that mitilini was in lesbos  . < check my flair xaderfe . 
  true enough , his argument was over vaccum brooms ( do n't know the word/am tired ) which would tend to cost much more . 
  this sounds more sensible imo . 
  i too needed the / s , with the things i 've read in these past days it 's not too much imo . 
  eh , even in lesvos you should be all-right , just avoid mitilini and the places where the migrants gather . 
  as far as i remember the island is large enough to able to do that . 
  limnos is smaller and you can do quite a trip in it .
