  no , i say that you are , currently , illegally , occupying another bloody country that 's in the eu , which you also want to join . 
  as i said , cyprus is relevant because of you stating `` we did n't . 
  '' , which i saw as playing the victim , thus answered back with a situation your government keeps perpetrating , knowingly . 
  nothing to do with russia but you specifically say `` we did n't raid russian . . '' , well yes , you do worse , albeit marginally . 
  but that 's not you asa person , or russians in generak , just the government . 
  constantinople is n't relevant as no country of that time exists . 
  cyprus is relevant . 
  yeah , you just occupy norhern cyprus . . 
  as i said , it 's been ten years and greece is bulking . 
  concessions must be made , and not giving any support to the state is not part of a concession . 
  they tell them to spend less but at the same time to spend more and to hire people . 
  give a carrot and a stick , not spanks for things that are not our fault . 
  i do n't like it when it 's not done for the past 10 years and what is currently done is the opposite of lightening the burden . 
  i feel like m\u00e9lenchon is a nice person * au fond * but in order to be `` incorruptible '' he puts his politics before his common sense . 
  true enough , there 's a lot of defeatism , but the fn tends to relish in the posibility of a defeat of the eu , while the others are just blas\u00e9 . 
  accept eu help to kzep the migrants in ? 
  i do n't like it , but say we accept it , what 's the incentive ? 
  how can greece cope , there 's not enough money to run the state in the first place . 
  at least fund them . 
  greec has asked for help in that regard for years and nothing is done . 
  i do n't think it 's a strawmab , rather an exageration . 
  i also thought that you were going for leaving the eu , not only schengen , which would put you close to le pen 's policy which is defeatist , imo . 
  so the eu has responsibilities towards non schengen and non eu but fucks over its own member in doing so . 
  great stuff . 
  assuming you are right , who will cover the costs of those migrants ? 
  remember , for greece this migrant crisis has been going on since before the arab spring and not much help has been given in that time . 
  schengen and the eu is france 's way . 
  we created it , we 'll remain in it until the boat sinks or until we patch the holes . 
  if we are n't determined to make europe what we set out to make it into then we may as well shut our borders and become isolationist , because that means we failed to make work something that took years and a lot of blood to create . 
  but is h\u00fcrriyet trully independent ? 
  i do n't know , just asking . 
  oh no , not at all , i do it myself too , quite a normal thing to do if one sees something he thinks is wrong . 
  no , what journo said . 
  that kind of comment has as much worth or validity as all those `` somerhing something xxx something something '' that just want to make fun of the oposing opinion ( s ) as not valid . 
  i file those under the word shitpost . 
  it was critical , but now it 's worse . 
  i 'm nit able to back my claim right now but i think the situation was less critical before and the number of fake syrians lower . 
  now the `` syrians '' are everywhere and are processed more easily no matter if they are accepted or not , they waste ressources and can still remain in the country . 
  i think it 'd be best not to believe either and whenever seeing their articles take them with a pinch of salt , knowing there may be some bias . 
  perhaps some writers are gulenists and others erdoganists . 
  the above link can be contested , since the media company has ties with erdogan . 
  therefore you comment may be rather silly . 
  i would have said it 's the whole problem with the pashtuns bein regarded badly and the reacting by boosting taliban ranks . 
  yes but stating the obvious had the result to increase the amount of incoming `` syrians '' . 
  had she not said anything thesituation may have been less critical . 
  if i recall well the thessaloniki airport was rather profitable . 
  other were n't like the railways , absolutely , and on the other hand others were . 
  and in the end when all the assets of greece are sold off cheap , everything will be rose and dandy , while those assets will be making profits for the owner ... 
  and the alternative is to reduce greece to an absolutely impotent member , whose ressources and infrastructure is sold ofr to the eu and is left with nothing to start anew . 
  sounds better ... 
  another plane *, 
  have n't yet been called since i 'm studying but the father of a friend saw a frigate off evia in the 90 's . 
  it may not be true , so take that with a grain of salt , but if it is then the frigate was 200 km in greek waters , which is crazy deep . 
  bah , happens all the time . 
  2 years ago you 'd be able to shoot the f-16s with a stone as they passed above limnos . 
  the previous years were the same , albeit less low . 
  and i 'm not sure if the stone part is an exageration . 
  in 2006 or 2007 greek jets fired warning shots , tracers , above a tourist resort on the same island . 
  and that is just in the summer , only in august . 
  edit : removed pleonasm and typo second edit : i would n't mind turkish jets flying over greece if it was for training , or even if they just wanted to , as long as they asked permission . 
  i really ca n't find any other way to answer to you than by spewing insults , so let 's keep it civil , all-right ? 
  of course , and my home in thessaloniki is sultan gollum 's summer residence . 
  two years ago they flown over limnos . 
  not contested . 
  it 's a rhetorical tool i believe , dehumanise your oposition and you 'll gain influence . 
  the left and more right use it interchangably all the time . 
  which greece actually agrees to ... you 're barking at the wrong tree, 
  ah , i see but i do n't think they did n't do a honest effort , since they did end up rounding them up , and to my knowledge igoumenitsa is now relatively calm . 
  however pr is a big problem nowdays , and it is felt throughout the eu and the us . 
  i agree it is silly . 
  i think you misunderstood , i meant that the situation in greece , in igoumenitsa , is like in calais , nothing to do with sending back the people of calais to i.goumenitsa . 
  or maybe i did n't get you . 
  in igoumenitsa the situation is similar with calais , however the authorities are even less able to do anything because they ca n't deport them anywhere and they have been accused of human right abuses when they tried rounding them up . 
  greece has been dealing with migrants for a decade or more without any kind of help , i think that 's the worst of all , especially when people like you give them all the blame . 
  it 's probably among the most common throughout the world , along with the jaw harp . 
  that 's even the word used in the kalevala , if i recall well , no ? 
  pfft , they may as well not stop in europe at all ... 
  i think this is a lot of exageration . 
  that does seem to rign a bell indeed . 
  i agree but then the danger is present all over the country , no ? 
  still , 200km is a massive area , i really ca n't see other than an exageration . 
  20 are ok , perhaps 50 too but 200 is the half the distance from paris to germany in a straight parallel, 
  my apologies then . 
  though as much afterwardd , but were n't they obliged to go as slow as possible ? 
  have n't seen it in a while so i do n't recall well . 
  so like in every instance of history . 
  one murder or one instance is indeed already too much but if it 's not systematic or the order of the higher ups then i think that 's where we cab draw a line . 
  the peshmerga seem to be doing all-right , all things considered . 
  i 'd bet massoud had had such issues , but in the end he was n't an extremist, 
  if they go slower they make more time to reach destination , therefore they make more money , so i guess that 's . 
  this is n't in the interest of the bosses . 
  200km radius from calais ? 
  i 'm rather bad in geography but that would include lille and perhaps even amiens and rouen . 
  does that mean these places are to be left without supplies ? 
  20km sounds more like it . 
  almost all post titles seems misleading nowdays . 
  so almost every expeditionary force in the history of our world has been isis ? 
  both have the ability , but not the will to do so . 
  it would be unconstructive , say destructive and pointless . 
  well that just adds up to the `` complications '' .
