  ai n't no other constantinople or istanbul in the world that claims to be the real deal . 
  byzantium also refers , historically and if remember well , to a small colony/ex-colony that was close by to current constantinople . 
  eis tin polin would imply , as said by a history professor , that the turks are in the city , which is not quite what the greeks would like to call their jewel . 
  constantinople was usually also called by its inhabitants as the city or the polis and is still referred as such even today . 
  there 's a movie concerning the city which is called `` politiki kouzina '' , or cuisine from the city . 
  interesting read , thanks !, 
  interesting . 
  do you know if this is also valid in other countries , or is just an observed phenomenon ? 
   delayed by around 2 quartals ... more or less 6 months then ? 
  at which time does either start ? 
  i have one of the biggest cathedrals of the world at less than 200 meters from me , yet the bell rarely rings at 7 , usually past that . 
  turns out it was n't a gypsy who stole my bike , it was him all along !, 
  we usually write it as `` onze septembre '' , or just use 9/11 , i just like using 11/9 for the hell of it . 
  he did 11/9 !, 
  well , how convenient !, 
  well that 'd be a short lead , what with him being dead and all . 
  that 's what i am saying . 
  at least from the bataclan attack some were here in an irregular way , and the others were french or belgian , from immigrant parents or grandparents . 
  whatever , send me a postcard from over your high horse . 
  as far as i remember , none was a legal immigrant . 
  they were either sons or grandsons of immigrants or came with the mass migration waves . 
  indeed , but it may reduce te odds.i do n't remember in which case , recently-ish , a parent of a terrorist was saying that he was a good person , even though she 'd known that he had some radical beliefs , like killing gays and establishing the sharia . 
   you ca n't genetically test muslims and know whether their children or grandchildren will go on to become mass murderers . 
  not that kind of tests , of course , i meant tests to subject immigration applicants , see what their morals are , their beliefs , mental health and so on . 
  the us had some sort of a test on ellis island , back in time . 
  sure , call me me an illiterate boor , a peasant , why do n't you , it will surely convey your point flawlessly ... 
  what i mean is that the issue there is not beign an immigrant , as you said , chinese and indians , vietnamese do n't do the same . 
  thus it 's a combination of their faith and their poor mental health . 
  can it be something else ? 
   how about we start by not letting any more muslims into the country and proceed from there ? 
  how about making the test more thorough ? 
  because doing what you suggest will land us some nice embargoes like good ol' south africa . 
  only that the catalyst for that was their poor mental health . 
  besides , converts also did similar things to `` native '' believers , does that mean we have to ban islam all together ? 
  it 's very simple , it 's not an argument , either for or against immigration . 
  the problem is not immigrants themselves , at least in this case , but either the muslim faith , the extremes , or mental health . 
  converts were also in the past members of such rings . 
  thus an indian who 's never lived in india but lived for all his life in the uk is not a briton because he is hindu or muslim , socialises with indians and interacts little with other people , right ? 
  ah , always confuse those two ... 
  uncontrolled migration , i agree , but why legal one ? 
  if the requirements put in place are valid and good enough ( if not they must be updated ) why should legal immigration be stopped ? 
  how many of the past terrorist attacks perpetrators were immigrants who came legally in the country ? 
  i do n't see how it is a problem , as it may signify differences in culture or beliefs . 
  or not , people are different . 
  what makes a person a britton ? 
  i agree with your point , the management of the services is rather bad . 
   in regards to the bataclan attack . 
  i do n't know the specifics , but there might be reasons for that , reasons we may not know . 
  for example , they may have expected another attack of a different type , which would need the attention of those units . 
   not many . 
  but the more you take in , the bigger the chance . 
  moroccans and tunisians are n't dying in their home countries , so i ca n't see why you have to keep taking them in . 
  because they ask to migrate . 
  some do n't , of course , but many migrate legally , going through the channels , just like a dane might migrate to the usa . 
   you know what i mean , so please stop wasting my time . 
  if you did n't want to waste time you would n't comment on this site . 
  i also do n't know what you talk about , france did import in a way many people of north africa in the 50 's and 60 's to work in construction . 
  today there 's the mass migration we all have heard about and then there 's the small number of yearly migration to france . 
  have any of those migrants , legal ones , been part of a terrorist attack or ring ? 
   you only think that because you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you know what so called anti-radicalisation plans have resulted in other places in the world ? 
  that the muslim populations feel their religion is under attack , resulting in the exact opposite thing than what was intented . 
  as far as i know there have been mixed results . 
  when imams who preached the `` approved faith '' ( for lack of better word ) there did n't seem to be an increase in radicalisation in prisons . 
  when there are n't and the prison is overcrowded , it 's the wild west . 
   i 'm not even sure what you mean by that sentence . 
  i meant to say that if you do n't have an imam in a prison , sworn or not , you wo n't really have any islamic radicalisation . 
  that is , if the conditions in said penitentiary are good/adequate and not bad as in many french prisons . 
   not sure . 
  you have 11 million of them . 
  i do n't think there is much to be done . 
  11 million immigrants/immigrant decent or muslims ? 
  so far the only problem has come from the muslim population , converts added , and not from other immigrants . 
  therefore that 1 million would drop to easily half and then you have to remove those who are religious . 
   i know what denmark must do . 
  first things first , denmark is going to get out of the european human rights convention . 
  but not try to fix it . 
  nobody ever tries to fix things ( that goes for france too ) , just leave and do n't look back . 
  truly the best way ... 
  stop what ? 
   oh i do n't know , maybe tougher requirements ? 
  how about cracking down on economic immigrants who just walked on over ? 
  that 's different from what i had gathered , perhaps mistakingly , perhaps not . 
  he talks about mass migration and while i agree that it must not happen , this is not a product of mass migration since it predates it . 
  we ca n't know for sure yet , but this man was either a second generation immigrant or a person who 's been in the country for long , with minor offenses . 
  many people have minor offenses so i do n't see how , with the current data ( which will change ) , can one make the system better . 
  if we speak in general terms , about the migration requirements and regulations , i do n't know anything about them so maybe you are right in that respect , they may need strengthening . 
   well australia has muslims but aside from one event a few years ago where a preacher held up a cafe , we have had nothing even close to what france has been seeing every few months . 
  how many muslims ? 
  of what decent ? 
  how high is your unemployment ? 
  there are so many parameters . 
  the philippines , if i remember well , is in majority a muslim country , yet there have been few terrorist attacks . 
  it 's a question of culture , the muslims there are not as radical . 
  they may be even of a different `` sect '' than the sunni , which may view jihad and the `` infidels '' differently , more openly . 
   we have a very strict immigration system that is focused around letting people in who have applicable skills or money to invest into the economy . 
  that 's very good , though i 'm sure less easy to apply in the case of france , which is not an island . 
  additionaly , to the contrary of australia , france has and had colonies . 
  a portion of those muslims comes from said colonies . 
  if i recall well , there are 2-3 million algerians in france , most are probably muslim .
