  well if there are pictures of alcohol on the table where rouhani is sitting it could have repercussions for him , making his position even slightly less powerful , which is not something anybody would benefit from in europe . 
  if it was to ban wine from every table in france then i 'd the first to tell them to go kindly fuck themselves , but this is not such a case . 
  in any case , seems they settled for a simple chat so maybe no harm done . 
  well , then i 'll have to disagree with hollande . 
  especially since ( supposedly ) hollande does n't drink alcoholic drinks . 
  also , got a link to what the president said ? 
  i do n't like gremlins thank you very much :p, 
  had never heard of that . 
  just an fyi , it 's `` even worse '' . 
  i do n't think worser exist , but what you wrote would work for others , like '' even greater , smaller and so on . 
  don ' t want to appear arrogant or insult you by the way . 
  what do you mean with your last phrase ? 
  also , you say let them have their land , but the turkish government so far has n't managed to reach an agreement of that type . 
  i am partly a jew and i never , ever heard anything agaonst me or jew that was n't a joke . 
  frankly , i 've been more hurt by comments on me being greek than ma jew , so i find this whole `` france is not safe for jews '' to be on th extreme side . 
  no better option ? 
  is n't hollande for example not a better option in terms of the treatment of jews ? 
  i have n't heard him say anything against you , rather the opposite . 
  i read that the survival elements were heavily watered down , is it true ? 
  well there 's an opinion that turkey is more or less in kurdistan as an occupying force , preventing kurds from reaching their goals , so many see these attacks as liberation attempts . 
  no less terrorism of course , but it 's not black and white . 
  not sure that is sarkozy though . 
  i really do wonder if jupp\u00e9 would be a good president , as a person he strikes me as honourable and decent , working for the interest of his country but will he be so when in power ? 
  they do n't surrender their culture you git , it ' a diplomatic meeting and thus everything must be in the context of diplomacy . 
  but has it gone for the worse ? 
  rouhani has renewed the dialog , ahmadinejad was a fanatic . 
  what does it matter if he is a cleric or a shepherd if he does the right thing for everybody ? 
  if he is more moderate how does . 
  it make him bad ? 
  unless if he has quirks , discriminating towards some groups , but in the end it 's better to be shitty with half the people than with all of them , do n't you think ? 
  from anecdotal evidence i 's doubt about ireland , a friend of my parents almost went to suicide because of how badly treated she was treated and considered by people , at times harassed for no reason . 
  she lived in a village though so that may change things . 
  well there was another commonly accepted truth , every politician is a liar and a thief ... 
  and yet they resonate with a lot of people too . 
  `` greeks love their populism '' i do n't agree with that , most of the people i know are n't fond of it and have voted for populists in the past because they did n't see any other option . 
  that 's how i voted in 2011 or 2012 . 
  if he turns out to be as you say , then goody . 
  what 's your take on potami by the way ? 
  it 's all nice and i mostly agree with him , but how much of what he says is true ? 
  how much of it is `` publicity '' to gain support and just do the same as tsipras and co when or if he takes office ? 
  british shows , not french ( which do n't like often ) : downton abbey , set in 1912 to 1924 following the family life of a lord . 
  the actors are very good imo . 
  misfits : superhero series about some young `` adults '' getting super powers , very fun and not too focused on the powers part and more around the life of the people in question . 
  i expected a shitty series and ended up watching the whole series twice in 2 months . 
  for french stuff i know less , but i love kaamelott , comedy/satyre , sketches that are 5-10 mins long set in the arthurian legend where everybody is stupid or a gumpy . 
  king arthur is the leader of the worse bunch of twits . 
  it kind of reminds the monty python at times too , bein so absurd . 
  do you write political speeches ? 
  because this sure feels like a recited one . 
  thanks for the ping , but as zetzet said , it is a theory , perhaps too extreme to be relevant to us . 
  i think it 'd be better to elaborate on your point , explain , instead of playing the personal attack card . 
  i do n't disagree with you , nor do i agree btw . 
  supposedly that is a misconception , that it originated from france but was popular in belgium . 
  ah , all-right then . 
  oh , i thought that had been done already , since it did go in drydock some time ago . 
  perhaps only a simple revision , or refueling of the reactor . 
  i see . 
  the cdg on drydock ? 
  again ? 
  was n't it in there a couple of years ago ? 
  why though ? 
  if money was taken from your country in the past , should n't it be returned ? 
  perhaps taking money for simplybeing under the soviet leadership is too much , but the soviets did `` steal '' natural ressources . 
  a couple of friends are swiss and they often say that 5-10 minute delays are rather frequently happening . 
  no idea about japan though . 
  because the market was built around the soviet state , regulating everything . 
  too high from my experience . 
  in my class there would be two out of the ten . 
  i ca n't understand why they put in these things lithuania , estonia and other countries of the samz region and not greece , which is larger and in a different location . 
  it would 've been more representative if the data was present imo . 
  oh , greec , italy and spain never had that much ? 
  is that right ? 
  ten years ago greece had in the one million , one in eleven , and turkey with it 's sixty or seventy millions bulk with two three millions ... 
  well that does sound like a threat , does n't it ? 
  do n't see why when eu border countriez said similar things they get scolded and this is now acceptable . 
  in my opinion she should n't had been charged in the first place , but now that she was , to remove the charges seem weak and only enforces her opinion . 
  3,2 eu at lunch in the university restaurant . 
  the problem with romas is that they may tend to be apatride , so they wo n't ever belong anywherr or integrate . that of course is a generalisation , many are n't like that but it is the case of a big chunk of them . 
  it 's said that the greek government was told to lay low on the migrant problem , so i do n't see how the leftist government is at fault there, 
  doubt people would react at white head and i think the change from the original name to be silly politically correct fluff . 
  well to be absolutely exact it 's t\u00eate de n\u00e8gre , but i do n't think it changes much . 
  no idea !, 
  i was never keen on pastries really , excluding those with berries so i would n't know . 
  i think they call them chocolate heads now or something . 
  it sounds a bit silly though in the end . 
  slightly in context , in france there was a pastry called nigger head , but was thought to be offensive so they changed it . 
  well , still better than before having to enjoy their holidays, 
  not in 2033 !, 
  or was it 2034 ? 
  on the other hand having a government that plays the weak partner in the relationship would n't benefit anybody much imo . 
  i think that 's because the european parliament is seen to have little powers and impact , thus not very relevant , perhaps in the same way the community of nations or what was it called was before the war ^ 2 . 
  well , ceausescu did so too , and so did hoxha and yanukovich , it only proves that the permanent is temporary . 
  so they are like the greek communists , they forgot how to say yes and instead use only no . 
  ** escape from new york theme starting **, 
  i was wondering , if one was to say that the number of dead was in fqct lower by l say , two thousand people , and gave the proof ( not yet tested by others tho ) , would he be called a revisionist ? 
  i read your comment wrongly and found out i agree with you . 
  my apologies . 
  maybe . 
  in the context of massacres , like chios , but that 's it . 
  if we start so far back then greece must aek reparations from : venice , france and other crusaders , bulgars and co slavs , mongols , persians/iranians , the various barbarian tribes , germanics and celts , berbers and kabils and tuareg , romans , the people of the sea ( tho that may mean the greeks themselves ) .
