  that much i gathered . 
  it was more of a figure of speech , as you focused on the second part of the initial comment without giving notice to tthe first one , which was more or less on topic . 
  the integral veil and other types are babned from the public areas in france and probably other eu countries . 
  by the way , it seems you are only attacking the `` person '' and not the argument . 
  i 've seen both this behaviour and the opposite , so i 'll keep not agreeing wholly with you . 
  yeah , well considering that which i said it could be legitimate . 
  i 've been on worldnews a bit and as you say there 's a fair amount of shit but there are also sensible comments and articles . 
  it 's all too easy to throw the basket only for some rotten apples . 
  from : http://mobile.francetvinfo.fr/faits-divers/terrorisme/attaques-du-13-novembre-a-paris/enquete-sur-les-attentats-de-paris/attentats-de-paris-controverses-autour-de-la-cooperation-internationale-entre-les-services-de-renseignement_1181387.html stating more or less that they received warnings from turkey and iraq but this type of vague message comes up on a daily basis . 
  additionally , about two-weeks before the brussels attack there were many articles about a dgsi official stating the same thing , though they have vanished and i ca n't find them anymore . 
  as for the improper flagging thing , check the worldnews thread . 
  he did n't give a source either though . 
  part of the issue with turkey is that they send their warnings en masse , with most of them being invalid , bloating the system . 
  additionally , as another redditor said , they sent the warnings using the wrong channels with improper flagging . 
  if true , turkey warned just not using the right channels , making it useless . 
  i ca n't really see what 's the point of this article . 
  good for him for wanting to be near his kid , but how 's that relevant ? 
  digenis akritas ? 
  iphone is haram , it 's budhist heresy !, 
  i have a better proposition , boomtel : the best for all your needs . 
  calls to and from booby traps are free and you get a police detector integrated . 
  so , you want more options with your jihad kit ? 
  let 's see ... well we can give you some nails , upgrade the explosives with some plastic and ... oh how about true code ? 
  oh you do n't want it . 
  then what about the detonator ? 
  we have three kinds , single action , double action and delayed . 
  the double action is pretty economical as in a bit of time it 'd save you enough explosives for a new vest for your kid . 
  another popular upgrade is the virgin upgrade , for a meager 20 martyr points you can get up to 150 virgins !, 
  sounds nice ? 
  great , let me get that for you . 
  oh and add that true code . 
  a german with humour ... what 's next , finns cracking jokes about the weather ? 
  sound argument , however can you even do that ? 
  i did n't read the article but what i suppose the hermitage will try to do is host some exhibits , protect them and restore them , perhaps rebuild some others . 
  that can be done in russia . 
  creating infrastructure can only be done in syria , it needs much more money , a lot of labour , protection , existing infrastructure such as machinery , enginners , technicians and foremen , permits and so on and so forth . 
  that is assuming you do n't have enemies 50km close to you , otherwise the pay will skyrocket , if you find anybody willing . 
  to me it seems like a much simpler course of action with the current situation . 
  i would n't call the pkk a bastion of modernisation mind you , what with using 19th century liberation guerilla tactics and being communists . 
  not that it bothers me that they are communists , it 's just that whenever i read anything relating to their political alignment it 's reminiscent of the south american guerillas . 
  a museum 's purpose is to preserve history , among others . 
  creating infrastructure or giving food away is not it 's purpose nor does it have such authority . 
  i agree on principle , however attacking civilians is the limit . 
  sure , civilian deaths happened everywhere , however they were collateral damage , most of them if not all , while the pkk attacks are not always so . 
  it 's relatively similar to the irish , where you had both loyalist and republicans/sin fein , just like there are both pkk friendly kurds and turkey friendly ones , however as far as i know the civilian casualties were never the target , if we exclude mob violence which does n't discriminate . 
  in my opinion the pkk lost its legitimacy when it started bombing irrelevant targets such as schools . 
  we 're not in the 19th century . 
  conversely for the germans , as the rail widths were different from line to line they had trouble with that at first . 
  religious buildings are the few that survive the centuries usually . 
  the others can be military ones but they can be subject to the destruction of wars , while churches less so . 
  that 's the big deal imo . 
  dick copter !, 
  the tree bulge explanation seems weird , though i 'm no expert . 
  otherwise these could be burls , or as called some times , cancerous growths . 
  it 's essentially cuts , old disease induced wounds or others that have healed . 
  the reaction of the tree can be a bit extreme , creating a lot of matter , perhaps due to the original cause persisting . 
  they are often sought after by woodworkers and artists , depending on the wood , because of their some times unique patterns and also their increased density and hardness . 
  they are often fairly tough on the tools and the drying process more complicated . 
  i had a piece of hornbeam ( about the hardest european wood ) that had a knot on the inside which had evolved a bit into a burl . 
  scooped it out and made a spoon , came out nicely enough , but the initial splitting was a pain . 
  try straight ouzo followed by beer . 
  best dellirium ever , could write a book . 
  well , as the second headline says : `` do n't sneer at those who are more shocked by tragedies in europe than in the rest of the world . 
  we feel closer to those we are culturally connected with . '', 
  so you equate criminals of the banlieus with peacful banlieus citizens , persecuted refugees , simple economic migrants and co ? 
  the thing is that we ca n't not take in at least some of refugees , not because we are the good guys and whatever else some might say but because they need help . 
  this however must not come at the expense of our security and of the screenings . 
  hubris implies arrogance , while what 's been tried in europe was merely out of necessity . 
  the `` thousands '' was the words of a dgse/dgsi official . 
  he also characterized them as very vague and catastropic , which if received every day do n't make them reliable . 
  as for joining isis i can understand numbers such as 10 k or 20k for france , but the rate reported makes you think we 're past those numbers , by multiples . 
  what i 'm implying is that the standards for qualifying a terrorist and imprisoning him may be very different between turkey abd eu countries , leading to reports not receiving the correct attention because another hundred were if tthe same seriousness and yet turned out to be false , overeactions and whatnot . 
  sure , there could be a chance that they turn out to be true , but the sheer number of cases is making it unrealistic . 
  i 'll also rebute that it 's very easy to send a warning for every 10 male people coming from syria . 
  i think most write it as 9/11 or `` 11 septembre '' but the first just sounds stupid . 
  just as ugly huhuhu, 
  anecdotal proof using as an example a second or perhaps even third world country that was run by an almost dictator . 
  legitimate proof would be for example , in my feeble mind , comparing the spending on welfare , it 's percentage of gdp , the loans taken because of it , the `` severity '' of such welfare , inflation caused by it and the social charges . 
  europe is currently undergoing a governmental reduction , with privatisations and lay-offs , so it 's far from unheard of . 
  during the afghan-soviet war a couple of japanese took part of the fighting . 
  there 's a documentary or article about them and afaik they did it for the honor/fighting chance . 
  said men were also close to the yakuza . 
  that is assuming the money in question comes from loans . 
  what about all the social charges and taxes ? 
  if they are not sufficient then it means the system is not optimised enough , but hardly that it 's a bad system . 
  you need more than that to prove this anyway . 
  wel , what with the nordics i guess the number rises , however so do the taxes , therefore the argument that it increases debt must be proven before being presented as evidence . 
  the argument compares the gdp , which every country produces to some extent and then brings welfare spending to the table , while there are countries with barely functional hospitals or pension system while it 's a region twice more populated than the us . 
  i do n't think this argument is valid at all , as it compares disimilar things and slightly cherrypick parts . 
  well technicaly you do , the dgsi is watching about 20k people , you just need to increase manpower and funding but there 's so many people that can do such a work . 
  i think what was implied was that the people turkey `` reported '' were of many types . 
  turkey considers them radicalz bit by eu standards they are not , at least not for terrorism , thus leadding to false positives . 
  the number of europens is huge , and thus french , but not that huge . 
  i ca n't find the original source which was talking about many thousands of reports per month . 
  as for having something , perhps they include those who joined pro-western rebels , journalists or natives who tried to return to safe parts . 
  i 'm not an expert but 11/9 could have been avoided because of all the warnings , however the us gets so many threats , some incredibly ludicrous , or serious which turn out to be false alerts that it becomes near impossible to disociate from the real ones , unless with tangible evidence . 
  he did n't seem to play such a game to me , just wanted to be sure . 
  '' * from : http://mobile.francetvinfo.fr/faits-divers/terrorisme/attaques-du-13-novembre-a-paris/enquete-sur-les-attentats-de-paris/attentats-de-paris-controverses-autour-de-la-cooperation-internationale-entre-les-services-de-renseignement_1181387.html stating more or less that they received warnings from turkey and iraq but this type of vague message comes up on a daily basis . 
  been checking this but i ca n't find anything yet . 
  it was something about the ex dgse boss saying this .
