  whatever works , as long as nobody is hurt and no sensible laws are broken . 
  transit country or not there wered million unregistered permanent/semi-permanent migrants in the country before the crisis . 
  the money to pay for the refugees in greece is quite low , while austria 's state is not dire . 
  as foe your later paragraph , i ca n't agree more . 
   id question your reading comprehension in that case . 
  it 's not necessarily my comprehznsion that 's at fault . 
  the wording itself does not help . 
  besides , he has n't responded to my original comment to disprove what i said , thus what you understood from his post is as much debatable as what i understood . 
   he does n't think that 's a good thing . 
  his use of hyperbole is not very helpful as an an argument then because it shifts the attention from thz actual aegument to the sanders-mao debate . 
  from what i recall w ` he compared the death toll , but right now i ca n't check . 
  you also say hooked , but is there any high profile candidate who 's not hooked a large amount of people ? 
  i thought it to be quite logical , guess not . 
  greek counter argument : '' we deal with this migration problem for the past 15-20 years and our economy 's in the shitter . 
  we also happen to never get any meaningful help except giving away total border sovereignty . 
  oh and frontex does n't work too well . '', 
   i 'm strongly in favour of quotas myself . 
  but in any case , there needs to be a better solution than `` no need for background checks , just let them through . 
  they 'll probably register legally in some other country '' . 
  i agree . 
   that 's a poor reason , simply because that 's a reason to fingerprint everyone - migrant or citizen alike . 
  i was fingerprinted when i got my passport or id , so it 's already the case , no ? 
  besides , migrants often , extremely often change their names to pass as somebody else and avoid capture . 
  if fingerprints were taken systematically then many would 've been in prison today , while some may be housed as assylum applicants/receivers . 
  they do n't track them per se , but if they are screened ( routine checks ) , you know who they . 
  so the point is to relieve countries of a responsibility and dump it on a handful few , that also happen to be in an economic pickle ? 
   i 'm asking what 's the point on austria saving fingerprints in the first place ? 
  if a crime happens , we have a record . 
  if said person aplies for assylum somewhere , we already have his file and can act accordingly , plus it saves time , thus ressources . 
  we also can know where they go when they get screened , instead of being a new persob each time and thus know the numbers more accurately . 
  no , i 'm not speaking about quotas but about austria not registering the refugees / not sharing the data , which is what the border countries were accused of . 
  if you want to talk about something else then it 's your call , just do n't put words in my mouth . 
  my argument is that when the southern states do it it 's made a huge deal but wheb it 's austria or germany not so much . 
  it 's the application of double standards that gets me . 
  as for your second paragraph i do n't quite get it . 
  well the problem is that often the criminals of regimes are protected in order to have some form of reconciliation . 
  i 'm thinking of various war criminals in ww2 , francoist higher ups after his death and in african countries where various forces were left free if the surrendered arms , which may have turned in the continuation of the conflict/problems . 
  indeed , but we have to go beyond this . 
  we * must * . 
  why so ? 
  i think i see what you mean . 
  this `` trend '' you speak of however can be explained , or mostly i guess with the fact those countries fell apart economicaly and ultimately had to open up on `` western '' ideas . 
  in a similar way that with each regime change in chine , since the antiquity , the new regime demonised rhe previous , or put forth or the ills it provoked , removing the positive points . 
  it 's not as extreme but there is a slight reminiscence of that practice . 
  however i do think that the west/capitalists were less thorough / severe than if the communists `` won '' , perhaps because of the general and perhaps superficial freedom . 
  well the red guarillas in west block europe got pretty welle butt fucked , especially in greece and spain . 
  i think his comment shows quite plainly that he was comparing snder to mao , perhaps even equating them . 
  as another person said , his whole comment/argument was a strawman . 
  the extent of the first point is left to be seen . 
  not that i conclude it 's small or insigbifficant , it 's just not known , or not yet disclosed . 
  as for italy not registering people if they want to go to germany , germany itself and others do it . 
  he does n't say anything about two wrongs or whatever . 
  the guy he responds to had a brainfart comparing a moderate-ish politician to stalin while claiming the ills of the world only happened because of the left . 
  the guy you responded to simply gave the names of people who were on the same boat as stalin or mao but on the right side of the political spectrum , rendering the initial argument null , adding some sarcasm to ridicule it . 
  no , i believe that this thread had nothing to do with sander or american politics yet somehow somebody managed to bring up hardline leftist/communists with a huge death toll and equate them with sanders . 
  what next , talk about the klingon language ? 
  damn government , spiking our water with fluorinol !, 
  what did he mean though ? 
  is it an expression ? 
  citation needed . 
  i was present during registration of migrants/refugees and every care was being taken . 
  if they did what austria did that 's another thing which i ca n't know but considering austria let pass 700k people then they may as well have let pass as many as greece has . 
  while condemning greece and co for their nazi ways and whatever the fuck passes as quality political discourse today . 
  bringing up sanders like that and going on about socialism while only mentioning the extreme far left makes me wonder whether or not he 's from the usa . 
  edited a `` the '' to a `` he 's '' . 
  and then everybody points the finger to italy , greece and hungary ... 
  i think there 's a slight difference between sanders and mao/stalin . 
  besides , those examples you gave were all authoritarian states , sanders does n't seem to be so . 
  i see what you mean , perhaps however the big `` modernisation '' you expect is something that came before because the disparoty between the other countries/usa was too big , which may now not be that much the case . 
  old machinery does n't mean obsolete . 
  a manual lathe may be 100 years old and not need changing , ut 's repaired and the tools are renewed . 
  the swedes practice fraud with their housing problems , trying to circumvent the `` queue '' . 
  when the state does n't work , people try to do things their way , no matter the nationality . 
  you slit it 's throat or thrust your dagger to his heart or his head . 
  why slit the throat ? 
  easiest to do and it 's going to be done anyway during the skinning of the animal , while a hole in the sternum or head damages the hide . 
  in any case the two methods that are the most sure that i know of are the head and the heart . 
  quick and painless and the subject makes no sound . 
  a head shot may have a wider margin of error than a heart shot , however striking the heart is more difficult . 
  actually , there are cases of people surviving a partially cut throat , and there are many cases of complete slit artery etcthat continued to squirm and thrash for a while , more than a minute . 
  as for people being shot in the head , there are cases as you say , which are very specific . 
  a bullet in the middle between the hemispheres has a chance not to kill the person , a shot from the side many less . 
  a shot from the area of the mouth or the chin is absolutely lethal as long as not ligbed up with the hemispheres , and even then if it hit the lower parts the subject is brain dead . 
  by no means is it a crap shoot and in the least of cases , if we discount the very rare surviving situations , a brain dead subject us as good as an anesthetised one , thus you can allow more freedom there . 
  there is a lot of evidence disproving otherwise . 
  a bullet is a bit of both worlds , it provokes bleeding and destroys the brain , thus the chances of dying/not being concious are even greater . 
  edit : or a bolt , though it does n't expand as a hollow point round . 
  why , because we like eating meat but also want some basic decency , and the animal to suffer as little as possible ? 
  sure , other sections of the meat industry are also deplorable , but that 's not the case everywhere and you regularly have reports and uproar about an incident that may happen . 
  this religious practice is no different than the cases where the bolt broke and left the cattle to suffer because the farmer or company was too stingy . 
  if you want to continue doing halal and kosher , then the butchers must make it so the animal does n't suffer or is put out of its misery fast . 
  slice the throat , shoot the animal right after , or something of the sort . 
  if you believe that then you have not understood anything i wrote, 
  i never said the pkk was much better , however the shit they did is less nonsensical and more targeted than what palestinians do . 
  say , the pkk seems to be targeting the turkish state - usually - , while hamas and fatah and co are touching more civilians in the end . 
  the end is for the occupied parts to be given back , since they are internationally illegal . 
  if magically palestine becomes peaceful in the process , then it 's a lose win win scenario , but at worst it 's a scenario where israel has one less argument flung at it , thus probably less negativity from muslim countries . 
  not much i guess , but it 'd be a start, 
  sensible point , but i still see it as the application of two different standards where there should n't be any difference . 
  goods from crimea are embargoed .
