  thanks for the info . 
  fair point , but there is albania , fyrom , romania , slovakia , the czech republic and so on . 
  also , there is turkey . 
  there are now wars there and the situation is not too bad as it would in jordan . 
  it 's fairly annoying , it does n't even make sense , they say they ukrain and then say germany for example ... 
  sponges in northern greek islands turned brown after chernobyl . 
  some continue having the colour , but it 's not as bad as before . 
  why do people always say * the ukraine * ? 
  it 's not the canada , not the belgium , not the russia . 
  it 's the european union , but that 's different . 
  i see . 
  it was on french news , saying the heartless sailors let them die and yada yada yada . 
  as if i needed more reason not to listen to their crap ... 
  that distance does n't bother them to go to germany , france , the uk or sweden in the first place , while greece and italy are already their salvation . 
  there 's no war there in any case . 
  many years ago , an old guy told me they were hearing explosions every now and then , from the no man 's land where he said there are mines on which immigrants step on . 
  ever heard such a thing happening , or was it just air ? 
  speaking of sinking the boats , i saw a video where one of these dinghies was sunk , supposedly by the coast guard . 
  was it really the coast guard after all , or was it already deflating , with the sailors trying to take them onboard ? 
  a big part might be overstating it , the big expenses came from the arms deals , big infrastructure projects and bad management of the public services . 
  while it is a reason , i do n't think it 's a big one , or perhaps even an important one , considering the rest . 
  perhaps , but that takes into account that you have the manpower to do something with them , screening , tests etc etc. 
  it also takes into account that * every * single immigrant is spotted and processed , which is far from being the case . 
  was not aware of that at all , thanks for bringing it up . 
  wonder how come the irish came in the uk , considering the famine was their doing , if i recall well . 
  or just cromwell 's doing ? 
  when i came back from limnos our ship took on board , in an isolated deck quite a lot of immigrants , perhaps a hundred or two may not be overstating it . 
  i 'd say maybe 20-30 % families , the rest single men , but these are numbers one should take with a scoop of salt , it 's not like i conducted a screening of all of them . 
  that might happen son enough , a month or two ago there was a post about this . 
  does n't matter who wrote it , the content does and if the content was not balanced between both sides then it may as well be written by erdogan himself . 
  guess his delivery of lepen sherry arrived, 
  i think there are , or at least there were , but by now they must be full . 
  this situation is going on for years , more than a decade . 
  three years or so ago i had heard that the amount of irregular immigrants in greece surpassed the three quarters of a million , some sayign it reached the million . 
  allah snackbar , now that is is some inspiration . 
  there were weapons sold from eu countries , notably germany and the uk , but probably also france . 
  it 's the same situation with italy , only that greece has a much , much longer coastline and longer borders to take care of , being so close to turkey . 
  so yeah , ( lower population = lower amount of coast guard ) + tremendous economic problems + much larger ground to cover = many more refugees going in . 
  edti : also , back in july i think it was 50k in a week . 
  i 'm probably just misinformed , but what `` humanitarian traditions '' ? 
  the only time was the handling of the jews and refugees in ww2 , but otherwise ? 
  i can think of a lot more stains , what with the treatment of pows in the 1700s to 1800s , or the prison ships . 
  if i can recall well , on a humanitarian level the crimea war was a disaster because of the lack of medical personnel . 
  this sounds a lot like plain populist talk with no content . 
  all-righty then . 
  i 'm based in a province town , but i should find easily a pmu . 
  might be interested in getting one issue , where would they be selling them ? 
  bar-tabacs ? 
  you are not running a charity , not only can you not help the less evolved countries to start turnibg up profits by having them use their ressources , you now wush to take in 5 million people or even more . 
  but of course , it would be an investment , they money stays in germany ... 
  i suppose the one who 's at a disadvantage and who was not the aggressor ? 
  or even better , take no side , merely go there to prevent/stop the hostilities while finding a solution . 
  which they did after the operation was done , if i recall well . 
  an example would be him saying quite `` dirty '' words , calling the separatists bastards for shooting down flight mh17 , something which is nothing short of populist . 
  well nato did n't quite help cyprus much in 74 ' , so even if it 's a insurance , it 's not foolproof . 
  kudos to those who were at the protests , but on the other hand you ca n't just give the green light to every of their actions , otherwise the situation will degenerate . 
  he does make the mistake to generalise and put all nationalists in the same bag , while he should have said that those who perpetrated the attack would be worst than the separatists . 
  double the increase next year . 
  quadruple the other one . 
  generally yes , but the swiss tend to work too , or the portuguese , although they do n't actually work ( see , genius joek ) . 
  oh well , everybody likes having his little punching ball on which to have fun . 
  did n't the us make these popular ? 
  more like hard menial work with a chance of slavery . 
  oh well , shit happens . 
  i 'd say that we got taught to be able to repeat stuff rather than apply them to problems to find a solution . 
  same thing with me , gymnasium and lyceum were such a waste of time . 
  i do digress , that much is true . 
  if we are to consider ourselves 100 % rightful and just , then , as said before we must start eating dirt that 's been filtered out , without killing any microorganism . 
  hell , our bodies kill thousands of microorganisms for the past millions of years . 
  in my opinion there is no way to be right , completely devoid of death . 
  there is life and there is death , our duty is not to not have an impact on the planet and retire from the life on it , but to preserve what can be preserved and not endanger species . 
  in all , i think that what you seek is not humanly possible , save by our collective death , which is n't very nice sounding . 
  well when googling sentient you come up with a synonym which is feeling and also live . 
  that may just be a technicality anyway . 
  i was n't having the reasoning where having defense mechanisms was equal to being self aware thought i will read the link , when i a better connection . 
  well i gave three `` parameters '' before , morality , health and practicality and you chose to speak only of the morality , thus i assumed you discounted the others . 
  as for morally wrong i do n't know , i 'd say no but i would n't be very keen on eating a bit . 
  on the other hand , being so close to the human one could say that it 's not far from eating a human , so then perhaps yes . 
  i do n't have a clear answer , mostly because i did n't care to establish what 's wrong or not . 
  i 'm not arguing on that , i 'm arguing on the fact that unless we start eating dirt that has been filtered out of anything that we may potentially kill , we can not practically hope to live a life without killing something . 
  thus we have then to start looking at ways to make death as painless as possible . 
  i have no idea . 
  are all animals with a brains self-aware ? 
  reacting to stimuli quite close to `` feeling '' , do n't you think ? 
  plants feel pain , apart from having defense mechanisms to withstand injuries . 
  it is said that certain plants can feel the presence of people , growing at increased rates and being more healthy , with music also affecting them . 
  i do n't know whether or not this is true , or to what degree , but still . 
  if i recall well , chimps are not very good to eat , just like eating a carnivorous animal . 
  might be wrong tho . 
  if so go ahead and eat it i guess , unless if there 's a law protecting them . 
  animals kill one another to feed themselves , morality should apply on how we kill them , whether or not it 's pregnant et al in my opinion . 
  being sentient and having an intellect are two separate things i believe , sentience is the ability to feel things , not necessarily to be intelligent and plants are proven to react to external stimulae . 
  also , certain ( or all ? ), 
  jellyfish do n't have a brain , yet they are animals and do n't belong to the flora . 
  you start angering me . 
  i do n't give a crap about if he is a prime minister or a potato chip , the goal is to have all and any parties that are responsible for this debacle out of options to harm the country , its people and the eu . 
  i am not blaming the greek state or the germans state or any bloody state , i blame x amount of greedy fucks for perpetrating a situation that proved to fuck over both their country , its people and the european project . 
  as for tsohantzopoulos calling the shots , he certainly did on a ministerial level but i doubt he orchestrated the whole situation . 
  even if being important , to my eyes he seems secondary compared to the heads which tend to deal in the billions and not millions as he did . 
  that is of course my opinion , i can be wrong and stand corrected if so ( as if it was n't obvious ... ) .
