  another redditor argued that this method would only fuck over the poor who ca n't afford a replacement . 
  sounds like alegitimate concern . 
  i see . 
  this example here reminds me of other cases where more efficient methods exist to make something but in order to meet western regulations they get banned . 
  for example hexavalent chrome plating which is the most effective form of the process is currently being phased out , however the alternatives are not as good . 
  it is of course the most dangerous form of plating though , with cancer and all that nice stuff , but if itns well managed , why not continue ? 
  what i ca n't understand is always needing to ban things . 
  is n't there a middle ground ? 
  well written article in my opinion . 
  `` no effective registration '' which is wrong . 
  it 's not the most leftist party , you forget the communists and the anarchists . 
  those boats are inflatable , made of plastic . 
  china can produce ten times more that are needed . 
  you ca n't stabilise anything with only air support . 
  now , as a recent report shows , french troops are in libya , fighting against the is and helping the local factions allied to us , or at least fighting the jihadis . 
  if i recall well only thr us , the uk and us have troops there . 
  also , remember mali ? 
  we stabilised it . 
  central africa ? 
  last i heard the conflict is mostly on hold now and for all it 's worth we currently provide air support in syria, 
  france is filled with irregular immigrants , the calais and dunkerque jungle is nothing compared to all those in the streets and near motorways . 
  what 's this holier than thou attitude though ? 
  are we playing the victim game ? 
  sure , france does n't get many immigrants but at the same time we are trying to stabilise many countries where the problem comes from . 
  could we do more ? 
  absolutely , never said otherwise but does the fact that you supposedly take more people in give you the right to demand of others to become hotspots ? 
  the stay classy comment also probably goes to the fact you 've mostly always been opposed to greece in late years , for example with that island buying shitfest . 
  what truth ? 
  everybody know of that , it 's just irrelevant when the eu does not support a member state in the guarding of eu borders and along with that asking for said country to make sacrifices . 
  delayed eu funds that are insufficient and unlocked through many years while the refugees are primarily germany 's and co problem . 
  the police and military offers were for letting go of state border , not to help guard them , which is what frontex is meant to do . 
  either use the mechanism in place or do n't but do n't try to get something you 'd never even ask from another country . 
  what about the report stating greece is in violation with fingerprinting regulations in november when the greek state asked for material that would helo in that process back in summer ? 
  this is nonsense . 
  not good enough , just like yo mama . 
  considering plain hydrogen can cut steel ( given the time ) , then yeah . 
  just not applied with a plane but with a torch or some kind and many hours . 
  thermite is usually used to weld metal , such as rails , but considering the heat it can cut as well , however it 's rather wasteful . 
  a plasma torch or a laser does the job more safely . 
  pfff , such waste . 
  if you want to kill them at least do it economicaly , using old ammo that ca n't be sold easily . 
  ever heard of machining metal with water ? 
  might not be a good idea to use that on people . 
  and if money grew on trees greece would be rich . 
  what 's the point of always talking about returning the boats back since it 's something greece/eu ca n't do ? 
  do n't forget to eat the banana for good measure . 
  the guy to whom i responded was complaining about the author of the linked paper complaining about british food while implying german cuisine is not much better . 
  tbh germany has some nice dishes , dried meat , saussages , some cheese , roasts with vegetables etc. 
  also , lidl has nice fruits , ca n't complain there . 
  you already complain with the rest anyway :p, 
  he starts well enough , but then ... 
  i see . 
  hooray !, 
  i 'm free to lead my new pirate life !, 
  what will be the repercussions for walesa ? 
  i read from another redditor that he was genuine at first and then was policied or more or less held by the hand by the regime in order to make the transition somewhat smooth . 
  i see . 
  how about the communists that served after the war , what happened to those after the fall of the ussr ? 
  i had in mind the ss that participated in the oradour-sur-glane massacre , the leading officer was killed or executed but everybody else was pardoned , amongst those , afaik , alsatian ss that 30-40 years later still said they were loyal to the nazi ideals and that the massacre was justified . 
  how did poland deal with those high up people , the military , judges and co ? 
   source nothing under the hand , it was a series of articles pre-2008 , perhaps during 2008 . 
  an article from 2014 claims this [ in the last two decades , over 1 million migrants have entered greece ] ( http://www.bridgingeurope.net/uploads/8/1/7/1/8171506/wp15_eu_migration_greekcase_katsiaficas_december.pdf ) also , this article claims 1-1 .3 mhttp : / / www.migrationpolicy.org/article/greece-illegal-immigration-midst-crisis . 
  i do n't really have the interest to search more in depth for those articles ( if they are online ) about the non registered/irregular migrants . 
   this sector is your very own doing and after italy and spain implemented tough regulations for the african migrants ( including agreements to deport them ) , they diverted to greece , as you did nothing comparable . 
  bullcrap , since 2011 or 12 the difference is massive and there were reforms implemented . 
  whether or not they can be enforced in the athens ghettos is another thing but considering the amount of people there it 's no wonder the police does n't want to go there in limited numbers and larger assaults are probably not the priority . 
  you also say that they were diverted to greece because no action was taken and that is a big load of horse shite because those people were in greece for a very long time , before any reform from the italians . 
  they were there at the same time as the ones in italy . 
  what about the agreements for deportations ? 
  they do n't get them back !, 
  germany ca n't get afghanistan or pakistan to take back its citizens , you think greece can convince them ? 
  you take the results of a problem and make them the causes , completely putting twisting the time frame . 
   at a time when the influx of migrants was literally non-existant compared to today a million permanent and semi permanent residents for the past 10-15 years is nothing ? 
  besides , you compare greece , 11 million people , with spain and italy , 50 and 60 or so millions . 
  we also have dozens of islands where migrants can get from , plus a land border which italy and spain do not have . 
  add to that the fact that greece has been repeatedly bared from deporting certain immigrants while their processing was done and they were judged as unfit for asylum . 
  add to that the fact that most refugees keeps coming back to greece whenever they were caught in other countries ( if they transited from greece ) . 
  then when the people processing the refugees ask for necessary material for their job the eu comes back to them four months late . 
  sure , greece is in a deficit of everything , not only banknotes , but demonizing the country and the people at the slightest of the chances is insulting . 
  where was the eu when greece and italy where banging the bell of danger ? 
  where 's the help needed to protect the eu borders ? 
  volunteers from eu countries and elsewhere have done a lot of work , before even the big heads noticed anything , but we do n't talk about those either . 
   by 2011 , many immigrants had already abandoned the country due to the financial crisis . 
  right before that time period many had also come in the first place . 
  without data we ca n't know really , just make assumptions . 
   if the eu decides to fuck greece and abandon these people there , things are going to turn extremely difficult . 
  how are these 800k people going to be integrated into a society with 25 % jobless rate ? 
  only a handful were even before the crisis , some becoming volunteers themselves to make the situation better for all . 
  there 's a lot of claiming in that . 
  do you think they 'd be happy if they were promissed a job etc etc and landed in greece where there 's none ? 
  also , why do you say they do n't deal with it ? 
  the article/report clearly mentions the ** overloading ** of the system . 
  the citation is from 2011 from what i see , so it may have changed . 
  add up to that 8 % of the 800k migrants that arrived in greece since the summer and it that number may rise ( or not , i have no knowledge of new data ) . 
  never said it was . 
  well france hosts many irregulars . 
  it 's not just calais . 
  they are all over paris . 
  so you may be taking new case , we already have old cases that ca n't go anywhere else , or almost . 
  anyway , check my flair to see my standing .
