  only heard it in thessaloniki . 
  additionaly i used to hears some metal here and there on 89,0 ,89,7 and 1404,5 . 
  well i guess that 's your opinion and mine does n't concord with it . 
  well , if you remove the part about tribalism , it 's about one group wanting to annihilate another group because of race/creed/ethnicity . 
  does n't change much from the nazis or any other ethnic cleansing . 
  i drove through bulgaria to go to romania , maybe in 2007 , and at some point towards the middle of the country the road stopped , no tarmak at all for about 100 meters then it reappeared . 
  when entering romania the roads were smoother , though maybe less wide . 
  is it not ? 
  tribal wars in afghanistan have almost been for dominance over the other tribes , often by massacre . 
  there are a few that straid from this destructive path but ultimately failed , only perhaps making their province safe . 
  dayum , i did n't expect that much of a difference , though i 'm surprised that there are no northern european or northern african countries in there . 
  that 's it though , it 's quite genius as a plan : we do n't give them money . 
  or very little , in the form of taxes because the companies are not local . 
  saudi arabia was n't exactly peaceful , what with all the tribal conflicts . 
  most of the uranium of the west comes from australia and the rest from african countries . 
  better than coming from saudi arabia i think . 
  about a years an a half or two ago whenever anybody was remotely critical of the mass migration in europe he was usually called out and treated as a racist . 
  now the sub is hardline right wing ? 
  people love the extremes it seemz . 
  yes they both have canned snails , which are the ones i tasted and the one pizza places put on their product . 
  they also have some in a tin foil , with garlic sauce , which i forgot about . 
  those might be good . 
  are you kidding ? 
  whenever tommies or yankies want to shit on our food they go on rants about frogs and snails . 
  all-right , thanks . 
  well , are n't you like cousins/brothers with the mongols ? 
  do n't eat the lidl or aldi ones though , they will almost make you hate them . 
  and as i replied , because in the end nobody wins anything , except in rare cases . 
  why escalate a peaceful protest into a full blown riot that may kill both belligerents and passers by ? 
  do they get bonus pay for violent riots ? 
  because it does n't help anyone . 
  more police brutality claims , more problems , the march is not stopped , proprety is destroyed . 
  that 's like protecting a village from fire by burnibg every tree in a 50km radius . 
  it 's not efficient as you say , it 's the complete opposite . 
  i said before , what you say probably happened before , but is it even possible that it happens * every time * for the past * years * that there are protests , * all over france * ? 
  no , but would they be able to get past the police ? 
  i think saying it 's undercover officers provocking this violence is disingenius . 
  sure , they might have done it before , but not always . 
  it 'd be too easy , it 's always the fault of the others , the fascist cops . 
  in this case they prevent the spread elsewhere . 
  i was , because steel usually ca n't corrode stuff , it 's not an acid or mercury . 
  dang , good luck/recovery then !, 
  my belly does n't :(, 
  `` non-corrosive steel '' never though steel could corrode stuff ... 
  well , tres . 
  beetroot salad is great . 
  look what you did , now i 'm hungry !, 
  ah ok , did n't notice, 
  and here you can see ladies and gentlemen , the wild swede meeting a fellow swede . 
  notice the use of weird sounds , that is the swedish language . 
  do n't get too close though , their bite is very nasty and depending on severity you may become either gay or a viking . 
  finns say swedes are tasty by the way , so get ready for supper !, 
  so i say too , unhindered by the mere fact the only thing i 've drunk for a while is water from a plastic bottle . 
  back in my days it was freddo in a fancy glass made of glass !, 
  fourth cafe crucade go , deus toreificus vult !, 
  you capitalised the cafe because in today 's greece it is like the past 's forum or dimos , a sacred place !, 
  for me it 's in the speech . 
  i can forget the simplest word in french and remember it in greek or english . 
  what happened once was that i described the sky as that big blue thing over our head because i could n't remember the word ciel . 
  all-righty . 
  greece will win eurovision 2017 , woooo !, 
  so it would become something like bjeriu ( o ) ? 
  how would you read both the \u00f6 and \u00fc ? 
   little sun was sunny enough in the mountains . 
   no sea i can live with lakes . 
  i can also find table or road salt :p  no big cities were n't you listing disadvantages ? 
   no frappe culture awww yisssss !, 
  it 's probably a mongol name , or from the general region since both the turkic peoples came from there and many invaders of the russian stepes . 
  i 'm between ireland and switzerland . 
  i have great memories from both , though the swiss mountains may have to take the place as the best place on earth . 
  would be so great to have new stuff from him , even in movies . 
  the fact that those countries were at war in the 40 's and some were subject to the ussr occupation which killed many people may be a factor , do n't you think ? 
  i think his critique was more towards the work culture of the us . 
  it would be more interesting to see what kind of life that ny woman used to lead . 
  what ? 
  extraction of copper and tin from said rocks may have been difficukt or impossible , only leaving metalic ore to be used . 
  bauxite has was abundant yet nobody knew how to extract either the iron or the aluminium . 
  yeah , probably as the bad guys , in the sense of `` oh , look , the french brass is sendibg us to the meat grinder , let us make a statement about the french suck and we the americans , the liberators are the best '' . 
  it 's always the same . 
  it depends on the case , but again , the rules are very specific and defined , the exceptions are generaly quite rare . 
  i had googled that once , something like - ise vs - ize and one of the results claimed that rule i mentioned , might 've been bogus though , knowing the interwebs . 
  the language as a whole is not intuitive in the first place so i 'm not bothered by it . 
  i meant words such as `` conceptualise '' , '' regularise '' , `` legalise '' and so on . 
  supposedly there 's a rule in either uk or us english which gives you when to use s or z , however i did n't make an effort to remember it . 
  something about words of either latin or greek origin if i remember well . 
  i just put an s everywhere because with a z it looks weird , as if a child wrote the word . 
  because the english pronunciation rules do n't make sense . 
  the french pronunciation is not vague , there are rules , why do you say it 's vague ? 
  there is only one way to say `` fianc\u00e9 '' or caf\u00e9 or whatever , nithing is arbitrary . 
  indeee , though i prefer real english :p, 
  there 's also a thing about words with - ise endings . 
  in the us they all change to - ize while in the uk only some do . 
  i meant in terms of writing . 
  pronunciation is at times arbitrary , in any form of english . 
  uk english is easier for the french and other romance language speakers because many words conserve the same spelling . 
  in uk english you say the `` city centre '' and not `` center '' for example and i think the meter is spelled metre too . 
  reminds me of wolfenstein : the new order , in which you can find the diaries of the sister of the main character 's girlfriend , describing the ways she killed the germans . 
  quite gritty . 
  the previous government had concentration camps , which were a better solution than what 's going on today , however border controls are still done . 
  additionnally the number of people is higher .
