  something that nobody has done since , seeing the state of the afghani provinces . 
  the pashtun are still considering themselves as victims of the establishment and tgmhe establishment tries to counteract this , failing , making the situation worse , and it goes on . 
  had massoud lived and gathered more power afghanistan may have been on the road to modernisation today , instead of being the hellhole it is . 
  massoud was a taliban when the soviets invaeded/put in place a puppet government . 
  he was n't the extremist warlord , as a matter of fact , he was a person sharing our values , respectfull of others , whether or not foes or enemy . 
  it 's just that the taliban became what they became , however they were much more moderate before , as they were an `` agglomeration '' of people that wanted freedom for afghanistan , may they be trigger happy pyrotechnicians or sensible people , such as massoud . . 
  sadly , the islamist ones prevailed . 
  i only have respect for him , as he embodied the progress that could have characterised a country that was on track to be the most stable of the region , with its own brand of freedom , influenced by blthe american establishment , but with also french/european ideals while keeping true to the local principkes , trying to unite the tribes . 
  i 'm not trying to denigrate him by calling him a talibab , which you probably though i was doing . 
  massoud was also a taliban , yet not a radical islamist . 
  had he not diesmd , afghanistan * might * have not been such a fucked up place . 
  edit : was conflatibg two thibngs + was/am hangover, 
   i do n't see why this makes a difference . 
  it 's just a saber . 
  sabers have one edge , so naturally their back is smaller , but they 're also not as tapered . 
  in terms of actual weight , i think the katana is heavier than a lot of comparable european swords . 
  it 's a saber at a time where sabers did not exist , or were not plentiful in europe . 
   falchions were carried by longbowmen in henry v 's army if i remember right , they 're definitely medieval . 
  again , as for cutting , the katana 's fat blade makes it tougher to get through armour . 
  it also has a bit more mass , so if you 're riding on horseback then chopping through someone with relatively light armour can be quite devastating . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnwrvzteeb8&amp;list=plbp7ebidrbagjjwqqm_rt0nbrqgpgifc7&amp;index=20 ( warning volume ) you 're right , they were even used before the medievals all-together , but apparently were phased out and were n't as popular . 
  sounds weird , as it seems like a very effective weapon . 
  the katane may be fatter but it 's also less wide from edge to spine . 
  you may be right but unless we measure the surface of the section of the forward parts and compare them with each other we ca n't determine which is what . 
  you may be right . 
   when i say well made i mean good mail , good plate , even good armour made of more common materials , like leather . 
  a katana is not just going to cut through that and even if it does , damage will be minimal . 
  thrusts historically have been a lot more lethal than cuts as well . 
  single chainmail is very weak , especially at a time when the links were not `` closed '' and the steel used of poor quality and carbon content . 
  leather will also behave very differently with a blade sharpened with a 500 grit stone and a 20k grit stone . 
  i know that from personal experience and i can not be convinced otherwise . 
  whether or not a weapon will be effective will again be impacted by the thickness as a , say 5mm leather layer is going to offer less protection than 2cm . 
  it also depends on how many layers there are , is it x thickness of cow leather or of i.e. 
  boar leather , which will be sturdier ? 
  i 'm fairly sure there are differences even on where the leather is taken from the animal itself . 
  thrusts are also very much possible with a katana . 
   the katana was not some kind of hugely useful weapon that the japanese obsessed with in actual war . 
  i never said otherwise mate , i agree with you saying that it was only used by the elite , perhaps in only certain cases , but the argument boils down to whether or not the european swords ( which ones is to be seen ) are better than katanas ( or generally japanese swords ) . 
  my argument is that the question itself is not correct because it would be comparign two weapons with very different purposes , uses and number of users . 
  a comparison that would be useful would be whether or not european forces are better than japanese forces when they use one specific weapon . 
  what are the conditions that affect each the combat , armor , terrain etc and that is assuming the skill level of each person is the same and that the conditions prior to the battle are the same , which in whole is very much impossible to create , especially considering europeans never made battle against the japanese in a medieval or even rennaissance setting . 
  continuing on to your points :  a european longsword can be half-sworded quite easily , giving a very precise short spear to use in close quarters . 
  a katana can do something similar but the point is not very flexible or very long and the blade is fairly small ( one handed sword with two handed grip ) , so actually getting it into the gaps is trickier . 
  getting out a knife in wrestling range would probably be easier . 
  i do n't know about the flexibility of the blade , it 's laminated with one part being hard and one being soft , therefore there is still some degree of flexibility . 
  tests must be conducted to determine that , even simple ones , which i ca n't / do n't know how to do . 
  as for getting a knife out when in wrestling range , well , that 's the sensible thing to do . 
  you do n't take an anti tank rifle for combat in a trench , you take a knife , a shovel or a pistol/machine pistol . 
   as for lamellar armour , it does n't literally mean there are gaps in the armour , the metal plates are over each other , you ca n't just slide through a gap , especially with a sword that ca n't really flex . 
  depends again on which armour , roman ones could flex , therefore your blade wo n't need to as much . 
  not flexing also does not mean that it will break , a low carbon steel will break with a pressure of , say , 1500 mpa while a tool steel will break at 2000 . 
   it 's not just about damascus steel , but improved smithing in general , where you could make swords on an industrial scale . 
  churn them out fast and at high quality . 
  never said the opposite but the difference between steel from 1500 and 1900 is incredible , from 1900-2000 perhaps even more . 
  and the thing is that the quality of the top quality japanese swords was of a rather high standard a long time before the indian steel was traded by the norsemen . 
  small parenthesis here , supposedly merovingians managed to create a version of wootz steel before having access to it from the indians , but that the secret got lost . 
  do n't know more about that tho . 
   they did n't need a possible masterpiece in a year , they needed 15 good swords in a month and i 'd ** wager the quality of katanas was far worse overall than the quality of european swords during the 1500s ** , because time is precious and smiths are not all masters . 
  that 's a pretty big assumption . 
  as you say , hammering the crap out of iron reduces inclusions , but that may be just enough for the blade to be of a high quality . 
  in modern steel we still have inclusions , sulfur and phosphorus and if needed almost no others . 
  in japanese blades they melted away the inclusions without melting the sword itself , and conveniently both the sulphuric and phosphoric inclusions melt at a lower point than steel . 
  inclusions of other metals , such as chrome , titanium , tungsten , vanadium , manganese and molybdenum and many others do not . 
  discounting also the potential traces of other rare occurring metals which can have an impact . 
  inconsistent perhaps , on a national level , but not so much on a specific mine level . 
  also , the improvements in terms of steel can be directly seen in the mere geometry of european sword : at first we had rather short swords that became increasingly long and thin , showing the evolution towards a purer , more elaborated alloy . 
   that 's also probably why katanas were restricted to the upper class . 
  there just was n't enough good material to manufacture swords for all the various armies in japan . 
  by contrast , in europe , almost every medieval infantryman would have a sword by the 1400s , it became standard kit . 
  agreed , but there are also the societal factors . 
  people were banned from having sword in public in france in the 17-18th century if i remember well if they did not belong to the various corps serving the king . 
   european swords and the katana are not ` faster ' or ` slower ' than each other , the speed depended on the strength of the wielder . 
  some europeans swords were far lighter than the katana , some were heavier , and smithing got to a point where even greatswords in europe were manufactured relatively lightweight for their size . 
  i use those terms poorly but the point i was trying to make was that with a katana you can have the speed and the effect you may have with a heavier european sword , albeit limited to non armored targets or to swordsmen with lightning reflexes , able to exploit every little crevice in the foe 's armour . 
  as for throwing a sword , here 's a video , seems pretty good : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtc_1hrgbuo i also like the move where you grab your sword from the cutting edges and use it as a club , with the cross guard trying to crush or pierce the helmet or the enemy , or get through a crack . 
   katanas are actually very fat blades compared to european swords . 
  there 's a misunderstanding on my part here , i mean if you see the `` profile '' of the sword , from edge to spine , it 's less than from edge to edge from a european sword . 
   katanas are not that much better cutters than a lot of comparable european swords . 
  falchions , for instance , are also vicious cutters ... 
  i consider falchions as sabers , that 's why i excluded them from my comparison , but indeed the falchion has a wide cutting edge , probably carries more weight with it too however i do n't think one can compare them since the falchion is not a medieval weapon ( or so i think , apologies if msitaken ) , while the katana is more or less the same since the medievals . 
   you ca n't cut through well made armour with any sword . 
  define well made . 
  padded `` armor '' can be well made , and so can be chainmail but a sword can penetrate both . 
  it depends on which sword , which armor specifically , it 's thickness and probably many more factors . 
  also , do not assume armor was always well made , for example roman armor and swords were in many cases of very poor quality ( not necessarily always ) . 
  also , in an attempt to cut a limb impair an arm or generally wound an enemy one can hit the armour , in which case i think my comparison is pretty valid , with the katana falling short and the european sword surviving longer/with less damage . 
   precision with a katana is not any more significant a factor than any other sword . 
  katanas are only really truly effective against someone who is n't wearing much armour , like your average lower status warrior or rebellious peasant who wo n't pay his taxes . 
  the katana can permit a greater degree of precision however , considering the taper through the length of the blade is more even than , say , a random greatsword . 
  they are as you say more effective against flesh and light armor , which is one of the reasons why the grind is such , it 's made for slashing , thus needing the least resistance , the same way a straight razor will cut a beard with more ease and less resistance than an axe , no matter the degree of honing . 
   ... into the gaps in the armour ... 
  agreed again , however i 'd add that this may be easier with a katana , considering the geometry and the fact some types of samurai armor was lamellar . 
   katanas were crafted in their specific way because they did n't have good materials to work with ( even today japan imports iron from other places ) . 
  european smithing had moved on and the process which forged european swords produced weapons of just as good quality as your average katana far more cheaply and faster . 
  japan still uses it 's local mineral for certain uses , but probably few nowadays . 
  when you say even today . . you must know that also most of the eu imports its iron from other places , namely australia . 
  it is then made into steel in the blast furnaces or used in the making of cast iron . 
  also , supposedly , traditionally made japanese iron brought a finer grain to the steel , however that 's not something i 've found source for , nor have i tested any japanese steel . 
  perhaps additives were the reason for this , coming from the impure nature of the raw material . 
  european processes moved on ona different time however , around the 10th cetury , with the improvement being slow if my memory is correct , while ( from what i heard , might be wrong ) the japanese had very little changes since before that time .
