  if we leave it again it will remain . 
  all problems have their time and their amount of attention needed . 
  this matter does n't require constant attention by the state . 
  it 's not petty when another country contests your sovereignty over a region that belongs to you . 
  it happens very often with companies over trademarks , in a similar way anyway . 
  very constructive comment . 
  or by parties who want to use the un nomenclature . 
  your other points do stand thought . 
  now now , do n't try to discredit some by putting them in the nationalist bag . 
  the name the fyrom wants to adopt is as the wikipedia page s `` promoting the irredentist concept '' that the entirety of macedonia belongs to fyrom , which is not correct . 
  it is also a great geographical inaccuracy that was sparked by tito for propaganda reasons . 
  did it create a fuzz ? 
  there 's a fuzz on this subreddit , in greece there 's probably none . 
  and the fuzz has nothing to do with the fans , or very little , it merely sparked the whole naming issue once more . 
  or simply shrug it off . 
  what matters for you may not be the same as others , therefore in my opinion one should refrain from jumping to such conclusions . 
  i still think it would imply the whole region . 
  it also leaves the door open for contestation in later times . 
  they kicked their asses until one point where guerrilla tactics could n't work anymore . 
  i do n't think an attack from the byzantine army would be countered easily , especially considering they had n't cities . 
  in any case they were assimilated and christianised , whether or not you or i like it . 
  it would indeed be more accurate perhaps , but in historical terms fyrom holds a minor part of macedonia , while greece hold a majority , which would be highlighted in spain owning a very small part of the historical region of portalegre as you call it . 
  and perhaps so also in modern terms : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:macedonia_overview.svg calculations must be doen though , if relevant . 
  probably because these city was founded by athenians , perhaps ? 
  there 's also paris in ... texas ? 
  there 's also albany , there 's alexandria and so on and so forth . 
  these never mattered . 
  perhaps but i do n't see where the problem is , historically you were part of the polish commonwealth ( did i get it right ? ), 
  and now not , end of the line . 
  fyrom has no relation apart from sharing the region of macedonia with greece ( and also bulgaria and albania ) , taking the name macedonia is like appropriating the entirety of the region , which by the way is in its majority ( the historical one ) in greece . 
  we call them the french and belgian ardennes , but not the country belgium ardennes . 
  if they wanted to change , belgian ardennes would be accepted while bare ardennes would n't be . 
  if you did then you 'd have a problem with the un ... mkd/macedonia is not recognised by the un . 
  the us does , but greece does n't and nor do the rest of western europe . 
  besides , you have no right to blank their name , they came before you , that would be actual revisionism . 
  edit : i also am not trying to twist the subject , you gave the example of the state and the country which have no relation , economical , cultural , historical or geographical , which greece and the fyrom do . 
  you know , that 's what the greek government said around the times of the ww2 when tito said his country will be called macedonia . 
  turns out it comes back to bit you in the ass 60-70 years later , therefore it 's now or never . 
  the slavs of the region were assimilated into the byzantine empire , not vice versa . 
  no it does n't make sense because the country is not the region , it is part of the region . 
  northern macedonia is very accurate and does n't bring problems . 
  well prepaying taxes is not a bad concept if it is as you say it is , but from my experience and communication with a lot of people it did not sound as so , rather than a nice name to increase the tax . 
  northern republic of macedonia was also proposed if i recall well . 
  because macedonia is a region that is shared between greece and the fyrom . 
  claiming `` macedonia '' is like claiming the whole region . 
  claiming `` northern macedonia '' does n't , it 's fair . 
  if austria/germany/slovakia got to call itself bohemia how would you react ? 
  imagine spain calling itself kingdom of spain and portugal . 
  that implies that portugal is part of spain . 
  let 's see how you like it . 
  because you are more or less of the same family ( of languages ) . 
  fyrom usurps a name to make it its own in its entirety . 
  greece has accepted northern macedonia if i recall well , but macedonia on its own is simply not right geographically or historically . 
  edit : added `` of languages '' because apparently the previous wording was not well seen . 
   we allow the country georgia to exist you fucking what mate ? 
  you * allow the country to exist * , oh my how benevolent !, 
  now , what you may do has nothing to do with what greece does because you are not greece . 
  you `` were '' for some years and look how it turned out ... georgia as a state is the one that should be made to change , if there is any reason for it , which there may not be since the origins of the names may be different . 
  also there is no relation between either , to the contrary with greece and the fyrom . 
  they are not throwing a tantrum , they silently oppose it , by blanking out the name which by their definition is wrong , and by un standards is also non existent . 
  edit : i will be childish now and mention that in that match , fyrom supporters/fans had flags and panels with writings that were specifically made to provoke the greeks , which was uncalled for . 
  they do have something to d with macedonia , a part of their country is in the north of the region of macedonia , but that does not warrant them getting the name , especially since there are alternatives that are both accurate and not offensive for anybody . 
  greece was never called like that before and former turkish republic of greece can be offensive . 
  fyrom was never called macedonia before except by tito , for propagandistic reasons , and is by default the name used because macedonia simply can not be accepted . 
  northern macedonia or other variants would , because it is an accurate term . 
  this is your opinion , which you are of course entitled to . 
  however the name mkd ( i think that was what they used ) has no validity . 
  it simply does not exist for a country , it 's not recognized by the eu or the un . 
  fyrom on the contrary is recognised . 
  imagine that mexico would call itself california , or canada calling itself washington or utah or anything . 
  if they want a name with macedonia in it , call them northern macedonia , or northern republic of macedonia , or slavo - macedonia , whatever , but macedonia is simply not it . 
  belgium is not called the ardennes and it would never be accepted . 
   yes , but that only matters in the first year . 
  then you pay 50 + 50 . 
  i somehow doubt this , from my dealings with those affected ( free professionals to translate it crudely ) as for fiscal receipts , there are little block notes that make an imprint on a secondary piece of paper , however these are perfectly valid and have almost as much weight as a printed receipt , because they are numbered and go to the `` economist '' of the company/office/business . 
  what happens afterwards has less to do with the fiscality and rather with the people dealing with it . 
  as for the device , seems pretty neat but i 've only seen the traditional `` receipt machines '' , never such one as this . 
  i think that 500 billions in arms deals would tend to be more of a factor . 
  or perhaps the billions of money not paid by big companies circumventing regulations . 
  or maybe the care of the hundred of thousands of immigrants for the past decade . 
  also regular wastes which occur in other countries too , big infrastructure works that were not necessarily needed or costed too much . 
  besides , half of the money owed were caused by the bank bailouts , in all the fault to put on the state or the people decreases quite a bit . 
  there 's also the big state companies that had ludicrous pays for fictive employments but they are mostly gone since 2013 , so it does n't fit if we talk only about current expenditures . 
  the lost vat is of course a factor but compared to the other factors it remains rather shy . 
  every year you pay your taxes , 100 % , but also 50 % of the next year as a prepayment . 
  in total you get to pay 150 % taxes , and as somebody else said in these comments , they are 200 % today . 
   also , i 'm in greece now and i was wondering how can you tell if it 's a fiscal receipt or not ? 
  what do you mean by fiscal receipt ? 
  i don ' tudnerstand your question basicaly . 
  how come zaman runs such an article ? 
  i would n't have expected from them to be pro-greece on something . 
  i would n't say a tourist trap but it does n't have a lot apart from the shops , you cover it in an hour if i recall well . 
   almost all of greek transactions are cash based and that money is n't being taxed . 
  that is a blatant lie . 
  some are not taxed but by no means are they almost all . 
  i do n't see how it is stupid , the name is the recognized by either the un ( or nato ? ), 
  and nor by the greek state , the channel merely protests against that . 
  nothing to do with censorship , everybody know what it is and why . 
  yeah , it 's pretty idiotic and unsustainable . 
  you mean that they raised the initial 150 % to 200 or decrease it to 100 % ?
