  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4a4a54/paris_is_too_dirty_for_the_japanese_tokyo_travel/d0xd7f3 ) what 's your thing with piss bro ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  was on mobile so i could n't open it . 
  where 's that from ? 
  awwww yisssss !, 
  herm , happy for a friend of course ... 
  we like you too , roastbeef . 
  ney !, 
  all-right , i might try that then . 
  not many pines in the ardennes mate , at least on my side . 
  it 's mostly oak , birch , beech , ash and towards the east more box , hornbeam and sole fruit woods . 
  brie you heathen !, 
  the uk smells of elderberries . 
  i have witnesses . 
  well at least hitler does n't start a nuclear war whenever he damn pleases !, 
  i was tempted to join but would n't want to slow down everything too much . 
  guess i 'll join noob games in mp , see what 's what there . 
  ok , i 'll check multiplayer tomorrow then , thanks !, 
  could somebody direct me towards a good guide for eu4 ? 
  i played a little but there are still many aspects i do n't get , especially how to set up trade relations . 
  anybody knows a good guide ? 
  all-right . 
  you 'll find that the french are particularily fond of the monties and mr. bean . 
  what about european swallows ? 
  they emigrate a lot , bringing illegal immigrant coconuts to our shores , pesky critters ... 
  a couple of months ago was n't it ? 
  i hear a lot about yiannopoulos since i follow the gamergate thing a bit and i really ca n't make my mind about what his aim is . 
  pretty weird situation . 
  what 's your take/opinion on christina hoff sommers , if i may ask ? 
  or as if he belongs to another middle east , one that was n't consumed by perpetual war and skirmishes . 
   do you feel like the eu has contributed to peace ? 
  and the case of yes , do you feel like it has lost sight of that ? 
  i wo n't comment on the current state of affairs but i believe that with the eu we traded war for bureaucracy and trade agreements . 
  it is unimaginable for france , the uk or germany to go to war against each other for example , thus problems must be solved in big rooms , with bureaucrats and a lot of talk that may or may not be nonsense . 
   university is a different thing altogether - i 've never seen blatant sexism . 
  i 'm talking about what kind of encouragement kids get when they 're younger - it 's not always the same between girls and boys and sometimes the expectations are ones of soft implied barriers that get reinforced by everyone from parents to peers to educators . 
  i see what you mean and think i 've lived it too . 
  however with all the stories about third wave feminists , trigger warnings , safe spaces it feels like it 's a whole different world . 
  sure , these are stories and are not representative of the whole population/country , but i 've never people or even remotely heard of such people in the eu , safe from sweden , the uk and maybe germany . 
  the only person which rubbed me the wrong way was somebody being interviewed on rtl ( a major radio ) that briefly talked about privilege etc etc , but that 's it . 
   but they way some of my friends in the sciences talk and have always talked about women , it 's pretty obvious to me that if you 're a girl , from elementary school onwards you get the message that stem is a tree house where no girls are allowed . 
  whenever i hear such things about the usa it makes me think that it 's a wasteland in terms of gender equality . 
  sure , france is n't perfect either , but this kind of behaviour did n't exist even when my parents were in university . 
  finnish , briton and perhaps some baltic or slavic language . 
  damn polandball , it ruined the polish/indonesian flag for me  . <, 
  yeah , maybe . 
  it 's ok . 
  i 'll eat you last :p, 
  i did n't think of that , could be a good explanation . 
  technically marriage was not a basic right that was enjoyed by everyone , only by heterosexual couples . 
  additionaly , when it comes to civil unions i 'll be the first to support them , for everbody , however the matter of adoption is still open . 
  a heterosexual family is more or less the basis of the old and modern society , thus a change to it may change the society . 
  the question is if it actually does change it and in what way . 
  is it harming it and social relationships ? 
  or does it have no impact , or even help ? 
  nobody knows . 
  as for equal basic rights , gays that were alive/were gay in the 80s or 90s were bared from giving blood in france . 
  that 's so discriminatory , right ? 
  well no , it was for health reasons because back then the number of people with aids were in majority gay , thus it was a sensible measure . 
  this measure was removed some months ago . 
  i did n't read the articles but if it was done in the name of equality and without any test to see if the hiv positive people avoided the procedure or not , then it 's a disgrace as it puts the feels of some before the safety of the public . 
  if the reason is that there were no problems arising , then it 's ok . my argument is the same , instead of rushing head in into the unknown at least give it some time for the society to adapt or to be sure there are no concequences . 
  if there are n't , go all in . 
  off topic : i often see you in threads about france yet you have the polish flag , are you binational by any chance ? 
  oh absolutely . 
  reminds of the picture of the biker putting a stick inside his wheel and falling down to blame i.e. 
  the illuminati . 
  i 'm currently very puzzled because i ca n't understand where i implied i agreed with the fyrom side . 
  it 's the opposite actually , so the answer to your questions is no . 
  i agree with what you say , but before cutting the interview kasidiaris arguez that the reporter ca n't call fyrom macedonia because it 's illegal . 
  which as you said it is n't . 
  that 's thr weird part . 
  i never said calling fyrom as macedonia , i was comparing the scenario where is was with the scenario wuth crimea and russia . 
  as for freedom of speech , i 've not seen many differences with france while having lived both there and in greece . 
  edit : besides , kasidiaris himself , in his endless wisdom , said it was illegal to call the fyrom as macedonia . 
  yeah , i guess it 's not , ancient greece is just brought into this as a `` tool '' or argument i guess , by both sides . 
   you ca n't compare continuous countries like scotland with your country . 
  once those scots got their statevthat state has changed and has been affected by various elements that changed scotland and the nation . 
  in the case of italia or greece those everlasting changes started in 19th century !, 
  it boils down to opinion here because i do n't think it is so . 
   i 'm not taking a side , i just want to be clear fyrom is called that way just because the hellenic republic has got a province with the name of macedonia . 
  yeah , which is quite logical . 
  if greece did n't exist they 'd be called macedonia . 
  and if the british did n't exist france would n't have had to fight in waterloo . 
  this is n't an argument that stands in my opinion , as it implies that without the cause of a problem you remove the effects of it . 
  well yeah , quite obvious , init ? 
   in the mean of pretensions on historical legacy gruevski does n't talk more shit than greeks . 
  from my numerous travels in bulgaria and the few in albania and fyrom i can very safely say that if there 's something common in the balkans then it 's that - talking shit, 
  i do n't disagree with you , i just do n't see them as a party that has any chance to lead the country . 
  not because of their character or because of marine , but because i doubt their capacity to lead and put in place a government that is has a semblance of a function . 
   why you need an example like that , look the shipbuilding principles , all of those people use the same principles and the origin is n't disputed like in your example - all of the main principles were defined by archimedes . 
  but that does n't mean gruevski ( or tsipras ) has less or more right to think of himself as archimedes ' offspring . 
  it just was recent in my head , since the topic was brought up a couple of days ago . 
  as for the archimedes part , on one side you have an invention and on the other you have a culture . 
  the first can be achieved multiple times , while the other ca n't . 
   all of that is just the fragments , influence , etc. 
  ancient greek culture is vanished completely during the centuries and centuries of ruling of the people who did n't practice anything connected with lost culture . 
  yes , is fragments , but does it make it meaningless ? 
  bretons have only fragments of their culture , does it make them less celts than the gaels or the irish ? 
  as for vanishing cultures , if that was true the culture of italy would be that of the goths , of the uk would be that of the french and the culture of germany would be russian .
