  well if their `` origin '' is the region of macedonia , where 's the problem ? 
  now , if they were to establish a country , calling it macedonia and claiming ancient greek heritage and so on , i doubt it would be ok . 
  the point is not that the inhabitants of fyrom are not macedonians , if we go by the modern region , but that they are not only that , they are northern macedonians , or slavic macedonians or vardar macedonians whichever they want . 
  you ate my banana :(, 
  there are many kinds of bananas but they are all bananas and not dangerous weapons . 
  so the meaning changed a bit but never enough to be somethibg completely different . 
  when offered the chance for de-escalation of the conflict/argument , better take it , insisting makes you look like a twat . 
  1.2 millions of unskilled and barely literate people ( mostly ) , with a very different mindset , culture and ethics . 
  people who will most likely be solely supported by the state , without counting the rise of crime and other factors . 
  yeah for some reason at the time of reading your comment i got the idea that you did not see the link . 
  guess boredom can do that . 
  i like the fact both of your usernames are puns . 
  germania and alemania come from the name of the tribes that inhabited the area , long time ago . 
  some other examples are the english , whose name is derived from the angles , a germanic nation that invaded the british isles . 
  how do you know ? 
  could be christine 2.0 !, 
  doubt that 's the intention . 
  it 's not going to yield any profits either , what with most non pkk kurds not being hostile to turkey . 
  indeed , however this is not something exclusive to the greek government , or even that time , as it was a practice well established many years ago all over the balkans , and farther . 
  also , crimea sucks in eu4 . 
  getting gang banged : c, 
  yeah i know , i was just putting it in perspective compared to today , since it 's an argument tthat 's been voiced . 
   the origins of macedonian identity are every bit as tenuous as most ( if not all ) other national identities . 
  the reason this national myth seems so superficial to you is that it more recent ( though the origins are in late 19th century , so some decades before tito ) . 
  of course , the issue is much more complex , what with the ottomans and the mixing of ethnies/cultures . 
  for example when the balkan wars were going on , an also previously during the skirmishes many people were categorised as greeks , serbians , bulgarians and so on not because of their language or culture but by the culture/language/denomination of their village priest . 
  thus , many people ended up in i.e. 
  bulgaria while being serbian or greeks . 
  in no way do i want to suggest x country is pure y ethnicity , or that z is not y. i attribute the supreficiality however on the fact that it was mostly tito who `` channeled '' ( yay paladin ) this into the `` macedonian '' identity , with claims that were not those of the `` original '' fighters prior to the balkan wars . 
  i probably have left parts out , but i do n't think i stray too far from the truth . 
  the barbarian argument ( to refer to fyrom citizens ) is only used by the far right/ultra nationalist groups , in the same way it 's mostly the far right in fyrom trying to push the ancient macedon agenda , plus the past government that needed a scapegoat for its incompetence . 
  all-right . 
  you compare north western european politics with the balkan ones , suggesting they are the same . 
  i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  besides , it 's in the name , it 's not the same name . 
  it would be more accurate to argue about cornwall and cornouaille which are two different placed , however it would n't make sense since they are remnants of the celtic era , where the populations of the time where quite similar . 
  plus the fact that whoever may have had a valid claim is dead for close to two millenia . 
  well i admit , my ukrainian history level is pretty low . 
  i do recall of a cz ` ertain khan though , from kiev or residing there who married a byzantine princess ir something of the sort . 
  it 's also not only the fact that fyrom does not encompass the ancient macedonian history , as a matter of fact there 's avsolutely nothing in common . 
  between the two , if for perhaps some regions in the south . 
  the whole problem lies with the fact tito needed a national identity to set him apart from bulgaria and co. . greece was at the time quite alone , especially after the second balkan war , so denying an ally such as yugoslavia would be rather stupid and therefore did not challenge tito . 
  indeed !, 
  and funnily enough the idea that moldova ( country ) should belong to romania is quite a popular one !, 
  whether they are right or not , romanians do n't refute the use of the name of moldova , they refute its existence as a sovereign country . 
  what if those parts were renamed as kiev or odessa , claimibg to be the true cradle of the rus and that todays kiev is not the place where the kievan khanate had its capital ? 
  funnily enough the event troubles me and thus followed the news during the euro-maidan and then the border tensions which led to the insugency/invasion . 
  all the while with only contempt for a russian imperialistic policy . 
  that does n't stop me from believing that the fyrom and greece name dispute does not have a party that 's entirely correct in its claims . 
  moldova wanting to call itself crimea would be an outrage for example . 
  i hate using this word , but is n't this sockpupetting / using a strawman argument ? 
  let 's jst call crimea as russia then . 
  sure , not the best comparison , but still . 
  last i heard the amount of migrants going in bulgaria was rather small . 
  i 'd replace my hand for that realdoll thing ... 
  that 's why i said `` like russia ... ''  no more le monde for you . 
  what ? 
  they have forces in syria though . 
  well turkey could invade in the same way russia and iran have , but only when the ceasefire gets broken . 
  had it the opposite way , damn . 
  it keeps loading , probably my connection 's problem . 
  thanks !, 
  doubt that , the two previous bombings were from syrian based groups , the is and i think one called krg . 
  i ca n't access the link you gave , does he explain what the axis on the left represents ? 
  i do n't really know what a `` traditional '' homeless person is to tell you the truth , so for me it 's a person who 's got no home of his own or shared , may it be mobile or not . 
  a guy building a shelter under a bridge is still homeless because he does not `` own '' that place , at least in legal terms . 
  those in shelters are more or less the same , just not in as a precarious position as those under the stars . 
  as for doing something for those people , i ca n't pronounce an opinion . 
  just today a guy approached me asking for money . 
  when he exited the room he started talking to an imaginary person , so what * i think * he needs is psychological help . 
  a couple of years ago i saw a guy come from the waterlocks , at dawn , where he went to shave and bathe and then went to work in a construction nearby . 
  so what can you do about him ? 
  from an outsiders perspective it seems that he just lacks a home but has the will to work and be active . 
  therefore , to conclude : i do n't think you can do something for the homeless in general and apply it , expecting the problem to be solved , especially considering some are in the position they are because of past mistakes , mental problems and many others . 
  that does n't mean they get a free pass or anything , just that the current state of affairs makes it so that their number is not reducing and their re-insertion is n't easy to achieve . 
  at least for those that are homeless for a long period of time . 
  that was many years ago but i recall seeing banners for the euro , so around 2006-2007 i guess . 
  i was with a group and we only transited through zurich , so it 's either the airport , the railway station or the bus hub . 
  i vaguely remember seeing tall buildings , grey with grime , the side of the asphalt filled with spent cigarettes and the pavement was grimy , as if from smog or concrete dust . 
  we did n't stay long , so i guess it may not be representative but it had quite the effect on me at the time, 
  perhaps but they do n't automatically smell of urine . 
  sope live in shelters and get to be relatively clean for example . 
  well there are n't many conclusions that one can be lead to with your comment . 
  frankly , i doubt there are more than one . 
  pretty , but my how inefficient the process is . 
  the rain helps :p, 
  zurich was filthy , lausanne and bern were perfect , geneva kinda average . 
  well you did bring up the comparison between homeless people smell and piss ... by the wayw are you purposefully trying to stir up shit with your `` keep flailing away '' ? 
  so far i have been civil , without any show of agresiveness so i wonder what brought that . 
  i 'm sorry , i though it was a rhetorical question , bereft of any meaning and interest . 
  so , what do they smell like : probably a lot of things , ranging from piss , sweat , alcohol and soil to cheap deodorant , soap/aftershave or even nothing . 
  you seem to have quite a bit of disdain towards homeless people , at least that 's what your fixation with the topic makes it feel like . 
  so , what 's the beef ? 
   i hope your self righteousness does n't prevent you from answering . 
  what exactly do you you think homeless people smell like ? 
  i wonder why it is there 's a difference between being a self righteous/politically correct only person and with being an arse . 
  he said `` homeless and piss '' and you chose to purposefully correct him on something that is not incorrect in order to turn the phrase into a denigration . 
  maybe it seemed funny to you at the time , however others do n't share your humour . 
  that does n't make them self-righteous . 
  edit : [ in another comment you are quoting a phrase , probably as a ftfy : `` immigrants smell of piss . '',
