  in any casr , this i all assumptions and guesses . 
  i think more like irrelevant with the article . 
  the main argument against the whaling activities of the faroese is that it kills intelligent and endangered animals , which is not true , pilot whales if i recall well are thriving . 
  greece too got its gold snatched . 
  loud disapproval is n't bery constructive either . 
  in any case , the whales killed are not endangered , the opposite even , therefore the scotts come as ill-informed to say the least, 
  indeed , i simply shared my opinion regarding that . 
  perhaps , my academy leans towards chemistry , physics and metals so i wouldnt know about the grand science of gender studies et al , but i wouldnt consider fanatics and extremists as academics . 
  to me radfem is more along the lines of `` i 'm more equal than you '' , and they arent that rare . 
  imo , egalitarian or equity feminism sounds better . 
  check out christina hoff sommers . 
  newsflash , me neither ( for french and not dutch , obviously ) but that is my and your prerogative , our decision and not dclauzel 's or anybody else 's . 
  another dutchman could as well want to write both languages , it 's his choice . 
  also , after a quick check , i could not find any mention of english being mandatory , or it being the official language . 
  sources that are in another language are encouraged to be translated , but not mandatory , and by no means exclusively to be in english . 
  therefore , in my opinion , one should not be slung shit over using his language , since he does write the same in english . 
  to force him to use only english on the other hand does sound like a douche thing to do . 
  you assume he feels special for speaking french . 
  and whatever , let him be , it 's not like he only writes in french ... 
  he gives the choice to his fellow francophones , if others do n't want to read in french they can simply scroll down once for the english version . 
  granted , he could start of with the english version first , considering the majority speaks english more often than french , but come on , does it bother you so much ? 
  do you despise french that much ? 
  besides , whatever happened to live and let live ? 
  want to write in dutch and english ? 
  by all means !, 
  that would promote a multilanguage europe , and not a stuck up one that * demands * to know one language and fuck all happens with the rest . 
  in short , why do people make such a big thing out of something like that , it 's not like he alienates anybody by writing in french , he also writes in english , goes out of his way to translate the comment himself ( or so it seems , it never feels like an automatic translation ) . 
  no idea . 
  i would guess some were , i heard of the `` manoir '' types , small residential castles that were close to villages being looted , same as monasteries or churches , but i do n't know the extent of destruction or anything . 
  all-right , there 's been a misunderstanding then . 
  you said that you do n't want to translate your shit in your language . 
  i said that those who do want to do that , if they want , should . 
  it 's fine for anybody to write in english , and so it should be , in my opinion , for others to write both in their language and english if they so desire . 
  it has three large gates , five consecutive walls with an acropolis to the top . 
  the rooms are a bit crammed though and there 's no electricity or water and not a great deal of furniture inside . 
  it 's also rather damp . 
  ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ sand ^ ^ ^ castle, 
  no , i mean that the sub should evolve based on the opinions of the entirety of the sub . 
  it 's not oldfags against newfags , it 's the whole thing adapting to itself . 
  say a year ago it was ultra right and after an influx of communists it became centrist ( super simplified , i know ) , instead of becoming communist in its entirety , as you say . 
  you do n't * have * to do it though ... 
  some people do it , dclauzel is more visible because of his status . 
  you merely have to skip a couple of lines , not even read them . 
  i see . 
  may i ask what his agenda is ? 
  i 'm not very informed on this . 
  why , should it be english ? 
  what if everybody had his language first , then english ? 
  i would n't mind it personally and do n't see why anybody else would . 
  why leave ? 
  the only person who can force him is either the unanimous public of the sub , or the owner . 
  a subreddit changes with its members , becoming more leftist/rightist or centrist or others . 
  criticising certain aspects of the sub should n't be encouraged then ? 
  it should all follow a specific mindset because that 's how it is ? 
  everybody will complain about brigading from each side of the horseshoe , it gives moral authority somehow . 
  i do n't think that 's a straw man argument , perhaps inadequate , or easily countered , but not straw man . 
  giving a name on the reaction of somebody , saying they are using a straw man or being a sock puppet or others do seem to be closer to an ad hominem than anything else . 
  he takes a fancy answering in two languages , why is this an issue ? 
  you assume all videos pass through mods , perhaps that slipped by , perhaps it was another mod , whose standards are not the same . 
  well known does n't give the right to the police to preemptively place them in custody . 
  that 's against the law and even if at times the government does n't follow it , it usually does . 
  he was known but not actively searched for , or so i heard in a previous thread . 
  on a train `` to '' paris . 
  also , two of the americans were military ... as in , their job revolves around violence ... 
  besides , in one account i read that they heard a gun being loaded from a toilet , toilets are to the extremities of the tgvs ( i guess thales are the same ) and thus these guys were the closest to the place . 
  therefore it 's not about the rest being cowards , but about them being are the right place at the right time and with the right qualifications . 
  i 'm not a soldier and i 'd guess you are n't either , so i doubt very much on either of our chances against somebody with a gun , no matter what our ethnicities are or what others like to say about us . 
  fascism breeds on unsolved problems , illegal migrants in such numbers are a problem , therefore confronting fascism would be best done by solving the migrant crisis . 
  i think he meant condoms and other such things , not extermination . 
  it was a while ago , perhaps it was that they detected the ship towards evia , heading toward the general direction of athens and then returning home , however it was rather close to the shoreline . 
  perhaps the incident was reported to the higher ups , but not relayed to the top , because , if my memory serves , the ship had been spotted by a sailor or a coast patrol and then by the radar , while well within greek waters , which could have had large repercussions . 
  said guy wasnt the sort to bullshit people when serious , or after drinking but he may have exaggerated on certain parts . 
  french agriculture is suffering from the too high `` commissions '' the intermediaries take , nohing to do with dutch producing more . 
  father of a guy i know was in the radars on evia i think , mid 90 's when a. turkish frigate passed throught the islands and maybe 100km off pireus , then left . 
  the supperiors order the incident not to be reported as the delay was too great . 
  until they start shooting . 
  i remember a couple of warning shots over limnos some years ago and the `` dogfight '' lasted rather long . 
  nobody said they did n't , however the subject at hand here is germany , not france or the us . 
  as far as i recall it wasnt these countries that helped siemens to play around with the government , nor do they harbor a greek national whose extradition to greece has been demanded many a times before . 
  there 's probably other kinds of shit of course though , but i doubt it has any relevance with germany , which again , is the subject . 
  well the complaints i 've heard in beach resorts were usually only about germans and dutch . 
  the context is different , one is of the work the other of vacation . 
  that 's how people describe them and the dutch in the beaches anyway , from my - anecdotal - experience . 
  having the german government in bed with past greek governments to sell arm it does n't need , creating part of such huge debt sure is generous ... 
  in france germans have the reputation of being rude , breaking regulations and for being very filthy , throwing garbage around . 
  minus massacres and genocides . 
  i meant specifically legally prosecuted , should have said so . 
  therefore every german citizen who did n't act against te reich before the end of the war is responsible and must pay ... 
  by that logic lehman brothers should n't have gone bankrupt and should have been helped to recover , while it was their fault they gave such massive loans . 
  there were volunteers from many countries which were bat shit crazy , most of which not having returned . 
  you cant judge 11million or so people because of some idiots . 
  especially since the core of christianity is peace . 
  as far as i recall catholisism has more death in its conscience than orthodoxy . 
  besides , others practice orhodoxy , the greeks for example , what did they do to spark your ire ? 
  you can try . 
  in the past they taught the `` france stronk and good '' song at schools , now they want to change it to `` france an enslaver and bad '' , while it would simply suffice to teach history ... 
  his rebuttals are rather weak and he 's not trying much buy why should he ? 
  the british barely gave away anything it was taken with effort because of how oppressive they were . 
  you `` civilised '' the arabs and indians , fucking right ... 
  do not mistake the reaper from above for a hero .
