  i can agree with dumping them in egypt for example , or algeria if it was legal , but it is not and libya is a hellhole . 
  i read an article which estimated that nigeria would reach the us in terms of population in the next 30 or so years and that it should be considered as an important country etc etc. 
  they probably are also one of those countries that breed as if there was no tomorrow and having problems because of it ... 
  and if greece could sell every pebble on the beach it would be the richest country . 
  greece can not ship them to africa or the middle east without an agreement with those countries , which none of them would take . 
  besides , greece never liked immigrants with no prospects so i think that if such a solution was possible in the past 25 years , the country would have already done it . 
  of course , but it adds up to costs , unless if , as you say , they pay for the fare , then i guess it 's fair game on that aspect . 
  wow , did n't know the ports could take such ship . 
  in france ( second and third age mostly ) take coffee after lunch and around 16 o'clock it 's time for cakes/pastries or tea/coffee . 
  in university though , it 's one coffee at 7:50 , one at 10:00 , one at 12:45 and another at 15:30 . 
  some double that amount . 
  if i recall well , the commercial ships that the tourists use can hold roughly , very roughly 500 people and with a trip lasting more than 7 hours ( to athens , might be less for kavala ) it means that to move those 4k people daily you 'd need more or less three ships working 24/7 . 
  considering lesbos is not the only island needing relief , this sounds like quite a big amount of expenditures . 
  i see . 
  i did n't finish the article but it does n't seem much douchey , apart from poor quality control . 
  they compensated the victims , or at least set aside the money to do that and recalled thz models . 
  not like ford in the 70 's , if i recall well . 
  do you have a source on the 175 dead part , if you do n't mind ? 
  well i 'll just move out in iceland or greenland , let 's see mosquitoes there !, 
  the sea probably allow more people to pass , but then greece absolutely can not get them back , only bring them in , hence me focusing on land borders . 
  also , i do n't like you , you like spiders and i do n't like spiders . 
  damned spider humpers !, 
  guess that 's what law can do some times , make things harder . 
  those who come up at the land borders were allowed to pass through , as per that comment in question , but i guess it could be wrong , otherwise more would 've passed through the land border . 
  i do n't think it 's as simple as that , otherwise i 'd have been done in the past 25 years greece deals with migrants , may they be from turkey or other balkan countries or african ones . 
  frankly , even before the crisis happened there were calls to make borders a eu matter , as even then there were many migrants/refugee . 
  my point was more along the lines to give the `` reins '' to a eu coalition and not one or two or three countries , as to avoid any national interests and whatnot . 
  it would be more sensible if ti was frontex to do the job and not germany , as frontex is comprised of all the european countries . 
  it was on on here 1-2 days ago , in the comments section . 
  edit : ca n't find it anymore , although i think i found the original thread where it was in . 
  on a side note , greece ca n't send them back to turkey , especially considering having a coast guard or military ship could be an act of aggression . 
  i mean , you ca n't dump people in another country using the other country 's resources . 
  refugees are a different story , they are a third party , and not a country . 
  supposedly the eu told greece to let people pass unhindered , so i do n't see where 's the blame ... 
  greece , currently , can not ferry them to turkey and they are obliged to ferry them to athens ( or kavala or elsewhere ) to avoid starving the islands . 
  the eu also told greece to let refugees pass , so ... 
  or say by all means and stop spending resources on that , would help a bit with the debts . 
  in my opinion they are on the same line but on different levels . 
  affiliated groups with the fn hold similar views , but there is indeed a difference , althought i 'd say only on the intensity of such beliefs . 
  for which reason ? 
  why is the front national as popular as it is ? 
  more or less the same reason me thinks . 
  simply centrists , i mean , when did greece had centrists ? 
  some years ago they were more or less mocked because the head of the then main centrist party was not very active , but turns out he may not have been too bad . 
  or perhaps le fabre -  fabriquant ( maker ) . 
  except un some bazaars , sellers be cray o.o, 
  all right , i 'll keep it out of reach of drunk intentions then :p thanks !, 
  so what should i do then if i go to the pharmacie for example ? 
  got any brand on the top of your mind to suggest ? 
  i see, 
  ah , i think i understand now . 
  they make bogus stuff out of potentially useful ideas . 
  pfft , a left leaning media outlet found the origin of all problems of man : the far right . 
  repent !, 
  at this rate we 're going ( maybe we already do ) to see people almost adoring such principles and doctrines . 
  imho it 's very simple , there are many kinds of people with many different interests but once a large part starts seeing its interests being pushed aside for another group they react and support those who 'll promote their interests . 
  the extremes get support when the people do n't think things work in their interests , which seems to be true . 
  business insider thinks otherwise apparently ... 
  i do n't understand something . 
  homeopathy is touted as being a joke science without any merit and on the other hand things such as arnica are supposed to work ( they do for me and most people i know ) but all doctors i 've ever see accept them as medicinal . 
  what 's the deal ? 
  what do i not get ? 
  when a large group of people lose their jobs , the government does care . 
  when industries close , the government does care . 
  apparently it is , and many agree . 
  if you ask an illiterate who wrote the silmarillion he will say he does n't know , ergo it proves jack shit . 
  late response , did n't see . 
   yes , as you say they have to compromise , but i cant stop wondering how people dont find this kind of greek behaviour disguisting , really diguisting . 
  compromise is opposite of this , and i m sure that macedon goverements in past 20 years were more open for talks . 
  starting a whole `` no u '' debate is useless and nonconstructive , however the fyrom governments over the years have also been quite ridiculous in their statements , in the end one side was out-ridiculing the other . 
  fyrom is not really an insult , it just the only way you can call it , since they do n't like skopje . 
  as for the politicians , they do the same in fyrom , they do the same everywhere . 
  no , but the greek do have a legitimacy over the naming . 
  not to impose anything , but to have a part because it is part of their identity and culture , for 2-3 million people . 
  seems so . 
  let 's have a saucisson now !, 
  in my opinion there 's something to think of . 
  before tito there were very few mentions of macedonians as an ethnic group with slavic origin . 
  around the times of the balkan wars all the countries had to stir up a national identity , a reason for which to fight for , not necessarily based on the reality or on feat that where wholly virtuous , but at the time ( middle-late 19th century to 20th ) it was fairly normal , in france for example it still causes problems for historians because everything was embellished . 
  tito however went overboard , wanting to make his people and only true macedonians , which worked great , his guerrillas were very successful , however today it gives problems like this . 
  therefore the greek position is quite understandable since to their eyes the whole thing was a scam ( ignoring their own ones ) and thus they disagree with the position fyrom has . 
  considering the `` modern '' history of the fyrom one could say that adding the `` vardar '' distinction is also good , because even if they live in the region , they have nothing to do with the original macedonians , which the greeks can at least say they do by culture and language , while if they chose vardar macedonians there would be absolutely no controversy because they come from the vardar ( a plain or a river , ca n't recall ) inhabiting macedonia . 
  anyway , these are my two cents here , it 's not like they wo n't keep milking this situation for votes , on both sides . 
  diplomatically the solutions have been given and agreed upon , but politically , no . 
  ah , in that way ... 
  in my opinion it 's also valid if the name belongs to a region both reside in in an important enough amount . 
  if greece only had a field and a village in macedonia then there would n't be an objection . 
  nor did i say there was any such law . 
  but again , the congo is divided in two parts but originally it was one , implying some form of cohesion , which does n't exist between greece anf fyrom . 
  i do n't think it would work either way , the greeks do n't like it plain macedonia . 
  nobody does , why would they ... 
  well , whenever it goes to central-eastern european history i 'm pretty close to ignorant . 
  except for the hussite wars , yay !, 
  no , but i doubt there are many who do in the whole country , let alone in southern macedonia . 
  most see it as part of greece , indivisible . 
  it 's far from being like bretagne and france , or the uk and scotland . 
  even dismissing the historical context , the problem still persists . 
   the wars were an example of what these kind of politics lead to . 
  i live on balkans for 30 + years and every litlle shit state has same rethoric to its neighbours . 
  i would argue that every populists speaks like all populists before him .
