  because you see both those you say and those i say . 
   what visa ? 
  temporary one , or a tourist one or whatever , as long as they arrive . 
  besides , many manage to get in with lorries and other such means ( which are not legal -  i said legal beforehand )  wait are you saying lebanon and jordan are better than greece ? 
  il y a cinq ou six ans on parlait que il y avait un million de migrants en gr\u00e8ce . 
   you register and ask them to apply for asylum or you deport them . 
  greece and italy * do * register them and do tell them the procedure about asylum seeking , which involves them applying on the first country . 
  they ca n't deport them because 1 : it 's a long procedure and the country of origin eventually does not accept them back 2 : the eu said to let them pass , after the screenings . 
   we can deport them , but they 'll still come , more and more . 
  but we do n't . 
  we deport a small minority because the legislation is too lax or the bureaucracy is too long . 
  the people in calais are there illegally . 
  if we could we 'd have bulldozed that place and sent those guys back where they came from two years ago , or even before . 
   where did they come from !, 
  honestly dude sheesh . 
  many are maghrebins . 
  as per tusk , if i recall well , are either maghrebins or iraq/iran/afghan etc nationals . 
  therefore only part of the blame is on greece and perhaps italy and more to spain and , well , just people able to travel to france and other countries and then doing the shit they do . 
  is it impossible that they just come by plane or by boat , legally ? 
   we get them pull then out if schengen . 
  simple . 
  i ca n't understand what you mean . 
   the vast majority of migrants are in jordan and lebanon . 
  are those countries better off than greece ? 
  no idea , probably not , they have more refugees , but they do n't have crashing debt and share a similar language , perhaps the same . 
  those people are also amassed in camps which are partly funded by the un and many others . 
  in greece nothing is funded except frontex which currently does n't / ca n't do much apart from keeping the migrants in the country . 
  there are foreign volunteers that help though , and that is in their honour . 
  also , lebanon and jordan , as far as i know do n't have 30 % unemployment total and 50 % for the youth . 
   we can sort the gypsies . 
  off to romania . 
  when we 're talking about calais omg let 's not touch them . 
  wtf is that ? 
  i never said we should not touch the jungle . 
  i 'm not of the far right , potentially not even the right at all but the gypsy issues along with the jungle are still not solved and should be solved , preferably , as i see it , with mass deportations and prison sentences . 
  however you ca n't blame other countries that did their job when our government simply closed its eyes on that . 
  or perhaps was too fearful o the political cost . 
  as if the calais migrants came from the greece/italy route in the first place . 
  secondly , greece was told to process those people . 
  they do it . 
  they also used to tell them they have to apply for asylum , but considering the economy 's in the shitter i do n't see anybody go asking why the * migrants do n't apply * . 
  unless if you mean we force them . 
  force migrant to apply for asylum in the country they do n't want to , in a country that ca n't ** sustain itself ** . 
  also , do you suggest greece and italy take up all the migrants ? 
  because they have done that exact thing for the past 15 years and have asked for help numerous times with no heeding . 
  the european south is not a problem depository . 
  france and the north never cared about this , always claiming from its high throne that the south was eve acting inhumanely while they never had to deal with the problem . 
  in france we act high but we ca n't fucking sort out une putain de banlieu . 
  fuck this shit, 
  how are they not complying ? 
  they have been told by the eu to let the migrants go on their way after they process them , which is what 's happening . 
  who 's the non complying that you refer to ? 
  germany ? 
  fun fact : at the times of the revolution , france had less trees than today . 
  which is quite logical considering that the distance is so much smaller from turkey to greece than libya/italy . 
  greece is actually registering them , but yeah . 
  i implied greece gets a beating with that stick . 
  apparently greece only got the stick . 
  aw yissss , the pain au chocolat - chocolatine fight !, 
  well you can , but placing mines does n't sound like a good idea . 
  the eye of sauron !, 
  what , laws should allow for uber drivers not to pay social charges ? 
  that 's the case in france with uber , they work without paying the charges , lowering overall prices bellow what taxis can charge . 
  on the other hand taxis are scummy and overcharge , true , but you ca n't fight that with illegal labour . 
  i can see your point but not its importance . 
  but then it 's just a matter of opinion . 
  also , you seem irritated but you have n't given your reasoning until now , so it 's a bit weird . 
  apparently i am severely impaired . 
  as do 2 more people who seeme to agree with my previous comment and disagree with your comment that claims something without a hint of reason/argument . 
  no , just basic greek knowledge . 
  you make it look like it 's a completely different thing , it 's just some different/swaped letters and diferent grammar . 
  it 's not japanese . 
  it 's not so much to the greeks as it is to the cypriots . 
  explaining the reality then could help us mere mortals understand your point better . 
  just for the info , tsipras is the prime minister , the president is another person who only holds ceremonial powers afaik . 
  probably their f.y.r.o.m. 
  all too true . 
  if only the sillyness could have been left behind . 
  it already is , afaik this or last year was the best year in a decade with something like 22 million tourists . 
  that 's really a good way to start making relations better , at least on a interpersonal level . 
  i see , thanks . 
  need an explanation on that , as non germanophone . 
  not saying the opposite , rather that both countries did it . 
  can it be , the forbidden fruit ? 
   good  french you funny , i kill you last . 
  but yeah , in terms of french series i ca n't suggest much as i 'm deprived of a tv , however you can check kaamelott which is really great . 
  think monty python in the pet shop sketch , in the arthurian legends . 
  many things are untranslatable though , so i do n't know how well most of the jokes carry through . 
  if you know french though , it can be a nice training because of the hidden and subversive meanings . 
  if you like tv games though , you 'll find a number of them on uk/us/other tv are french in origin , such as the fort boyard , who wants to win millions , word games etc etc. 
  searching for popular french shows gives me the usual stuff i ca n't stand and the cheesy , so i ca n't suggest anythign else . 
  the guy i reply to seems to be holding bild 's views . 
  that 's what i think cs_thor implied . 
  thanks !, 
  brown coats reminds of firefly incidentaly . 
  maybe i watch too many series ... 
  and the german press labelled them as lazy good for nothings . 
  same thing , germany is just more powerful . 
  reminds me of the downton abbey episode where a character is killed during the beer hall putsch by brown coats or whatever hitler 's lackeys were called . 
  points 1 , 2 and 4 seem pretty reasonable and have been source of criticism to the current government .
