  there is heroism in fight , but not in unopposed carpet bombing . 
  perhaps the act of repelling enemy planes to reach the destination can be an act of valor , carpet bombing civilians is not , at the very best it is a necessity of war . 
  besides , dresden was not japan , where the nukes were the only way to avoid massive casualties , a lesser evil . 
  \u00dbgh , now that i have to get to sleep  . < in short , higher standards of living but also higher , much higher prices in everything , at mes germany level higher many imports , not as many exports . 
  no industry that can potentially help , basic ifnrastructure . 
  no know-how on a technical point of view , which is perhaps more important right now than engineers . 
  fiscal policy extremely disadvantageous for companies , double than in france for example , with all the added charges and co , perhaps triple , or at least more than double . 
  tourism produces revenue , but not humongous as he implies , nor as steady as he says ( in 2011 i think because of the fear mongering of the foreign press very little people came , hurting the economy ) agriculture is in parts normal , in other parts very badly managed and unprofitable . 
  shrinking of gdp by 30 % till 2014 , bound to increase . 
  cost of living very high compared to wages and many people were indebted before the crisis , with now no way to repay them , even if they could and were repaying them before the crisis . 
  systemic reforms were done , which is why the country is in such a deep spiral of austerity , with seemingle very little to lift it up . 
  a large portion of the debt comes from the banks , which are not the responsibility of the people or the government . 
  military deals bled the country for years , aided by the previous governments and corruption . 
  these deals were often with german arms dealers and some others , americans most likely . 
  germany said nothing about it before , conveniently and did n't budge with the siemens scandal ( if i recall well , they refused to extradite a greek national who was one of their employees ) . 
  said military deals would be as if poland had to repay military expenses of the ussr , even after the split . 
  also , something not said often , greece paid its 2014 debts with budget surplus , no loans . 
  in 2016 the situation would have been the same , the amount to repay is somewhat the same . 
  this year , in 2015 however the payments were much much higher , over the top of my head i 'll say triple , the problem is that there is simply not enough time and that 2015 was not planed well the money should have been more even between the years , especially during the first years of the whole mess . 
  it could rise after 2025 for example , to shorten the lifespan . 
  now i 'll go to sleep , have a good night . 
  foiled again it seems ... i shall have my revenge !, 
  ^ ^ later, 
  i 'll pass through a river , no dog can sniff through that , and then , the riches are mine !, 
  wonder what would happen if one of those got ... lost ... 
  not three times more , the work they do is much more meaningful on its own , it 's not that the germans are super workers , but their managers/bosses/h r division know their jobs well . 
  seems so , but not as intensely as after the civil war . 
  i was n't there of course but there was a lot of `` ice '' between people back then , seemingly a cold war within the country . 
  ah , now i get what you mean . 
  my father , whose father went to fight in the civil war spoke to me about the big divide between the ideologies , which more or less caused the 67 ' junta , because of the stalemate in elections . 
  sorry , but the what now ? 
  30 years of dictatorship after the civil war ? 
  many fallacies , inaccuracies and not correct equivalences drawn . 
  apparently it 's a myth , so they tell me . 
  fun fact , since you are romanian op , the second most used language withing ms is the romanian . 
  banks incite mass loaning without checking if the clients can pay them back . 
  loans are unpaid , the clients get punished and the economy plummets . 
  but !, 
  the banks get free pass , nobody 'll say anything , it 's all the fault of the people ... 
  we agree in principle , but i disagree on the extent of it . 
  but no matter . 
  as for the debit card , being solely reliant on it can also cause problems , being open to alternatives is better imo , but still keeping the most effective model as a prevalent . 
  i meant evasion , dont know why i wrote avoidance ... 
  you may be right but those 1 % ers impose more or less their culture , regardless of where the item is made . 
  i 'm not pmsing , its well known than in the past the us made the most out of globalisation , with ethical or not ways . 
  besides , the new treaty they want signed may have advantages for both sides but there 's so much shit going along . 
  i meant tax evasion . 
  i have no idea , i assume there are price fixing schemes . 
  well , since globalisation profits mostly the us , i can see why others would go against it ... 
  that is , if the url is to be trusted , from 2012 , how has this evolved ? 
  which country if i may ask ? 
  eh , a lot have moved out of the country already . 
  it 's said to be the largest exodus of educated people . 
  tax avoidance in greece per capita is lower than in italy and i think lower than france or germany , although i did n't do the math for these two . 
  he 's not inventing anything , i 've heard it before from compatriots in face to face exchanges , but it is untrue , at least for the past years . 
  to my knowledge that is false . 
  it may have happened , but it does n't have any validity anymore , perhaps even before the crisis . 
  also , tax evasion , per capita , in greece is lower than many other countries of the eu . 
  including italy , germany , france . 
  from what i hear the treaty will lower standards in europe considerably , and limits the power over our exports , hope ut doesnt end up with us becoming the us 's bitch . 
  if the op is right with his 30 b for greece , then it still serves the point tosay that the debt in greece , per capita , is lower than in italy and others . 
  if op is right then italy has 238 beuros/57m people and greece 30beuros/12m people which should be roughly 4.200 compared to 2.500 per capita debt . 
  i mean that if you buy x product at 1/10 of the price in another country and sell it for 9/10 or 10/10 you make a huge profit . 
  also , there may be a problem of the product not being available , being enough only for bulgaria . 
  there 's maybe an import tax applicable , rising the costs . 
  look pal , im giving you the context , stop reading through imaginary lines and putting words in my mouth , that 's not constructive . 
  well in the past it was the children , or other close relatives . 
  as for what yousay of the companies taking the homes after the death of the elders , if i recall well , in france we have a system called `` viager '' which as you say is companies , or people taking the inheritance by providing care and a `` salary '' . 
  you are quite right , i was confusing it with another thread where i said this . 
  as for not following your source , said source , at a glance omits the 150 % tax , of which the 100 % is26 . 
  a regular tax and a prepyment for next year . 
  there were propositions to simply double them for one yer instead of this thing , bu i 've got no knowledge on where the proposal is right now . 
  taxes are not the only reasons , most likely not , they are a reason . 
  as for what you said , i still do n't see how my statement on the 1.5 * 26 or so is wrong . 
  if i recall well , what is said about austerity is n't that it works but that it can/may . 
  edit : im still speaking of corporate taw and not for individuals . 
  pah , as if even half of the representatives went in line with what the people want . 
  i probably do n't know half of it , but in general it is due to the huge amounts of intermediaries , who all put their `` tithe '' on the product . 
  comrade , partner , colleague , it 's all the same to me , af least in the context . 
  it 's not too relevant , but explains why there are big differences that people seem to conveniently forget . 
  machinery wasnt destroyed or sold , not all of it and a lot was returned in order to further the reconstruction . 
  unlike some certain reparations . 
  also , the huge existing infrastructure and know how of the surviving workforce helped a lot . 
  greece had none of it , it was an agrarian country mostly , with some textiles and others . 
  by the way , my way of speech does not imply being right or not , but snark does n't procure any moral authority either . 
  i conflate big corporation tax with small ones , as i think it 's the same . 
  i know its true for small and medium sized ones, 
  many past figures are not accurate anymore . 
  are you sure of that ? 
  i may be mistaken of course , but it seems odd, 
  prices are weird in general , some are low , other more or less same and others higher and i do n't really see the connection . 
  as for pensions feeding caretakers , it reminds of the old system with kids taking care of their elders to get their house after their death . 
  i only speak of corporate tax mind you . 
  26 % and not my 24 is the first tax but there 's also the other half . 
  could you elaborate what is factually wrong please ? 
  you can give a tl ; dr and all your links aside without altering your message . 
  that is not true and it 's often touted over the rooftops . 
  and it is even more untrue in the case of companies and the industry , which i specifically talked about . 
  * able to live * more like merely survive ... and you cans survive with a piece of bread and the food given by the church or others , but you ai n't producing anything and you ai n't living your life . 
  everything is much more expensive than in bulgaria .
