  i do n't disagree on small businesses as they are more `` human '' but otherwise ? 
  all these countries allow the sell too , i do n't see your point . 
  nor do i see the point of downvoting either . 
  well , the french just learned from the best , the us , but since they are not the number one they ca n't be on the winning side . 
  last greek or turkish jet doing to the other one was n't shot down . 
  in fact , it may be happening every day/tuesday/wednesday . 
  never heard of australia for coal , but i do know about their iron oxide production , which is spectacular , although they are `` helped '' by the fact it 's very pure ( 60 % iron ) and perhaps more easily accessible compared to the deposits in , say , france and generally europe . 
  it may be the same way for coal then . 
  well you already know more than me !, 
  coal mining requires more workers in more menial positions i think , while the oil industry needd technicians more . 
  also , the coal industry is more profitable in brazil and russianm if i recall well , due to the purity of the coke , or so it is for the production that serves the steel industry . 
  do n't think i could , i do n't know many polish words . 
  let 's try with what i know : kurwa kurva , kurwa kurwa kurwa !, 
  with such big blocks i think the mere friction would do the job , like on the machu pichu and other places . 
  100 % cancer giving post o.o, 
  the problem is that problems almost never get solved , just postponed , lasting decades and reaching a breaking point . 
  incompetence from either of the three sides , the working class/unions , the government and the suits . 
  : c . i. 
  just saw the article . 
  my dream is in taters : / the height though seems quite low , and so does the width , do n't think it 'll be enough to let ships pass and the other opening does n't seem to be large enough for the traffic , but i do n't know much about that so whatever . 
  gibraltar bridge , wolfenstein style ? 
  could be a fun project on it 's own but i think the funds would be better spent in making europe more sound in terms of economics , industry etc etc. 
  yay !, 
  what do i win ? 
  oh oh ... is this the kind of winning that gets you to a nice `` counter-espionage retirement home '' ? 
  i do n't know what becouse\u00e9 means but it sure as hell made me cringe, 
  different context though . 
  also the level of engineering would tend to be lower in my opinion , while today it 's not only mechanics , it 's electrics , electronics , how all work together and so on . 
  were n't cyprus , greece and turkey all part of nato circa 1974 ? 
  not to insult you , but it 's because and not becouse . 
  we do like you tho , 
  seeing both dijkstra and eilhart in the same place does n't bode well ... 
  can confirm , parents were at the sea this morning in northern greece . 
  was n't too cold . 
  even though the comment to which you replied to was rather silly , i do agree with those not agreeing with you on this . 
  just for your info ( as told to me by a nato officer ) , generally a gun takes 10 years to be put in production from the moment it was first put on paper , tanks 10-20 , ships 20 or 30 and planes also 20 or 30 ( ca n't recall which ) . 
  it 's not what he said though ... 
  celts and germanics come from siberia or mongolia too if i recall well , which would mean the majority of europeans also come from there . 
  it 's ok , the whole mess is quite hard on the people and the economies so it 's only natural to be angered , especially with stuff like the 1200 leva per refugee story . 
  the greek state has been dealing with this shit for the past decade with negligible help , it was bound to happen . 
  what 's quite ridiculous is the fact the eu did n't help protect eu borders . 
  it 's a european problem , no ? 
  ah shit , forgot the ^ 2 in the division . 
  as per the article , the roof would cost 100k if the superficy was of 10k m ^ 2 , which is 2km by 5 . 
  there are not many small businesses that have such roofs so i think your comment is misinformed . 
  edit , it 's in feet , so it 's more like 3,3 square kilometers , which is still quite sizeable . 
  that may depend on whether or not the country or region took actions to have the label on that product . 
  does n't mean it 's terminal though . 
  i mean , popularity can dwindle for one and increase for the other , then the other which was thankfully under protection is n't reused by others , while otherwise they get the finger , like the dijon mustard , americans and others call picalily as dijon , which is preposterous . 
  what i meant is that it 's not just for the the french and is not bad , since it 's in the interest of europeans . 
  your comment seemed to go against that , or so did i understand it, 
  french farmer and whoever else has an appellation contr\u00f4l\u00e9e , ireland probably has some too , so does italy , spain , greece and others . 
  oh all-right . 
  i guess it does n't matter too much anyway , they seems to report an event/fact/happening , without the usual shit that i recall . 
  i 'm a bit out of the loop , but is n't zoogla.gr directed by triantafilopoulos ? 
  my memories of him are those of a person with a big mouth and not much consistence , is he still like that , and does zoogla still have the same `` direction '' ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_raft_of_the_medusa you may not appreciate some things , which is perfectly fine , but yelling that 's crap and the other is crap and you 're crap is not exactly fine ... 
  to be franck , the flair would have helped more on that me thinks . 
  edit : is it wrong ? 
  there was an agreement to which greece didnt participate about negating the german debt . 
  the greek state asks for reparations since the end of the civil war though , with a german chancellor saying there would be a settlement after reunification with east germany . 
  what 's funny is that the money asked was being asked since 1949 , for the amount of 200-400 . 
  a bit before the crisis, 
  on the immigration issue , before the crisis . 
  no , but i 'd call a nation the celts compared to the romans , the athenians and the spartans , the byzantines , the ottomans , the franks , the vikings and so on and so forth . 
  i 'm pretty skeptical on that . 
  i do n't see celts as the welcoming sort , especially if they saw legions of romans that wanted to settle on their lands . 
  as for nation states being a new concept , i 'd wager sparta and athens must 've been quite the loving sister cities , right ? 
  not at all the enemy gnawing at one another ... 
  bonus hipster points then !, 
  you do n't like it , i do n't like it , nobody likes it , nobody watches it !, 
  underground as fuck man !, 
  so the times between the settlement of the celts until today ? 
  hmmm ... 
  overwhelmed for the past 10 years , with barely any help ... 
  close enough !, 
  you 've insulted no one , i just never heard of that movie . 
  also , i 'm bi . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ binational, 
  why did you have to rub in the fact my cinematographic culture is shitty , why !? 
  you monster !, 
  * goes to the corner to cry *, 
  i 'm not from paris , only go there for roisy , but i was told the circulation became a lot better in the past 2 years , when a lot of rerouting was done . 
  before it was an absolute nightmare but now it 's pretty much bearable , or so they tell me . 
  at the base , nothing really , however if it means increase in coal energy output then it 's curing one problem by introducing one that 's twice as bad . 
  there 's also the example where german municipalities ( or was it regions ? ), 
  near the french border that repeatedly try to have the nuclear site nearby shut down , while a sizeable chunk of the country 's electricity is produced by such nuclear reactors . 
  if i recall well , which i probably do n't , france produces 89 % of its electricity by way of nuclear reactors while germany imports 30 % of its energy from france . 
  i hope that 's not `` code '' for reducing nuclear energy output ... 
  to be fair , he did fall off the wall for a living , not exactly creative :p, 
  he does n't disagree with you . 
  the monty python type ? 
  the article is so spot on it moved to asia and got a title written like an asian learning english for the first time ... 
  too soon or right on time !, 
  why not have southern italy come to greece ? 
  yellow cannons that go quack when you shoot them . 
  time for a new mod . 
  in any case , the expression is as it is . 
  i do n't but i hope . 
  you think jupp\u00e9 has more chances than sarko ?
