  i doubt that 's the big part of the problem . 
  the way i see i is this : two guys have two pieces of pie , one of them says give me some of your 's , with the other not agreeing . 
  both have their interests and both have the appropriate paper that gives legal reasons not to concede to the other 's demand , may that be air space or naval . 
  in any case that is a matter for a court to resolve and can not be shrugged off as x is right and y wrong because z reason . 
  doubt he can give more than a couple of anecdotal `` proof '' . 
  if they did it would be a casus belli , something the turkish have expreselly stated . 
  no , i mean roosters . 
  y' know , rooster fights . 
  completely pointless and the winner gets nothing of value . 
  no , then the greek/fyrom forces would literally worse than hitler , for the media at least, 
  that 's what i was getting at . 
  what can they do , put them in prison ? 
  it ca n't jappen since they 're assylum seekers . 
  the whole thing is a nightmare because you almost ca n't touch them . 
  the claims that only greece supposedly recognises are based on a un treaty , which many countries ratified and which turkey did n't , so many do recognise greece 's claim , but not turkey , which the most important . 
  more like back in the 90 's , but yeah , we have said this for the past 5 years , what 's next ? 
  what 's to be done to fix the mess ? 
  putting greece in an even shittier situation ? 
  i do n't think it 's laws , rather preferential treatment the courts have in certain cases , we have all heard the freak cases in the us , which seem to not be that scarce . 
  fuck man this is like watching two teens acting like cocks ... 
   turkey 's air space has been violated 114 separate times so far this year violations in general , turkish ** deep ** incursions/violations in greece number the 64 or 46 , i a n't recall . 
  i did n't read much of the article since i 'm rather tired but i 'll assume they do n't take into account contested areas , which could potentially be another source of `` violations '' . 
  additionally , turkish violations in 2014 were numbering in the 2200 , although the previous eyars it tended to be around the 500 or 600 , against 400-500 ( source was another comment on reddit ) the greeks did , either in 2014 or 2013 . 
  in any case , based on anecdotal evidence , even if turkey did , supposedly five times less deep incursions , say 10 , it would seem incredibly fishy to me since just for 3 weeks the past summer i witnessed five instances of turkish f-16 having a giggle over limnos island , well in the middle of it and a couple of times being chased by greek jets , so i doubt that the numbers are so low , considering all the other islands and mainland places where there may and probably have been such `` strolls '' . 
  in the end though it does n't bloody matter , the whole thing is used for political points to suit the governments , the us who supplies the arms ( and co ) and gives ultranationalists a semblance of an argument . 
  at least out air forces are the best trained in the world ... 
  source on that ? 
  do the greeks even do deep incursions ? 
  a country with next to null industry ca n't hope to recover with austerity , in my opinion , but i 'm not economist . 
  greece 's been told , by eu officials to not prevent the migrants from going their way , simply catalogue them/process them . 
  they do what they 're asked to do . 
  i do n't get the joke . 
  care to explain ? 
  [ andy irvine - kellswater ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxkgmnxvoqc ) a beautiful song , the instrument is an irish bouzouki , funny to see it go from greece/balkans to eire . 
  protip : if you want to have even the least of impact with whwat you say , try at least to not talk shit , it does n't end up being in your interest . 
  more like posting on tumblr pseudo philosophicool stuff . 
  on a scale of 0 to 10 how silly was that comment you replied to ? 
  is n't the b\u00f6rek sweet ? 
  i do n't recall . 
  does that mean communism makes you fly ? 
  liberating the people on the waves of freedom . 
  if i recall well , three subs , two of which are unavble to stay level and are at an 10-15 % or \u00b0 angle , making them unusable and for some reason the kiel makers wo n't fix them . 
  i know very little on this though , mostly greek propaganda so the germabs may be in the right there . 
  well , not for constantinople , that was eastern thrace . 
  would be nice to have some actions to lessen the harm done with the pogroms , at least when possible . 
  constantinople used to be very diverse but now not so much . 
  my `` narrative '' trumps the democratic rights of non cypriots , may they be greek or turkish . 
  no settler should vote in my opinion . 
  besides , turkish cypriots do n't like the turkish settlers either . 
  i think it 's more in relation with the coastline , which must be more populated and inlands where there are more lakes and woodlands . 
  well you must take into account that most europeans are nto very fodn of turkey , not becaus eof them beign muslims , not as much , but mostly because of all the history , denying genocides , invading others , acting a bit like the ottomans . 
  on a side note , in another place i read that since the start of the year turkey made 60 incursions in greece , deep inside the territory . 
  i do n't know how many the greek incursions are , but going far inlands is not the best way to be in good terms with neighbors , so the way they acted against the russian aircraft , after warning it many times and then calling erdogan to ask for permission to shoot it down ( all in 20 or so seconds ) seems to many as hypocritical . 
  it is not an attack against turkish people , but against the government , which is often seen as the aggressor and is often painted in that light , whether or not it is true . 
   you realize that beyond 12 miles is the international airspace , so every country , including turkey , has the right to go over that , right ? 
  i meant to talk about nautical borders , not airspace , apologies . 
  these borders ca n't be stretched out as a country sees fit , even if on the other side there 's only international waters . 
  well france did it and it was accepted , but in that case the next piece of land would be about 2000 miles away , impacting nobody . 
  funny how they keep not reading it right ... 
  the uk , a. 
  core nato member does n't have bases in russia though , which is the case of cyprus . 
  a reunification that effectively puts turks and turkish cypriots over the others , even if they are the minority . 
  i believe that argument to not be valid and a bit hypocritical . 
  that is ignoring all the times turkish planes magically appear over greek islands without being previously provoked . 
  you have your side and the greeks have their side but i heavily doubt either is right . 
  and by no means is either innocent or just a victim . 
  but both harass and taunt the other and at times the whole behaviour is in agreement with the brass , but not all of it partakes in this `` party '' . 
  edit : violating icao statuses while applying the un treaty . 
  in the end it boils down , i think , to the mere fact that greece has signed that treaty and that turkey has not . 
  no controversy there , either party applies the rules that suits it the most . 
  i heard also that there are rumors of turkey going over the 12 miles rule in the black sea , which would show once more that they apply rules as they see fit , just like everyone else . 
  by the same line of thinking the whole dardanelles should be demilitarized . 
  you go overboard , turkish jet that fly above greek islands , at times circling around them are not withing their boundaries , they are clearly inside the greek airspace . 
  the greeks do the same , most likely . 
  from what i raid the greek claims are in line with a un decree , so rhey are not unreasonable . 
  does n't ring a belle but i recall another one , where the pilot was `` fished '' bu a boat , in the 00 's or so , but as far as i recall a couple of greek planes were downed and a pilot died . 
  there was also a report of pilots not locking their cars in the parkings as to not oblige family to break the window in case they die , though that may be pure propaganda . 
  greece and turkey do the same to one another . 
  saying `` greece is doing the same '' is not the whole truth on its own especially since there is a dispute with the border . 
  there have been greek pilots and planes downed though . 
  i do n't know the specifics but i doubt it is as simple and a coordinated as just training to keep in shape . 
  it 's more like a side effect . 
  spending your summer in limnos , an island close to turkey you hear planes very often , every couple of summers you see two pairs chasing another two , or another time , four . 
  also heard warning shots , but that was many years ago , perhaps close to the imia crisis . 
  oh fuck off , both greece and turkey do it all the time , only that turkey seem to make five times more `` excursions '' . 
  if i recall correctly it is 2200 for 2015 against 400 or 500 . 
  greece has a reason , turkey has a reason but do n't act as if turkey ( or greece ) was entirely in the right , especially since the matter is not resolved . 
  they are british , if we were to contest that we may as well say fuck you to argentina and say the islands belong to france , which settled them first . 
  the argentinian name even sjows the connection with france , with saint-malo - malvinas . 
  a joke is funny the first million times , not after . 
  well the guy calked to prove his numbers was challenging somebody 's sayings , saying `` quit panicking '' therefore before saying anything else he must prove what he states . 
  both should but since he is in opposition he should start . 
  is that supposed to actually remind you of it in months ? 
  yes but arent thos just regular twats ? 
  white supremacists ? 
  you sure they are n't but . 
  minority on here and that you make more of a deal than they are ? 
  oh all-right . 
  did n't catch that , even though you wrote it . 
  i think the eu , or at least france , the uk , germany , spain and some others are pretty well over russia in terms of armament .
