  from a village or small town shop , resulting in the cops being called and her being bared from said shop . 
  there were then huge protests , with the gypsy camp nearby starting to destroy property . 
  it looked like a full blown riot like the ones in athens , with fires burning , makeshift barricades and stone or firebomb throwings . 
  it 's not like the turks came in huge hordes anihilating the whole of the local population . 
  just like the population in the uk for example has not deviated genetically that much from the original people that inhabited the island , the celts , romans , saxons , vikings , french , normans did n't change a lot of the genetic makeup . 
  probably larger populations . 
  every farmer near a city or a town will have something to say bout the gypsies that came and ravaged his field or sopething and we get at times reports on the tv about the the gypsies destroying the amenities put in place solely for them . 
  i do n't know if that 's justified , however i lived once at a `` sedentarised '' gypsy 's house once and the attitude of the people towards them was as good as for anyone else , thus , from anecdotal experience , i 'd say people dislike the gypsies mostly because of their life style , which can be seen , and has been at times , detripental to the country , infrastructures and so on . 
  something that happened once , a tgv was announced as delayed because the copper cables in a 2 km stretch of railway had been stolen . 
  my grandfather instantly said , `` damn gypsies '' and as it turns out it was gypsies , it 's almost a regular occurence . 
  ah shit , wrong target , terribly sorry !, 
  right , because we are such sexists ... 
  lotsa wanking , what 's the difference between drinking from a leffe glass or an orval ? 
  sure , for the ultra refined palate of an aficionado perhaps , but the general taste does n't magically appear . 
  well you seemed to accuse or attribute a certain mindset , which to my experience is not valid . 
  if you do n't like hearing greeks talking then i ca n't help you , i myself do n't like hearing italians because i dislike the language but i 'm not calling them out . 
  right , the glass does everything ... 
  i actually had orval twice , though the second time should n't count because there were deposits floating in the unopened bottle . 
  wonder how long it was in my grandfather 's cellar . 
  it had a fruity/nutty taste but it was n't very strong because it had aged . 
  if that bottle was fresh i might have liked but there was nothing in common with the first bottle i tried . 
  on an ongoing debate and controversy presenting the situation or the facts , trying to portray the points claimed by either side is not being politicaly correct , it 's being fair and trying to project as little bias as possible . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  you seemed to ask if english was as prevalent as in cyprus , which , even though greeks tend to be good with english , is not the case . 
  interstingly most greeks use this term , along with fyrom and skopje . 
  i wonder what that means , since the current environmental regulations require companies to find a way to reuse their waste , instead of it being stored . 
  the higher the percentage is reused ( and the higher the monetary benefit , if i recall well ) , the less are the taxes . 
  thus my question is what exactly they 'll do . 
  will they increase incentives ? 
  orval was rather generic but it was supermarket bought , in france , would there be a difference with one from a bar or i n belgium ? 
  they put the loon on the wall, 
  cyprus can into baltics ? 
  it 's probably not related , but there 's a tea called yunan which , if i recall well , comes from a region in east asia . 
  any link or not at all ? 
  well some people are not interested by specific cultures , it 's like not being interested in a particular book . 
  for example i 'm not into south american history . 
  yes , luke , that 's the one . 
  marcus ( markos ) could be , though i 've got no idea . 
  indeed , except for those like peter , which comes from the greek petros , stone . 
  there 's also another one but since knowing the names of all the apostles was n't a valuable knowledge i do n't recall . 
  oh , i 'm saving that comment and the answers right away !, 
  good ol' salem witch trials then . 
  estonian tears ? 
   anglophobia on the other side of the channel , half of the journalists around the block engage in the same , against the french and ither europeans . 
  welcome to the club mate !, 
  down on the right is an ak with the foot of its wielder , the red is a pool of blood and the owner of said blood . 
  his abdomen is also on the ground too . 
  is the image on the thumbnail real ? 
  very interesting indeed , thank you for that mention . 
  it misses a places that seems like imelhange or something of the sort . 
  i forgot the exact wording and it does n't appear in google maps , so it might be a very minor settlement , or simply a placename without anything of import . 
  it 's in the same place as gandrange and the other similar names . 
  i see . 
  so far there are three different opinions , yours , one that signifies a settlement built on top of a sand deposit in a wetland and he third being that it is a suffix coming from the roman - iacium , meaning a settlement , villa or farmland . 
  the first and third can be of similar origin , no ? 
  as for the link you provided , it 's very interesting , though it misses some places which i saw when going to florange . 
  could there be a link with the french word \u00e9teng which would mean pond , marsh or bog ? 
  i see . 
  this is very interesting because places in france and potentially other countries that have the suffix - y , - sy or - cy are indicators of gallo-roman villas , such as taissy , moncy , atigny and so on . 
  there are many places , from the champagne region to the netherlands with names finishing in - ange , such as bourtange ( second pic ) , hagondage , florange , gandrange and so on . 
  anybody knows what that suffix means ? 
   since when are political parties characterised by some of the nutters who vote for them ? 
  particularly when the leaders publicly denounce and expel such people from their organisations and do n't have nazi policies . 
  jean-marie le pen held racist opinions for the better part of this past half century . 
  he was the founder and the leader of the fn since its creation and up until 2010 or so . 
  it is thus a very valid concern for oneself to have regarding the true ideology behind said party , potentially regarding the newfound `` lightening '' of its extreme character as only a way to gather more votes . 
  however , i do not say the fn is a bunch of racists and nazis , i 'm saying , along with many others , that the past of the fn was very close to those groups and might still covertly be . 
  it does n't mean that fn voters are racists or nazis , it never did , except for some extreme left cretins . 
   of course , the same people who bang on about how nazi bigot racist everything is are the first to make excuses for ideologies and organisations that produce and are associated with actual racism , mayhem and murder . 
  essentially , from the previous phrases , you say that one must not generalise based on some extreme elements , especially since the base party denies any wrongdoing . 
  one can then do the exact same thing for extreme left elements and paint the entire left as being a bunch of extremists , which is more or less what you say people do against the fn . 
  classic case of `` no u '' `` no , u ! '', 
  first clip is not trump 's fault , its the speaker 's fault or whatever . 
  the funny thing is in the comments , one from  smoothiefreak : `` but the right 's not racist ! '', 
  come on now . 
  if it duckwalks like a nazi and heils like a nazi ... . 
  this is what 's the problem in the usa . 
  the right is racist and the left is good . 
  absolutely no nuance and it poisons european politics , as we now start to apply the same rules of us politics to our own , which is not representative of the reality . 
  these simplistic warped views are common not only against the right but also against the left in right-wing circles , as one can see in other subreddits like / r/the _ donald or bars in `` right-wing '' held areas in france . 
  that 's because opinions are polarised and there are only two sides , which is not correct . 
  anyway , the speaker seems to have the same type of discourse as jean-marie le pen had , or perhaps still has . 
  funnily enough he speaks like a true politician , the ones he despises . 
  as for the second video , i do n't really see your point , it 's just an usual riot between twats wanting to break things and the police . 
  it is unremarkable in the same way a terrorist attack in kabul with 50 dead is unremarkable , which means that it is not unremarkable as you say but it is such a regular occurrence that it surprises nobody . 
  is your point that people do n't react to the riots but they react to extreme right-wing discourse ? 
  how ? 
  i often hear about clashes between various rioting groups , usually antifa against various right-wing groups , just like there are protests against extreme politicians that become well known through the media . 
  does the media portray extremists from the right more ? 
  potentially , though there may also be more of them compared to those from the right . 
  after all , communism pretty much died down , is at the minimum , while anarchists are n't really that mainstream . 
  is it a fact though ? 
  as for the statement , i meant its tone , rather than its content , which could be seen as denigrating towards the person you replied to , something that could warrant being ignored and downvoted because it changes the character of the comment from an argument to a personal attack . 
   and , i 'm pretty sure they are not the bulk of the 30 % voting for le pen and neither are them the base the fn is trying to appeal to ... well that 's most likely trrue , i do not know exactly how many there are but do indeed doubt they are at the 30 % of the entire populace , or even 3 % . 
   neither are them the base the fn is trying to appeal to . 
  it 's not in the past 4 or so years , because the fn seems to want to distance itself from them but i doubt the links are severed , nor are they going to vote for somebody else . 
   so painting a le pen presidency as the third reich is quite disingenuous . 
  / u/standy85 's comment seemed to argue that all her followers are nazi sympathizers and so on , however / u/gwengwengwen seemed to argue the complete opposite , that there are no such elements in the voterbase of the fn , which is false , either today or historically , since extreme elements were the base of the foundation of the fn . 
  i also never painted le pen as hitler : the sequel , nor did i say she was racist , a nazi , a murderer or whatever . 
  well you instantly take that mocking tone i referenced earlier and then instantly go on about downvotes , as if you were justified in your original statement and being punished .
