  one thing to note , voter turnout was 51.1 % . 
  fortunately this does n't mean 10 % of dresden 's population allowed to vote would give their vote to pegida , but about 5 % * did * . 
  still to much , but it sounds a little bit better . 
  also interesting , the highest results for their candidate ( slightly above 20 % ) were achieved in one of the most ` problematic ' quarters of dresden ( called prohlis ) . 
  we do n't really have ghettos , but this quarter has the cheapest flats and therefore attracts the poorest , and often unemployed , people . 
  of course those are unhappy and tend to be attracted by more extreme positions , who blame their misery on other groups and promise change . 
  this quarter also attracts the least integrated and wealthy immigrants as well , so there are also conflicts between unhappy germans and poor immigrants . 
  i made some additions to my previous comment , just for you to know . 
  yeah , spain went through a lot of different political and economical systems in the past . 
  you went from a monarchy to a ( short ) anarchy , a fascist dictatorship and democracy ( i would call it a democracy , compared to the past ) within less than 100 years or about 4 generations . 
  that 's a lot of change for the * people * living in the country , and change is always difficult ( even if it is change for the better ; because , as i said , perception of the past is heavily skewed ) . 
  yes , i was in seville for erasmus and it was an amazing year . 
  i love the city and the way of life . 
  very different from the ` serious ' and ` planned ' way of life in germany . 
  but both countries and societies have their pros and cons . 
  i could imagine to return to spain for work some day , but i also like living in germany as well . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i 'm german and i only lived in spain ( in seville ) for one year . 
  i know of the ` nazi equivalent ' , since man nazi officials still played a major role in the new foundations of the german army , police and politics . 
  also the german government still denies reparation payments to some countries and acknowledgement of several war crimes ( it was easier for ` germany ' to acknowledge crimes and persecute people of the gdr after 1989 than nazis and their crimes after 1945 till today ) . 
  so yes , we are in a similar situation ( edit , maybe not exactly , since we do n't have hitler monuments ) . 
  but compared to nazi germany , even the germany of the 1950 's , and especially the germany of today , are much more democratic , and i think the same is true about spain . 
  it 's not perfect and it wo n't be for many years , but hopefully change and acknowledgement is still happening . 
  edit : unfortunately , there is a lot of nostalgia among the people . 
  people who lived in the quasi-dictatorship of the gdr , under mass-surveillance from the stasi and persecution of political opposition , nowadays romanticize the ` good old days ' . 
  because ( as it is typical for the human perception ) positive emotions last much longer and are evaluated much stronger than negative ones . 
  so all the bad stuff of the past has already vanished from the minds of the people and they only remember the few positive things . 
  unfortunately , this is very typical and happens to all of us . 
  i 'll be willing to admit that i 'm wrong , so please explain a bit further . 
  the dictatorship of franco ended in 1975 , so spain was ` already ' democratic in the 80s . 
  you do n't know me . 
  i work with refugees and initiatives to try to improve their situation and understanding of their situation by the population . 
  i * give * . 
  but not everyone is able to change a nation , not every nation can be changed right now . 
  if you 're part of a minority that is discriminated by the majority of the population * and * the government , there is n't much you can do . 
  sacrifice yourself and your family ? 
  you speak easy because you 're living a comfortable life a western country . 
  have you ever talked to refugees and have been told what they fled from ? 
  i guess not . 
  also please tell this to the people who were incarcerated , tortured or shot for opposing the government ( both nazi germany and the gdr ) . 
  if that discrimination majorly impacts on my quality of life and security ( as it was for them ) and not even the police is willing/able o protect me ? 
  sure as hell !, 
  why would i stay in a country ` that hates me ' and where my life is miserable/dangerous ? 
  i do n't care about where my ancestors found a good place to live , i care about where i ( and my family ) can find a good place to live . 
  countries change , so why connect with something like that ? 
  my ` ancestral homeland ' was nazi germany and later the quasi-soviet gdr ( east germany ) , both countries/systems with heavy discrimination , suppression and people fleeing from them ... and by the way , the threats they faced came from the people , not the government or a foreign aggressor . 
  their ` ancestral homeland ' turned against them . 
  you 're making it yourself far to easy . 
  i know a refugee in germany , who got a ` bundesverdienstkreuz ' for her work in germany . 
  she has a disabled son and had to flee with her son and husband to protect her son . 
  before she fled to germany , she fled to different parts of iraq , but her family faced the same discrimination everywhere . 
  i know this is anecdotal evidence , but what do you expect those people to do ? 
  ignore discrimination ? 
  move every two weeks to another place ? 
  how are they supposed to change the situation in their country ? 
  thanks for calling me out . 
  based on the title op chose and the label on the graphic , at first i * thought * they made a mistake . 
  later i realized that they might have chosen gdp deliberately . 
  maybe they explained it in the article , but i have n't read it . 
  sorry , i meant the graphic does n't use tax revenue , as it is used by the k\u00f6nigsteiner schl\u00fcssel , but gdp . 
  wrong might have been a bad choice of a word , i should have said they did n't exactly used the k\u00f6nigsteiner schl\u00fcssel . 
  i do n't know the implications of using gdp instead of tax revenue , it might be better suited for different countries , since taxation is very similar/the same across german states , while it is n't across different countries in the eu . 
  just to be clear , i do n't see asylum seekers as a burden , but more as a responsibility for ` us ' ( as the western world ) , because ` we ' are directly or indirectly responsible for many of the conflicts , benefit from those conflicts through weapon exports ( i 'm looking at you , germany ) and other industrial goods and other reasons . 
  but i do n't want to drift into political discussions right now , i wanted to prevent confusion about what the ` k\u00f6nigstein quota system ' is and where it applies . 
  the reason measuring it by the tax revenue ( within germany ) means that states with more money are responsibility to take care of more asylum seekers and states with less money of less asylum seekers . 
  it works within germany because tax rates are similar/the same between states and also most prices are universal ( except for housing and labor , but asylum seekers ` get ' amazingly little laborers for help ) , so an asylum seeker ` costs ' more or less the same to the ` rich ' state bavaria as one ` costs ' to the poor state of brandenburg . 
  within the eu , it is more complicated . 
  there are big differences in prices between countries . 
  it it far ` cheaper ' to support an asylum seeker in romania than it is in the uk , but also differs quality of life for asylum seekers and the support they can get ( for example , asylum seekers get about 30 $ / month allowance in romania , while they get about 140 $ / month allowance in germany ) . 
  tax rates differ between countries based on how ` socialist ' they are . 
  i think ( do n't quote me on this ) there is a general trend that tax rates are lower in southern europe and higher in northern europe with an increase of welfare programs . 
  it is difficult to judge how this should be counted , so maybe other things should be included . 
  but generally , more welfare means more/easier support for asylum seekers . 
  but of course it also means the public could consider asylum seekers/refugees as ` leeches ' that want to feed of the welfare system ( very popular argument here in germany , and very untrue ) . 
  * the 25th annual d\u00f6ner games . 
  may the kebab be ever in your favor . 
  * hope our government does n't read this ... 
  yeah , that might be the plan . 
  but i feel this could end up like hunger games . 
  * only the strongest refugees can live in germany *, 
  really ? 
  i did n't knew that . 
  why , to put them as far away from civilization and the public recognition as possible ? 
  but hey , they have a nice landscape , so they 've got that going for them ... and yeah , your username checks out , 
  i think * asylum seekers * should go into more densely populated areas ( but not necessarily into the most densely populated areas ) , because there is more infrastructure to support than and more incentive to include them . 
  we have asylum seeker camps in germany in the middle of nowhere , the nearest store is kilometers away , hostility against the asylum seekers in the close minded rural populations is big and they are stuck around each other , which can lead to additional conflicts . 
  it is understandable that there can be conflicts between asylum seekers when so many different religions and ethnic groups are crammed together in a small camp without counselling and much help . 
  and since they 're often not allowed to move further than a few kilometers away from the camp ( depending on the state in germany , often something like 30 - 50 km ) they can not always reach a bigger city to buy stuff they need , get around with other people and find stuff to do ( those people are bored as hell because they ca n't do anything but wait and hope for their application to be decided ) . 
  they can not easily go to a doctor when they or their children get sick . 
  they have to travel to the nearest foreigners ' registration office ( usually located in bigger cities or state capitals ) , get a permit to visit a doctor ( which is only granted in a case of emergency ) , and then go to the doctor . 
  if it is a case of emergency , those long travel and waiting times within rural regions can be very harmful for the people ( from rural regions , buses sometimes only go twice a day to the next big city , and the next bus stop could be hours of walking away ) . 
  when they get the status of a refugee , i agree there should be an incentive for them to move to underpopulated rural regions where workers * and * diversity are needed . 
  edit : some addition, 
  you 're welcome . 
  i agree , putting ` fair ' in the title is already a bias based on a political/social view . 
  it can definitely be considered unfair by other political views . 
  it is the same with the objection against a transfer union in the eu . 
  why should countries with successful economies be ` punished ' for countries with less successful economies ( typical argument , not necessarily one i agree with ) . 
  we have the same discussion within germany about the transfer union between the states , especially those states who pay more and receive less want to abolish it , while the receiving states want to keep it ( obviously ) . 
  and it is the same within the eu .
