`` deutschland den deutschen '' is only the first half of a typical neo-nazi chant . 
  the full chant is `` deutschland den deutschen , ausl\u00e4nder raus '' ( `` germany for germans , foreigners leave '' ) . 
  and by foreigners they mean everyone who does n't fit their `` real german '' ( or aryan ) expectation . 
  basically everyone who does n't have a long line of purely german ancestors is considered a foreigner and should leave the country . 
  even people who were born in the third generation in germany are foreigners , just because they look `` turkish '' ( does n't matter if their ancestors came from turkey as guestworkers or somewhere else ) . 
  so yes , it is strongly connected to neo-nazis and means at the the displacement of everyone considered foreign ... 
  the island is in a lake , not the sea , so the water would be more calm . 
  you are implying that all of them would burn their passports and never intend to go back . 
  that is not true . 
  most of the refugees i talked to want to go back as soon as possible . 
  most of them still have family somewhere around there . 
  some * do * burn their passports , but because they are afraid that they will be send back immediately , it does n't mean they do it to stay here infinitely . 
  the refugees are desperate any many are risking their lives . 
  not all rebuilders are able to fight . 
  not all rebuilders are staying in turkey . 
  many rebuilders are staying in european countries and many more countries . 
  you are wrongfully generalizing . 
  and that is the biggest issue we have right now . 
  too many people generalize from the actions and intentions of few and therefore misunderstand and oppose the majority of the refugees . 
  edit : have you ever talked to refugees ? 
  asked why they are here ? 
  if they want to stay ? 
  if they have family somewhere else ? 
  or are you just assuming all this because someone said so ? 
  i disagree . 
  those first neighboring countries already have taken some million refugees and ca n't provide/guarantee survivable conditions . 
  also it is more likely for the same conflict to arrive at those places as well . 
  to me it is legitimate to continue moving to a country where chances of your survival and safety are substantially higher . 
  people do n't risk their lives and pay all the money they have left to feed off ` rich ' western countries . 
  they do so because they are desperate . 
  you have to remember , many of the refugees were regular working people with families before the war started who have lost everything they had . 
  i also think sharing the ` load ' strategically over as many places as possible helps to minimize the impact and to improve the situation of the refugees . 
  yeah , that argument gets thrown around pretty often , which still does n't make it true . 
  most syrians , for example , flee from a country that is in a civil war where the people struggle to feed themselves and their family and provide a roof above their heads and safety . 
  if you call those things a higher standards of living , then you are right . 
  i call those things essential . 
  oh , and by the way , [ far more refugees flee within syria or stay at non european countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war ) than those that arrive at europe . 
  so much about `` most of them want western standards of living '', 
  yes , we should help them restore peace and livable conditions in their home country . 
  i think it is our responsibility as the first world , since we are , at least partially , responsible for the situations in those countries through our past actions of colonialism and political and economical influence/exploitation . 
  but sending those who arrive here back does n't help anything . 
  neither does it help those people nor improves it the situation in their home country . 
  it is not an either/or , we should/can do both . 
  often people claim that is their own fault for being in that situation and that the first world was n't responsible for it and so we do n't have to care . 
  i disagree with that . 
  you 're right . 
   just sent back to where they came from where they will die because of war , terrorism or starvation . 
  great solution, 
  nope . 
  those attacks do not prove or show that there is a refugee crisis . 
  those attacks only show that there is a right wing terrorism crisis . 
  you can only apply for asylum * on * european ground . 
  therefore , those asylum seekers first have to come to europe to apply for asylum , and if they are not considered refugees , will be send back . 
  so you ca n't legally apply for asylum when you 're outside of europe . 
  closing our borders means no one can apply for asylum in europe legally . 
  and this would collide with our human rights conventions . 
  yes , the residents of the tent camp in dresden are asylum seekers . 
  which gives them the right to remain here until their status is determined . 
  does that make a difference ? 
  those people are even less able to change the political course . 
  scaring someone is * not * the purpose of a protest in my view ( so maybe we disagree there ) . 
  the purpose of a protest is to show people that there is something going on you do n't like and to convince people of following your political opinion and help to change something ( usually by vote ) or to show politicians directly that you disagree with the current course and they should recognize your opinion and act accordingly . 
  by scaring people , you will only change the actions of very few people ( usually ) with little political influence or power . 
  by voicing your opinion publicly , you can attract follower and influence politics . 
  so imho , protest should disturb , but not hurt or scare . 
  protest should make people * think * about the issue , find their own opinion and act on it . 
  i 'm speaking from my experience as a resident of dresden right now , those people who recently assembled in front of the camps in dresden are there to scare and attack refugees and the counter protests . 
  those were * real * extremists . 
  and this has absolutely 0 political use and influence . 
  so what is the use of protesting there , the refugees ca n't vote and most of them do n't even understand what you are saying . 
  they * ca n't * change the political situation . 
  why do you repeat your points and make jokes on my arguments , instead of answering why it would n't be more useful to protest somewhere , where your voice is heard and understood ? 
  to change something , you need influence and follower to vote different the next time . 
  protesting and attacking refugee camps wo n't give you either . 
  it just weakens your position and makes you look like ` extremist idiots ' . 
  no , i do n't get it . 
  what is the intent of your protest ? 
  to annoy people who , themselves , ca n't change anything on the situation you do n't like ? 
  or rather protest where voters can see you , hear your arguments , support your cause , or protest in front of government buildings where politicians can hear your arguments and your voices ? 
  what are refugees , who just came to germany , able to change on the * political * situation regarding refugees , immigration and asylum in germany ? 
  protesting * in front * of a refugee camp does n't help anyone , not even the protesters . 
  it only disturbs and stresses the refugees . 
  the police does n't want to ban protest against refugees in general , only in front of camps , where the only intent of those protests is to scare the refugees and show them that they ` are not welcome ' . 
  if you want to protest against refugees , do it somewhere where many other people ( voter ! ), 
  can see you , to decide to support your cause , or in front of the city hall where politicians can recognize the protest and hear your voices . 
  and so far , a small minority of people rally against refugees in germany , not the majority . 
  so why should the government follow the ( apparent ) opinion of a minority ? 
  yep . 
  and as much as i disagree with the pegida movement , at least they tried the political route . 
  they set up their own candidate for the mayor elections in dresden few months ago . 
  their candidate ` only ' got 10 % of the votes , which showed that the minority of people in dresden share their opinion . 
  but , officially , they never considered violence and fear being a useful mean to get more supporters . 
  i was there , on the other side of the protest ( pro tolerance ) . 
  those extremists threw stones , bottles , street signs and very strong firecrackers at us . 
  they tried to break through the police line several times to fight us . 
  it was frightening and dangerous . 
  three people got injured by them . 
  leaving the location was dangerous because groups of them tried to intercept us , one guy even tried to run me over with his car . 
  their goal was not to demonstrate against refugees , their goal was not to actively solve a problem , but ultimately to fight and hurt other people . 
  there is absolutely nothing good about them , because they really are extremists and not only ` concerned ' citizen .
