  interestingly , it is not a ` moral ridden youth ' against bullfighting versus the ` traditional elders ' for bullfighting thing , it splits all ages , genders and groups . 
  i heard a lot of arguments from both sides and decided that i have to watch at least one fight to prove ( or disprove ) my opinion . 
  for those who do n't know , in spain bullfights go like this ( crude description ahead ) : before the fight bulls are somewhat tortured to enrage them . 
  at the first stage of the fight , the matador on foot and some ` helper ' ( picadores ) on horses chase the bull around . 
  the matador does his ` dance ' with the cloth and the bull while the picadores try to hit the bull in the neck with spears to weaken him through pain and bleeding . 
  this stage shows the ` fighting spirit ' of he bull and lets the matador ` read ' the bull . 
  at the second stage , the matador still has ` helper ' ( banderilleros ) , who try to place 3 shorter spears in the neck of the bull ( those are meant to stay in place ) to further weaken him . 
  in the last phase only the matador , armed with an \u00c9p\u00e9e , and the bull ( already severely hurt ) remain in the arena . 
  the matador ` plays ' with the bull until the bull is weak enough so that the matador can kill the bull by piercing his heart from the front . 
  i watched a ` trainee ' match , which means the matadores ( i think one of them was a woman ) were n't very experienced and it took each of them several tries for the final blow , furthermore torturing the bull . 
  the first fight was ` interesting ' to see , but the other two were basically the same and ` boring ' ( i ca n't find a better word ) . 
  after that , i still oppose bullfights . 
  it is pure torture , from the beginning to the end , for the bull and the ` merciful ' kill at the end does n't help much . 
  i 'm not much of a conservative , and therefore i believe not all traditions are worth keeping . 
  this one is not . 
  edit : typos, 
  yes , ` luftmacht ' does not exist in german , but people would be able to understand what it means . 
  ` luftwaffe ' is more the actual name of the * german * air force . 
  air force in general is ` luftstreitkr\u00e4fte ' ( official term used , for example , by bundeswehr ) and means ` air fighting force ', 
  oh , sorry , i did n't got this joke because sometimes this sub seems to be rather right-winged , which makes me sad . 
  i visited/lived in other countries in europe than my home country and in all of them i felt like a european , not like a foreigner ( despite having different languages , but i like speaking/trying different languages ; and having different currencies [ in east europe ] ) . 
  so i do n't feel like a ` german ' , but like a european . 
  i knew i would get down-votes ... 
  but i think common interests , common politics and a common economy is better for europe than separate countries that each do their own thing . 
  if you think i want to ` germanize ' everything , you are wrong . 
  i 'm rather left-ish than right ( i live in dresden and i despise tendencies like pegida ) . 
  but it seems that is n't the most popular political view here in / r/europe, 
  what are you scared about ? 
  has the euro so far destroyed individual languages or the culture of the countries ? 
  are current differences so big to justify borders ? 
  most regions in germany that border other countries share their habits and culture with those countries ... edit : corrected a misplaced ` and ', 
  what are national identities in the historical context of europe ? 
  especially in central europe borders were drawn arbitrarily separating similar ethical groups . 
  bohemians exist in germany and the czech republic , prussians exist in germany and poland , bavarians and austrians have similar culture , alsacians are half french , half german , frisians are cross country . 
  our current borders separate similar groups more than they share within one country . 
  and boiling it down to the stance on immigration shows you 're more interested in closed borders on the outside than within european countries also , what is more important , the benefit of an individual , ` large ' and diverse country like germany , france or spain compared to the benefit of a more localized region with a common interest ? 
  honest question here , i would like to understand what made you decide to become a missionary and try to convince others to share your believe ? 
  i 'm an agnostic atheist , but i absolutely do n't care what other people believe in or not believe in , as long as it does n't inflict to much with my own life . 
  therefore i do n't see any reason ( for me ) to try to convince others to stop believing . 
  i 'm interested in discussions about religions and atheism , not to convince others , but to understand the other persons point of view better and challenge my own point of view . 
  no flaming or hating intended !, 
  the word ` vase ' is derived from the latin word ` vasis ' , therefore it is a loan word as well and the pronunciation of the v is different . 
  you 're right . 
  according to wikipedia it is possible that the spelling once was changed from using ` u 's to using ` v 's to look latin . 
  so even back then people changed the spelling of names to make them more cool ... 
  yes . 
  i tried to find a word where the v is n't pronounced like the f and i have n't found one so far . 
  except for loan words , of course . 
  in the word ` vagabund ' it is pronounced like a german ( or english w ) , but this is a loan word from french . 
  or shazam , which i did n't even knew before asking google ... 
  soundcloud ? 
  jeri ryan ( seven of nine in star trek : voyager ) , levar burton ( geordi la forge in star trek : the next generation ) and martin lawrence were born in germany . 
   sandra bullock was born in germany . 
  nope . 
  her father was a u.s. american soldier stationed in nuremberg where he met his german wife . 
  both moved to arlington , virginia where sandra bullock was born . 
  so she has a american father , german mother but was born in the u.s. 
  transport tycoon ( and all of it 's variants ) and kerbal space program . 
  typical ` i 'll only do this small thing next - damn , why is the sun rising already ? ', 
  games, 
  just for you to know , the correct spelling is ` per se ' , not ` per say ' . 
  it has a latin origin ( se means itself , per means by or through ) it 's a common mistake . 
  totally agree . 
  while it is fun and fits my political views , it 's not exactly trustworthy and maybe slightly biased . 
  slightly edit : fixed a typo, 
  this data seems to come from the [ small arms survey of 2007 ] ( http://www.smallarmssurvey.org/publications/by-type/yearbook/small-arms-survey-2007.html ) . 
  according to [ this table ] ( http://www.smallarmssurvey.org/fileadmin/docs/a-yearbook/2007/en/small-arms-survey-2007-chapter-02-annexe-4-en.pdf ) the data is an estimate ( the table gives both a low estimate and a high estimate ) of total civillian gun ownership . 
  in case of germany , for example , the estimates are 20 million and 30 million guns with * 7.2 million registered guns * . 
  so this data seems to include both * legal and illegal * possession of firearms ( small arms ) . 
  not sure about that . 
  in oct 2015 , there were 5.79 million firearms in legal possession by private persons and clubs in germany . 
  that would amount to 7.26 weapons per 100 people . 
  this map shows 30.3 guns per 100 people according to the small arms survey . 
  so either this includes illegal possession or also guns possessed by private and/or public entities ( government agencies , police forces , armed forces , private companies like security services ) . 
  ** edit : ** the small firearms survey of 2007 , where this data comes from , claims there where between 20.000.000 and 30.000.000 firearms in civilian ownership with 7.200.000 registered firearms . 
  ** so these numbers are an estimate of total civilian gun ownership , both legal and illegal . 
  ** ( [ the table ] ( http://www.smallarmssurvey.org/fileadmin/docs/a-yearbook/2007/en/small-arms-survey-2007-chapter-02-annexe-4-en.pdf ) even says low estimate and high estimate ) as a note , the number of registered guns in 2015 ( 5.79 million ) was lower than this number from 2007 , but increased since 2013 ( 5.4 million ) . 
  i could n't find official numbers for 2007 but it is strange that there were about 20 % more firearms registered in 2007 than in 2015 . 
  why does a hungarian bus has german text inside ? 
  did austria retake hungary and i missed it ? 
  sure , but i think there is a big difference between releasing information about a suspect , where guilt has n't been proven yet , and a convicted criminal . 
  everyone can become a suspect just by being at the wrong place at the wrong time and roughly matching a description . 
  if i ever become a suspect of a crime i did n't do , i do n't want my name or identification to be released . 
  but is it necessary to know information to identify a suspect if that suspect is already in custody and the case is being investigated ? 
  i mean if the police is searching for the suspect and asking the public to help , sure , they have to release as much information as possible to find the suspect . 
  but if they already have them , there is no need to release identifying information , especially when guilt has n't been proven yet . 
  it 's the same reason why it is a dangerous idea to release the name or identifying information about a suspect in rape accusations , because even if it turns out the suspect is innocent , his/her life will be ruined because people automatically assume guilt . 
  edit : thanks for just down voting instead of answering and having a discussion ... 
  one big difference of the shelf style toilet is that you do n't get hit by splashing poop and piss water when dropping a turd . 
  but this toilet style becomes less and less common in germany . 
  oh there is protest and some people care , but it is all `` covered up '' by concerns about terrorism and by the daily reports about the refugee situation . 
  in most media the new law was just a footnote or something on page 12 . 
  people in germany generally trust their government to act in their interests , and when the government says this law will prevent acts of terrorism and crimes , people seem to accept that . 
  it is the old `` but i have nothing to hide '' all over again . 
  as i said , not sharing stuff on social media is n't only about not giving governments or companies access to your personal information , but the public in general . 
  that was one of the reasons for that unified ( and boring looking ) building style . 
  you have less work to do on site but simply transport the prefabs to the construction site when they are needed , while new ones are produced in factories . 
  this made it easier , cheaper and faster to build a lot of living space , especially since a lot of living space was destroyed or damaged after wwii . 
  also having all those buildings looking very similar and offering the same living standard was part of the communist idea . 
  everyone gets the same regardless of their job so that people are n't envious .
