  those are the people who set buildings on fire , not caring whether there are people inside or not . 
  if they want to ` solve a problem ' , violence against people with different opinions or refugees wont do anything but further weaken their position . 
  if they want to change something , then they have to get political , not violent . 
  do you seriously believe in a free and unregulated market the price for living space would be lower ? 
  there is always a demand , landlords can push the prices up , people will still pay . 
  instead , prices for ` safe ' buildings will climb even further , because there is a higher demand and those are now a ` premium ' product . 
  the only people benefiting from such a system are landlords . 
  the loosers are everyone else . 
  those are the leading causes because food poisoning and deadly accidents are fairly low , because of existing regulations . 
   who would live in an structural unsound building if he could afford otherwise ? 
  exactly what i said , but there are enough poor people who would * have to * live in those buildings . 
  do you really expect the prices of safer buildings would go down ? 
  once again , the only goods they could afford would be those who would further harm then , making the the poor less employable and even more poor . 
  i find it strange that you believe giving the poor unhealthy , unregulated goods is better than protecting the people . 
  eating in a restaurant where the staff does n't need to wash hands , or living in a building that is not structurally sound or that does not have sanitary plumbing is a much bigger health risk than eating unhealthy ( but regulated food ) or drinking alcohol . 
  this argument is valid , because it will affect those most who ca n't afford living healthier/safer , and it will affect their work performance and income . 
  you are not convincing me that my arguments are wrong and that your personal freedom of living unhealthy/unsafe is more important than protecting those through regulation who ca n't choose . 
  the only goods that would be come more affordable for the poor would be those that pose serious health risks . 
  because all those people who get sick by living unhealthier ( = cheaper ) or get into accidents because of a lack of regulation will put a further burden onto our health care systems and public health insurances . 
  those people will miss out work days and will be laid off from work , making them more poor and dependent on welfare . 
  at the end , it will only further increase the divide between the poor and the rich , because the rich can afford to live healthy , while the poor ca n't and will become more poor . 
  this is not desirable for a society . 
  it 's not about your personal ` freedom ' of living unhealthy or dangerous , it is about protecting those who ca n't afford or do n't know better . 
  i know it is , i also mentioned it to another reply to my comment . 
  if you wish i can add it to the other comment as well ... 
  but * hugely * unpopular depends a lot on whether you are in a giving or receiving state , of course . 
  i agree , with all the current hostility and accusations in media and the general public , non of the ` wealthy ' countries would be willing to create a transfer union . 
  this would be political suicide . 
  it could only happen at times without a crisis , so that the ` negative ' impact on the wealthy countries is less obvious . 
  but hey , even within germany we have strong opposition against the transfer union ( especially from the states that ` give ' most money ) and we still have the wall ` inside our heads ' regarding east german and west german people . 
  we have/had a similar situation within germany after the reunion and the deutsche mark . 
  after the reunion , the east german states were far behind in economical strength and the state of their infrastructure . 
  but instead of just using a shared currency ( which would have lead to a complete ` brain drain ' and a desolation of the east german states ) , a transfer union was created . 
  wealthier states pay money into a shared pot that less wealthy states can use for projects , like infrastructure , education , industrial growth and so on . 
  in the last 25 years , the situation of the east german states has improved a lot , but they still are behind the west german states ( especially southern states like bavaria ) . 
  i do n't think a shared currency without some kind of transfer union can work with the differences in economic strength we have in europe . 
  but even with a transfer union , the transformation and equalization of economic strength will be very slow . 
  ** edit ** : as others mentioned , of course the german transfer union is n't popular with everyone either . 
  especially the wealthier states that ` give ' more money oppose it , while the receiving states see it as necessary . 
  it is to note that not only east german states receive money though , but west german states as well . 
  but it definitely had/has positive effects on the economical situation of the receiving states . 
  i see . 
  so not necessarily related to the dublin regulation . 
  by the way , in 2014 202.834 asylum applications were made in germany , 128.911 were decided ( not necessarily from the same period , some of the decisions are made on applications from previous years ) . 
  out of the 128.911 , 40.563 were accepted , 43.018 were denied because a persecution could be found , and 45.330 were denied because of the dublin resolution ( those are n't checked whether the refugees are actually persecuted , but simply denied because they first registered in another country in the eu and they have to return to this country and there they can apply for asylum again ) . 
  some claim , based on those numbers , that 2/3 of refugees are n't persecuted in their home country , but it only means they legally can not apply for asylum in germany . 
  of all applications made in germany according to the law ( not violating the dublin resolution ) , 48.3 % are accepted . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i could n't see what the numbers you showed say exactly ( number of immigrants , number of asylum applications ? 
  ) , i edited my post to explain the numbers i 've linked because the source is in german . 
  [ numbers from 2014 . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6751783/3-20032015-bp-de.pdf ) hungary is second with 4.3 % after sweden with 8.4 % , germany is 6th with 2.5 % . 
  ( number of asylum applications per 1000 people , source in german ), 
  i know , but not by population nor by economical strength , so using the total number is rather misleading and problematic . 
  a tiny country like liechtenstein will never be able to house as much refugees as the largest country in the eu . 
  we have to find a better solution , and i really hope we 're working on it ( and not just trying to close borders ) . 
  and germany was just one example . 
  distribution of refugees is currently highly unfair . 
   but hungary 's approach - is just short term & sticking your head in the sand . 
  i disagree . 
  hungary 's approach prevents other , more central countries ( like germany ) from sticking their head in the sand . 
  countries like germany simply can not leave ` exposed ' countries like hungary , greece and italy alone with supporting and managing refugees and then being pissed that those countries have a lacking economy . 
  it simply does n't work that we only choose to share things that are beneficial around the eu , but leave countries alone with things that clearly do n't work . 
  so we either find a way to distribute refugees on a fair manner around the whole eu , or build a 30ft , impenetrable wall around the whole eu and call it ` not our problem ' ( collectively sticking the head in the sand ) . 
  that 's an interesting question but i 'm not sure about the answer . 
  like most cities in former east german regions , i think berlin still experiences the economic backlash of the gdr . 
  eastern germany has generally cheaper cost of living compared to the west and especially south , but the gap to the west is slowly closing . 
  prices are rising in berlin as well . 
  unfortunately , some eastern german cities ( like dresden ) are trying to artificially close the gap by actively limiting living spaces ( demolishing old [ plattenbau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plattenbau ) - buildings , creating less new buildings or flats ) . 
  thus prices are rising , and more importantly tax income for the city is increasing , but it creates more tension and makes it more difficult for less wealthy people . 
  dresden became known some years ago for being the first east german city to sell large parts of the previous city owned residences ( mostly plattenbau ) to private , foreign investors . 
  it was great for the city to get a lot of money quickly and to pay debts , but rents increased by roughly 1 $ per m ^ 2 from 2008 to now ( the cheapest type was around 2 $ / m ^ 2 and is now 3 $ / m ^ 2 , the most expensive went from 7 $ / m ^ 2 to about 8 $ / m ^ 2 ) . 
  so it is the least wealthy people who suffered most ( including university students ! ) . 
  berlin 's growth is limited because of the stadtstaat situation . 
  berlin does n't has space for more living quarters or industrial zones . 
  all new growth is happening in the speckg\u00fcrtel , that belongs to the state of brandenburg , so it is also governed by brandenburg and the taxes go to brandenburg . 
  there were initiatives to merge the two states of berlin and brandenburg in the past , but so far they failed because neither the population , the administrations nor the politicians were interested . 
  but i think it will/has to happen some day for the benefit of both berlin and brandenburg . 
  often speckg\u00fcrtel is used for suburbs , but in the case of berlin it is used for the region of brandenburg that surrounds berlin and , especially compared to the rest of the state or other former east german states , experiences a strong growth of population , industry and economy . 
  in this case it is really a ` fat belt ' living of the influence of berlin . 
  yeah , we can get quite creative with our compound words . 
  sorry for the wall of text , 
  i agree that asylum seekers should be distributed around the eu as good as possible . 
  but just an addition , most asylum seekers are n't even allowed to work until their application is decided . 
  so even if there was enough work for them , they are n't allowed to earn their own money . 
  very recently there was a change in german law so now they are allowed to apply for jobs . 
  maybe this improves the situation a bit . 
  it is , especially compared to other capitals or big cities , but it is still considerably more expensive than the surroundings . 
  the growth of berlin is limited , so rents are rising . 
  the speckg\u00fcrtel on the other hand has a lot of available space . 
  a lot of companies settle in the speckg\u00fcrtel and also require new employees and living space for them . 
  it 's not a problem surrounding berlin , it is the whole former east germany . 
  it is ` underdeveloped ' compared to the rest of germany and therefore still many people leave the region ( salaries are up to 40 % lower in east germany , also as an attempt to drive economical growth , but it also makes people to leave for better salaries to west germany ) . 
  you can see bigger cities like dresden and leipzig being exceptions and also a narrow ring around berlin ( called ` speckg\u00fcrtel ' or ` bacon belt ' ) which ` feeds ' of the influence of berlin . 
  the state of brandenburg , that surrounds berlin , is known for it 's emptiness . 
  the ` speckg\u00fcrtel ' including the city of potsdam is the exception and a thriving region , because it is less crowded and cheaper than berlin itself . 
  there is a strong opposition against military involvement of the bundeswehr in foreign countries . 
  human aid and training missions are somewhat accepted , but any combat-centric involvement is still very unpopular . 
  many germans believe the bundeswehr should not fight in foreign countries and should only exist to defend germany on german ground if we get attacked . 
  every dead soldier just fuels the discussion of that the bundeswehr should n't be involved in the first place .
