  well , in theory ... 
  of course there are many different kinds of those buildings . 
  but at least those you can find in eastern germany , usually refered to as [ plattenbau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plattenbau ) ( platte means slab or panel , bau means build or building ) , have their support structure integrated in the concrete prefabs . 
  those were basically assembled in place by placing down those prefabs and welding together the steel connectors between the prefabs . 
  those prefab buildings do . 
  the support beams are integrated into the wall and floor pieces . 
  they are basically sturdy card houses . 
  it fits my observations as a german university student . 
  from my experience , privacy is a big issue . 
  more educated people seem to feel uncomfortable sharing personal information for everyone to see . 
  i know many people who do n't use their real name , leave their profile incomplete ( no birthday , city or whatever ) and have very strict visibility settings . 
  it 's not necessarily about not trusting a foreign company or facebook in general , but not wanting to have personal information visible for other people . 
  many people also say you have to be careful what you share because future employers will check your profile when you apply for a job and sharing to much stuff could paint a bad picture about yourself . 
  also many people ( including myself ) do n't see a reason or are not interested in sharing stuff on social media . 
  whether it is a news article or a video i saw , or a picture i took or whatever , i do n't see a benefit or use in sharing it on social media . 
  i will tell and show my friends who i think are interested when i see them , so i do n't need it . 
  furthermore , people here might seem more selective with their facebook friends . 
  i do n't add random people i met at a party once or even people i 've never met who try to add me . 
  i only add people as friends who i consider friends in real life and who i 'm interested in staying in contact with . 
  many people i know are similar . 
  i think it mostly boils down to that we do n't really see a use or benefit in using social media for you personal life ( sharing things and seeing what others have shared ) and we have concerns regarding privacy and the possible negative effects of having personal information visible on the internet . 
  this might be true for first generation immigrants , but not necessarily for their next generations who are more integrated and have better education . 
  i would argue that most people do n't interact that often with poor and uneducated immigrants , but rather those that are more integrated and have a job , whether those have a shop or are coworkers . 
  the same way that most middle class people do n't interact much with poor people and have negative opinions about those as well ( lazy , only want to live off welfare ... ) . 
  the contact hypothesis suggests that there is also negative contact , i.e. 
  contact that enforces negative views . 
  so groups of people that have mostly negative experiences with immigrants ( those who interact with poor or uneducated immigrants ) will have more negative views about immigrants . 
  yes , i think it does . 
  but there are also , as i said , other factors , like education and wealth . 
  it is not as easy as saying more contact will always lead to more acceptance , but if other factors are similar/equal the exposure can make the difference . 
  to note , there is also the possibility of `` negative contact '' ( contact that enforces negative views ) , that seems to act stronger than positive contact . 
  well i do n't know what to reply to the fist sentence . 
  if you do n't consider it valid science , then there is no need to have this discussion , because you 'll dismiss anything * you * disagree with anyway . 
  i also never said something like you imply would be my world view in the last paragraph . 
  people were asking why france has a higher acceptance of muslims while having a higher percentage of muslims , i pointed out the contact hypothesis which tries to find reasons for that correlation . 
  i never said it would solve all problems , but i said that a lack of exposure seems to lead to less acceptance . 
  of course it is not the only factor , wealth and education are playing a big role . 
  but exposure seems to be an important factor as well . 
  i never said it is as easy as that . 
  i pointed out sources and said many scientists seem to agree on that . 
  if you * believe * this is a flimsy idea or it was made up to make people feel good , i ca n't help you . 
  you 're free to believe whatever you want . 
  but i can see where you 're coming from based on your first paragraph . 
  it might not fit your world view that something as simple as exposure or contact can help * minimizing * conflicts between different groups of people . 
  have a nice day . 
  [ the wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/contact_hypothesis#negative_contact ) regarding the contact hypothesis lists several studies that seem to confirm this . 
  and to contradict that it only is related to wealth , citizen of wealthy east-asian countries , like japan or south korea are generally considered being more xenophobe and those countries also have low percentages of immigrants . 
  i think most sociologist consider the contact hypothesis to be true . 
  but of course there are more factors , like wealth and education . 
  but exposure seems to have a very big influence . 
  so why would you be surprised by it , because it sounds to simple ? 
  also east german states have lower percentages of immigrants compared to the rest of germany , so the same correlation exists . 
  generally , there seems to be a correlation between xenophobia/skepticism against immigrants and lower number of immigrants in a region . 
  the lower the number of immigrants , more people seem to have negative views about immigrants , whereas the higher the number of immigrants , less people have negative views about immigrants . 
  this is called the [ contact hypothesis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/contact_hypothesis ) ( it is assumed there is a causal connection between the two , but there is no real proof so far ) . 
  edit : added a link . 
  thanks for the link . 
  is that sure ? 
  i understood that the passport is connected to someone who entered europe as a refugee , but does that mean that the same person was a attacker ? 
  also i assume isis is interested in not having syrians flee syria . 
  i everyone flees syria , they lose new recruits and population to have power over . 
  so i would say they could benefit if europe would stop taking refugees from syria . 
  yes , it is typical for german because we use the [ long scale ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_and_short_scales ) with million , milliarde , billion , billiarde , ... instead of the short scale , that is used in english , with million , billion , trillion , ... just `` m '' or `` mi '' is n't conclusive in german , that 's why we use `` mio '' and either `` mrd '' or `` mia '' instead . 
  because in german a billion is a `` milliarde '' and a million is a `` million '' , so the abbreviation `` mi '' or `` m '' is n't conclusive and in german we us `` mio '' and either `` mrd '' or `` mia '' . 
  also a trillion is a `` billion '' in german . 
  see [ long and short scales ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_and_short_scales ), 
  no , i argued their sentence ca n't be a deportation . 
  if they only have a residence permit , a deported can be the result of the sentence , but if they have a citizenship , they ca n't be deported . 
  i do n't know about the citizenship status of the perpetrator ( s ) , so i do n't know if a deportation would be legal or not . 
  but since the sentences are so low , it would n't result in a deportation anyway . 
  and that is what i 'm saying . 
  the punishment/sentence ca n't be a deportation . 
  but a deportation can be the result of being convicted of certain crimes . 
  but that is separate from the punishment itself and a different entity will make that decision . 
  first of all , this only applies if they have a residence permit . 
  it can be revoked if they have been sentenced for certain crimes for a certain amount of time . 
  if they have citizenship , it does n't apply . 
  second , it does n't involve the initial sentence . 
  both foreigners and citizen have to be sentenced the same way for any crime . 
  but if a foreigner with a residence permit has been sentenced for certain crimes , their residence permit can be revoked because of that sentence . 
  i 'm talking about that the initial sentence ca n't be a deportation , since that would violate the grundgesetz . 
  additional actions , based on that initial sentence , are possible , like a deportation or a preventive detention . 
  and those can be based on personal circumstances . 
  that 's a difference . 
  by the way , you have linked the draft , [ this is the actual law that got passed . 
  how does the us constitution handle those things ? 
  can people in the us have their citizenship taken away for crimes if they have a dual citizenship ? 
  oh , by the way , dual citizenship has been made nearly impossible in germany . 
  immigrants have to give up their former citizenship before they can get the german one . 
  there are only a few exceptions . 
  so it is entirely possible that this teenager only has a german citizenship , even if his parents came from serbia . 
  i do n't know the details about him . 
  once again , since those would be different punishments because of citizenship , this would violate the grundgesetz ( the german constitution ) . 
  the grundgesetz says that personal circumstances , like sex , parentage , race , language , homeland and origin , faith , or religious or political opinions can not determine or have an influence on the sentence . 
  i 'm not stating my opinion that this should or should not be done , i 'm stating that this * ca n't * be done unless the grundgesetz is changed . 
  it would violate the `` no person shall be favoured or disfavoured because of ( ... ) homeland and origin ( ... ) . 
  different laws/sentences for immigrants or foreigners violate the grundgesetz , because the same kind of punishment is n't possible for a german . 
  edit : i 'm not saying that those teens should n't get bigger punishments , i 'm saying different punishments for foreigners/immigrants violate the grundgesetz . 
  the grundgesetz says criminals from other countries have to be treated exactly the same as german criminals . 
   thus citizens and non-citizens are not equal the grundgesetz does not talk about citizen and non citizen , it talks about persons .
