  but that would increase the prices , take a lot of effort and probably result in less products available . 
  edit : of course reducing waste ( both food and other products ) will reduce environmental damage . 
  do we really need well stocked shelves in supermarkets where 1/3 of the items will be thrown away because they are n't sold before reaching the end of their shelf life ? 
  it 's not just about food . 
  also cosmetic and hygienic products use palm oil ( shampoo , soaps , cremes , skin care products and so on ) . 
  what happened to seville ? 
  it is much smaller and darker than on [ similar photos ] ( https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/thumbnails/image/14797031062_4cbe0f218f_o.jpg ) . 
  it is wrong . 
  the prefix `` vor - '' is not the same as the word `` vor '' and they have different roots , even though they are spelled the same now . 
  interchanging both is wrong . 
  if i was from bitterfeld i would also rather pretend to be from a place that does n't even exist than admitting i was from bitterfeld . 
  * currently sitting in a train going to bitterfeld ... *, 
  yes , because changing a full color picture and the text requires remaking all 4 printing plates ( 3 colors + black ) . 
  changing only the text but not the picture means you only have to remake one printing plate ( the black one for the text ) . 
  so changing only the text but not the picture is less expensive and probably faster as well . 
  age pyramids do n't support his claim . 
  the difference between men and women is about 0.1-0 .2 % in sweden , the same like in the us . 
  china has a difference of up to 0.4 % . 
  unfortunately his comment was deleted before i could submit my answer linking to relevant age pyramids . 
  and i would rather be a citizen of sweden than the us . 
  but is n't it great that countries are not all the same and therefore people have ( at least some ) chances to live in a country that fits their interest and life style more ? 
  people who prefer a market as free as possible with higher risk and chances can go to the us , people who prefer more social security , which means less risk but also less chances , can go to europe . 
  and ultimately , all the opportunities you 've listed , like silicon valley or ivy league universities are only open for a few people . 
  at least you do n't make insane student debts over here . 
  no , i want the use of numbers that a relevant to what is discussed , not numbers that might or might not be relevant because they are about a broader topic . 
  also the source and means of acquisition of those numbers need to be considered . 
  it even says in the statistics that those numbers might not give the right conclusion about the relationship between victims and perpetrators for different kinds of sex offences because of the way they were collected ( which i quoted in my previous comment ) . 
  but i agree we will not have a fruitful discussion since you rather want to use any number and , if necessary , misuse them in any way to support your opinion . 
  i made no random assertions , i 'm a different person than the one you replied to with your misleading statistics . 
  i also do n't downplay other sex offences or say we should not worry about them ( and i never proclaimed to be a woman ) , but the topic was about rape specifically , not sex offences in general . 
  i 'm just here to explain that the statistics you quoted do not tell anything about the relationship between victims and perpetrators in rape cases . 
  the statistics you 're quoting are about sex offences in general . 
  those include rape , but are not only rape . 
  out of 1160 convictions in 2015 176 where about rape , or about 15 % . 
  you can not draw a conclusion about the relationship between victims and perpetrator for rape with statistics about sex offences in general . 
  it is also important to note that this is a survey made by an institute , not official numbers from the police . 
  some quotes from the same source :  one should be aware that just as is the case with threat and assault offences , there is reason to believe that incidents where persons have been exposed to sex offences by a closely-related person , often in the home , are underrepresented in the survey . 
  this type of exposure may be experienced as particularly sensitive and it thus may be difficult to gain information about it through a questionnaire . 
  and  in the swedish system , individual reports regarding a great number of offences may affect and give rise to variations in the statistic . 
  for instance , when a single case is reported that turns out to involve hundreds or even thousands of instances of offences committed against an individual over the course of many years , every single incident is recorded as an offence in the year it was reported . 
  it is also important to remember that non-reporting is particularly extensive for sex offences and changes in the inclination to report can affect the number of rapes in the statistic . 
   the number of reported rape offences has increased over the last ten years ( 2006-2015 ) . 
  the increase can be partially explained by the entry into force of new sex offence legislation on 1 april 2005 . 
  this legislation entails , among other things , that certain acts which were previously classified as sexual exploitation are now classified as rape . 
  the effect of the statutory change appeared in the statistics such that the number of reported offences in respect of sexual coercion and exploitation declined in the years immediately following the statutory change while the number of reported rapes increased . 
  as from 1 july 2013 , the sex offence legislation was again made tougher ; among other things rape was expanded to include cases where the victim reacts passively . 
  germany has several as well . 
  i particularly like [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/niederfinow_boat_lift#/media/file:schiffshebewerk_niederfinow_-_2016.jpg ) , built in 1934 , for its old metal construction . 
  the [ schiffshebewerk niederfinow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/niederfinow_boat_lift ) is getting a new and bigger one built next to the [ old one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=steq7hgbhju ) ( constructions are delayed , what a surprise ) . 
  the old one was constructed in 1934 and is still in use ( and planned to continue to be used until 2025 ) . 
  i see , i can totally understand the local foods argument . 
  i live within walking distance of an aldi nord and lidl ( in germany ) and the lidl was recently remodeled and looks rather fancy now . 
  the aldi still looks rather poor . 
  the lidl also has a much bigger selection of products and fresh bakery goods . 
  i would say within germany lidl ( almost ) always beats aldi nord , especially because of the bigger selection . 
  compared to aldi nord , always . 
  not if you live in a aldi nord region . 
  aldi nord really sucks . 
  yes , but people above were talking about german soldiers in general , not about ss members specifically . 
  on reddit , every day is strawman day . 
  you do realize there was a mandatory draft ? 
  people had to join the wehrmacht no matter wether they wanted or not . 
  and if they refused , they and most likely their family would have been imprisoned and punished for being traitors . 
  as much as the myth of the innocent wehrmacht wrong , it still is n't true that all or even most german soldiers were nazis . 
   weird beer says the guy from cologne with their tiny , watered down beer, 
  boat shaped metal does float though, 
  i 've seen it frequently in supermarkets ( dia ) in seville and with street vendors . 
  but i do n't think i 've seen any large number of spaniards buying it . 
  edit : i realized the supermarket chain dia is written without an accent since it is an acronym, 
  most graffiti i see is from soccer fans, 
  it was the race for the thinnest and most beautiful device that mostly killed the removable batteries . 
  in order to save every .1 mm you 'll cut the removable back that adds .5 mm and you exchange the solid , but safe plastic battery casing with a flimsy and easily puncturable tinfoil casing to save another 1mm . 
  to get the largest possible battery in the thinnest possible device you have to sacrifice serviceability . 
  but the people want the thinnest device , not the one that is easier to service . 
  because people are going to buy a new device in 2 years anyway because the old one now is `` old '' and not as cool and desirable as the new one . 
   for products that are designed specifically to fail after a certain amount of time this kind of planned obsolescence is not very common . 
  products usually are n't designed to fail after a certain amount of time , they are designed to last at least for a certain amount of time . 
  usually the manufacturer knows the average usage time for their products and they 'll manufacture their products with the cheapest possible materials that have the necessary life time . 
  because when 90 % + of the customers are going to buy a new product anyway after a certain amount of time , even when the old product did n't fail , then it is a waste of money to design it for a longer life time . 
  and , for example , electronic components ( like capacitors ) get a lot more expensive with higher guaranteed life time . 
  if i remember correctly you have to pay roughly 10 times the price for a capacitor that is guaranteed to work twice as long . 
  there are agnostic theists and agnostic atheists , as well as there are gnostic theists and gnostic atheists . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i lived in seville for one year ( erasmus ) . 
  back then construction for the torre cajasol just had begun and i never saw it finished . 
  i 'm surprised that you can see it in this picture of the plaza de espa\u00f1a since it is pretty far from cartuja . 
  wow , you can even see torre cajasol from there ? 
  no wonder the people from seville opposed the construction . 
  sure , and bringing a large version of the [ reichskriegsflagge ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichskriegsflagge#zeit_des_nationalsozialismus ) ( the non-illegal version used from 1933-1935 ) is part of that harmless joke !, 
  sorry , but those were n't people making a `` harmless '' joke , those were actual neonazis . 
   easy . 
  i never said all leftists are fascists from an your previous comment :  this is how desperate the left has become . 
  they have to resort to violence and name calling instead of inspiring people to work together . 
  you said using violence and opposing free speech makes antifa fascist , and later you said `` the left '' resorts to violence and name calling . 
  sounds to me as saying `` the left '' is fascist . 
  not everyone who aligns with antifa uses violence , and not everyone on the left supports violence or limiting free speech , so why do you use blanked statements for all of antifa and the left but say `` some but not all conservatives ... '' ? 
  got it , you call it fascist because you disagree with them and you lump the entire `` left '' into it . 
  and everyone on the left must be an extremist who hates free speech and uses violence . 
  but on the other hand all trump supporters and conservatives are very moderate and nice people , and there are certainly not some conservatives who hate blacks , jews , gays or other minorities . 
  here 's the thing : extremist and violent , hateful assholes exist on both sides , and those are unfortunately often the loudest ones .
