  thus , all persons are equal before the law . 
  this means no laws can be passed that treat citizen and non-citizen differently ( because those laws would violate the grundgesetz ) . 
  it is common in many countries , not just germany , that all people , including foreigners , are subjected to the same law and sentenced by the same standards . 
  but in certain cases there can be agreements to have people face their sentence in their home country instead . 
   nobody , unless he has german citizenship , has a right to live here this is n't true either . 
  eu citizen have the right to live and work in any other eu country . 
  refugees , when a reason for asylum has been accepted , have a ( at least limited ) right to live in germany . 
  edit : please provide facts or sources that show that i 'm wrong instead of just down voting because you dislike what i 'm writing . 
  i 'm not stating my opinion , but the laws . 
  this would violate article 3 of the grundgesetz . 
  english version :  article 3  [ equality before the law ]   ( 1 ) all persons shall be equal before the law . 
   ( 2 ) men and women shall have equal rights . 
  the state shall promote the actual implementation of equal rights for women and men and take steps to eliminate disadvantages that now exist . 
   ( 3 ) no person shall be favoured or disfavoured because of sex , parentage , race , language , homeland and origin , faith , or religious or political opinions . 
  no person shall be disfavoured because of disability . 
  thankfully we have courts and judges who usually try to take those things in relation . 
  in this case it is entirely possible that a judge would decide against any punishment based on arguments like , if the the person was starving then their life was in danger , so stealing the bread was a result of their innate desire to survive and that the actual damage to the supermarket the bread was stolen from is basically non existent . 
  the judge would probably lecture the person that stealing is wrong , if the person is caught stealing again they might have to face a punishment and that next time the person is starving they should go to a soup kitchen or other charity organizations that help people . 
  any `` real '' punishment , which , for theft , would mostly likely be paying money , would only increase the struggle of the starving person and make it more likely that they would end up in the same situation again . 
  for many crimes the motivation does play a role , and in case of stealing bread because someone is starving the motivation can lead to lessen or dismiss the punishment . 
  so i guess that would justify a drone strike on you as well in your opinion ? 
  i mean he wants to take revenge on the syrian refugees who turned his brother in and wants to sue the state of saxony , and you want to get him killed for what he wants . 
  so you should be killed as well for what you want , right ? 
  otherwise it would be kind of hypocritical , do n't you think ? 
  you 're wrong . 
  there are also many men who call women sluts when they had sex with several partners . 
  just visit trp to see some of them . 
  this is a rather incomplete/one sided summary, 
  this article does n't mention that some of the people threw stones at an ambulance that carried an injured refugee or tried to reach an injured refugee . 
  but , at the bottom , it says that bystanders tried to block emergency vehicles when a refugee residence was set on fire earlier this year . 
  i said those trees are * not * typical for germany , so i do n't really understand your comment ? 
  some of the trees are n't typical for germany though . 
  those are more common in warmer regions , so it would be more likely from somewhere in southern europe . 
  as others said , it is from the vatican . 
  paying taxes is necessary because you use services provided by your government . 
  it is a completely different case than banning something for religious reasons . 
  if you ca n't see this difference , then there is no reason to continue this discussion . 
  but i have to admit , i made a poor choice of words in this case which allowed you to pick half of my argument and attack it while ignoring the second half of it ( or anything else i wrote ) . 
  no 1 actually ( physically ) harms someone else , in this case it is legitimate and absolutely reasonable to limit your choice . 
  no 2 is more difficult , but the reason usually is that taxis have to be registered to provide a reliable and safe service at reasonable prices , unregulated taxis could be less reliable , more dangerous and much more expensive . 
  this one is debatable as all sort of * economical * regulations and limits is . 
  no 3 is being part of a society . 
  you use a lot of services paid for by your taxes . 
  stupid argument everything else is not the government or a law limiting your choice . 
  nice try , try again . 
  yes , it is . 
  because you ca n't chose that option anymore . 
  right , i thought the person i replied to was replying to me . 
  i should have read the usernames . 
  while i see many people buried in their smartphones i do n't know if they are using facebook , sending messages , checking memes on reddit or reading wikipedia . 
  fortunately i do n't see that with my friends , we 're all around 30 and not very deep into social media . 
  but again , it is the people who are not able to use it responsibly . 
  facebook ( or social media in general ) can be a useful tool , but it seems to be quite easy to become addicted to it . 
  ok , but that is n't unique to facebook . 
  data collection , privacy and consideration what to share publicly are general issues on the internet and things people should be aware of . 
  many people here on reddit blame facebook for the stupid posts of their friends or because they waste hours reading through the feed ( while being annoyed by the content of their feed and the `` bragging '' of their friends because they posted a picture of their vacation or their kid ) . 
  like the comment you replied to complained about facebook dumbing down people . 
  yes , people should learn how to responsibly use the internet in general , especially regarding what kind of information they are willing to share . 
  sharing pictures of you being drunk or consuming illegal drugs can come back to you later . 
  but people complaining on reddit about data collection from facebook and google would be surprised to see what info they were willing to share in reddit comments . 
  those reddit profile analyzers can be quite scary . 
  oh great , and that will make you as obnoxious as those militant vegetarians that have to constantly tell everyone that and why they are vegetarians and try to guilt trip those who are n't . 
  if you 're not able to reasonably use social media like facebook , then do n't use it . 
  but if you feel the need to `` educate '' others on your preferences i can see * why * you have issues using social media . 
  in that case , just stop using it and leave quietly . 
  i do n't understand why so many people blame facebook for their inability to use social media responsibly and the stuff * their * friends post . 
  do you expect humor from a german ? 
  good luck powering your phone and computer with that one . 
  the bad reputation comes from european highschool and university students going in large numbers to inexpensive tourist locations , being drunk , obnoxious and leaving trash everywhere . 
  i would guess places in the us and mexico that are popular for spring break have similar negative views about * those * tourists from the us as well . 
  most `` grown up '' european tourist know how to behave . 
  the same way that european students usually ca n't afford to do spring break in the us , american students usually ca n't afford to do spring break in europe , so these `` bad '' tourist usually are `` locals '' . 
  i think part of that is in most of us . 
  just look at reddit how salty americans get when something negative is said about the u.s. ( for example health care ) , and how salty europeans become in response or when something bad is said about europe or their country . 
  since many people identify with their ( ancestral ) culture , criticizing that culture is taken as criticizing the person . 
  and that 's not unique to turkey or the middle east . 
  of course not everyone is like that , many people can deal with criticism about their culture or country , but those who react poorly stand out ( especially when those who do n't care do n't comment ) . 
  because your entire argument is pointless . 
  `` if this was a terror attack ( which it was n't ) and if he was a first or second generation immigrant ( which he was n't ) than this proves how dangerous and radicalized those people are '' . 
  assuming several things to prove a point does not prove that point , especially if those assumptions turn out to be wrong . 
  and when you made your comment it was already reported that he has no migration background and that it is not assumed to be a terror attack . 
   within the one or two generations his family have been here his grandparents were born in germany and he is considered to not have a `` migrationshintergrund '' . 
  that guy is as german as he can be , not a first or second generation immigrant . 
  so what point are you trying to make with your ( wrong ) assumptions ? 
  i did n't knew that , thanks for the information . 
  i 'm not involved in it , but i 'm interested in it because i also would like to see an improvement . 
  one big issue is that a very large amount of the typical products we use belong to only [ a few companies ] ( http://www.convergencealimentaire.info/map.jpg ) , like nestl\u00e9 , ferrero , procter & gamble or unilever , and those definitely do n't want to see change ( and will try to oppose it ) . 
  it 's a difficult situation . 
  if we would ban all use of palm oil , we would need a substitute for it . 
  a lot of it . 
  and there is no reason to believe that the other oil we use then would not be farmed in a way that destroys the environment . 
  if we ban palm oil , then all those farmers that destroy the rain forest will switch to something else and continue destroying the rain forest . 
  and from what i 've heard farming palm oil is more efficient than other plant oils , so replacing it with a ( less efficient ) oil would mean even more environmental damage . 
  instead , we have to enforce the use of `` certified '' palm oil that is proven to come from environmentally friendly farms . 
  those certificates exist for several things , we have the [ msc certificate ] ( https://www.msc.org/ ) for sustainable fishing and the [ rainforest alliance ] ( http://www.rainforest-alliance.org/ ) for all sorts of products ( coffee , cocoa , juice and oils ) that come from sustainable and fair farming ( including treating and paying the workers in a fair manner ) . 
  but those are n't mandatory . 
  as a consumer , you can try to make the conscious decision to only buy certified things ( but this also means to make sure the certificate is legit and not just some bs ) , and it also means to check all ingredients before buying stuff . 
  as an example , the `` off brand '' orange juice i buy at my local lidl is rainforest alliance certified . 
  the `` off brand '' chocolate i buy there is [ utz certified ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/utz_certified ) and has a [ fairtrade cocoa program ] ( http://www.fairtrade.net/about-fairtrade/fairtrade-sourcing-programs/fsp-cocoa-mark.html ) label . 
  instead all goods imported into the eu could be required to be certified ( which also includes regular checks to make sure that they do what they promise ) .
