they have clearly stated the opinion that both : they do n't want unilateral independence and that they do want a referrendum, 
  if the yes refers to unilateral independence , then they are no doubt in the no . 
  just take a look . 
  if yes is unilateral independence , as catsiqueespot is opposed to that . 
  yes < no, 
  catsiqueespot as they unequivocally state in their ideary support a referendum , they do n't support an unilateral declaration at all . 
  apart from the obvious issue of independence , it 's also interesting to see the rise in votes for right leaning parties . 
  also , as cup wo n't be voting for mas , who gets to be president is going to be a clusterfuck . 
  advocating cat killing in reddit . 
  bold strategy , let 's see how it plays out ... 
  the part where shit hits the drain of course no one wants to emulate , but getting debt haircuts if it happens is something certain parties would definitely push for, 
  i can only offer my personal experience but a lot of people i know that were laid off with the crisis have found work again ( albeit often worse conditions than before the crisis ) and the people that were still working are no longer constantly in fear of being fired . 
  totally agree with you there . 
  the problem with the people following that model is that while they are very in favour of spending when the economy is low they are much more reluctant to cut spending when the economy is high because that does n't get you votes . 
  well that really is a pity ... my personal experience with turkish people , although admiteddly limitted , has always been very positive . 
  how is the eu viewed over there nowadays ? 
  i remember a couple years ago there was some talks over joining , although it seems they have cooled down quite a bit . 
  mmm i was n't very active then but i seem to remember there was quite some hostility towards erdogan and his measures , not so much against turks themselves ... 
  for a good movie though there would have to be some romantic backstory . 
  i personally would favour a merkel-tsipras relationship in which they end up falling in love and agree on a deal to save the euro and everyone lives happily ever after . 
  the amount of drama that i 've seen here the last days has been incredible , and i 'm not even greek !, 
  if it were n't for the plight that the greek people are suffereing and presumably are going to suffer i 'd get myself some popcorn now . 
  in a couple decades when this cools off it 's going to be great source material for a movie saga . 
  it 's not really their fault though , they just hav n't fully discovered yet the beauty of bacon and liberty :p, 
  if you are going to take the imf 's words then read it in full and see how they said that if greece had done all the reforms that they were asked to do they would be better today and would n't need more assistance . 
  edit : relevant document https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2015/cr15165.pdf  `` by late summer 2014 , with interest rates having declined further , it appeared that no further debt relief would have been needed under the november 2012 framework , if the program were to have been implemented as agreed . 
  but significant changes in policies since then -- not least , lower primary surpluses and a weak reform effort that will weigh on growth and privatization -- are leading to substantial new financing needs . '', 
  i 'm a us national so you can figure out if i appreciate the us or not ... my only point was that obama might very well prefer that a compromise is reached but if it is n't he is n't goign to `` go after '' the eu with `` wooden spoons '' as the op said . 
  the currency exchanges are great , but honestly they are n't throwing away money , the chances that the ecb will not return the exchanges are close to 0 . 
  then i think the saying `` you should put your money where your mouth is '' would be perfectly appliable . 
  then the money also goes both ways and germany gets to take money from greece . 
  are you kidding me !, 
  there are lithuanian redditors surviving on less reddit gold a year and we are going to loan him 0.3 reddit gold !, 
  i 'll add the / s for good measure, 
  damn , we could do with some cloud redistribution throught the rest of spain :p, 
  oh yes , i get it now . 
  as a spaniard i totally see how if that happened to greece quite a number of people would be demanding similar conditions . 
  if greek exits it 's not going to be growing within a year . 
  * every sub on reddit is a echo chamber, 
  you mean persecution complex as in the one greece has with respect to germany ? 
  at least with an union we have some good times . 
  without being in an union and being able to borrow at the same rate as germany , greece never would have had the yeara of bonanza that preceded this crisis . 
  disclaimer : im spanish , have n't flared up yet since i 'm on mobile, 
  i wonder how this survey was conducted . 
  i hate to be a cynic but i doubt many people in spain know a lot about any of those world leaders . 
  yeah , no way . 
  if psoe allies with bildu they might as well throw away all political capital they have , erc is also unlikely and pnv is not impossible but they are a right wing party so u do n't know what a coalition would offer to them . 
  it 's the part of spain that is most likely to be attacked , although still extremely unlikely with the current geopolitical situation but you never know how things will evolve in te future . 
  the reason why they wo n't be included is because morocco is a good us ally in the region and they feel it would be antagonizing . 
  ceuta and melilla are n't considered as part of europe so they are n't nato territory . 
  an attack on either on them would n't trigger nato defense obligations . 
  it 's not a matter of money , although that never hurts . 
  it 's because nato only covers the territory of north american and europe , and although ceuta and melilla are fully part of spain they are n't in europe so nato would n't be triggered if they are ever attacked . 
  spain obviously has always wanted them to be included in nato so letting the russians refuel is a political move : as long as they are n't part of nato russians will be welcome there and if nato does n't like that all they have to do is include them in the treaty . 
  i have no comments on whether ceta as a whole would have more or less positives for the eu . 
  but i do think it 's quite funny that with the current anti-trade deals general climate in europe it would have probably been impossible to establish the eu if it had to be done nowadays . 
  i think you get to choose between going to the table or going to prision xd, 
  this will be the first step of a revolution , you need 3 volunteers for each and every voting table that have to be there for the whole day . 
  everyone will refuse to be there on christmas day . 
  the five women were leading a hefty group of about 100 teenagers , seeing then all run and scream at the top of their lungs has the potential to be confusing . 
  that 's why you have to get a permit to do something like this , they did n't get it so that 's why it 's their fault . 
  german nationals blow themselves up all the time , it 's just you never pay attention to it because the news do n't report it !, 
   we checked each name of a retiree in receipt of a pension with the ine 's register of deaths , and discovered that the only link between the two was the deceased 's identity card number , but not the name . 
  it seems highly likely that there have been errors in entering identification numbers , or that they have been duplicated . 
   this could be a plausible explanation , although being in spain the safe choice is to assume corruption rather than incompetence . 
  the thing is , and i might very well be wrong so feel free to correct me . 
  the claims about the planes were n't made by erdogan , it was iirc some unnamed general ( or that 's what the newspapers cited as their source ) so god knows why they would claim that if it 's false . 
  for all we know he could just be selling a journalist an `` exciting '' article . 
  so yesterday we have articles with unnamed sources that say that some planes had erdogan on their target . 
  according to the majority that and the fact that they did n't shoot meant it was a staged coup . 
  now sources in the greek army say that those unnamed sources lie . 
  somehow this also means it 's a fake coup ? 
  the conspiracy level here has gone off the roof . 
  i 'm not sure how it would work exactly in eu law but if a hiring measure discriminates so disproportionately again one nationality then it 's de facto discriminatory . 
  i 'm very opposed to this on principle . 
  the uk , or parts of it , might have decided to abandon the eu . 
  but if we abandon the basic eu principles to retaliate it 's us who destroy the eu . 
  is n't that ilegal ? 
  but wait , is n't one of the hallmarks of the european union common market that you ca n't discriminate based on nationality when applying for jobs ? 
  turkey and also egypt and libya have been quite unstable , it 's unfortunate for them but good for greece and spain . 
  we should really capitalize while we can and build some pyramids on our own deserts so we can supplant egypt , it would n't even be the first egyptian building in spain : [ templo de debod ] ( http://www.hotelnuevoboston-blog.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/templo-de-debod-flickr2.jpg ), 
  well , ca n't let spain down here , i 'd be happy to do this . 
  yep , everyone worried about germany dominating europe but it is us that will spring up from the backside . 
  in the end money always wins , so even though nowadays there is a lot of spite on both sides and the apocalyptic preachers are in full swing , things will calm down and an agreement will be reached . 
  the uk will have some form of free market access and there will be some form of free movement of people , it 'll be less robust than what we had before and it 'll take some effort to sell it to the population but it 'll happen . 
  everything is potentially possible i guess . 
  but the reason that the uk had concessions is that they were pretty eurosceptic so they were needed to have them on board , are n't scotland and ireland quite pro eu , why would perks be necessary ? 
  also the uk perks were feasible because they were net payers , scotland would probably be net receivers so giving them extra perks would n't sit so well with everyone else . 
  the turkish government has claimed it 's them , so that right there is enough evidence to at least speculate for the time being . 
  this happened just yesterday so once more information becomes available we can reevaluate all those opinions . 
  the same evidence people have about them being kemalists . 
  but if it really were secularists it would n't make sense for erdogan to claim it was g\u00fclen , if he really wants to establish an islamic caliphate the best thing for his interests would be to blame the secularists . 
  we 've gone through three and a half wars about that and they still have the spirit to keep up , if we were as determined about other issues things would be going much better !, 
  btw , i 've only ever heard about carlists in history class never met one , is the movement still alive at all ? 
   ulrich eichhorn , vw 's head of development , said his company had made a huge mistake . 
  `` we are ashamed , '' he said . 
  oh come on , i hope nobody buys that , the only thing they are ashamed about is being caught . 
  i just hope they are appropriately punished for this , although i 'm not getting my hopes up . 
  some have turned out more or less ok , some have resulted in military juntas ... i wish all the luck in the world to all the people in turkey , but i would n't feel comfortable rolling the dice . 
  how well versed are you with the spanish situation ?
