  i really want to know what things you liked about helsinki in the winter ? 
  i know i do n't like it at all in the winter . 
  it 's not like we would n't re-militarize \u00c5land if we needed to though . 
  do n't you get a mark in your criminal record too ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  almost everyone on a construction site is an estonian nowadays ( in helsinki anyways ) . 
  i like estonians because you are generally pretty friendly and talkative people . 
  that 's true here to some extent . 
  the downhill skiing resorts employ a lot of people in the winter when the sun does n't shine . 
  i do n't actually know how big difference it makes though . 
  that 's not been a problem to me . 
  you 'll just leave a little space like you leave between words . 
  you do n't use markers to separate words so why should you use them when you separate numbers ? 
  okay . 
  i was n't just sure what you tried to say in each language . 
  still a pretty neat list . 
  i do n't understand even why you should put a marker between thousands . 
  1 234 567,89 or 1 234 567.89 are both pretty clear and no confusion with commas and points . 
   kiitt\u00e4\u00e4 this means `` to thank '' . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're after that ? 
  it is n't a majority practically anywhere in finland or sweden . 
  there is also large areas in russia where it is spoken as you can see from the map . 
  why do you say it 's not defined in a family ? 
  the color is in the legend and pretty much everyone agrees that it 's an uralic language . 
  ca n't you see the blue areas in lapland ? 
  that color is clearly in the legend classified as `` uralic '' . 
  are you blind ? 
  there clearly is sami languages in lapland . 
  what ? 
  if they have gone through the immigration process why would n't they be allowed to work ? 
  oh , i misunderstood . 
  that 's certainly interesting . 
  are n't tax returns a thing everywhere ? 
  if you pay too much they give it back to you . 
  you can read about him [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otto_wille_kuusinen ) if you want !, 
  very likeable person !, 
  i 'm quite sure that we do it the same way . 
  i have n't had to deal with taxes yet though . 
  nuuska is the normal name for it . 
  we just took the word snus . 
  these are slang words : * biitti * , * n\u00f6ffe * and i have heard * muta * used for the stuff which is n't in the little bags . 
  * tyyny * ( pillow ) is used sometimes for the bags but it 's kinda rare . 
  i have no idea where `` biitti '' and `` n\u00f6ffe '' come from . 
  probably swedish . 
  it 's not quite like that . 
  the swedish-speaking minority here has it 's own identity . 
  they are part of the native population . 
  they cheer for the finnish national hockey team and so on . 
  not swedes or finns . 
  most of them are quite nice people . 
  i like them . 
  oh and your point is totally valid too . 
  hey the swedish speaking population should n't be counted in the immigrant category . 
  it 's called huuletubakas ? 
  that sounds hilarious and is pretty accurate . 
  i do n't really like it but i understand how some people can . 
  at least it tastes better than it looks but that does n't tell much in this case . 
   m\u00e4mmi m\u00e4mmi is ( the ) shit . 
  but does it automatically collect the heads to a container ? 
  i wo n't buy if it does n't . 
  seriously only people who use cash are the old hags who count the coins on the register . 
  cash is useless and we should get rid of it . 
  nah , low countries should be lower on the statistics too . 
  we do n't really have any problems with crowded streets . 
  it sounds bizarre that i could even bump into someone and there is always enough space to go around even if i 'd walk slowly . 
  how crowded can a city be ? 
  as far as i know the tenses are a bit of a problem for many people . 
  to me it does n't sound too bad because we have them as well so the system is familiar . 
  the pronunciation is n't too weird either . 
  i think that knowing finnish will help a lot . 
  it 'll be still probably quite challenging but that 's how it should be with new languages . 
  close enough . 
  that 's dope as hell . 
  is n't veri ( blood ) ver in hungarian or am i completely wrong ? 
  if it is i know 60 % of the words . 
  i could almost become hungarian already . 
  i have been planning to take the hungarian duolingo course when it becomes available . 
  hungarian is pretty cool language . 
  ( and it would give me bragging rights . ), 
  i do n't really understand ? 
  i ca n't go to a store , grab a snack and a drink and eat that while i walk ? 
  is there any harm done to anyone if i do this ? 
  absolutely . 
  even if our languages are about as close as english and greek they are still related . 
  we have like 5 words that sound alike but that does n't matter . 
  well that must be because they are difficult to understand too . 
  to be honest i have a problem with swedish swedes . 
  finland swedish is much clearer and easily understandable . 
  it depends on all the languages he already knows , not only native language . 
  his knowledge of english would certainly help . 
  this guy ... 
  the letter is \u00d6 with the glorious dots . 
  your letter has a silly hat . 
  i 'm 99 % sure that the danes can speak danish and they wo n't even know the subject . 
  can i ask why ? 
  why ca n't i eat where ever i want ? 
  everyone needs to start speaking our glorious language which has only one word for he/she . 
  the words do n't have gender or articles either . 
  finnish has no unnecessary things which makes it so efficient you germans would love it . 
  in that case they have to come to defend and liberate ethnic russians .
