  they are nice because winter is so damn dark . 
  i ca n't remember if they have a special name though . 
  not with friends . 
  we are not that fond of stramgers though . 
  yes there are many languages in europe . 
  how does the linguistical diversity here unite us at all ? 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  of course we speak european in europe . 
  yeah but the season is is really short and there was next to crop this year because of rain . 
  it costs a lot to grow anything here which is why our government gives out agriculture benefits to the producers . 
  finland or iceland being self sustainable is just impossible . 
   i do n't tell you how to speak french . 
  that 's probably because you ca n't speak french . 
  it 's okay to comment on stuff you have tried . 
  you do n't have to actively eat stuff that tastes like shit to say that it tastes like shit . 
   christianity , or atheism that has been heavily influenced by christian emotional baggage yes but there are many types of christians who do n't always mix well . 
  there has been some trouble in ireland because of this . 
   weird and remarkably consistent hatred for roma people not everywhere . 
  not many talk here about the roma and when they do they mean the immigrants and not the native roma population . 
   obsession with soccer no  tendency to drink too much this i ca n't really argue against but i 'd say that some have healthier habits than others . 
   aversion to spicy food nah . 
  there 's spicy food if you go a bit south . 
   a relationship with the united states that essentially boils down to an inferiority complex ( like canada except with less self-awareness ) i do n't know where you got this one from :p, 
   every country should be self sustainable when it comes to food . 
  easy for you to say . 
  some nations just ca n't do that . 
  haha . 
  that 's a pretty good joke . 
  he came here and went to ikea . 
  that 's what he means . 
  good night . 
  oh my god it feels like you 're intentionally misinterpreting my comments . 
   you do not know to much about polish-scandinavian ( or more precisely - swedish ) history you ca n't know how much i know about that . 
  i certainly know enough . 
  i have talked to swedish and norwegian guys about the education system in the countries and that 's why i 'm extrapolating . 
  i ca n't say about denmark or iceland . 
  i feel like you 're constantly missing my point so i 'm done arguing . 
  i 'm not sure if i explained everything clearly enough but i 'm not in the mood of continuing this argument . 
  that 's not what i mean by neutral stance . 
  i mean that they do n't teach our history in a nationalistic way and tell us that we would be the good guys all the time . 
  the way we are taught history is not sugarcoated like some people here claim the polish history education being . 
  there is literally no reason for finnish kids to learn about polish-lithuanian commonwealth in the basic education . 
  it should focus in the things that are relevant to the people . 
  that does n't mean that the education would n't be able to take a neutral stance . 
  additionally it would n't be possible to teach the history of every country and every people in school because it would take too much time and because it would be just useless . 
    i do n't know why you brought up hungarians and russians though . 
   becouse you belong to common finno-ugric tribes you said that . 
  and about deluge ( never heard this term before ) . 
  we should primarily discuss how it affected us and not how it affected the poles . 
  the teacher can still take a neutral stance even if he 's teaching the thing from our viewpoint . 
  the teachers never say anything like the wars would have been a good thing . 
  they do n't pick sides . 
  haha . 
  russians are not finno-ugric . 
  they are slavic peoples like the poles . 
  any swede that describes finns as russian relatives ca n't be taken seriously . 
  finland was also part of sweden for over 600 years so i 'm pretty sure we have common history with swedes . 
  i did n't say at any point that the quality of teaching history would be of higher standard in the nordics than for example in poland . 
  again i do n't understand your comment entirely . 
  we are just an actor of what ? 
  and what is deluge ? 
  the term ` nordic ' applies to finland because we are part one of the five nordic countries . 
  being ` scandinavian ' has nothing to do with being ` nordic ' and i do n't know why you have that kind of picture . 
  finland is in the nordic region and it 's in our and the other nations ' interest to us being part of the nordic council . 
  i do n't know why you brought up hungarians and russians though . 
  i do n't really understand the rest of your post . 
  why are scandinavian - polish relations and scandinavians stealing your goods ( what ever they are ) relevant in any way ? 
  if you 'd like to clear that up i 'd appreciate it . 
  i 'd say that at least all the nordics would have . 
  it 's not usually the school which make people have stupid interpretations of history . 
  it 's more likely that the people just want to have that kind of interpretation . 
  history classes here take pretty neutral stance . 
  i see more non-finns wanking to the winter war than finnish people to be honest . 
  i 'm pretty sure you do n't have the resources to keep over 1000 fighters in shape there . 
  sending them all there would n't be any good . 
  i ca n't speak for the \u00c5landers but the swedish speaking finns i know do n't really consider themselves that different . 
  they have their official language and they are not discriminated against . 
  of course there are some cases but it 's minimal and things like that never end well . 
  \u00c5land has autonomy and swedish is the only official language there so i 'd guess they like it there ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 'm trying to say that swedish speaking finns like to shit on sweden ( jokingly ) like other finns do and i find that interesting . 
  it 's not that rare that people call swedish speaking finns swedes even though they are finns like the rest of us . 
  they just do n't speak finnish . 
  i do n't really know about \u00c5land though . 
  i do n't know any \u00c5landers . 
  i 'm kinda late but we sure do know . 
  the enemy can always flank you so you have to be ready . 
  i 'm always a bit surprised to see you badmouth sweden ( i assume you 're a swedish speaking finn ) . 
  i know you do n't have any affiliation with sweden and many identify as finnish but still . 
  there are quite a bit of them here so it would n't surprise me . 
  there are the native gypsies who have been here for a long time and the ones who come from romania . 
  the immigrants give a bad rap to all of them :|, 
  should have been but sometimes it does n't freeze if the winter is miserable enough . 
  what year was it ? 
  last winter it did n't freeze for example . 
  winter is n't too bad if there is n't too much snow . 
  biking is a bit more dangerous if there is too much snow and ice but that just means that you 'll need to be careful . 
  was the sea even frozen when you were here ? 
  when it freezes the air is n't that different . 
  it 's quite neat when it 's frozen and you can walk to the nearby islands .
