  i love the english language and have no problem using it . 
  so calm down your racism please ( or i can get nasty too and romanians are easy targets ) . 
  there is just no reason to use the global language when we 're trying to build a regional entity . 
  or else let 's just all learn mandarin as it 's the most spoken language anyway . 
   so , they are in advance ( on what ?! ), 
  and you want all of us to learn klingon so that we all must retreat to starting line ( for what race ?! ) . 
  they are not in advance , it 's their native language , and in every situation in which they need to use it they will have an advantage , even if every european spent 20 years using english . 
   and not just that - english/uk influence is the cause , american influence is the consequence of the primary cause . 
  when england was the world 's first power , french was the lingua franca . 
  and it was n't because of the roman empire . 
  english dominates because of the us . 
  on a much larger scale because of globalisation . 
  yes , and the reason for choosing an language for europe should not be that it 's the language of the united states . 
  mandatory classes , and the use of esperanto in pan-european media is enough of a reason to motivate people . 
  and esperanto is very easy to learn anyway . 
  not with esperanto . 
  i would be ok with a language designed only to be the language of an united europe, 
  it is still an unfair advantage for native english speakers . 
  also , english is adopted not because it is the language spoken in england , but because of american influence . 
  something the eu was supposed to be the counterweight to . 
  which together make less than 1.5 % of the population . 
  china is 91.5 % han . 
  the rest is made of 56 different groups , some being almost completely sinified . 
  china never was an `` homogenous '' society , but it never tried to be . 
  chinese nationalism is based on language and the feeling of belonging to the same civilisation . 
  a man from the north and one from the south may be completely unable to speak to each other if they use their native languages , but they still both think of themselves as chinese . 
  it 's kinda the same than for arabs ( dialects mutually unintelligible , but there is a unified stardard language . 
  it 's called diglossia ) , except that china had a unified state for the 2/3 of its history and put a huge emphasis on the unity of china because they got traumatised by the third of history in which they were not unified . 
  no that 's not , that 's just the kaiser 's wet dream disguised in an european costume . 
  and they all learn mandarin and have the same writing system , think of themselves as being from the same culture , which existed before christ was born . 
  not really a good comparison if you ask me . 
  wait , greek people in the country side speak turkish and albanian ? 
  i love your country . 
  here we only have dub and it 's really bad imo . 
  no wonder our english level is so low . 
   we hate it when a game is in dutch why ? 
  flairless people have no right to speak , sorry, 
  they are economically the far left that existed maybe 50 years ago . 
  or gaullist, 
  not our fault if they decided to put their country on the wrong side of germany, 
  `` many '' does n't mean anything . 
  just like total i agree . 
  fact is the vast majority of german people either fled of were expelled . 
  does n't mean no one got to stay behind . 
  it was , he 's wrong . 
  millions of germans were expelled in 1945, 
  i think it 's just an ongoing debate . 
  this article talks about it a little bit : http://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2010/11/daily_chart_1 an article that agree with me : http://www.voxeu.org/article/gdp-and-life-satisfaction-new-evidence, 
  soon my friends , europe will be ours . 
  catholicism is bigger than protestantism in germany, 
  that second graph is so bad . 
  the truth is gdp per capita is important for the measure of happiness , until the point people have enough money to ensure their basic needs are met . 
  then more complicated factors make generalisation impossible . 
  yes , it says this paper talks about violence against women . 
  nowhere does it deny the existance of violence against other people . 
  just like the `` eu-wide '' does n't mean that europe is the only continent in the world . 
  and what part says that there is no male victims ? 
  that 's the thing i ca n't understand with eastern europe . 
  a lot of gender equality because communism , then you have all the nutjobs going crazy with that religious/traditionnal revival . 
  what the fuck . 
  by the same logic , does it means there are no other continents than europe ? 
  from the morning wood i get every morning , i 'm sure i 'm a victim of sexual harrasment . 
  for myself maybe , but harassment nonetheless, 
  let me explain again . 
  what you guys did in scotland was incredible for us french . 
  a true exemple of functionning democracy . 
  the thing is , scottish society as a whole was ready for it , and it was about something everyone was interested about . 
  in france , most people do n't know shit about the eu , or economy . 
  or whatever . 
  they 'll just vote against the party in power . 
  but it absolutly ca n't work here . 
  as they said , our political system is too polarised . 
  we had an election sunday . 
  the only political arguments we heard were namecalling and the question of whether muslim kids can eat hallal food at school or not . 
  it is a shame . 
  what all the french here are telling you is that we need to get our shit together before trying to use referendums . 
  will we ever do it ? 
  i do n't think so , at least not in the near future . 
  economic crises are not fun, 
  yes , it 's true that they are shorter , and we 're much less vocal about this issue ( on / r/london they tell people not to do that ) . 
  it 's still a problem , many times i missed my train because there was a herd of slowpokes in front of me . 
  londoners are way more cordial in the metro than parisians . 
  in paris you have to make your own way to the exit . 
  in london everybody was chill . 
  also , way less idiots standing still on the left side of the escalator . 
  you 're not the only one waiting for that spot , friend . 
  well , i 'm french , and we mostly do n't care about the surrender monkeys meme and whatever . 
  it 's annoying , but only shows that the burgers suck at history . 
  what 's annoying is the people thinking they know the country better than us . 
  it was absolutly awful after the charlie attacks . 
  fuck you , we like our securalism , and we do n't need millions of americans , each with his own shitty opinion . 
  jokes are fine . 
  but only europeans know how to make good jokes about other europeans . 
  there is a different between thinking you can speak english properly , and actually being able to do it . 
  being on reddit , you must know english much better than most people , so of course you 'll think they all suck . 
  but i think the vast majority of younger people is able to hold a basic conversation in english . 
  at least , i hope so , we 're bad enough after 6 + years of english at school and english words/media showed to us everyday . 
  yes . 
  forging a common culture would have been for efficient . 
  they focused on economy and as soon as it god bad people starting turning against the eu .
