  that was another exemple . 
  there was expulsions . 
  for exemple i do n't know what general was a catholic english who fled to france . 
  there was also the massacres of catholic irishmen . 
  16 and 17 century english history is full of fears of `` papist plots ''  my remark could n't be described as intelligent or non-intelligent - the `` worst '' , but still `` intelligent '' rating would be `` a speculation '' . 
  wot m8  they all wanted and asked to go to north america and settle territories owned by france . 
   french territories , they did n't ask anything strange . 
  the only reason why elites did n't allow them is chauvinism and arrogance . 
  i was talking about english government in america here , do n't know where you 're going . 
  also , ** why do you write like that ? 
  ** it adds nothing but visual pollution . 
  damn the study i talked about was exactly about that . 
  ( and that 's how i was convinced ) . 
  i 'll try to find it tonight . 
  the conclusion was that esperanto was the better way . 
  congratulations for writing an actual good point . 
  the thing is , language never is a neutral way of expression . 
  you 're talking about the huguenots , which is a very different mattern . 
  ( quite stupid i agree ) . 
  but england did the exact same thing , on a smaller scale maybe , when it became protestant . 
  a lot of catholic english people went to france , or kept sending their children to study there . 
  i do say that your sentence was not intelligent because teleology is a common stupid mistake when talking about history. , i did not argue about your intelligence . 
  and the huguenots were not numerous enough to replace the english speaking population , even if they all went to america , and it 's not like the english-speaking government would have allowed it . 
  ( just like they wiped german in the 20th ), 
  not `` everyone '' is using english . 
  even so , that does n't absolve us from thinking . 
  and english-only is a bad decision . 
   ( it 's too late to learn it now ) no it 's not !, 
  and i thought like you before i read that study that showed it was a bad decision , advantaging native english speakers . 
  while esperanto was easier and cheaper . 
  i also agree that we need to tear down the barriers between eu contries . 
  but even as people get better in english , it 's not happening , the problem is deeper than that . 
  it 's easy to learn , way more than english . 
  the point is to be able to speak english to a world audience and esperanto to fellow europeans , to give a sense of a common culture . 
  that 's a part of the explanation of a much more complicated and lengthy process, 
  that 's because i do n't care about the language we choose , as long as it 's made to fairly serve european integration, 
  still is enough to show the one who think europe was just a business association that they 're wrong . 
  also , you think it is a footnote , but is it really ? 
  popular knowledge does not get to chose what is important and what is not . 
  in the 80s european cadres in brussels really feared the growing importance of us media in europe , and wanted to protect european culture . 
  sadly on reddit most people like to think we should just become the us , but i guess that 's normal for the demographic . 
   which is true for every language you pick . 
  to get around such advantages , every eu citizen should learn english starting from the first grade and english should be an official language in every eu country ( all services should be available in english by law ) . 
  combine that with the fact that english is the language of the vast majority of media and the internet and around us everywhere , and any unfair advantages quickly go away . 
  personally i 'm not a native english speaker , but there 's no way anyone has an advantage over me because of that , and i started learning it in the 3rd grade . 
  even then , english teaching is uniform ( for exemple , it 's complete and utter shit in france ) . 
  and that 's not doable , europe does n't exist to change the national cultures , but to create a synthesis of them , without replacing them . 
  the main way of building the eu was the economy for practical purposes . 
  ( and because a lot of other initiatives failed ) . 
  but it is not the european project . 
  yes , and by learning english we immerge ourselves in a world culture ( or at least we think so , in practice it 's pretty much the anglosphere + the minorities who learned english , really far from being representative of the whole world ) what i want is europe to have its own identity , not to be america 2 . 
  you really think people would do a study without taking that information into account ? 
  immobilism is not an argument . 
  maybe eelv , that would sound like them . 
  also , i 'm talking about what would be the best course of action if the eu wanted to take a rational decision . 
  i should be a pan-european initiative . 
  i do n't think it will happen . 
  and i do n't really care , i speak english . 
  studying european history is awesome, 
  esperanto is also related to european languages and is easier to learn . 
  it would be cheaper to give esperanto classes to every european than make them all learn english . 
  ( again , there was a study about it and i 'm too lazy to find it again ) i also believe europe is more than a business association . 
  and finally , mandarin still is the world 's most spoken language ( there is just enough people in chine to have the world 's most spoken language and some more ) . 
  see another post when i said that english was not the lingua franca when england was the first power . 
  it became so with globalisation . 
   yes , i just used your logic where you found out that english is lingua franca in eu because of usa influence and not because the number of speakers ( as consequence of usa influence - just like the crown influenced citizens of usa ) . 
   btw , several hundred thousands of french speakers were expelled from france ( as they were members of different religion ) in the time when france had huge territory in north america . 
  if they were allowed to settle there , all the world would be speak french today . 
  but , arrogance and chauvinism of french elites did n't allow them that ( even if they thought of north america as totally worthless land at that time ) , so england accepted those fugitives and assimilated them through the time . 
  french/german/english are very close when it comes to native speakers i really do n't see why you 're speaking about 18th century history . 
  but you 're also wrong here . 
  french people were encouraged to emigrate in new france . 
  they just did n't because it was poor as fuck . 
  the king and his ministers would have loved to see more colonists going there , but it did not happen . 
  the philosophes were the one who thought it was worthless . 
  the thing is , it was , compared to the sugar islands . 
  they tried to invest in louisiana in the early 18th and france got bankrupted . 
  your part on `` we would be speak french today '' is not very intelligent . 
  nobody knows what would happen , and france could only take a decision based on the availaible information at that time . 
  also , the french speakers in new france were not fugitives . 
  and if genocide ( see the acadians ) is a way of assimilating people , welle that 's you 're opinion ( i 'm trolling here , ne need to answer to that we 'll save time . ), 
  there was a study here not long ago that showed that esperanto was easier and cheaper to learn than english , because it was created to be simple . 
  having an advantage when it comes to public speaking does n't mean england would dominate the institutions . 
  it means what i wrote , that they have an advantage . 
  english is easier to learn because we 're immersed in it ( that 's why i 'm good at it while i had trouble with spanish , it was just not useful to learn ) . 
  but esperanto is even easier , its purpose was to be easy to learn . 
  and english just seems easy to you , but it 's not that much . 
  pronounciation is very arbitrary for exemple and hard to learn . 
   english is adopted because it 's easier to learn than french , german or spanish . 
  and we all love american culture . 
  and the internet speaks in english . 
  and languages are an organic thing that ca n't be controlled with laws and regulations , so good luck convincing the eu of giving the french equal ground with the english . 
  no it 's not easier . 
  and loving american culture is not the reason behind the eu . 
  france could start speaking english i would n't care . 
  but it wo n't happen . 
  and english people will always have an advantage in european affairs because it 's always easier to use your native language than it is to use a language you learnt , no matter the time you put into it . 
  europe was not only made because of the us . 
  it was also made because unity was the only way to preserve its way of life . 
  see the declaration on european identity of 1973 .
