we did too in france , but absolutly nobody is following the reform . 
  that guy talked about using lethal force , not going to give him the benefit of the doubt as to what he meant . 
  do n't care much about kissinger , it 's just funny how he 's suddently the wisest man ever when he happens to have a quote that goes with the circlejerk . 
  meanwhile , no one cares about the macedonian on migrant violence . 
  balkan gangs are not fun, 
  because it 's better in a government 's mind to default than to compromise its military . 
  even more if the money they would gain is not even enough to solve the problem . 
  they 'll still have debt , and a vulnerable military . 
  greece spends a lot for its defense because it feels threatened by turkey . 
  syriza is also in a coalition with this souverainist party who holds the ministry of defense , so they probably would oppose that move anyway . 
  europe 's motto is `` unity in diversity '' . 
  you 've got the english version for unity and the french one for diversity , i do n't see where is the problem . 
  given how wrong reddit and anglophone articles are when talking about france ( damn this charlie thing was painful ) , it 's not bad to have local language articles . 
  should be done with every country . 
  i also fail to see why a non-english article is not `` proper '' . 
  that 's bad nationalism . 
  for most people in europe , english is the foreign language . 
  i 'm glad to see our linguistic diversity , be it by reading french , latvian or any other european tongue . 
   on the contrary , it has to pass 28 member state parliaments , the european parliament , does it ? 
  i thought it was an agreement between the eu and the us , without the need to have a vote in each parliament . 
   yes . 
  and ? 
  they both are considered languages and i do n't see why you 're arguing that mandarin is not . 
   that 's a language to distinguish themselves , not to unify . 
  and mostly a revival of an existing language with the gaps filled in . 
  it was rebuild after hundreds if not thousands of years , that 's completely artificial for me . 
  every standard language could be considered artificial by your logic . 
   if they 're not mutually intelligible , then what 's the point ? 
  you could say the same with arabic , or with german . 
   there is a reason why artificial languages were never chosen as a communication language , even in countries where the alternative was the language of the hated colonizer . 
  because it would be impractical and not useful to start from almost zero . 
  hebrew ? 
   the point was to disprove that mandarin is the most widely spoken language . 
  it would be the same as saying the latin is the most widely spoken language on the planet , if you add all the romance languages ( and perhaps even english due to its vocabulary ) together . 
  yes , and you 're once again wrong . 
  mandarin still is the most spoken , even if there are other languages in china . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_number_of_native_speakers  and none of them used an artificial language , but they used ones that were useful and practical and historically handed to them . 
  every language is artificial . 
  i do n't see where is the problem . 
   however , linguists have questioned the appropriateness of this translation , pointing out that under the usual criterion of mutual intelligibility , the major varieties would be considered separate languages . 
  did you read what you sent ? 
  it just say that chinese language other than mandarin should n't be called dialects because they 're not mutually intelligible . 
  in truth it 's just because the distinction in chinese is more political than scientific . 
  does n't say that mandarin does n't exist . 
  ( thanks god , that would mean that more than a billion people have to learn at school something that does n't exist )  if the language develops and will be used as if it 's a natural language then expressions and quirks will grow , making it harder still . 
  perhaps even regional ones , defeating the point of having a roof language . 
  that 's the whole point , build an european culture . 
   you ca n't just decree a language to be used unless you 're a dictatorship , and then still only on your own territory . 
  the eu has a territory , and no , you 're once again talking without knowing . 
  almost all of africa , india , china , and probably other i forget make their population learn a language to allow communication between ethnic groups . 
  it has nothing to do with being a dictatorship ( except if you consider paying taxes and going to school is tyranny )  i 'd rather have a living language than a frankenstein 's monster stitched together from pieces of other languages . 
  how would that artificial abomination be more conductive to culture ? 
  you realise that english really is as much of a frankenstein 's monter than esperanto ? 
  germanic roots , and then it stole words everywhere , to the point it 's almost more of a romance language now . 
   no , it would n't . 
  there 's no body of esperanto culture to train in and the starting amount of speakers is significantly lower . 
  that 's a fact , esperanto is an artificial language made to be easy . 
  it 's ten times easier to learn than english . 
  if all europe would learn it the amount of availaible material would quickly grow . 
   that has nothing to do with the choice of language . 
  you 're wrong . 
  i want a language that would be a tool to create an european culture . 
  not one that would just make business easier but make europe soulless  again , mandarin is not a spoken language just like latin is not a spoken language . 
  alright , that 's completely wrong . 
  but please find something that back your claim i really do n't understand why people talk about things they do n't know anything about . 
  mandarin is a language spoken by hundreds of millions . 
  then there is the standard dialect every chinese has to learn . 
   above is bullshit . 
  from the logic view , has nothing with history . 
  the fact is that of hundred of thousands of them noone settled in french territory and you 're trying to explain that with ... 
  what ?!, 
  prove me wrong then . 
  and i was not talking about the huguenots , which were forbidden to go in new france because the government did not want to just displace the problem somewhere it would be harder to control . 
   why it is wrong to say , for example , that in the history of europe there were no more bloodthirsty and more wicked people then normans and illyrians were ? 
  because `` wickedness '' and `` bloodthirst '' are n't valid notions when it comes to history . 
  nobody cares about that . 
  it 's subjective and useless . 
   it was a guess , a speculation . 
  to involve stupid or any similar remark you should break the logic behind , not just note that the process in the mean of proffesion , historiography , is n't suitable/is stupid . 
  i broke the logic behind . 
  it 's teleology , and it 's unforgivable in history ( source : i 'm a history student )  i remarked that is the case because french chauvinists did n't allow french citizens to settle on french territory in north america . 
  and i told you that 's not true . 
  the government wanted settlers to go there ( especially during the law system/helped the one already there ( filles du roy ) . 
  they knew that the colonies were undefendable agains the english ones . 
  but it was not in french culture to emigrate . 
   we do n't need whataboutism here , do we ? 
  you 're telling me that france was doing stupid shit , i 'm telling you england did the same and that it 's not something worth incriminating france . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esperanto#education https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaedeutic_value_of_esperanto, 
  esperanto is 10 times quicker to learn than english . 
  in my opinion that 's a cheap price to pay for a european culture . 
  also what you 're describing is the norm in a huge part of the world ( africa/china/india ) . 
   unfortunately learning languages is strongly tied to the age ( development of the brain ) , and i 'm too old to effectively learn new languages . 
  it is , you 'll never be able to learn a language like a child , but you can still learn it . 
  i 'm trying my shot at mandarin . 
  but that 's a hobby like another , it 's stupid to do it because of your job , too must investment for little return . 
  also , you may think of yourself as fluent ( i do n't know ) , but there is always a way to cherrypick . 
  for exemple english european mep at one moment faked not being able to understand `` water '' pronounced with a continental accent ( french i guess ) , which sounds like `` ouater '' , and so they said people they could n't understand them ( which in a limited time setting is very embarassing ) . 
  it 's little things like that that give native speakers an advantage . 
  for me esperanto is the most pragmatic way : it 's easier ( 150 hours of esperanto study = 1500 hours of english one ) , and it 's fair for every nation in europe . 
   dude , what beside a hypocrisy could be your try to equalize expelling with studying ?
