umm ... hell yeah i 'd do all that . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  the blame lies with the eu for being so short-sighted . 
  when do you hear `` toy-key '' ? 
  i personally ca n't hear it . 
  i just hear `` tur-key '' . 
  most of london is n't either , but they 're part of the anglosphere . 
  her accent sounds very british to me . 
  maybe british mixed with something else , but british nonetheless . 
  what are you on ? 
  you really think someone would joke about 100 brazilian dollars ? 
  the eu is already number 1 tho, 
  they 're not equally bad , but that 's only because trump is like a nuclear bomb going off . 
  she 's still pretty bad and pretty corrupt , but at least she does n't make our country look like complete idiots . 
  i 'd rather have a pro-russia us than another cold war as well , but everything else that comes with the that ai n't worth it . 
  even if taiwan is overtaken , the taiwanese will especially be anti-ccp and it will be difficult to govern the island . 
  it 's also possible that the invasion succeeds over the lives of a large portion of the taiwanese people , which could lower support of an invasion in the mainland . 
  people align with those whose views align with theirs . 
  anyways , at least the us sort of tries to act like it cares about human rights . 
  crime is n't that bad , tbh . 
  and not everyone , of course , but i 'm sure a few would take a slightly lower standard of living for being able to live how they want . 
  how about asylum in argentina or uruguay ? 
  is it too expensive as well ? 
  granted , they 'd have to learn spanish , but they have to learn a language in europe anyways unless they end up in the uk . 
   i know a bisexual muslim who eats bacon and rarely prays . 
  they believe that although they are sinners allah will forgive them when they die . 
  do you not see the problem with these things being sins in the first place ? 
  they may not follow the quran 100 % , but if they believe in it 100 % , then it 's a problem, 
   you mean like deuteronomy 13 and 17 ? 
  just like most christians most muslims are n't fundamentalists so they do n't believe that shit . 
  christians have modernized their religion . 
  it no longer resembles the religion of the past for pretty much everyone . 
  changing , not following , or modernizing any part of the quran is impossible because it is literally anti muslim to do so . 
  it 's legally impossible . 
  mexico 's constitution forbids it . 
  argentina and uruguay are whiter than the us , canada , and australia . 
  argentina and uruguay allowed gay marriage before the us did and australia does n't even allow it yet . 
  maybe i overestimated how much they speak english . 
  i mean , i get it . 
  it 's uninteresting to you guys , but it 's annoying to hear portunhol when it only takes a month to actually learn spanish and instead y' all want to learn german even though they all speak english anyways . 
  if making yourself understood is the only important thing , then may as well speak english and that 's it . 
  all other languages are near useless to learn pretty much . 
  they use portunhol , but portunhol is n't spanish . 
  personally , portunhol sounds terrible to the ears . 
  it 's like they 're butchering the language trying to pretend they speak . 
  at least use galician or something . 
  which explains why they 're mostly terrible at spanish . 
   it was introduced in schools some years ago , as an option , but i 'm actually against that if it 'll stop you lot from speaking like cristiano ronaldo , i 'm all for it . 
  we had a full war that kind of decided we call it `` is '' . 
  well , yeah , i know , but that was n't really the point i was arguing for . 
  well , i 'm just repeating what i 've heard , but many of them that experienced both say that though europe style racism is better , but it 's not by much . 
  i 've never really experienced racism myself in the us ( i 'm not black ) , so i 'd be curious to see if europe is this utopia y' all make it out to be . 
  edit : actually , nvm , i might 've experienced it one day when i left the city , but if it was , it was so subtle that i 'm still not sure . 
  but uhh , it 's still not a major issue to me personally at this point . 
  i 've heard from blacks everywhere in europe that there is racism just as much as i 've heard there is n't . 
  almost relevant username is relevant . 
  by the western eye , i meant the general population . 
  most people barely know about those things . 
  2016 is seriously a pretty eventful year with regards to a lot of things for the western eye . 
  definitely more eventful than the past 6 years . 
  i get lectured by y' all that your culture is different whenever i try to say that the west is not that different and are in fact very similar aside from language . 
  and recent enough that people wo n't forget it . 
  word . 
  what the fuck do these people have against friendships ? 
  word . 
  i hear all these stories and i 'm like , that does not sound like the detroit i 've been in . 
  could be that i went to the touristy areas , but still ... 
  haha , it ai n't that much of a feat to google `` german army copypasta '' . 
  wish i could take the credit for the thing , but i ca n't, 
  i mean , you have the right to believe what you want , but i 'll repeat my first point . 
  it 's hard to feel pity , when i ca n't even see it as a bad thing . 
  anyways , i think we 've expressed what we needed to express . 
  the way it happened , sure . 
  but the end result is n't that bad . 
  anyways , i 'm a mestizo , the result of the invasion of the europeans , and though the invasion part was n't nice , the end result is n't necessarily terrible , in terms of losing culture . 
  new cultures are created and that 's not bad . 
  so long as we do n't recreate the invasion part ( small scale immigration like you 've had is n't an invasion ) , i do n't see the problem . 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  i do n't view it as a bad thing in the first place . 
  europe already did it to a lot of the world . 
  i ca n't really feel pity , especially when i do n't see it as a bad thing in the first place . 
  they have no choice but to hold it against us . 
  the us chose the child as president and europeans will take every action from now on knowing that the us is an unreliable ally that can choose someone who prefers duterte and putin to merkel . 
  in the things he 's done , he 's nowhere near as bad as bush , but reputation-wise , his election has proved all the `` people in the us are ignorant '' stereotypes . 
  even if it 's not everyone , it 's clearly a sizeable amount . 
  and if one is blaming the democrats , screw you . 
  trump beat a billion republicans to be at the point where he is now . 
  do n't keep up with eurovision , i 'm guessing ? 
  australia has been in eurovision for 2 years now . 
  and they were robbed last year when ukraine beat them for probably political reasons . 
  [ here 's australia 's song from last year by dami im ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eg_jtw4oyu&amp;list=rd2eg_jtw4oyu ) , if you care enough to watch it . 
  haha , i 've finally been alternative fact 'd . 
  did you see how the dude started his campaign ? 
  he literally vilified himself from the start . 
  really ? 
  i took it as gospel because two different spaniards told me that when i asked them ... 
  i wonder why i got those answers ... 
  very good points !, 
  i 'll just add a few things , mostly my own thoughts . 
  i was looking at the us census definition of hispanic/latino and it 's a mess .
