... what am i even looking at, 
  because we dress better than southern europeans, 
  corbyn should stay out of any military conflict with north korea . 
  would you care to take a wager on that ? 
  i just dont see how you 're going to pump that much water, 
  we will , only if the germans agree to turn it into a giant water park, 
  it almost looks as if nobody lives in that part of africa ... 
  you do realise there were indigenous people with thousands of years of history living on saint kitts and nevis , before it became saint kitts and nevis , right ? 
  i fail to see your point . 
  my point is that those 2 countries are n't the only ones that rewrite history , and will never be the only 2 . 
  literally every country has had to rewrite it 's history - some for good reasons , some for bad reasons . 
  this article is merely propaganda . 
  africa has it way better than europe does . 
  always the right temperature and amount of rain , without the freezing winters, 
  feels like 47 degrees in croatia , that 's pretty newsworthy, 
  it 's not just you , she is incredibly misinformed, 
   from turkey to china , strongmen rewrite the past to suit their ends stopped reading as soon as i saw this stupid comment . 
  how can she act like rewriting history is just a trait attributed to people who live from turkey to china . 
  the roman empire deleted so much our history that we have no idea who came before them in some places, 
  what kind of stupid people would think they could get away with that ? 
  i suppose , but what are people supposed to do when invaders with superior technology take their towns i do n't think looking away would make anyone a coward , but still , it 's a good poem i do n't deny that, 
  he is default when you do n't know who you 're talking to ... you also called me ` man ' , you 're guilty of this too what have you got against autism ? 
  you dickhead if you think that saying spanish people talk like they have a lisp is `` having a sense of humour '' ... then i refuse to be lectured by somebody with less than 2 brain cells, 
  the poems a bit unfair ... 
  is n't it ? 
  `` let it go '' he pleads ... `` why are you picking fights '' he says ... ... ... ... . . while doing the exact opposite you are a first class dickhead, 
  tried warning you, 
  it 's let go , you just need to be aware of these things before you end up offending the wrong person, 
  how are you gon na insult spain 's language and not expect people on the internet to call you out on it, 
  maybe you should try being able to answer questions correctly ... who 's going to laugh at a seagull chicken anyway , you 're overselling yourself, 
  only because the celts were harder to conquer than all the rest , 
  everyone should speak like you then , should they ? 
  you mean , like regular people do ? 
  never trust a man with no shirt on https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b9vzw38iuaalqyx.png, 
  i agree with your comment 100 % and i too hope a solution is found soon . 
  i just think everyone loves to hate the english ... ( it 's easy to see why after all , i can tell you i do n't enjoy being ethnically british and living in england , which is a country colonised by germans ) there are so many different people and ethnicities in the uk , some from all over the world , some are muslim and do n't drink alcohol , some are christian and do n't have sex before marriage what i 'm trying to say is that not all of us young british people are loud , drunk and annoying, 
  because mythology . 
  the people who took gibraltar were very serious people who believed in the ancient greek classical texts most english people never consider gibraltar a problem , in fact , most people do n't think about gibraltar at all . 
  it 's not a source of patriotism or pride . 
  this is despite the fact that if spain took the same amount of land in england , there would be riots on the streets . 
  i still struggle to understand the mindset of my fellow countrymen, 
  i think people from the uk do this too . 
  you wo n't hear people say they come from the uk , but they will say `` i 'm from scotland , wales , england , ireland etc. '', 
  they have http://www.independent.co.uk/news/tourist-tax-introduced-to-conserve-popular-spanish-islands-balearic-archipelago-a6998581.html, 
  my point about britain , complaining about tourists britain is the nation of complaining . 
  yet nobody sees tourism as a bad thing . 
  people are used to overcrowded cities . 
  iberian 's just want to condemn all tourists who come to their countries ( as proven by the recently proposed tourism tax in spain . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/tourist-tax-introduced-to-conserve-popular-spanish-islands-balearic-archipelago-a6998581.html ) because of the simple-minded actions of a simple-minded few , who , i can assure you , are not much liked in their own countries either . 
  all i 'm hearing is a lot of objections and complaints ... and not a lot of solutions to the problem and i did n't say your economies depended on it !, 
  i asked whether iberian countries would survive without tourism money !, 
  they are an infinite number of ways to solve the problem . 
  from what i can see , the only solutions the spanish government has offered are to tax tourists and introduce stricter licensing . 
  i 'm not even sure it would be worth it for portugal to take this approach . 
  this kind of approach is only going to lead to northern tourists ( most of whom are already poor and stupid - if you 're from the uk that is ) not spending enough when they go on holiday . 
  it will not severely decrease the amount of tourists - which i understand is what you are concerned about in the first place - the number of tourists . 
  i think places like lisbon and barcelona are very popular for young people in the north of europe . 
  i ca n't explain why . 
  i 've just left college and the amount of students at my college who went to lisbon and barcelona is ridiculous . 
  my sister has been to lisbon and barcelona this year . 
  she works hard all year round in a shitty service job , despite being only 24 years old and having 2 degrees from one of the top universities in the world , never mind uk . 
  she works for little pay and long hours so she can go to these nice places with her boyfriend . 
  it 's really nice to see her doing something she enjoys . 
  when i said do n't blame the british for being delinquent and obscene - i mean the opposite . 
  ive spent my whole life trying to avoid such delinquents , but that still ca n't mean the people who work hard all year to come to your countries should be treated like delinquents . 
  some people look forward to it for months . 
  some people spend years saving up for a holiday to iberian countries where they can `` blow off steam '' ( does n't really mean anything to most british people other than lying around in the sun all , and forgetting about the general mania of british daily life ) . 
  if they seem distracted , unwilling to integrate with locals , it 's because they are . 
  they 've dreamed of going somewhere sunny for so long that they have completely romanticised it in their minds . 
  this situation is exacerbated when alcohol , and groups of 5 + people from the uk who get together on holiday eventually come into the mix . 
  i ca n't really tell you anything more about such ` en masse ' drunkards , other than the fact i probably hate them more than you do  and i have to live in the same country as them, 
  i know it was , my other points still stand, 
  has britain complained once ? 
  no , we probably could n't do without 10 % of our gdp . 
  but even after brexit , throwing tourists out of our country is not on anyone 's mind in the slightest . 
  have we launched an assault on all spanish/portuguese people for the intolerant actions of a few ? 
  ( just like the s/p like to do with us ! ), 
  do we condemn all spanish/portuguese tourists because some ca n't handle prices rising in their capital city ( every city suffers from high prices now . 
  how can you still not accept that in the 21st century , seriously ) do we talk about not allowing fellow europeans to our countries ? 
  while saying at the same time `` it 's okay !, 
  the japanese will come to our rescue ! '' ... 
  yeah right , like the japanese wan na travel all the way to spain every year ... you need northerners and quite frankly , your country takes billions of our money every year and you think you have the right to say `` ok , our economy is n't great , we have high unemployment , but yes !, 
  we will stifle the industry that employs a large amount of workers and resdistributes some of the wealth throughout europe , all because we do n't like loud northerners ! '', 
  it reminds me of a quote from an article i read about the spanish economy : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-17753891 `` evidently , this crisis has nothing to do with the recklessness of spain 's government . 
  instead , it was other people in spain who behaved recklessly '' after seeing unqualified people on here talk as though they know better than the professionals , this statement becomes all to clear . 
  you think that regurgitating everything you read on elpais is somehow the answer to all your countries problems, 
  good point !, 
  i missed that one , 
  i 'd never even considered that a place exists where temperature changes as much as 20 degrees in a couple days . 
  that 's crazy now that i think about it , i suppose rain is pretty easy to deal with if you have a car, 
  the cheapest way to do it would be to buy a sim card from each country and find the best deals for internet data . 
  you could use only one sim card from one country , but if you plan to use internet data you might have to pay additional charges http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2017/06/15/eu-roaming-charges-dropped-today-means-ee-vodafone-o2-three/ there are no more roaming charges in the eu now , however if you 're using internet data you might have to pay additional charges . 
  i think the best thing would be to buy a cheap deal on a sim card from each country you plan to visit, 
  that 's quite disheartening :( the carpathians are too beautiful not to visit . 
  i 'm not sure i want to come across bears and wolves though . 
  i 'm guessing it 's dangerous to venture out there without a dog or a rifle ? 
  also i just looked at romania on google maps . . 
  i never knew such a big country could have so few roads after reading about romania on the internet and watching thousands of romanians move to my town ( only some of them speak english , the rest are hard to talk to ) , romania will forever be a mystery to me . 
  it 's a kind of mystery that i ca n't help but be drawn towards, 
  europeans get drunk just as bad as canadians .
