if qi taught me anything it 's that scottish lords licked their suzerain 's nipples and losing them meant you could n't rule . 
  would you count your family living under rockets every day as effecting your life ? 
  that 's not sarcasm , just a serious question from a jew . 
  you 're exactly right , eesti . 
  i once had a gypsy hater explain to me why he does n't hate jews , too . 
  basically , it comes down to the fact that he ca n't tell what a jew looks like and they assimilate better ... which did n't really make much sense to me but that 's how he explained it . 
  do n't worry dutchies , i 'm proud of you . 
  i 've noticed a lot of russian americans idolize the soviet union . 
  does n't make much sense . 
  how is social mobility any different than say , sweden ? 
  the massive outsourcing i do n't think can be used a point because it has nothing to do with being dystopian and even then those jobs are n't in europe somewhere so that would n't make them any more utopian . 
  most political systems are corrupt and polarized and while the us may be a good example due to the amount of power these men are provided it is n't even close to being the worst and is n't nearly as corrupt as it 's made to seem . 
  militarized police ? 
  as in ? 
  how in the world is state surveillance omnipresent ? 
  they have a hard time catching anyone for anything and remember this too , the swedes helped the nsa . 
  regional oligarchies ? 
  that one should just be tossed out and replaced with regional monopolies if you 're thinking about the things you listed . 
  i really do n't believe that any state is dystopian yet and i do n't find it a very apt word to describe any of them either . 
  `` dystopia '' care to explain how ? 
  huh . 
  that 's odd , i 've only had one trip there and i guess i was just exposed to all of them . 
  a good number of people in scania identify as scanian which is more closely related to being danish than being swedish . 
  the swedes made a deal with the danish for east denmark and promised them some self-governance but broke the deal and the small remaining population is a bit resentful and that attitude is n't liked by the other swedes . 
  first i 've heard of the matter , source ? 
  exposure bias , i believe would present itself as an answer to this phenomenon . 
  because they 're assholes that reject swedish culture ... maybe . 
  hey , south tirolean people say that they 're austrian . 
  it 's the kashubian flag , it 's only a slight difference . 
  yellow is slightly off . 
  nope , just the wrong flag , heh . 
  how 's mine ? 
  a system where only two parties control grossly disproportionate amounts of the power in a country versus parties that are not those two . 
  i do n't know much about this , but , why are n't the liberal democrats and centrists as common as they once were ? 
  that 's a really convincing doppelganger !, 
  thanks for telling me this . 
  i 've upvoted you and downvoted those you argue against twice now with the exact same amounts of karma in both instances - i like you . 
  whoa , whoa , whoa - i just completed my thesis on godwin 's law !, 
  the simple answer is no . 
  that was heartwarming . 
  i 've actually got a piece of it next to me at this moment . 
  okay - we 're sorry , norway . 
  and when he humped that [ random woman while exiting a building ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xsbr7nplwe&amp; ) . 
  ( he 's saying it because they are ), 
  just going to say what i said earlier...war-torn countries that exist in a state of squalor are a veritable breeding ground for the whole gamut of infectious diseases - this is evidence of that reality . 
  this is just another reason for bilateral intervention into the crises present in syria and a reason for further involvement in the middle east , despite the political repercussions associated with the notion . 
  i for one enjoy the current system of lex sanguinis . 
  i do n't really want a change - especially to jus soli . 
  former yugoslavian republic of macedonia takes the cake . 
  sadness and regret . 
  war-torn countries that exist in a state of squalor are a veritable breeding ground for the whole gamut of infectious diseases - this is evidence of that reality . 
  this is just another reason for bilateral intervention into the crises present in syria and a reason for further involvement in the middle east , despite the political repercussions associated with the notion . 
  haha !, 
  that 's true . 
  i think it 's time for a new hairstyle , if you know what i mean . 
  thanks , haha !, 
  no problem !, 
  true - but i do feel that those types of actions are n't necessarily conducive to keeping their former levels of influence . 
  a friendlier , more liberal approach might be better suited for that type of action . 
  i would add the british in to spacemanspiiff 's comment because they 're corroborating with the yankees , aussies , kiwis and canucks throughout this whole spying ordeal . 
  heh , i have to agree there , bud . 
  great !, 
  i 'm reasonable . 
  the key difference between our definitions of greed is that i do n't see the debt collection or holding as being greedy . 
  that makes far more sense !, 
  thanks . 
  sorry , i had a very narrow understanding of how that system is set up . 
  damn !, 
  those are some high quality costumes , would anyone happen to know where one could find costumes like that ? 
  edit : i misunderstood something , sorry !, 
  that 's the problem with a devolved government . 
  scotland gets to fuck around all they want ; for example , you know how when scotland got their devolved government they made higher education free to everyone in the eu ? 
  well , they also excluded england from that mix . 
  right . 
  i feel the amount of puppetry present in the anglosphere and shown through the five eyes agreement ( auscannzukus ) is a bit much . 
  chinese hacking is n't as big of a social issue at the moment as the anglosphere 's concerted efforts at spying on their own citizens and the citizens of their allies . 
  be able to take a bigger slice and require more products to be imported from abroad ? 
  is n't that a bit greedy ? 
  german is a great language to learn !, 
  in hs i learned latin , french , and chinese as a supplement to my knowledge of german and english and i never looked back . 
  right now i 'm learning italian , but lack someone to practice with consistently . 
  it 's actually exactly what he was talking about . 
  german workers are n't really underpaid in the sense you 're positing . 
  i like your new flag :p . baden stronk !, 
  yeah , i had to find a way around it , haha . 
  plus , it 's almost the same . 
  well then , any idea what a jew that criticizes israel would be called ? 
  that 's where jimmy carr hid his taxes , right ? 
  like france , the us was downgraded without great reason . 
  also , it was downgraded by the same agency . 
  others have not yet downgraded them to aa , odd is n't it ? 
  german-jew here , i 'd be more fearful if i was french or swedish . 
  the eu is still a more robust economic clime than that of russia ; i do n't find them to be of very much use if they keep acting in a threatening manner towards the rest of the western world . 
  i 've never actually heard of anything along those lines . 
  erm ... you are aware of the five eyes deal , right ? 
  basically the usa , uk , ca , au , and nz do n't spy on themselves , but instead , spy on each other and share the information . 
  it 's just further evidence of a , ` globalized , ' police state . 
  and is going to be very useful in future . 
  i am ... 
  what if they are ?
