  it was a thing . 
   my personal conclusion from all this is that while we are a very global when compared to earlier times , we are not ( yet ) a globalized word . 
  sure we are , it 's just that we have efficient markets . 
  the costs of importing those goods outweigh the potential profits . 
  yeah . 
  i would rather drive one than a ford ... and i drive a ford . 
   costly , but effective . 
  no no , the drugs are only expensive for us . 
  opko lost me too much money the past 2 years . 
  sweaters as well . 
  hp is based in california . 
  the last guitar i bought was a tele , but it was only $ 250 brand new as a first because it was made in korea . 
  never had an issue with it and it sounds great . 
  except for the explodey phones . 
  wow , til . 
  still my phone in the 90 's was a motherfucking brick . 
  i loved that thing . 
  then some jackass stole it . 
  i 'm sure it did when irish-americans were pretty openly discriminated against . 
  additionally , does he think that boston is the only city with irish diaspora ? 
   i do n't need an excuse for drinking . 
  some of us like our denial , okay ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with me !, 
  first time i did n't take off for st. paddy 's in a long time . 
  =( hope you had/are having fun !, 
  from reading a pretty obscene amount of irish contemporary literature , being irish is about being inconsolably depressed . 
  however , from my visits to ireland it seems the opposite is true . 
  also , the whole irish = drunks thing is so overstated . 
  your pubs close early comparatively and the general mood of the bars is much more lax than over here . 
  either way , having a fun drinking holiday is n't such a bad thing . 
  cheer up bud . 
  it could be worse , you could have mardi gras . 
  but you 're in california . 
  go out . 
  quietly planning the long game ? 
   unless one holds dual citizenship they are not irish-american . 
  i think that 's an arbitrary distinction to make , but whatever . 
  no , but some people think that calling someone a paddy is like calling them a mic . 
  why either are offensive eludes me . 
   wannabe irish americans as a 50/50 german/irish-american muttman , i did n't even know that was a thing . 
  that 's why you drive uber . 
  i think the charge is $ 250 if someone vomits in your car . 
  what 's wrong with populism ? 
  we living in the flyover will continue to humbly apologize to you enlightened coasters for our provincial ways . 
  i do n't think you understand that trump was a big `` fuck you '' to your attitude . 
  i did n't vote for trump , but when i read comments like this i get it . 
  with the 22nd highest gdp in the us , i think they 'll survive . 
  i mean , that 's why you take 3 weeks off ( unrealistic i know ) and try go go everywhere !, 
  clearly i do n't agree with them politically at all . 
  listen to farage over the farces that got them seats and others makes me sick . 
  look at how few representatives even bother appearing for hearings . 
  the eu is a joke . 
  of watching live feeds of these so called debates . 
  the most poignant views sadly came from ukip . 
  nice state of affairs . 
  out of pure curiosity , which shithole welfare county do you hail from ? 
  it would make my night even better, 
  i 've watched the `` debates '' in the eu live . 
  it 's an utter joke . 
  that 's not true representation . 
  jesus , i knew i was right when i pegged you for a 15 year old edge-lord . 
  we should have let the nazis shit all over you . 
  however , you do have one thing right - we are not up for the job . 
  clean up your own fucking mess . 
  good luck with your shit hole , wherever it may be . 
  you think that the eu parliament represents people in each individual country ? 
  federalism at that scale only worlds with a unifying body of law at the local/state/country level . 
  i do n't think any flag is a flag to die for . 
   again , you 're not european . 
  are you though ? 
  what country are you from ? 
   i found the person who does n't understand international law . 
  as a lawyer , i 'm confused about what `` international law '' you speak of . 
  please elaborate , oh master of law . 
  you have the most shit troll account ever . 
   oh no please , not the mighty russia . 
  you 're right , they are n't the second biggest military power in the world . 
   here 's a thing bro . 
  take your shitty military and fuck off . 
  i would love nothing more , as stated above . 
  hopefully , with our new administration we will leave brave warriors like you to take up arms in our stead . 
   and then let 's see what happens shall we . 
  indeed we shall . 
   who needs a military filled with cowards anyway . 
  nobody , but i 've never met an american coward . 
  which military do you speak of ? 
  perhaps we should have let russia or germany keep europe . 
  i 'm not alt-right , but i very much question the legitimacy and wisdom of the eu , as i think everyone should . 
  it is n't a flag to die for . 
   hahaha :d are you 12 ? 
  i 'm assuming this is an edgelord troll account , but in case it is n't . 
  imagine russia rolling over your country because you are n't in nato . 
  makes sense now , does n't it ? 
  if not , please confer with a book or two - or just look at ukraine . 
  finland has always held it 's own . 
   an eu army ? 
  it 's about time . 
  ah , sorry bruh , i forgot nato is completely run by the europeans . 
  do n't worry though , hopefully we will realize sooner or later that we should leave the eu to their own devices and not bother . 
  your countries have nothing to worry about because our blood , sweat and tears ( and money ) is spent protecting western europe .
