   arrest for hate speech . 
  well , that seems to be the problem right there . 
  haha , `` what the fuck ? 
  luxembourg is bombing us ?! '', 
  i have friends in nyc who do n't know where yonkers is . 
   the fact is , we as a country chose 2 parties . 
  that is patently false . 
  did you really want to limit presidential campaigning funds when you voted for your congressional representative ? 
  the real problem is that america has first past the post voting which is counter intuitive especially for a nation of our size . 
  the debates between the republican and democratic candidates are organized by a private organization called the commission on presidential debates ( cpd ) , which , believe it or not , is run jointly by the republican and democratic parties . 
  in this way , the two parties can cooperate in excluding third party candidates so that they fail to receive any significant attention . 
  jill stein and her running mate were arrested for trying to even attend one of the 2012 debates between obama and romney . 
  [ 58 % of americans believe we need a 3rd party . 
  ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/177284/americans-continue-say-third-political-party-needed.aspx ), 
  in that he does have some legitimate points , especially regarding our third party `` system '' . 
  dope intro song . 
   eu is already having huge problems in term of countries defending their national interests , how should we work as united , , europe , , when we will have 40-50 member states you shall become the united states of europe . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  wow , [ this one ] ( http://lbc.co.uk/mm/image/36343.jpg ) wins . 
  i am getting the point . 
  in the us speech that does not incite * immediate * violence or lawlessness is protected . 
   whether or not we should classify them as a bigot , which you do n't even want to do . 
  when did i say that , champ ? 
  i just do n't think she should be subject to criminal penalty for what i would consider to be protected speech . 
  if you really think #killwhitemen , a hash tag mind you , is inciting immediate violence against white men then i have a bridge to sell you . 
  i agree with him but that might be colored by the fact that i 'm american and this speech would clearly be protected as it does not incite immediate violence against anyone . 
  it 's civil disobedience . 
  the point is to make your life harder so you ca n't be passive as to the issues . 
  unfortunately , blm has n't been very good at making themselves sympathetic . 
  mlk jr. s they are not . 
  you do n't need a lot of protesters to block a road . 
  doing this on the weekend would have had a diminished effect . 
  just sayin . 
  kerrygold is imported . 
  i 've had it in ireland and in the us . 
  same stuff . 
   belgium or as nigel farage refers to it , `` pretty much a non country . '', 
  i do n't know why he qualifies his insults so often . 
  my point is that nobody is at war with us . 
  to be neutral there would need to be some sort of conflict to begin with , no ? 
  unless you count isis , but i imagine they do n't really care about your neutrality . 
  do n't tell him i 'm a halfsie and a hurler . 
  we are the same !, 
  i think that 's just the joker . 
   ukraine is n't a member of the eu . 
  much the same , they are not a nato member . 
   and that american military you like sucking off so much did n't help much either , so what use in having it around anyway ? 
  did you want the us to start wwiii in europe ? 
  i 'm confused , are we too effectual or ineffectual . 
  pick your poison . 
  also , as i stated in the very beginning of this comment chain , i would love nothing more than to allow the eu to fend for themselves on the defense front . 
  we cut spending 6 % this year alone . 
  not much we can do about it seeing as we get to decide between two hawks . 
   russia is a limb puppy , invade europe ? 
  funny man , you . 
  china is more interested in trading with europe than it is invading it . 
  i 'm glad you 're so trusting of other countries . 
  tell me again how that worked out for europe decades ago . 
  do you really think history is n't repeated and wars do n't happen anymore ? 
  fuck , ca n't you remember half the posts on this sub regarding ukraine ? 
  short term memory loss on this sub at all times . 
  when did i say country ? 
  you 're delusional if you think that there is a better trained and equipped military in the world . 
   `` peace , commerce , and honest friendship with all nations ... entangling alliances with none . '' - thomas jefferson we are n't so different , you and i. 
  seriously though , the us and ireland have very close ties . 
  i 'm not sure what difference a defense treaty would make practically speaking nor would it change anyone 's opinion regarding neutrality . 
  nobody is going to be dropping bombs on dublin . 
  seriously ? 
  you really think that the eu would stand a chance if china and russia suddenly got funny ideas about europe ? 
  ever heard of the marshall plan ? 
  you have quite the selective memory . 
  we are damned if we do and damned if we do n't . 
  why not just understand that your government wants the support of the us military . 
  if you did n't have it there would n't be much to stop anyone from coming in . 
  as a taxpayer , i would be completely cool with shutting down every european military base and fucking off for eternity . 
  we spend enough as it is . 
  that 's all well and good , but if the eu could defend itself i 'm sure the us would have no issue backing out . 
  do you think that your governments are n't complicit in this ? 
   got ta keep us in check . 
  so , i guess brexit is n't happening ? 
  got ta pick up some $ spy calls today . 
   it essentially invalidates our neutrality , which was brought about during ww2 . 
  how do you figure ? 
  we are n't at war with any country and neither are you . 
  do you mean us soldiers flying home with a connection in ireland ? 
  who cares ? 
  but if they are n't staffing them or paying anything for them it 's essentially a 15m lease . 
  you can build a prison in my back yard if you want . 
  i mean , we are n't * that * evil . 
  it 's called [ salah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salah ) or salat and is an obligatory religious duty . 
  they are supposed to pray five times a day . 
  it 's just a pool regarding perception , not actual quality . 
  for real , i know many people who go out of their way for german tools . 
  this is especially true since sears fucked up craftsman . 
  i have no personal opinion regarding your butt stuff . 
   you guys sucked at safety and driving around corners . 
  i mean , we spend most of our time driving in a straight line . 
  i basically totalled it 3 times and my insurer keeps rebuilding it rather than just totalling me out . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  i prefer the [ south butt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_south_butt ) .
