propaganda does not necessarily mean false . 
  well , you can thank seattle and portland for that . 
  moreover , that 's basically max capacity for most hockey rinks , so the nhl number probably is n't a fair indication of popularity . 
  let 's just hope it snows . 
  the mls had a pretty good wc as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it does n't help that the mls season is stupidly timed . 
  well ... the us firebombing of tokyo was so successful because it was almost wholly constructed from wood . 
  nagasaki and hiroshima were chosen because they had been relatively untouched during the war . 
  the target committee wanted the first bomb to be `` sufficiently spectacular for the importance of the weapon to be internationally recognized when publicity on it was released . '', 
  ( kurzman , day of the bomb 394 . ), 
  a pro-american sentiment is a disease ? 
  you 're just mad it was n't your imperialistic idea . 
  a fundamental understanding of economics is something only americans have knowledge of ? 
  yeah ... 
  fair enough . 
  iirc the offending bit was generalizing all `` muricans '' as racists . 
  why did you delete your post ? 
  why the unprompted america bashing though ? 
  it does n't make any sense given the context . 
  he mad . 
  i 'm confounded as to how this is america 's fault . 
  this study is sweedish . 
  do the dutch have a country ? 
  it seems that the american is confused by the issue considering this is n't considered an issue in our country . 
  i inferred that the following response beginning with `` as a european ... '' was an attempt to say , `` it does n't make sense here either . '', 
  further , / u/mshotts edits make it pretty clear that he did n't understand the issue because of how things are here . 
  tl ; dr : calm the fuck down , sally . 
  it 's much better for formatting than msword in the opinion of many firms . 
  you have to understand it 's not because most firms want to keep it , it 's more of a point of conformity when documents are going back and forth between firms . 
  the formatting gets completely fucked when you try to open a wp file on word and vice versa . 
  oh well , one day us young attorneys will be running the show . 
  wordperfect is the legal standard in the us . 
  it is alive and well . 
  sometimes you can infer context . 
  crazy , i know . 
  i have a better idea for ms. 
  if the eu does n't like the way they do business , just start selling computers with nothing preloaded . 
  want to use the free msword ? 
  tough titties bitches because that would be unfair to little old wordperfect . 
  want to use wmp ? 
  sorry , ca n't do that either - think of vlc and winamp !, 
  do n't feel like clicking the stupid `` continue '' button on your expired winrar ? 
  sorry , ms no longer has a file extractor !, 
  then buy a fucking mac , problem solved . 
  this thread is doing wonders for my blood pressure . 
  that is the worst argument you could have made . 
  if anything , ms makes downloading other browsers easier by providing a default browser . 
  how many other applications must they preload for the idiot consumer ? 
  is opera mandatory , but chrome not ? 
  what was their out then ? 
  nobody agrees to a settlement like this unless there was no other alternative . 
  because the poster he was responding to was clearly saying that he does n't understand because he is an american . 
  we do things differently here , but he was just trying to assure him that it was kinda weird in europe too . 
  i thought you were talking purely about americans there , my bad . 
  recently , yes . 
  historically , no . 
  we really should n't be relying on the government for jobs anyway , but obama does n't seem to want to create an environment conducive to creating them either . 
  but yeah , guns . 
  what 's the point if i ca n't get enough money to buy them ? 
  the nra has been hurting for a way to get concealed carry extended to schools . 
  honestly , i do n't have a problem with it . 
  one of my peers open carried in law school ( he was a cop ) and another good friend of mine concealed carried . 
  armed guards though ? 
  do n't we already have cops stationed at most large public schools anyway ? 
  also , who is going to pay for this ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/americas/ ), 
  man ... that 's really cool . 
  i do n't really have anything else to say than that , but yeah . 
  really neat . 
  good job switzerland , you guys have always been pretty good at that stuff . 
  call be crazy but i think he was being sarcastic . 
  volkswagen , underrated . 
  they are all posting on the / r/pics thread . 
  he has a point , it takes me almost 5 minutes to download a 720 blue ray movie . 
  the oppression must end !, 
  what 's the difference ? 
  serious question . 
  we just go to school for 3 years , take a ridiculous exam that has little bearing on the practice of law , then are good to go . 
  i studied with a few irish law students while i was in law school . 
  suffice to say we spent zero time discussing the differences in our legal systems . 
  all i can recall is that you guys get robes and we do n't . 
  i 'm going to have to disagree with you a bit . 
  our prisons seem to use solitary to stick the mentally infirm so they do n't have to deal with them . 
  walk the halls of one and you could easily confuse it with some sort of insane asylum . 
  it does n't exactly help mental illness ... 
  jurisprudence apparently has a different meaning in the states . 
  do you not know how extradition treaties work ? 
  if there is no legal basis for extradition , the host country will not do it and vice versa . 
  it 's not some international pissing match . 
  they do n't want to create bad precedent . 
  obviously there is no international court to deal with failures to comply with a treaty , so ius gentium applies . 
  ireland has constitutional protections broader than allowed by the washington treaty . 
  when the two conflict , irish constitutional protections apply and the treaty does not . 
  this is n't a shocking opinion . 
  there were ... complications . 
  and the kkk was n't particularly fond of us catholics . 
  that would mean that your old guns will flood the us markets at very low prices . 
  i 've already been buying polish guns at a fraction of the cost of the russian variants . 
  this would be okay with me . 
  most countries allow you to renounce citizenship .
