  it is possible . 
  we do n't . 
  if you say so . 
  but please do read some history first . 
  then look the map , where greece is . 
  then take into consideration the wars in the region ( the whole balkans ) . 
  if you still find the name issue rather petty , well , then we strongly disagree . 
  edit : grammar, 
  we are called already bullies . 
  how do you think it would go . 
  also there is n't any relativity between the examples you give and the situation in macedonia . 
  having names that other nations use is one thing and claiming big parts of history and land territory is another . 
  what is going on now with macedonia is in fact a diplomatic game with greece trying to use logic ( one of the rare times ) and fyrom just using the bulling argument . 
  i can see all the false decisions that greek people and politicians have done , i also am very sad about the situation in my country and i surely am deeply concerned about the nationalistic and racist rise in our society . 
  but macedonian matter is just wrong to be seen under that light . 
  have you read the rest of the comments about this matter ? 
  have you read any other threads or history about this ? 
  as i said in another comment there are maps that depict fyrom possessing a large part of greece . 
  there are territorial claims here . 
  sure they live in the much wider region of macedonia , nobody has a problem with this , but they can not claim the whole region for themselves or the culture . 
  exactly !, 
  estremadura in portugal and extremadura in spain . 
  not extremadura in spain ( or portugal ) and another extremadura that claims all the * exstremadurian * culture as a different country . 
  nor these two regions have territorial claims on each other . 
  i do n't think that you 'd be so cool about this , but still , even if you were foreign office would have a different opinion . 
  there is no repubic of macedonia because macedonia is not a nation nor a country . 
  what is odd about this ? 
  it is a bigger region that historically is called and identified as greek . 
  now it 's shared by 3 countries . 
  fyrom can not claim the name because it 's like claiming the whole region , is n't that clear ? 
  there are sites and maps that show fyrom 's border under thessaloniki . 
  what !? 
  if you refer to fyrom , no of course not !!!!, 
  but macedonia is a region in greece , from the ancient times and still is . 
  let me explain the situation : if i come to your border , call my country london and claim as my ancestor richard the lionheart , arguing about shakespearean language being sth different than english and calling you a bully , wo n't you be a little bit disturbed ?? 
  no my friend it 's not because of this . 
  you could use some history lessons . 
  also macedonia is a region , it 's not a country , i 'm sorry . 
  and just to be clear here , those immigrants were right to protest . 
  the stupidity of the whole video answers your post very well . 
  [ golden dawn 's rhetoric ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=1_qaxulzwrg#t=128s ) ???? 
  really ??? 
  this story is true . 
  sad but true . 
  same as everywhere . 
  still having the lowest ratings though ... 
  whatever . 
  you did your best . 
  good night once more . 
  man !, 
  you really have to relax . 
  let me bring to your knowledge that all the guys ( and girls ) , i watched the ceremony with , did n't like it . 
  and there were computer programmers , guys who work in the health and pensions sector , journalists and a graphic designer . 
  also all my facebook friends ( who ever bothered to comment on this ) did n't like it . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you . 
  it 's a thread we speak our minds , i did n't like it and i explain why . 
  i 'm happy you liked it . 
  good for you . 
  good night also , but man you lack of olympic spirit ( as your ceremony did ;p ), 
  and millions did n't . 
  and millions did n't even bother to watch it . 
  get over it already . 
  it just was n't good . 
  i guess so . 
  unless you sent us something else . 
  but i do n't see any of  fantasy , creativity and art and i am and artist . 
  maybe i was expecting something `` deeper '' . 
  then again , the show was also bad . 
  the choreography , the music , all of it . 
  yea , i thought the moment also with tim berners lee was preety good . 
  but i mean the show . 
  the show was not good . 
  at all . 
  it lacked fantasy , creativity and art . 
  in other words it was efficient in technical skills but sorry , it was nothing artistically . 
  i know . 
  but they really passed by him . 
  as they do n't have great tradition in theater and literature . 
  i really find it disappointing . 
  it was excessively boring except for two moments : when elisabeth jumped from the helicopter ( which was kinda obvious it would happen , but still entertaining ) and the altar of the flame at the end . 
  i mean , come on you guys , even your queen when your olympic mission entered the stadium was scratching her nails ... and you have so great history in art and science ... 
  i mean darwin , shakespeare ... what was that fail ?? 
  some of us could n't say the same about you though ... 
  it 's stupidity that drove you before and it 's stupidity that drives you this time . 
  it 's the exploitation of the hunger for power of the majority of the german people . 
  as it is the exploitation of the hunger of spending of the greeks . 
  and you said thank you to a beggar , how gracious of you !, 
  i m just trying to say that last time you were after all the bad guys , the time before you were the bad guys , this time the game is set once more with you on the front line , playing the game of power . 
  if you do n't be very very careful ( which you are not ) in the aftermath you will be once again the bad guys . 
  because it 's not about who 's right and wrong , it 's about how the money are made . 
  and that 's all i care . 
  good day . 
  yes , yes they knew ... our previous prime minister , the one eu ( merkozy actually ) almost imposed was the one who was in charge of this falsified economic data . 
  well , it was a blackmail , a calm and cold blackmail . 
  and also i am in the sad position here to inform you that you are not in the place to judge . 
  none cares . 
  the second main fear that also got propagandized through the mainstream media ( and the most determinant to the elections result ) is the fear that if we got out of the euro , the next moment we would be out of the union and thus we would n't be `` protected '' from a turkish or a fyrom 's attack . 
  some of the older people voted the corrupted parties for this reason . 
  and it was enough for them to achieve this weak majority . 
  even if there is not , the solution is not to literally blackmail a whole nation about the result of its election .
