  i always payed my taxes and always was completely legal , i just do n't want to pay their fees anymore , nor live to a place that those actions are acceptable . 
  and it 's not only the golden dawn , it 's the whole political system . 
  today a journalist ( one of the few `` independant '' left ) has published the `` langarde list '' , the one with the names of those that has money in swiss banks . 
  there is already a warrant for his arrest when those politicians who had the names and never gave them to the tax justise departement are still in the parliament !, 
  um ... why do you ask ? 
  no , greeks do not think golden dawn ( which strangly enough sounds very similar to golden eggs in our language - actually it exists as a fresh egg brand ) is doing a good job . 
  you know syriza 's persentages are rising to the point that in some polls are the first party . 
  all of this proves that greece is in dispair and nothing more . 
  i do n't know if the guardian is exaggerating . 
  what i know is that i started working this week about 11 hours a day again , after a summer stop , which i did not chose and of course i did not get payed for any vacations . 
  today i had my first day off and i watched michaloliakos ' ( leader of the golden dawn ) interviews of this week ( for some funny reason this was a busy week for him ) . 
  i 'm starting packing my things because after christmas i 'm gone . 
  i hope i answered your question . 
  [ what do you mean by that ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogau_dekcki ), 
  you know what is more funny ? 
  not about you , but everybody in this subreddit , and every forum i speak in about greece . 
  everybody believes that is more informed and knows everything about what 's happening because they provide links ... 
  i knew about the number of the policemen , it was `` a manner of speaking '' , maybe i should have put * `` her '' * in italic ... anyway , i hope i do n't get beaten too much tomorrow trying living my house , have a great evening . 
  ok let 's end our debate . 
  i do n't understand why you link me this thread but ok ( maybe it 's for the piigs you used again ? 
  as for this you can civilized go fuck yourself nazi ) have a great evening , and do n't worry we re not gon na shoot your leader . 
  7000 policemen guarantee her safety ?!?!?!?!, 
  man , that is hilarious !, 
  i live near the center and tomorrow i wont be able to go out of my house !, 
  we live in non democratic conditions for several months now and i agree with you that not a single euro should live my country too until we take care of our thousands of homeless , without health care , people who live under the limit of poverty . 
  and i do n't care if we would be in or out of the euro . 
  we could be in but it seems we wo n't have that luxury ... it 's a non profitable situation . 
  well , i live in greece until i was 4 years old ( because guess what ich bin in k\u00f6ln geboren ) and never had to give to anyone a fakelaki ( dodctors/medical operations including . 
  ect ) , and you know why ? 
  because i did n't want to . 
  i really know that we have to change several things in our every day life , but what we greeks deal here with is a little bit ridiculous and surreal ( eplease do n't take it personally ) , as everyone knows better what we should do . 
  well first of all we should get rid of the politicians we have all those years , but that seems to be a major anxiety for europe and i can understand why . 
  but if you really want to help us , you should give us this time , for us to find our system again , we also need jobs not cuts and taxes . 
  as long as we wo n't find ourselves greece wo n't be able to stand up and you will lose money , that 's the only truth ... ... unless you want us to be sell in discounts in sales , which is just sad . 
  at least for us . 
  i did ' t say that , i only said that we are not the ultimate bad ( yet i recognise our faults and despise our corrupted politicians ) and you the ultimate good . 
  you insist to think with terms like `` you were bad , you are going to pay '' . 
  if you do not realize that your political system has corruption in it too , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  that 's all i say mate . 
  i did n't know that ... 
  in the mid '90s i had my teens to take care of , harsh years if you ask me , no internet ... first time i heard this `` term '' was after we entered the imf ... 
  believe me , if i 've heard this back then i would react a lot worse than making answering acronyms ... as i said harsh years ... 
  you where part of the cheating , papademos was the one who cooked the books the one you supported for the previous government , you supported in the last elections the parties who said we should stay ... you also funded the euro project and achieved to stand on your feet only because of the marshal plan . 
  do your autocritisism before it 's too late , we should be together in this , not divided , not feeling underminding one for the other . 
  you are right and better . 
  why do n't you leave ? 
  i think i already said that i know how shitty are greek politicians , you must find it hedonistic to repeat it over and over again . 
  this is one reality and the other is that greedy bankers exist . 
  one other reality is i never said germans as people are greedy , i just said that you will be in the same position as us now if you do n't do your autocritisism early . 
  in the exact same point you say your country was only a few decades ago . 
  and again some decades before . 
  how can you not see this psycological vicous cycle and how can you be proud about it ? 
  that will always be a mystery for my obviously less inteligent mind . 
  i do realize the shit eu is in and greece as the pick of the iceberg , yes . 
  i also realize that more of the northen countries prefer to exploitate the southern for some extra short term profit . 
  what you do n't seem to realize is that we are all together in this . 
  yes corruption and politics in greece is shit , but still the political elite of the eu with germany as a leader supports them . 
  what you do n't seem to understand is that even if we go out of the eurozone and the eu , this model of economy can not last . 
  you will soon be in our position ( or maybe your childen and grandchilder ) and you will need someone to blame ( again not you personally ) . 
  greeks are not blaming merkel as a german . 
  it 's a depressed country that find some symbols - yes unfortunate , i agree , i do n't think it 's a basis we should talk on - but yet in a context that has something to do with the symbols . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's dehumanization . 
  if it was just an acromym could be grisp or something . 
  nazi can also be an acronym : northen assosiation of zealous industrialists . 
  not offending at all . 
  you call us piigs , yet you get offended when you see merkel with nazi uniform . 
  [ exactly ] ( http://richardbrenneman.wordpress.com/2012/04/11/artificial-in-siemens-ation-bribes-and-hypocrisy/ ), 
  do n't judge , you make love to an ipad ... 
  then eat it and make love to an ipad . 
  a new one . 
  cheers !, 
  there are no hiddeous pigs ( portugal , italy , greece , spain ) without the proud speculative nazis ( northern assotiation of zealous industrialists scums ) . 
  it 's a love story . 
  kindly fuck you with the pigs already . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:greek_revolution_flag.svg ) is the flag of the independence when greeks had no king imposed by the great powers . 
  otto came in 1832 , after the colors where decided , and one of the reasons we have blue instead of red is because we fought the turks , symbolizing freedom versus blood or power ... also greek people never really liked the imposed kings , so we kicked them out for good in 1974 . 
  it 's just that it seems more and more that whatever we do it wo n't change anything as this crisis is a concerted fake speculative game . 
  as for the civil war , last night the police procecuted 15 - 20 people that tried to prevent the fascistic scums from vandalizing legal immigrant 's shops and communities . 
  why anyone want to live in this country , especially after the last elections , if he happens to be the minority ? 
  he expects not to happen to him what happened to you , according to your username . 
  [ greece ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_greece#theories_regarding_the_blue_and_white_colors ) blue and white symbolizes the sea and the sky . 
  the blue stripes correspond to the syllables e-le-fthe-ri-a , which means `` freedom '' , and the white stripes to the syllables i-tha-na-tos , which means `` or death '' . 
  `` freedom or death '' was the main slogan of the greek revolution in 1821 . 
  when you say highly religious do you happen to mean [ this ] ( http://www.rockap.gr/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/naer-mataron-i-am-the-light-of-the-world.jpg ) as an image , or [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-z5ijcpaywsg/t6ga1rh9k_i/aaaaaaaakv0/7kqjfgzybrk/s1600/l.jpg ) as a member of the parliament ??? 
  and no , i 'd dare to say that , the members of the golden dawn riot [ without pride ] ( http://www.left.gr/article.php?id=7555#.ufsqfkzoauo.facebook ) only to harm people they can not fight back . 
  because a ) the police ( who did the investigation and the arrest ) has massively voted for golden dawn in the last elections . 
  b ) golden dawn actually supports those corrupted politicians even though one of their main campaign punchlines was that they will beat the corruption down ( physically and metaphorically ) . 
  nobody expects them to do so of course as it 's exactly that system that gives them their voters . 
  they do whatever they can to divide and eliminate every healthy and sensible voice that appears . 
  before 20 days or so they made a huge propaganda against an artist that made a theatrical play that `` offended '' a hero of the greek revolution . 
  behind this is hiding the deposition of the president of the greek festival and the cuts of the cultural funds that troika wants . 
  golden dawn is just the mirror of all corruption and decay . 
  only this man was arrested due to a question in the parliament of the embarrassment of our country , the nazi party `` golden dawn '' . 
  the enforcement of the law was instant as the police is voting for them . 
  unfortunately we are far from repealing the law . 
  no worries , gives me the opportunity to clarify and remind some interesting stuff ... 
  i have to add here that the most dark aspect of all this story is that facebook revealed and gave away personal data , something that is allowed only in occasions of serious crime ( such as murder , felony etc ) . 
  i mean it puts also a question about the whole facebook - personal data thing .
