  the rage is big , it 's dangerous for all of us i guess to speak without think twice in these times . 
  i will copy this and paste it to other comments as a reply as well . 
  i hope i 've answered some questions about today 's episodes . 
  goodnight to us all , 
  so , you 're a fraud in the eurozone too !!!!, 
  *** merkozy and the troika are coming for you ... 
  you 're cheating !!!, 
  declare the editing :p, 
  then , please say next time : `` fuck you , some greeks '' ... 
  i guess you ( and by you i mean thou ) do n't have any culture , do you ... maybe the rest of eu , minus thou of course who prefer swearing , is doing already its self-criticism . 
  as a non piig yourself you would n't of course believe that the piigs were accepted in the eurozone without other governments knowing what was going on . 
  is n't this corrupted as well ? 
  to the piig 's brain that i have ( and i have to inform you that pigs have one of the most high iq among animals ) seems that * we * are paying to the banks what * our governments * decided for us to pay . 
  please do n't call us piigs . 
  we find it extremely insulting . 
  as it seems to me right now we are walking this path one way or the other . 
  i hope i m wrong . 
  on the other hand it would n't be much worse for the people since for the time being all the loans are going straight to the banks when new austerity measures are are coming . 
  i guess the only reason to stay in the eurozone is problems that we may have with our borders , but then again who would like turks in the eu lands ? 
  if you do n't have any respect maybe you can not understand what is really happening . 
  tax avoidance is quite widespread but it 's not a national pastime . 
  it 's insulting to put it that way . 
  i have never avoided my taxes , neither a person close to me . 
  with the new taxes the non taxed income is reduced to 5.000 euros . 
  that means that i will again pay taxes , even now that i am unemployed ( for the first time , and i hope not for long ) . 
  and it 's not only this that burdens low income people when tax avoidance in the higher levels of the society is very big and not really prosecuted . 
  a recent ploy of our hideous and repulsive parliament is that it will reveal to the public a list of persons they owe lot to the public sector . 
  never did it , only used it as a trick . 
  in addition completely illegally and unconstitutionally they ( the members of parliament ) systematically keep secret their state of property and their so called `` from where having '' . 
  so you see people are being forced to pay mostly what other people owe ... 
  in addition , i have to inform you that life before the eu where not that bad . 
  a four member family could live then , but now ca n't . 
   it 's no different from what happened over the last 40 years if you mean the whole taxing / reducing salaries , then you have to believe me that it is . 
  it is more than you can imagine and we do n't even know when it 's going to finish . 
  as for the hidden inflation ... yes , i 'm glad that we woke up , but the political corruption has to be eliminated . 
  it 's the main reason our country is now in imf , that we are a nation nearly everyone sees as frauds and with no respect . 
  i think we should change our country starting from the politicians . 
  they did it in iceland , it could work i guess ... edit : i have to add here that i do n't believe corruption is localized in greece or in italy . 
  i m persuaded than eu leaders knew very well that greece 's economy was not what it seemed when they accepted us in the union . 
  of course that does n't mean we are innocent , we have tones of work to do and as it seems without any salary ... 
  but it 's not like that . 
  taxing and reducing the salaries to the same low income people again and again and leaving all the people who created this chaos unpunished ( and non-taxed ) is n't quite what we call `` doing right '' . 
  people in greece are protesting also to change the political scene . 
   the responsibility of the `` other '' greece is to devise a constitution of social justice and democracy for the 21st century . 
  this is what greece can offer to the world . 
  that 's really great ... 
  thanks for searching , finding and posting this . 
  apart from this nice `` no , fuck you '' , i sincerely would like to express my compliments to your country , good sir , for the way you treated imf . 
  so , `` good for you '' :o ), 
  oh ... about that generation ... in december 2008 two police officers , shot and killed a 15 year old boy . 
  one of them shot , the other , his colleague , witnessed false so that they would n't go to prison . 
  for several days athens was burning again . 
  some of the rioters are from those guys . 
  i have to add here that the colleague is free now , after less than 2 years of imprisonment ... as for the historical thing ... 
  personally i believe we are . 
  not only in greece but look at america . 
  they have n't protest with such faith , conscious and rage since vietnam . 
  look england ... italy ... all of the arab world ... 
  greeks never were very calm or easy . 
  from the ancient years we have ( unfortunately ) stories of division and civil wars ... and it s not about race of course , it s about the geopolitics i guess ... too many interests . 
  it 's also that what we call `` national revolution '' from the turks is too recent and after this there is a big civil war after ww2 . 
  if greek people were free to decide then we would be with you in the so called eastern block . 
  but greece was decided to remain in the influence of the british and later american forces ( they even helped in the civil war against the communist party ) . 
  the communist party capitulated , renounced the leader of its own army who played the most important role in resistance while the german possession of the country , he got caught and killed himself . 
  then there was some time of political instability until 1967 that a military coup came to power until the occupation of cyprus in 1974 . 
  so you see it s a long list of protests , betrayal , riots and dead people . 
  every family has at least one dead in the resistance . 
  that 's the story in brief . 
  i hope i did n't bore you , 
  what !!!, 
  i do n't blame the eu for anything . 
  if i say the victim of troika is because three people last year ( one of them was a pregnant girl ) and one now , have died in riots against austerity measures , imf and troika . 
  i blame myself and my people that have n't any sense of unity and i if i have to blame someone for the economy 's situation is goldman sachs and the banks that cooked our economics along with the political decay of my country ( but i think more or less same thing happened to italy , with one important difference : that italy actually has some industry and therefore a better economy ), 
  today greece mourns for the fourth victim of troika . 
  53 year old man had heart attack when a policeman throw him tear gas . 
  we also mourn our national unity ( once again ) . 
  it s very sad . 
  actually he had a heart attack from a tear gas thrown near him by a police officer . 
  as it is [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/lhk2s/pictures_from_todays_protests_in_athens_greece/c2sqy09 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/lhk2s/pictures_from_todays_protests_in_athens_greece/c2sucf8 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/l3zun/stay_classy_greeks_stay_classy/c2pku5c ) and ... 
  because i was there , i 've seen this before . 
  they use rioters as an alibi to evacuate syntagma square as they did previous times . 
  they were few they could arrest them in the beginning of the episodes if they wanted . 
  and what will happen soon in every other country ... 
  i was there . 
  the exact number of the people was much higher than official reports . 
  it was higher than 200.000 . tomorrow there is another protest . 
  i have to inform you that until 16.30 there was a large participation . 
  the rioters were few and as usual lot of them were secret policemen . 
  i m sorry but that s the truth . 
  people did n't leave the square and the surrounding roads until police started spraying with gas , as usual ... police could certainly arrest the violent rioters . 
  i was in front of a central hotel 's main entrance vandalism and nobody did anything to stop them . 
  on the contrary they were planning on where to strike next so to give the police a reason to surround the square and use gas to evacuate it . 
  if you are angry , try to imagine how angry are greek people . 
   it is not my problem that the greek government is corrupt as hell . 
  instead of waiting till the last moment , why did n't the greek people rebel earlier ? 
  well that is not a way to think . 
  with that kind of logic why you voted for governments that accepted greece in the eu ... 
  pa.so.k . 
  won the last elections with motto like `` we have the money , imf won ' t come , wherever imf had gone left those counties in ruins etc '' . 
  since then and especially since last summer , after the medium term program , something like a second `` memorandum '' ( i m trying to translate the terms here , as i only know them in greek and i m not an economist ) , the popularity of this government has been falling .
