i was about to disagree , on the basis that i 've always read the independent and never had a problem , but then i saw [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qtn6xhn.jpg ) on the article . 
  i ca n't wait for greece 's entry next year . 
  oh god please do n't vote for us 2 : electric boogaloo, 
  i 'm already dreading next year . 
  getting dibs on / u/grahamnorton was a stupid , stupid idea , now i 'm * obligated * to do it . 
  you done good . 
  i got around 400 , i 'm not sure if that 's because of quality or quantity . 
  probably the latter . 
  it 's been a pleasure folks !, 
  you did n't miss much . 
  on behalf of irish culture ( to which i am in no way affiliated ) : you 're welcome . 
  `` i do n't think bonnie can win now , i 'm not sure , but it 's unlikely '' i 'm making a novelty account for this next year . 
  can not recommend enough . 
  `` be brief , because the tin can on a string might go out '', 
   very excited about the handsome man from westlife . 
  both . 
  edit - hodor smash !, 
  fucking france . 
  fuck off with your french . 
  something something new here . 
  it 's all about the ukrainian dress . 
  the blokes a cunt . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  confirmed . 
  graham is destroying that green room bloke . 
  spain made up the cleavage quota . 
  uk would be unusually sober . 
  mr. norton is past caring . 
  stop bitching about ukraine doing so well , they deserve a belated win for [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone ) either that , or this year 's dress . 
  i would n't mind seeing that again . 
  edit - she 's jumping with joy , i 'll be in my bunk . 
  `` you should leave '', 
  replying so i can read this comment later and chuckle . 
  i just want to see that bloke rubbing his face again . 
  that was great . 
  it 's american dad 's roger . 
  spite , mostly . 
  my hopes were not high for either . 
  add that woman in the milk into that poster , and you 've got yourself a tourist . 
  that was fucking excellent . 
  it 's not being broadcast for that exact reason . 
  well if anyone was n't already drunk , this oughta do it . 
  i 'm so excited for this smorgasbord . 
  there should be a subreddit for that . 
  it 's kidnapped her . 
  someone do something . 
  watch out for the dead seabirds on her dress . 
  thank you again mr. norton . 
  romanian entry for christmas no . 
  1 worldwide ? 
  edit - i think you 've probably got the gist of it by now . 
  thanks guys . 
   good news for the irish economy , i can reveal ireland has discovered oil !, 
  unfortunately it 's baby oil , and they 've used it * all * on this performance . 
  graham norton has just made my night . 
  calling dubstep button at some point . 
  red button provides translated lyrics brah . 
  the more you know . 
  `` be large and have no sense of timing '', 
  worst footstep sync ever . 
  bring on the igor, 
  hard mode - it has to be stolen . 
  it 's gogol bordello all over again . 
  i 'm already sold . 
  worst mime artist ever . 
  rare . 
  `` it 's not the language of love , more like the language of gutting fish '' . 
  graham norton on icelandic everyone . 
  romania should have followed denmark . 
  that would have been perfect . 
  you entered jedward last year . 
  all cultural icons are fair game now mate . 
  i loved that . 
  i want to jig . 
  oh lord i want to jig . 
  uk watchers , red button it up . 
  the lyrics are just dreadful . 
  romania would like a word with you . 
  shame about every other element of our entry . 
  edit - i take that back , i think the lady bassist might be quite attractive . 
  i think he 's got the reddit vote . 
  speaking for my kinsmen , i could n't care less . 
  romania all the way, 
  already yes . 
   it 's very , * very * eurovison . 
  literally adele . 
  i envy you enormously . 
  eggledink humberburt got a laugh outta me . 
  edit - i 'm not proud . 
  short comedy film = cig break . 
  is n't ... is n't that sort of the point ? 
  i expect nothing but disappointment of the best kind . 
  damnit germany . 
  drink if you spot david guetta anywhere . 
  or ~ ~ swedish ~ ~ german house mafia . 
  thank you so much . 
   bury our guns . 
  * really * russia ? 
  i disagree , he 's just odd-looking enough to pull it off .
