  this is a misleading headline - they 're probably being decommissioned ( which you have to do once they reach a certain age ) . 
  italy lost 650,000 soldiers in ww1, 
  unm ... 
  most of them are elders in retirement , it was never young people seeking opportunity . 
  the uk did n't have to join the schengen zone , every other eu country did . 
  uk told it would never be obligated to join the euro . 
  and that 's just off the top of my head, 
  yeah , countries either allow dual citizenship or do n't . 
  however , they wo n't place a limit on how many passports you can have , despite the word `` dual '' suggesting only two . 
  so theoretically i could have 10 . 
  however , you do have to inform russian authorities that you are seeking another citizenship or else you can be prosecuted . 
  i agree . 
  the uk already had a very special position in the eu and had many exceptions and rules made specially for them , and is still was n't enough . 
  well , currently two , so if the application is successful then yes . 
  i 've got british citizenship too . 
  and i live in the u.k. so i am a british citizen too under these statistics . 
  check my flair . 
  and know three people personally in real life . 
  so yeah , i do . 
  the 70s is very much modern history though , and that law is still enforced today , so still relevant !, 
  you have every right to scream , but a lot of people are falsely under the impression that this is an extreme move within europe , when in actuality a lot of legislation similar to this has been passed ( and still enforced today ) . 
  just trying to de-sensationalise the headline , 
  very true , and how it should be . 
  it 's a right of return . 
  haha seems like it . 
  i 'm on two at the moment , german will make it three , can also apply for israeli citizenship . 
  passports , got ta catch 'em all !, 
  yup , a lot of the youth of this country only want to become involved in politics when they get free stuff . 
  the legislation is different because i am the descendant of a holocaust survivor , so i have been told . 
  of course , if that does n't maintain the same i 'll have to withdraw my application . 
  [ here is states that germans allow dual ( in my case it will be poly-citizenship ) citzenship for those whose grandparents were german jews . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-eu-referendum-german-citizenship-jewish-refugees-nazis-freedom-of-movement-a7119541.html ) edit : spelling errors and lack of clarity, 
  i agree . 
  does n't mean that it 's abnormal , though . 
  such as ? 
  genuinely curious, 
  sorry , you 're right !, 
  he applied for one after the brexit vote and got rejected . 
  i 'll correct myself, 
  before you all scream , this is actually very normal throughout history . 
  the emergency law of 1978 in germany ( probably got that date wrong ) was enforced as a result of red army faction terrorism . 
  allowed government to intercept mail , track phone calls , imprison individuals . 
  quite common , there were a lot of protests about it . 
  but this is n't unusual for a democracy, 
  yup , i am in the process of applying for a german passport , because my grandmother was a jew expelled in 1939 means me and my family are applicable for citizenship . 
  i have heard plenty of britons doing the same . 
  ironically , who else has applied for a german passport ? 
  nigel farage . 
  turns out , being a member of the european union is quite fun . 
  i completely understand why montenegro would join nato and would do the exact same in their position . 
  putin perceives nato in its original purpose - a bloc built agains the soviet union . 
  it still has those explicit connotations of east versus west . 
  the fact that more countries want nato membership reinforces the perception of russia as an aggressor . 
  thank you for your kind wishes . 
  russia is full of smart , innovative people who want a better life ... 
  i have to hold onto the hope that we will evolve into a developed democracy, 
  no need to be rude about it . 
  it 's often much more coherently explained if you ask a native speaker rather than an inaccurate online translating tool, 
  \u0414\u0430\u0447\u0430 - can translate to small summer house but can also refer to a rented allotment , which is more common \u0421\u0430\u0434 - usually translated plainly to garden but can also be used to describe an orchard or park . 
  usually , to describe the rented allotments that babushkas have , you would use the word \u0434\u0430\u0447\u0430 . 
  \u0421\u0430\u0434 would be more suited to a proper park or garden , like a botanical garden . 
  it 's the best !, 
  nurses were already in huge scarcity anyway . 
  there 's a deficit - we need more . 
  i do n't think any uk nurses are worried about job security - its pay issues and workload . 
  thanks for the additional context !, 
  of course , there are a lot of dynamic factors involved with this - with brexit being one of the most prominent . 
  `` take back independence ! '', 
  yeah , you 're really not an independent country because you 're part of a trade bloc ... 
  ironically the demographic that overwhelmingly voted leave were elders . 
  with an increasing dependency ratio , not only are they going to have to had reduced pensions , but now their healthcare will be compromised too . 
  i do not understand any rational person who would vote for brexit . 
  honestly , you have a very very compelling point , and perhaps my words were sensationalised and hyperbolic . 
  my disdain for communism comes because it was under communism where millions of the country 's most innovative minds were murdered and where russian culture was removed and replaced with `` soviet '' culture . 
  i will never say that yeltsin 's russia was an improvement ( in fact , the elevated contrast of living standards between putin and yeltsin is probably the reason for his high approval ratings ) , it is practically unbelievable that after the collapse of the soviet union 1/3rd of the population lived in poverty . 
  i honestly believe that if democracy could be successfully implemented in russia , then we would thrive . 
  however , the problem is the inherently corrupt political system , and i do not know how that would be overcome , when protest is impossible . 
  if the conservatives want to pass legislation , they 're going to be reliant on the dup to vote in favour of it so that it is passed in parliament . 
  it could lead to some pretty substantial implications , it means may 's brexit legislation is going to be much more difficult to implement . 
  terrible news . 
  overseas workers make up 19 % of the nhs , and nurses are scarce in the u.k. as it is . 
  my mother is an oversea nurse ( but not an eu national ) in the u.k. , and the impacts are going to be heavily felt in the upcoming years . 
  the whole country was completely screwed over by that bloody referendum, 
   people who own dachas you just summarised my babushka in four words  happy russian independence day . 
  we were finally freed from the shackles of communism that destroyed centuries of cultural development . 
  subsequently , russia has lost more than can ever be articulated , and we still live in a dictatorship . 
  however , i have hope that one day we will move towards a fair democracy , and will regain even half or the brilliant innovative minds we lost under communism . 
  happy russia day \u2764 i will listen to tchaikovsky and start re-reading war and peace tonight . 
  i get this sentiment , but i think op was really just being so simplistic as `` he could win because the polls indicate so '' . 
  but yes i agree the nature of british politics has shifted to one of uncertainty . 
  i mean , i would argue against that . 
  these people have been indoctrinated by decades of propaganda , but you 're totally entitled to feel that way, 
  and a month ago conservatives were 20 points ahead . 
  this current political climate and the climate after months of political campaigning are going to be hugely different . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  26,000 suspected jihadists in the uk , we need to be investing resources into that not this . 
  this guy is hilarious . 
  he wants all the privileges of being in the eu without being in the eu . 
  um ... that 's not how it works . 
  this has been hugely blown out of proportion - if you watch the interview he briefly states `` maybe there will be an election next year '' .
