hey we 're not too bad !, 
  english rates are improving among young people . 
  it 's a really difficult language to learn though as a russian - the concept of articles did me in for a long time . 
  and i do n't think i 'll ever be able to pronounce `` th '' . 
  haha , implying that russia is currently a democracy . 
   my hope is that russia will finally stop supporting him my problem with this is that yes , assad is a reprehensible person and the future of syria does not lie with him . 
  however , history has shown us that every single time an external country meddles within the middle east removing their leader , it ends in even more chaos . 
  these people have lived under tyranny for their whole lives - it has to be a slow transition to democracy not an immediate one . 
  it has never worked in history , not just in arab countries but in weimar germany . 
  the reality is that there is no easy solution to this problem - all of them are morally dubious . 
  but that 's not what this is about . 
  it 's regarding whether russia knew about the chemical weapons - there 's no evidence to suggest that they did . 
  if evidence comes out to prove that russia did license the attack , then sanctions are completely justified . 
  but why , when no objective evidence has come out , would sanctions be placed ? 
  wtf ? 
  really ? 
  i got an a in gcse spanish and struggle to construct a sentence in it . 
  the only young people who speak another language are immigrants or second generation immigrants . 
  i 'd be shocked if even 0.5 % of young people who know another language have no ancestral link to it . 
  they remind me a lot of british people ( well , they were a former colony ) in their dialects and culture . 
  when it was abyssinia , it was an italian colony for a brief period . 
  it was brief ( two years iirc ) but it was recognised as a colony so i would n't put it as partial . 
  in the second anglo-afghan war british forces occupied afghanistan for some time . 
  there 's been huge increase of that in the u.k. too . 
  what 's up germany ? 
  surprised that there are n't more in russia . 
  imagine calling someone a `` simpleton '' but then going on to deny the holocaust . 
  because it was never included within the soviet union like kazakhstan - it was undeniably under heavy russian influence but i would n't classify it as being colonised because it was n't incoperated into the soviet union, 
  since when have we not ? 
  we 've always been a part of europe . 
  we 're not asian, 
  astonishing and shameful holocaust revisionism . 
  taking after her disgusting father . 
  no , not really . 
  it 's not exactly that they 're pro palestine either - but i definitely would not say they 're pro israel . 
  they remain sort of in the middle without explicitly stating support for a side , kind of like putin . 
  stop being a blatant troll . 
  ukraine is a valid country with rich culture , they 're just edgy teenagers on the internet trying to evoke a reaction, 
  i can understand why poles are not too keen on us but that reaction towards jewish people is really concerning . 
  yeah arguing against them is redundant . 
  the fact that they think israel is apartheid yet palestine is fundamentally racist , ( as in it advocates jewish genocide ) , stones homosexuals to death , holds woman as inherently worth less then men ... yet israel are the villains . 
  it 's so stupid that its almost laughable . 
  the fact that my answer was justified with objective data and yet it still gets downvoted just illustrates that their minds are n't willing to change . 
  i 'm actually discussing the palestinian government and how their indoctriment affects palestinian individuals . 
  but sure , [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_the_palestinian_territories ) proof that the palestinian authority make children learn that jews are the `` devil incinerate '' and that the holocaust happened because of the `` evil nature '' of jewish people . 
  obviously people raised on this shit are going to be prejudiced individuals . 
  the palestinian authority and hamas are fundamentally racist institutions that advocate the genocide of not just israelis , but jews all around the world . 
  does individual discrimination exist within israel ? 
  yes . 
  but it does in every country . 
  israel is the only country in the middle east in which one can freely practice any religion or sexuality without fearing for your life . 
  you do n't boycott a democracy that has mechanisms within the democracy that can create constructive change . 
  honestly to suggest the palestinian people or government have any moral authority over israel is laughable when they harbour just an inherently discriminatory ideology edit : spelling error, 
  i agree . 
  the only country in the middle east with values of individual liberty and democracy , and yet they do n't uphold this . 
  i remember when i went to poland i saw this really gruesome anti-abortion advertisement that was essentially an explicit image of a 6 month old fetus lying on the floor . 
  i ca n't read poland , but it was n't exactly what i wanted to see driving along the street ... 
  ah , makes sense . 
  still , why is he going round to meet with donald trump then ? 
  ahh beautiful , beautiful paris !, 
  i wish i could return . 
  `` nisan '' in turkey is interesting , does n't that mean brother in japanese ? 
  can someone explain to me wtf is nigel farage even doing ? 
  he 's not an mp anymore . 
  he 's not involved in government . 
  why is he parading around like he 's the representative for your country , going around meeting donald trump ? 
  if you go there it actually feels very european . 
  it 's a very diverse metropolitan city , feels to me similar in some ways as london . 
  not surprised that some areas of uk are so high . 
  its sounds horrible but depending on the type of people you 're friends with ( generally , the working class people are more likely to be divorced ) you can have entire groups of friends with no parents together . 
  so this warrants the death of civilians ? 
  of course countries involved within geopolitical disputes will face repercussions . 
  this should be implemented by the key figures involved within the conflict . 
  the minute you start murdering innocent civilians and justifying it because their state leaders are sympathetic to a completely separate nation having a presence in an islamic country , your moral compass is seriously misguided . 
  the cause of this is islamic extremist that fundamentally opposes the values of liberty and democracy and to argue otherwise is plain stupidity . 
  sweden has no presence in the middle east or africa . 
  even if they did , it would not be their fault . 
  it 's islamic extremists with no regard for human life that are at fault . 
  sweden , my prayers are with you . 
  how horrifically tragic, 
  how tragic that these types of attacks have become so regular within our continent . 
  if anything , it 's the alt-right who celebrate , as tragedies like this are easy to use to justify their rhetoric . 
  i went to paris and it was awesome being able to use 3g freely . 
  useful for when i wanted to look stuff up like directions or information on paintings . 
  ca n't believe the one eu country i joined is bloody leaving it !, 
  awesome pictures , thanks for sharing . 
  love the man reading on the bench , reminds me of myself, 
  wow this is amazing . 
  what a humble man . 
  i wish my leaders would do the same . 
  in fair verona , where we lay our scene ... ahh i do love shakespeare . 
  yeah it 's shit , when bringing relatives over there at times it 's been cheaper to get a `` business '' visa . 
  seems so absurd to bring 10 year old children over on a business visa haha, 
  yeah the only good thing good to come out of stalin was the underground . 
  architecture is beautiful , as are the museums . 
  i 'd recommend the tretyakov gallery . 
  also the underground is absolutely stunning . 
  yeah i agree but to me she seems a lot more principled and concerned with the wellbeing of the average british person , where as sturgeon seems like her primary focus is pursuing her career , kind of like boris . 
  but that 's just my perception .
