  moscow is actually quite metropolitan . 
  to me , it * feels * very european . 
  but i 've only been a handful of times so who knows, 
  yeah , just seems like a ukrainian trying to make russia out to be shit . 
  which it is , but to imply that ukraine is any less oppressive ... what a joke, 
  she stood out to me most on the bbc eu debate . 
  she was formidable , articulate and factual . 
  walked all over boris johnson . 
  they were incredibly vulgar - i had some yelling things at me and they were shocked when i replied in english haha . 
  english football hooliganism has always been a distinct problem , hope that some provisions are actually made to sort it soon . 
  i agree with this . 
  ukraine is in europe - eastern ukraine is still europe, 
  actual russian here : this guy is a idiot and most likely an uneducated edgy teenager . 
  please do n't think we 're all like this, 
  you 're giving our countrymen a bad name by saying stuff like this, 
  russian teenager here - the majority of this is from stupid russian teenagers who like to idolise our history and like the concept of us being a superpower . 
  anyone with a basic historical knowledge or lived under stalin knows he 's a deplorable piece of shit who 's burning in hell . 
  um ... where does it say that ? 
  i 've never heard that, 
  it 's all young teenagers who did n't live under soviet union who find it easy to idolise the times when we were a superpower . 
  honestly ? 
  from what i saw of it there were about 3 english men to every russian . 
  when i was in a bar there was a situation where a english guy threw a glass at a russian guy and that stated a fight . 
  also , from what i know , all the fights after the match were because people were angry that their anthem got booed . 
  british media portrayed russians as the evil villains but you 've got to remember the russians were significantly outnumbered, 
  true , english football fans are n't the most civilised of people, 
  it 's pretty inspiring . 
  i bitch about my country quite a lot but listening to the anthem makes me very proud, 
  yup . 
  ruth davidson , leader of scottish conservatives is far more competent . 
  i can practically hear the accent through the screen . 
  it upset me when we played you in the euros and the english fans booed it . 
  i like the british anthem yet i find it odd that a country with such incredible achievements focuses on just one individual !, 
  how hilarious and big of you making fun of my english when it 's my second language . 
  if you read my post history you 'd actually learn i 'm anti-putin . 
  if ukraine is such a sacred place for jews why did 200,000 leave in just 1 decade ? 
  they have a problem with anti semitism . 
  they are n't arriving regularly they 're fleeing in masses . 
  if you are honestly going to deny the historical treatment of jews in ukraine then i 'm just astonished, 
  yeah maybe in ingushetia , chechnya and dagestan , where muslims are the majority , but most russians would be doubtful to even consider these areas a part of russia ( i 've always advocated for chechen independence ) . 
  i ca n't speak for the whole of russia but this certainly is n't happening in my city . 
  russia is built on christian morals and ideals . 
  yeah , really not too sure on this . 
  iq is by no means the definitive measure of intelligence . 
  for example , the highest iq is in hong kong but their education system is one that values memorisation and regurgitation of information - it generally , does not value innovation and creativity that highly . 
  whereas this values are historically esteemed more highly in europe - look at the inventions of the british , the scientific and philosophical contributions of germany , the brilliant artists from italy . 
  love the french , ukrainian and russian anthems . 
  have a soft spot for israel 's `` hatikvah '' too , although its not on the map . 
  i love the ukrainian national anthem `` ukraine has not yet perished '' is so inspiring yet with a hint of melancholy . 
   least slavic would n't that imply that we 're still slavic though ? 
  also i do n't get what you mean . 
  do you mean because of the various ethnicity within russia or what ? 
  if we 're not slavic what are we . 
  one of my favourite bands ( okean elzy ) are from ukraine . 
  interesting language , more different than russian than some people realise . 
  i 've visited lviv several times , and they have horrific problems with - antisemitism . 
  every time i have been there have been swastikas on holocaust memorials . 
  i know my country is n't perfect but the profound antisemitism within ukraine really breaks my heart . 
  also when i was in lviv i called it `` lvov '' ( because that 's what it is called in russian ) and i got screamed at by people saying `` how dare you come to our lviv and call it that '' which i thought was quite funny . 
  her father really is a despicable piece of shit . 
  it 's tarnishing just to be associated with him , let alone to harbour the same views . 
  and it had nothing to do with me as an individual . 
  i have no role in the government , i ca n't even vote . 
  so why blame me ? 
  mate , i 'm jewish , my grandparents had their property seized and never returned . 
  do you see me going round to germans and demanding them to stop `` taking what is n't theirs ? '' . 
  no , because its redundant . 
  it was their ancestors , not them . 
  just like i have nothing to do with your romanian gold . 
  i will not apologise for the actions of my ancestors because i had nothing to do with them . 
  how original, 
  i moved to the uk from russia when i was young due to my family , so i did n't have much of a say of it . 
  first of all i think it 's important to realise that customs and people vary hugely within the uk - i live in the south but i 've personally found that people in the north are more open , easy to talk to , but also there are higher crime rates and poverty up there . 
  i think you 'll always yearn for your home country - i love england but i feel like people are for the most part inherently different - russian customs and culture differ quite a lot , from household routines to philosophical concepts of life . 
  therefore , whilst i speak perfect english and abide by english customs to the point where people in russia say i do n't act russian , i do n't think i will ever be 100 % integrated within this country . 
  i agree , it 's so sad and demonstrates such a lack of empathy . 
  imagine seeing a loved one on there . 
  i agree . 
  i saw it on the news and offered a translation . 
  i am praying for him . 
  i too have family in st petersburg . 
  thank you for your advice , easier said than done though, 
  yeah , the minute you start justifying the death of children is the minute i no longer want to participate in conversation with you . 
   meanwhile france is supposed to be a safe country . 
  i understand your sentiment completely but understand the context - russia is not rife with terrorism . 
  this is the first terror attack of its kind within st. petersburg . 
  i know people will naturally care more about their neighbours . 
  i just find it so frustrating that people preach about peace and the value of life but then hypocritically do not acknowledge the loss of russian life . 
   while you electing warmongers i can not vote . 
  jesus you know nothing about the russian political system . 
  we have one of the lowest voting turnouts in europe . 
  know why ? 
  the fundamental structure of the system is the problem . 
  we have no thirst for democracy because our views mean nothing . 
  our governments steal money for themselves whilst russian poverty grows . 
  i am not a member of the russian government . 
  i mourn for every ukrainian death as i do russian . 
  and answer my question - how is it the fault of children ?? 
  but russians are europeans . 
  we are a part of europe , unlike the philippines .
