  nah but you plaster a murdering imperialist on your money instead . 
  the fact that he chose to integrate nazis into society rather than prosecuting them , maybe ? 
   he did it all on his own that was never the insinuation and you know it was n't . 
  it was implemented under his government so it is also fair that he takes responsibility for it . 
  i know , what on earth ? 
  is it because i 'm russian he picked up on it ? 
  just not relevant at all, 
  i know , if he read my post history or asked he 'd realise i 'm vehemently anti stalin . 
  fail to see how that has anything to do with adanauer at all . 
  i studied post-ww2 germany in an english school . 
  what are * you * talking about ? 
  the entire concept of `` year zero '' was that the country attempted to integrate nazis , as they knew it would be difficult to rebuild the country without them . 
  german restitution laws , operation paperclip ... thousands of nazis escaped prosecution . 
  he was the one who implemented the year zero policy and wanted to end de-nazification by 1949 . 
  i think the substantial contrast between the `` glory days '' and the absolute shit we have had the past 20 years makes people idealise it . 
  the facts regarding industrial development , technological innovation and quality of life can not be denied - but it is important to remember that underlining all of this was a vicious ideology that can never ultimately be sustainable . 
  i pray that one day we can have democracy . 
  russian people have suffered so tremendously , you can see where the cliche `` inherent suffering of the russian soul '' thing comes from, 
  i personally really despise the man . 
  a pragmatist and skilled politician , but also a nazi sympathiser who let thousands escape punishment . 
  yeah , lets forget the fact that he murdered my ancestors and stole their property because he was great at building industry !, 
  thanks , that means a lot . 
  i hope so too . 
  it would all depend per person ... for me , the most important russian figures of all time would be dostoevsky , pushkin , tolstoy , mendeleev ... but i think the greatest `` leader '' was peter the first . 
   true russophobia are behind the kremlin walls so true . 
  you are no `` russian patriot '' if you feed russian people false history , imprison them under autocracy and steal their taxes for yourself . 
  these people are often one of two groups : elders who grew up under the authoritarian dictatorship of the soviet union are are too indoctrinated , or dumb kids born after the fall of soviet union who idealise a past they never had to witness . 
  that 's true . 
  they 've never been given information to believe otherwise , it is a tragedy, 
  why hate me over it ? 
  i 'm just a russian 18 year old , i have no capacity to influence what the government does and these events transpired before i was even born . 
  germans sent my ancestors to concentration camps and stole my great grandfather 's factories and never paid reparations , does that mean i 'm justified in hating all germans ? 
  idiots who never read a history book . 
  tragic because most of them statistically have relatives killed by stalin . 
  okay you 're clearly not capable of a diplomatic or coherent conversation . 
  i do n't know what personal experiences you 've had to make you hate russia so much but i hope you manage to get over it, 
  that `` frozen desert '' has potentially trillions of dollars worth of natural resources ... okay , whatever helps you sleep at night, 
  your quotation was clearly not a joke . 
  once confronted with a coherent argument however you want to claim that it was . 
  yet again the russophobic double think comes into play . 
  russia is simultaneously a dictatorship with no liberties , but at the same time a democracy that everybody participates in to vote for putin ? 
  do you even hear yourself ? 
  i know this is a joke but if i as a russian made a joke about splitting poland in half i 'd be hounded and downvoted to oblivion . 
  double standard when it comes to prejudice if it involves , russia , as per usual . 
  its ' really frustrating . 
  i understand your hatred of russian government but why take that out on russian people ? 
  what 's your problem ? 
  hate the russian government but why take it out on innocent russian civilians . 
  russian citizenship means they have a russian passport because they 're born in geographic russia . 
  my comment does n't pertain to ethnicity, 
  they 'd associate the self with that region rather than russia, 
  this is very true . 
  most muslims in russia are part of ethnic groups such as : avar , dagestan , chechen ... ethnic russian muslims are * very * rare . 
  not true , they do n't consider themselves ethnic russians at all . 
  they have legal russian citizenship but they would not consider themselves russian . 
  call a chechen `` russian '' and i do n't even want to imagine what they 'd do . 
  people do n't actually realise how ethnically diverse russia is . 
  moscow has a massive muslim population . 
  it is nowhere near the homogeneous nations of europe that a lot of people characterise it as . 
  venice is such a crazy city . 
  such a tiny cluster of islands , who on earth would think to design it into a clustered city with such awkwardly strained logistics !, 
  fantastic , incredible face that feasibly should n't exist . 
  and that 's what makes it so fantastic . 
  need to visit one day !, 
  because they have no ideology or morals which they abide by - they just want publicity . 
  i remember waking up 4am to see that result , and my heart just sunk . 
  the rest has been utter shit . 
  i genuinely think / r/russia is just putinbots . 
  most the people there do n't even speak russian , and it 's always the most radical ones who are spouting utter rubbish . 
  some of the actual russians there are cool guys . 
  i never said it was better . 
  i think it 's worse . 
  but people need to stop lying - his statement `` uk have recently imported islamic immigrants '' is not true and factually incorrect, 
  do n't know what your problem is but i 'm a british citizen and legally have every right to call myself one . 
  dual citizenship - born in russia but moved here a few years ago . 
  am i not making sense . 
  having 2nd generation extremists = worst than 1st generation because it conveys the failure of cultural integration to be implemented , subsequently creating a demographic of technically `` british '' individuals with british legal rights whilst festering extremist views . 
  what did i say that contradicted that . 
  i thought i was good at english :(, 
  oh , 100 % - it means they 're legally considered british and can not be deported . 
  i just think accuracy is important . 
  because any valid concerns raised and pointing out that the leave campaign do n't have a coherent strategy about anything was branded `` project fear !!!!! '', 
  and the whole ` rule britannia ' rhetoric appealed to nationalists . 
  [ this debate sums it up really ] ( https://youtu.be/lw4c2dy2qv0 ), 
  it 's not about optimism it 's about actually being factually correct . 
  do n't let this idiot affect your perception of all of us, 
  how far we have fallen . 
  communism set us back fifty years , can only dream how amazing russia would be without it . 
  `` chebureki '' is essentially a folded piece of dough with mince in it . 
  you might also be thinking of `` pelmeni '' which are small dumplings you can stuff with meat or cherries . 
  sorry i do n't have russian keyboard on my phone , 
  live in the u.k. too and there 's nothing more condescending than this morons over simplifying years of british demographic growth and culture into `` they 've imported tonnes of immigrants !!! '', 
  um ... no we have n't . 
  most the terrorists are second generation immigrants . 
  except that 's just not true , is it . 
  most of the terrorists are second generation immigrants , refugees from libya in the 1990s . 
  stop chatting out your arse, 
  haha this is hilarious , i like the american puppet . 
  wow , interesting , i did n't know that !, 
  thanks for the knowledge,
