  i 've explicitly expressed my fervent opposition to him and my disdain for the invasion of crimea . 
  so why should i be held accountable , purely for being born under a russian flag ? 
  i do n't get this . 
  i am literally doing everything i have the capacity of to oppose the russian autocracy . 
  i agree . 
  we have both suffered . 
  but who implemented those ? 
  not the russian people but the russian dictator putin . 
  he does n't represent us , our gdp per capita it $ 8,600 like a third world country . 
  it breaks my heart to see my compatriots suffer so much and then be held accountable for actions that they had no capacity to influence . 
  i agree the germans who were complacent could be held accountable . 
  but what about the germans that protested ? 
  there are russian equivalents of that and holding them at that level of responsibility is fundamentally unjust, 
  it 's hard not to . 
  you are holding me responsible for the actions of a dictator who steals money from my country . 
  ca n't you see that i detest putin just as much as you ? 
  my countrymen have suffered so much under european sanctions due to his barbaric actions, 
  we go to the streets and protest and are arrested . 
  i love the hilarious irony of being told that as an an individual deserve to be held accountable for the actions of a dictator because i have not launched a revolution against my own country . 
  do you ever hear yourself ? 
  do you like to claim german complacency is equivalent to holding them responsible for hitler ? 
  are you having a joke ? 
  we do not live in a democracy . 
  how could i , an 18 year old girl , remove him ? 
  launch a military coup ? 
  piss off with your sanctimonious condescension . 
  of course i do n't . 
  i think it 's disgusting what putin his done , his acts in crimea and the subsequent sanctions do n't affect him with his stolen billions from the russian people , and now our average wage is $ 8,600 per year . 
  we are living like a third world country due to this . 
  i could never support it . 
  why do you have to be cruel ? 
  you 're right , we do n't have democracy , so we did n't have a say in our government taking crimea . 
  why should i as an individual be punished for that, 
  fantastic news . 
  now , for russia to follow . 
  she 's not a fascist , this is ridiculously hyperbolic . 
  ironically , implying someone is a fascist because they have an opposing view to you is the definition of fascism . 
  very true , it 's only after moving to the uk and seeing what a democratic politician looks like that i now expect the same in russia . 
  all russian politicians are corrupt by default, 
  you 're right - sorry i was really tired when i wrote that and i definitely did not mean that - i meant to say they have a sizeable european population . 
  i understand , the point i was trying to get across was that 25 % of kazakh citizens are ethnically russian , which is true . 
  i should have presented that more coherently , which i apologise for . 
  wow you love to take things out of proportion do n't you . 
  25 % of people in kazakhstan are ethnic russians so yes , it is a sizeable amount . 
  well , that much is assumed . 
  criteria for competence is different among russians ; for me it is someone who is not corrupt . 
  for a lot of russians , it is a strong authoritarian leader like putin . 
  i would love a russian woman president . 
  when i was a child i used to wish it could be me . 
  the data is calculated by purchase - however i know a lot of russians who make their own vodka at home so that probably makes the data appear lower than it actually is, 
  the source is the world health statistics . 
  i 'm not trying to push an agenda - what would that be ? 
  that czechs drink too much ? 
  wow you really took this out of proportion . 
  kazakhstan have a sizeable caucasian population who were born in kazakhstan ( soviet union ) and consider themselves russian , such as my relatives . 
  that is all i was trying to say . 
  do you have to be such a condescending twat about it ? 
  english is my second language so sometimes it is difficult for me to express things coherently . 
  they do n't all - however i know a sizeable part of them too , i have relatives in kazakhstan who were born there yet consider themselves russian . 
  i have relatives in kazakhstan who geographically live in asia , but they consider themselves russian . 
  many former soviet union countries have high ethnic russian populations . 
  what ? 
  it says former soviet union , because it included some geographically asian countries such as kazakhstan who are ethnically caucasian and consider themselves russian . 
  lithuania is there on the map separate from russia, 
  hoping this is similar to the incident at the louvre where it was just some maniac with a knife who was shot and killed without hurting anybody . 
  these maps are never too fun because you have no idea what 's going on in the baltics and russia take up too much room . 
  kind of like ww1 . 
  i mean it 's england so probably, 
  drinking age is 18 in england so they would n't technically be children - but you 're right definitely potential for young people like university students, 
  probably like the last london attack where the gunfire was from authorities , not perpetrator, 
  it 's just not possible to block off sidewalks . 
  there are always going to be busy streets as fundamental part of london , and terrorists are taking advantage of that, 
  time and location would hopefully indicate not . 
  not a lot of children out in the middle of london late on saturday, 
  she campaigned for remain , so this is irrelevant . 
  maybe the putin-bots say that , but it 's an inherent part of russian culture for shit stuff to happen to you and just shrug and move on source : russian history, 
  that is so ridiculously hyperbolic . 
  no one has said that other than you, 
  i honestly believe its possible . 
  this russia `` hacking '' scandal has done so much more harm than good to the russian government , and russia has the most and best hackers in the world . 
  patriotism in russia is hugely embedded within culture . 
  i would n't be shocked . 
  i agree with the sentiment but greenpeace are honestly a bunch of condescending , sanctimonious twats who do more harm than good , and i 'm a vegan !, 
  why have you got to be like this ? 
  why ca n't you judge me on an individual basis ? 
  london has always leant towards labour . 
  it 's politically left , and was staunchly in favour of remaining in the eu . 
  not surprising at all . 
  just a bit of context ; gdp per capita in russia is $ 8,600 . 
  we 're poor as shit . 
  we hate people like this . 
  congratulation !, 
  would be great for russia to follow, 
  calm down , i made this comment when there were literally no indications of what have happened . 
  i know terrorism is a huge issue, 
  there 's a huge political implication . 
  i live in the u.k. and i have friends telling me they 're scared to travel the eurostar , or travel to london because of terrorism . 
  impacts are n't linked solely to political legislation - but also the mindset of the people, 
  i can relate - i 'm jewish and have a lot of hindu friends , it 's interesting that both our religions are strongly against forceful conversions . 
  indian people are valuable to british society and i am grateful for many individual contributions .
