  but this day is about the celebration of the defeat of the nazis - the individuals who participated in ww2 had no effect on that so why do people refuse to mourn that ? 
  there is a different between refusing to participate ( which makes sense ) and explicitly stating that they do not deserve to be mourned and that anti-russian sentiment to current russians is justified . 
  `` people refuse to mourn russians ( as individuals ) `` well they should n't have started ww2 '' first of all , that 's horrifically inaccurate . 
  the historical consensus is that the british/french policy of appeasement and german pursuit of lebensraum caused ww2 . 
  second , you contradicted yourself ... you just said russians as individuals do not deserve to be mourned and now that i 've exposed your hypocrisy you 're trying to back peddle . 
  this is what people need to understand . 
  victory day is intimately personal for every russian . 
  we all have grandparents who went to war - most of which never return . 
  to see people diminishing their sacrifice is hurtful and unfair . 
  aaaaand we 've come full circle . 
  you 're saying that i , as an individual , as a 17 year old russian , deserve to be hated because 70 years ago my country was under a brutal dictatorship . 
  sorry english is n't my first language , you 're right . 
  a more accurate observation would be that victory would not be possible without the soviets . 
  the soviets killed 5.5 x more nazis than all the other allies combined . 
  there is no debate that they were the biggest reason why the allies won . 
  i have the honestly to admit that as a russian , i do have a subconcious bias that favours russia . 
  anyone does towards their own country . 
  i 'm not going to be so stupid to defend russian war crimes , but its the consensus on this sub that russia is an evil dictatorship and putin is the worst man in the world . 
  all the upvoted comments in the thread consist of people refusing to mourn russians . 
  if you want your anti-russian sentiment to be validated look no further than this sub . 
  are you serious ? 
  r/europe despises russians more than any other ethnic group . 
  russophobia is the only form of racism on the sub that is explicitly condoned . 
  i think some russians are personally insulted when there is a dominant narrative that we should not celebrate individuals who fought . 
  every single russian had ancestors who fought in this war , so to them it is so intimately personal . 
  the ones who defend atrocities are wrong but i think the people who are essentially telling russians that their family are bad people . 
  people like to forget that russians suffered the worst for communism . 
  the soviets killed 5.5 x more nazis than the rest of the allies combined . 
  this is a historical , indisputable fact . 
  yeah , innocent people whose grandparents were victims of a dictatorship 70 years ago deserve to drink toxic material because they too were victims of a dictatorship !, 
  so you would have rather the nazis win ? 
  and millions of russians were sent to the gulags too - my grandfather 's father was for refusing to give up his farmland . 
  we all suffered . 
  ordinary russians did not have the capacity to influence that . 
  direct your hate at the dictatorship , not individual russians who suffered too . 
  concisely put . 
  the people who died had no capacity to influence what followed . 
  apparently asking for empathy and decency in mourning those is too much to ask from some people . 
  the soviets defeated 82 % of nazis though . 
  also may the 9th is russian victory day because of time differences - victory day is celebrated by the other allies on the 8th . 
  and again , as a russian individual i 'm lumped in and held accountable for the actions for someone who ironically was n't even russian . 
  ( stalin was georgian . ), 
  honestly should n't even be shocked that r/europe has regressed into a place where explicit racism is justified . 
  i do n't appreciate being lumped in and being held accountable for things i or my family did n't do . 
  my family were conscripted against their will and died despite wanting to live . 
  i abhor communism , i merely want to cherish the life of my family who had it unjustly snatched from them . 
  do you even hear yourself ? 
  we should have just let the nazis win then , the soviets were just as bad ... / s there are so many complex ideological and contextual factors involved . 
  edit : so now you realised the lunacy of that statement and edited your post to call the soviet union a `` lesser evil '' . 
  they were both abhorrent but nazism was so much worse . 
  the soviet union was responsible for 82 % of nazi deaths . 
  their scorched earth policy meant that the nazis could not salvage resources . 
  i am biased but i grew up in the uk and had a comprehensive education - all my history professors ( and any competent historian ) agrees that there is no contention that the soviets almost singe handedly defeated the nazis, 
  this is really cruel ... 
  i do n't deny the soviet union was a disgusting dictatorship and that communism is a vile ideology . 
  but my great grandfather was conscripted against his will and died . 
  my grandmother grew up with no parents . 
  mourn for the innocents - not the death of the soviet union . 
  what about the innocent 28 million dead soldiers who were conscripted against their will ? 
  the soviets killed 82 % of the nazis ... it was mostly them . 
  obviously as a russian i 'm biased but that 's a historic fact . 
  til : people really hate russians, 
  what a horrifically simplistic view of history . 
  there is little contention that what occurred after the war was wrong . 
  but please remember the 50 million russians who died . 
  the fact that 82 % of nazis died at soviet hands . 
  my grandmother grew up with no parents for this war . 
  please cherish their sacrifice . 
  oh do n't get me wrong - putin is by far the best of a bad bunch . 
  a corrupt system such as ours could never produce a fair and democratic leader , so within the context of corruption putin is the best we could have got . 
  the problem is not him as an individual but the political system . 
  a lying yet somewhat intelligent man who is the natural manifestation of having a fundamentally corrupt political system . 
  okay calm down, 
  the english female is horrendously inaccurate, 
  but what about the # 350 million a week ? 
  fucking hell we 're worse than palestine , how depressing, 
  i agree , i never meant to imply it was only russian . 
  anti eastern european sentiment has , from what statistics indicate , increased with the announcement of brexit . 
  well , i 'm happy that your friend experience no anti-russian sentiment but i personally have . 
  i think a lot of it is regional and will depend what part of the uk you are from . 
  also wtf is `` consensual '' anti-russian sentiment ? 
  is n't this just the consensus in europe ? 
  it 's gotten to the point where i actively avoid speaking russian in public , i 've gotten racial abuse in the uk for speaking on the phone in russian , it 's quite sad, 
  accurate , i always found it odd to say i 'm from the south, 
  we will never forget - we will always remember . 
  i 'm from rostov which has a significant armenian population ( who fled during persecution ) , so i learned a lot about this growing up . 
  honestly there are a lots of faults i can pick out with the article , but it is hugely constructive in defining the harsh economic and political environment that led to putin , that seldom few europeans fully understand . 
  wow :( how sad , wish i could do something for these people . 
  `` what do i have to live for ? '', 
  if you think russians are voting for putin because they 're crazed people who desire the destruction of democracy you are wrong . 
  we suffered so much under yeltsin - catastrophic poverty , and putin brought us out of that . 
  the russian people care primarily about their family and their ability to live above the poverty line , their ability to feed their children and sustain a job . 
  please understand the domestic issues of russia - the average russian has no desire to `` destroy europe out of spite '' . 
  i ask genuinely - have you even met a russian to make such a wild assertion ? 
  the difference between russia and islam is that russian is an actual ethnic identity whereas islam is n't . 
  and when i have people telling me , an individual `` stop invading countries stop being disgusting you should n't even exist your country is disgusting '' based solely off my ethnicity and disregarding any opinions i may have , that is clear and blatant racism . 
  i 'm quite happy to have diplomatic discussions criticising putin ( the irony being i 'm a russian who despises putin ) , but come off it , yes he 's a corrupt psychopath but to say he wants to destroy `` european way of life '' is an astonishingly false hyperbole . 
  targeting russians as individuals has nothing to do with putin and everything to do with anti-russian sentiments i.e. 
  blah , blah blah . 
  draw the distinction between a government and civilians please .
