  love this man . 
  a poignant and beautiful soul - reading his diary entries are hilarious ( he called his future wife a man because she was wearing trousers ) . 
  i still remember when i flew to warsaw years ago they played chopin as we landed . 
  poland should cherish this beautiful and amazing composer !, 
  i ship it . 
  `` homemade vodka and despair '' is very accurate, 
  surely that 's got to be wrong . 
  when i went to paris the louvre was always packed and musee orsay , whilst being busy was nowhere near as heaving . 
  in france , jews are less than 1 % of the population , yet make up 50 % of race based hate crime victims . 
  i understand why jews are leaving france, 
  the english girl does n't look english at all !, 
  nah , i think it 's because i 'm from european russia and there are many different ethnic groups within russia that probably affect the average . 
  it 'd be more correct to say the polish girl looks like a traditional european russian . 
  i think the `` polish '' girl looks more russian than the `` russian '' one !, 
  ` communism ' that you read about was never successfully implemented in the soviet union . 
  there are quite a few young people in russia who never experienced life under the soviet union who like to romanticise and idolise it . 
  i think communism caused the death and stagnation of eastern european culture to which we are still heavily recovering . 
  millions of people all suffered immeasurably for a meaningless facade of an ideology . 
  i think those who glamorise communism are naive ... 
  it is hard to say regarding the ussr . 
  i am proud of the actions of soviet citizens , such as their efforts in ww2 to which we all owe our lives to . 
  however , i recognise that stalin and lenin are psychopathic dictators who treated life as if it had no worth . 
  your anecdotal experiences are still not enough to generalise an entire country . 
  i 'm sorry that these experiences have affected you so deeply that you have so much mistrust and hate for russians , and i hope one day you will realise that there is far more that unites us than divides us . 
  russian people are not their government . 
  `` doublethink thrives in russia '' ? 
  how can you make such huge generalisation on a country with a population of 140 million inhabitants . 
  i know no russians who would cheer for dead ukrainians and as a russian myself i think whoever does that is morally abhorrent . 
  i feel sympathy for all deaths because people like choir singers are n't government officials . 
  they have no say in foreign policy . 
  they ca n't be held responsible and you 're a hypocrite for condemning russians for supposedly disregarding human life when you 're doing the exact same , but applying that to russian life . 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  it 's political foreign policy - they 're not government officials and they bear no responsibility for what 's going on in syria whether you agree with it or not . 
  beautiful . 
  may your souls be at peace countrymen, 
  it 's not my interpretation . 
  when people say that this death is their karma , they 're essentially stating that their affiliation in the russian government is enough to morally warrant death . 
  people who say `` karma '' are implying that they deserve to die , though . 
  people do n't deserve to die merely for being affiliated with the government . 
  irregardless they do not deserve to die because they are promoting a political stance that you do n't agree with . 
  what 's your point ? 
  did i claim they were apolitical ? 
  they have no involvement in what goes on there . 
  did i say they were apolitical ? 
  they 're the red army choir . 
  they represent their country - but they have absolutely nothing to do with what happens in crimea and syria . 
  anyone who tried to justify these deaths due to their own personal political agenda is disgusting . 
  these were n't government officials or soldiers - they were choir singers and volunteers for the homeless . 
  may they rest in peace . 
  yeah i know , just gets a bit tiring after the 5000th time, 
  read my post history , i 'm against the occupation of crimea . 
  do n't judge me primarily based on where i was born , i 'm an individual . 
  shhh do n't break the anti russia circle jerk !, 
  yes , and i 've been to israel . 
  more jewish women drive tanks in israel than drive cars in saudi arabia - i think that epitomises judaism against islam in regard to attitudes towards women . 
  this is so ridiculously bigoted . 
  perhaps in some arab cultures where women are viewed as inherently inferior , but this is not the case in judaism . 
   he 's been the victim of arson attacks from radical jewish groups aww , does the little holocaust denier need a safe space ? 
  :( ( ( ( the moment somebody invalidates the systematic genocide of 6 million people i do n't care if their feelings are hurt . 
  good riddance . 
   the bear ate the pancakes , he did n't attack her , he only wanted the pancakes me irl, 
  yeah , definitely does n't mean south east asian - the term is used almost primarily for middle easterners . 
  went to paris four months after the attack , was absolutely packed . 
  dread to know what it 's like during peak tourist season . 
  i yearn for an end of russian corruption but to state that about china is not true . 
  the china stock market crash in 2015 demonstrates how interlinked global economies are - in a world of accelerating globalisation china are rapidly growing in prominence and affluence - it is very important to construct a good relationship with them . 
   russia would fight corruption a day that i can only dream of . 
  this is barbaric . 
  however , i understand the difficulties of reversing cultural traditions - i used to learn spanish and my teacher ( who is from colombia ) revered the event as great fun and expressed wish to join in . 
  i doubt we will witness it come to an end . 
  some of you really have to learn what `` per capita '' means . 
  you are correct - sorry , i conflated the two . 
  but how do you get free movement of goods without free movement of people ? 
  it 's hyperbole , and in my experience i 've been treated with hostility when i said this , and on one occasion ( someone obviously thought i was a russian immigrant ) said something like `` if you 're going to live here speak our language '' . 
  nothing too bad but for some people it can be a touchy subject . 
  yeah did n't you know ? 
  we russians come out the womb hating ukrainians , raging war and invading georgia !, 
  it 's in our blood !, 
  it 's called hyperbole . 
  i obviously do n't hate all ukrainians considering i am ethnically part ukrainian and have family there . 
  but okay , disregard that part of my post . 
  do you know what is unnatural ? 
  glasses , medicine , computer ... does that mean they are all inherently bad ? 
  i hate these dumb justifications that homophobes use . 
  and boris johnson said it would n't and that uk citizens could still travel to eu countries without having to apply for a visa . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  i have relatives in lviv and visit there fairly often . 
  beautiful city but huge problems with anti semitism . 
  warning to all people : do not call lviv `` lvov '' , you will be lynched . 
  this is something i feel that is pertinent yet underlooked . 
  when we hear about attacks , we often classify them by severity by the number of dead . 
  however , we do n't take into account the individuals scarred physically and mentally for life . 
  so lucky to be born in such a beautiful continent . 
  with the corruption inherent within russian government , it is only logical to assume he did . 
  how else did he fund his multi-billion dollar black sea holiday home ? 
  i remember when a kremlin advisor came out saying that putin has around $ 10 billion of stolen money . 
  i said , `` is that it !? 
  what a modest man ! '', 
  outstanding the amount of money he has stolen from the russian people whilst masquerading as a `` patriot '' . 
  white people in europe !,
