  we fought to defend european liberties in ww2 , where we lost 60 million of our own people . 
  we are a part of europe , and we deserve to mourned . 
  it is n't , but younger generations and intellectuals are becoming increasingly better versed in english . 
  a lot of young russians have idealised views of the uk so whenever i go back everyone wants to hear about it . 
  i 'm female so the draft wo n't apply for me . 
  what point are you even trying to make ? 
  it 's a socialist party my mother votes for . 
  how the hell is this linked to innocent children who have no ability to vote being slaughtered . 
  it is something that us people with a conscience will never be able to fully comprehend . 
  i live in the uk , moved here when i was very young . 
  i go back to russia every summer . 
  thanks . 
  and the innocent children who have died , who have no capacity to vote , they deserve death ? 
  jesus christ you have a misguided moral compass . 
  i ca n't vote in russia , i 'm only 17 . 
  and also i can claim the exact same about how russian deaths are less valued than western european deaths . 
  you hear so much about the tragic paris attacks , yet none about the nearly 300 deaths from the shooting of the russian airline . 
  every death is a tragedy . 
  every one should be mourned . 
  yes , it is the easter holidays now for russian school now . 
  god , those poor innocent children . 
   thousands of innocent people have died from russian invasion that has nothing to do with me as an individual , or with the 10 individuals who have died . 
  it is not a competition of grief . 
  every death , ukrainian or russian is tragic . 
  none can be justified . 
  i have ukrainian ancestry - my heart bleeds for both countries . 
  the world is not so black and white . 
  very true but historically there has also been an muslim population too, 
  jesus christ fuck off you insensitive prick . 
  ultimately we are all slavic people and innocent people and children are dead , that have nothing to do with the ukrainian conflict . 
  watching videos of the attack i am crying . 
  women screaming out `` where are my children ? '', 
  russia is a hugely diverse country with many ethnic groups - most muslims are from chechnya or dagestan who have lived in russia for centuries . 
  they 're not immigrants . 
  has all the hallmarks of a classic islamic terrorist attack . 
  considering the context i would call isis . 
  i feel sick to my stomach . 
  have we not suffered enough ? 
  no no no . 
  please god no, 
  a tragedy for a great country, 
  um , what the hell ? 
  what 's the significance of this ? 
  the article does n't even reveal that . 
  how disrespectful and tasteless . 
  no , by sending a singer who had performed in crimea . 
  also that blatant prejudice is n't cool . 
  yeah , i remember the cyprus jury gave 12 votes to russia , which is coincidental considering the amount cyprus invest into russia . 
  it 's biased in every aspect . 
   quantum physics til that the list of russian singers who performed in ukraine is as comprehensible as quantum physics . 
   law is only enforced when people report the violation . 
  so much wrong with this statement . 
  [ why has the sbu banned 120 other participants that were not reported , then ? ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-39354775 ) . 
  also fyi that is not how the law operates . 
  but it was publicly available knowledge knew she performed . 
  if this was a law that was enforced then why would n't it just immediately ban all those who had been documented to perform in crimea ? 
  oh right , because the law is only enforced when ukraine have a political agenda , got it . 
  how disgusting do you have to be to compare modern day russia to nazi germany - what a vulgar comparison and you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  why was n't she banned before russia made it official then ? 
  hell , the act itself was announced over 2 weeks ago . 
  why ban her when there 's less than two months before the competition ? 
  the irony is that russia won the popular vote , it 's just the jury that makes no attempt to conceal their blatant political bias, 
  ukraine took the obvious bait and now look like a bunch of pathetic children . 
  we have the high ground now . 
  i 'm shocked czech republic is higher than spain . 
  other than prague , i find it difficult to find english speakers whereas in spain i have always spoken in english with no difficulty . 
  it 's also surprising to see such a small difference in scores between russia and france . 
  most people i know in russia can speak a few sentences of english as best - it 's very rare for there to be a proficient speaker . 
  i wonder what this is based from ? 
  this makes me sad . 
  these are intended to affect the government , but in reality it is the innocent civilians who just want to provide a livelihood for their families that shall be worst hit . 
  genuine question - how do people justify the fact that her father , a man who she has taken great political influence from has been justly prosecuted of anti-semtism several times ? 
  to be fair , apparently just one of the reported attacks was an attempted rape . 
  there are probably more that have n't been classified as a hate crime . 
  yeah i know - he actually saw the church as a huge barrier in creating his demagogic dictatorship . 
  he did however claim to be `` finishing the work of jesus '' ( oh the irony ) . 
  my point was to the person i was replying to was portraying jews as european villains and christians are victims , and i was challenging that narrative . 
  yeah sure . 
  [ hate crime statistics by the official ministry of justice ] ( http://hatecrime.osce.org/france ) 739 xenophobic hate attacks , with 471 being anti-semitic . 
  so it 's actually gone up significantly to 63 % in 2015, 
  yeah , i too would love to be enlightened on this lmao . 
  when has this ever happens, 
  it is without a doubt a large part of it . 
  when did i ever say that jews are an innocent people ? 
  they are indisputably the victims of unsolicited and disproportionate hatred . 
  stop trying to justify your discrimination . 
  last time a `` christian '' man tried to destroy a jewish society , 11 million people died . 
  hitler was a self proclaimed christian . 
  so your argument is obsolete . 
  and yet anti-semitism is still alive and thriving in europe . 
  in france , jews make up less than 1 % of the population but make up 50 % of hate crime victims . 
  anti semitism did not end with nazi germany . 
  stick up for your jewish neighbours !, 
  they do , but they learn more of the triumphs rather than the brutal reality , and this makes it easy for naive children to get the wrong impression . 
  i guess it 's the same way in which in the u.k. , when taught about british history there is little focus on the brutal colonisation and murder of indigenous people . 
  i think a lot of this opinion comes from young adults/teenagers who never grew up in the soviet union and did n't experience the hardships . 
  they romanticise the power and global dominance we once had and idolise it whilst ignoring the suffering that most people experienced . 
  it 's just a result of people being stupid . 
  you 're quite correct , thanks for the correction . 
  they did travel together frequently and i do believe he harboured some warm feelings towards her .
