  he does n't have the capacity to win an election , all intimidation tactics . 
  i know , i 'm sorry , i struggle with clarity of expression , russian and english are very different languages . 
  my inherent point is that : eu sanctions , russian sanctions and recession due to our lack of economy diversification are all the fault of putin . 
  but he is not the one who suffers the implications - it is ordinary russians who do not have the capacity to influence these events . 
  if it seems like i 'm trying to blame the eu i am not . 
  oh my gosh ... is this a joke ? 
  i 'm placing the entire blame on putin . 
  it 's his idiotic foreign policy that i blame . 
  am i not making sense here or are you completing ignoring everything i 'm saying ? 
  sorry i 've clearly not made my point clear enough . 
  russians have suffered under the european sanctions that are a * direct consequence * of putin 's actions . 
  europe were justified in the sanctions . 
  however , the cruel injustice is that rather than punishing the dictator , it punishes the innocents who had no capacity to influence those events . 
  that is the unjust tragedy of it all and shows how putin does not care about us as people, 
  that is not what i meant . 
  europe were completely justified in doing so - it is putin 's fault for his stupid actions . 
  i do n't understand . 
  are you saying because i 'm russian then i am a oligarch ? 
  not all russians living in the uk are rich , not even 10 % of them are . 
  exactly . 
  putin imposed them . 
  not ordinary russian people . 
  his actions - failure to diversify the economy , actions in ukraine - he does n't have to suffer the repercussions . 
  it is ordinary russians who have no capacity to control these events . 
  i sometimes find it difficult to express my points in clarity in english . 
  the point is this - the current economic recession , an impact of putin 's failure to diversify our economy and actions in ukraine do not affect him . 
  it is russian people who suffer . 
  how can you say there is no impact when within the last 5 years russian income has fallen by a third ? 
  the thing about putin is that he is a power hungry egoist . 
  if not him , then he will enforce a puppet like medvedev, 
  haha yep there is definitely a decrease in education quality , which i was surprised at !, 
  formulaic , rigid testing structure that disincentives innovative thought ... british schooling system has a lot of things it could be doing better no we are taught about cycles of poverty and how it manifests , the impacts of economic deprivation and the subsequent implications on lifestyle patterns . 
  i study geography at school , to answer your rhetorical question . 
  it 's exactly why homeless people use drugs - as a form of escapism . 
  no wonder russian people use drugs and alcohol - as their living standards deteriorate , people become more susceptible to alcoholism and drug addiction . 
  absolutely . 
  moving to the uk has been a valuable experience - now that i have witnessed true democracy firsthand , not just in a history book , i hold my own country to the same standard only to be bitterly disappointed . 
  thank you for your insights, 
  sorry , i 've clearly not expressed myself properly . 
  the sanctions are not relevant to the point i 'm attempting to express - what i 'm trying to convey is that it is regular russians who suffer for putin 's actions . 
  whether that is his failure to diversify our economy from energy or his military expeditions in europe . 
  the 2.7 % loss we had in gdp last year is an impact of both our fundamentally unstable economic system , which is accentuated by sanctions . 
  all of which can be attributed to putin 's failures . 
  the sanctions have hugely reduced quality of life , reduced living standards lead to the escalation of these things which are chronic symptoms of impoverishment . 
  i just want to help people increase their quality of life . 
  every month i send # 100 to my local charities in russia . 
  i think you 've misinterpreted what i 've said ( or my fault english has led to a false expression ) , i do n't mean revolutionary change . 
  i just want to help improve lives for average russians which are suffering so much under dictatorship . 
  in the u.k. , talking to people about the reality of russia under putin , to me is significant change . 
  offering somebody a valuable insight on an issue they only hear discussed in a one dimensional context is to me , change . 
  my father had to move so he could carry on providing for our family . 
  however , i do n't see the validity in comparing me being russian and that being an integral part of my being to a disease . 
  i like the uk a lot , it is a great country , but people here are inherently culturally different and i could never consider it my home . 
  how is that a disease ? 
  average of 35 % loss of income . 
  russian gdp per capita is $ 8,600 , which is worse than some first world countries . 
  alcoholism and drug use are extortionate as a subsequent result of decrease in living standards . 
  estimated hundreds of thousands of homeless children, 
  russia is where i was born , raised and where all my family live . 
  i do n't need somebody on the internet to tell me that . 
  that 's a inappropriate comparison also - i merely said that it was something that i contested in the pursuit of what i deem to be actually making an effort in my country . 
  i ca n't be blamed for the fact that my father moved me here against my will due to his employment - i want to finish my education here in the u.k. first . 
  i want to be as pragmatic as possible , me losing my russian citizenship ultimately would mean nothing if it meant i could pursue legitimate change for russian people . 
  a piece of legislation ca n't change that russia is my ancestral homeland , the only place on earth that i belong, 
  i turned 18 two weeks ago , and i 'm still trying to figure out what actions i can take that will be the most productive . 
  whether to stay in this country and pursue further education and campaign for a difference within a western european country or risk protest within russia . 
  i am still trying to judge which is more effective so at the moment i am balancing the two . 
  my dream is to become the uk parliamentary ambassador to russia , i think that would present me with much more capacity to implement change than simply going round russia risking arrest, 
  but that dialogue is significantly hindered when it can never escalate beyond `` you are russian and therefore you should be blamed for crimea purely because of your ethnicity and regardless of your views '' . 
  i 'm not asking to make a difference . 
  all i want is to be judged on my thoughts , not my passport, 
  i only moved to britain a few years ago due to my father 's job , i am very much still russian , it 's an integral part of my identity . 
  yes , i was born and raised in russia and i have dual citizenship , but russia is my home . 
  yes i do and i spend 3 months out of a year in russia , whenever i am there i do all i can and in the uk i talk to people about the truth behind russian dictatorship . 
  i genuinely want to know what else i can do because i want to help my people, 
  you 've misinterpreted me . 
  there 's a distinct difference between having a reasonable debate about geopolitics with someone versus refusing to have dialogue due to your preconceived perception of them purely due to the flag they 're born under . 
  honestly thinking of unsubscribing . 
  i came to engage in diplomatic discussion and instead i 'm being held to the moral equivalence of a dictator, 
  i live with the hope that one day this will collapse . 
  but throughout history , russian suffering almost seems inevitable, 
  i totally agree that sanctions are necessary . 
  i just think it is a tragedy that the sanctions do not hurt the ones who are guilty ( politicians ) , rather they hurt the average russians who never had any capacity to influence the events . 
  yes ? 
  that minority is valid and deserves to be judged on an individual basis . 
  hahaha oh this is fantastic !, 
  you are saying that an 18 year old russian girl has no right to ask to be judged as an individual because i have n't overthrown my government . 
  thank you , sometimes it does feel that way but i think people just find it easy to conflate putin with ordinary russians . 
  that is comforting to hear, 
  what 's the connotation behind this ? 
  because my efforts have not been successful in removing my government , they are worthless and i deserve to be judged based on simply being born russian ? 
  it 's so frustrating . 
  and when you logically point out how you had no capacity to influence events , they still try to hold you accountable . 
  it 's lunacy, 
  fair enough , i can understand that sentiment . 
  it is so sad that our relations as countries have regressed to the point where we are inherently skeptical of each other . 
  i hope that one day that can change, 
  `` based on data ... '' i am empirical evidence that opposition to the russian government exists . 
  but wait , i smear your narrative of all russians loving putin unconditionally and therefore i do not matter . 
  but what about me , and the thousands of other individuals who do not ?
