  the horror !, 
  absolute bs , putin owns at least $ 40 billion of stolen tax money . 
  no way is this man the richest . 
  [ non-eu citizens must renounce their previous citizenship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law ) since russia is n't in the eu , and the uk has left , that 's why - sorry , should have included that !, 
  other eu members can maintain duel citizenship though , but i think the article is incorrect - a german applying for british citizenship would have to renounce their german passport though , since britain is n't in the eu . 
  i 'm one of the odd few who will simultaneously have both a german , british and russian passport ( germany does n't allow dual citizenship ) - the law is exempt in the case of descendants of german holocaust survivors . 
  do n't mean to induce a french ( louvre ) versus russia ( hermitage ) showdown but the hermitage is larger - it has 3 million artefacts . 
  however , only a small percentage are available at a given time , unlike the louvre . 
  what are you even on about ? 
  can you do some research before making inflammatory statements please , you 're making the rest of us look bad, 
  this is literally a step towards autocratic authoritarianism . 
  eu , what are you going to do ? 
  have to agree with musee d'orsay for france . 
  louvre * can * be amazing if you go at the right times , but it so often is just a heaving stampede it detracts from all the beauty . 
  absolutely heartbreaking . 
  i am almost obsessed with the last 100 years of our history , thinking how if events had gone differently our backwards country would be 50 years ahead of where it currently is . 
  so much potential , so much innovation , so much talent , all squandered . 
  i ca n't even comprehend it . 
  the brexiteers never actually caught onto the fact that the leave campaign never promised to reduce immigration . 
  saw the headline , straightaway knew this would be in the uk . 
  going to a british school , there was so much racism against polish people more than any other ethnic group . 
  it 's just sad . 
  still can not believe that british people drink tea ... * with milk * . 
  destroys the purpose of the tea . 
  it 's our almost hilariously corrupt government coupled with a politically disfranchised population who are so impoverished that they do n't even care anymore . 
  welcome to russia . 
  i think it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  or did i just come out the womb , determined to bully people and invade georgia ? 
  it is common sense that a strong , coherent opposition will spur the leading party to become more effective out of fears of being unelected in the following elections . 
  simplified = strong opposition creates a strong government . 
  we witnessed this in the uk when theresa may was polling around 50 % - the government became complacent and lazy . 
  also , a government that does n't acknowledge opposition is the literal definition of a one party state . 
   the government is not obligated to listen to or ` care ' about the opposition . 
  that 's a one party state . 
  a government having solitary and primary power over the judiciary is literally the antonym of democracy . 
  it 's actually a pretty good path . 
  ironically the politicians are the ones who fail to follow it . 
  fascist indoctrination . 
  i 've clearly failed to express myself succinctly . 
  i define chechens and russians as inherently different - i would never conflate the two . 
  my relatives were victims of the beslan school siege , so the war with chechnya is something personal to me . 
   let chechens do their own thing we probably would have if they did n't feel the need to murder hundreds of russian children . 
  well you seem like a lovely individual without any prejudices / s, 
  very true - chechens would be outraged to be called `` russian '' . 
  culturally , ethnically and linguistically it is not and chechens would be outraged to be classified russian . 
  the only reason it is part of russia is that it would be too dangerous if it became independent . 
  so tarnishing to have this shit hole as a place be classified as russian ( culturally and ethnically it is not ) . 
  but if it was independent , we would have a rogue islamic state in europe . 
  g-d save the people in chechnya . 
  anti russian doublethink again comes into play . 
  how can russia simultaneously be both a dictatorship and a government in which every individual russian participates in and supports putin . 
  our `` polls '' are so heavily skewered . 
  do n't silence anti putin russians such as myself . 
  thanks , it 's important not to conflate the two . 
  to be honest i have used the word russophobia but in the context of hate against ethnic russians such as `` all russians are disgusting putinites '' not legitimate criticisms of russia such as `` russia should not have annexed crimea . '', 
  putin speaks fluent german and merkel fluent russian . 
  however they will always speak in their native tongue and have their interpretations translate for clarity of expression . 
  fundamentally corrupt - tax money is taken away to benefit wealth oligarchs rather than the general population who are living like third world peasants ( gdp per capita of $ 9,600 ) . 
  failure to diversify economy and excessive reliance on energy which is inherit unstable , resulting in the current recession we have now . 
  not addressing real problems ( like 800,000 homeless children ) whilst our leader spends billions on a house by the black sea . 
  ridiculous and costly campaigns such as annexation of crimea ( if crimea wanted to become russian it should have been handed diplomatically ) which has killed hundreds and geopolitically isolated us . 
  i 'm not so much anti-putin as an individual ( in fact , i think he is the best of a very bad bunch ) , but i am very anti russian government . 
  i 'm vehemently anti putin but there 's no objective evidence to suggest this . 
  merkel is one tough cookie . 
  she grew up in eastern soviet occupied germany and speaks russian fluently . 
  she knows vova for exactly what he is - an egotistical man who likes to intimidate his opponents . 
  so much respect for her, 
  not substantially . 
  the law is more based at homosexual media aimed at minors - probably more to do with conservative religious attitudes , combined with socioeconomic history and context . 
  in a country where there are 10 million more women than men , homosexuality ( usually more focused on gay men than women ) is seen as selfish , materialistic and working against the country, 
  what little beauties . 
  yes , see france where jews make up less than 1 % of population but 63 % of hate crime victims, 
  my home town < 3, 
   that one part of the country where crazy shit happens the entire place . 
  why are the french lighting it up so much ? 
  depressing . 
  i 'm not a putinite you moron - i am vehemently anti putin and i know the capacity of indoctrination to corrupt people . 
  my family and i make hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of contribution of tax to the uk and as a legal citizen i have every right to be here . 
  again , you brand me due to my nationality whilst preaching tolerance and liberalism . 
  irony is lost on you . 
  why does the uk want to be close with a country who will always perceive them as a subordinate ? 
  the uk had a fantastic position in europe, 
  i hate these kind of maps because you always have russia taking up like 1/3rd of the graphic and you have no clue what 's going on with counties like italy due to their shape, 
  this is pretty cool , but i think it 's important that politicians are judged by merit on an individual level . 
  you already had the most special role in the eu and so many concessions made toward you and you threw a tantrum rather than solving it because it still was n't enough !!, 
  is merkel just a traditional populist then ? 
  genuinely curious , this seems like an odd stance for a cdu member to hold , but my knowledge of german politics needs improvement, 
  this is really sad . 
  poor guy is most likely going to be tortured and then return to russia and be branded a traitor . 
  all jokes aside my heart goes out to him . 
  you need the nabucco pipeline . 
  i think an energy related crisis will finally force our incompetent leaders to realise an economy primarily based on energy is never sustainable . 
  but then again , it 's not like they care about the good of the country . 
  exact same here . 
  that place has serious problems , last time i went there the holocaust memorial was vandalised . 
  please be sarcasm , please be sarcasm ... 
  what absolute bs . 
  you 're at the holocaust memorial , yet still find a way to make yourself a victim . 
  absolutely incredible, 
  do n't think that 's completely true though is it .
