  sadly the u.k. has had many issues with the pakistani community , such as many child sex rings such as rochdale, 
  many of the post ww2 emigrants such as indians have integrated themselves into british society and enfranchised themselves into the economic sector and contribute hugely to sectors such as healthcare . 
  i agree we should never specifically aim to create a diverse society but your statement is unfair to ethnic minority individuals who are contributors to society, 
  yes , i think it 's difficult to foresee . 
  some religions such as sikhism and judaism have caused little to no problems in britain . 
  i think the dynamic nature of culture makes it difficult to predict the consequences of it, 
  actually most of britain 's muslim population are 2nd/3rd generation immigrants from commonwealth countries who were brought to rebuild the infrastructure after ww2 . 
  most muslims in britain were born in britain . 
  when have i ever claimed myself to be benevolent ? 
  it 's a sociological observation - human beings are inherently emotional and therefore ( illogically ) fear fundamental malicious things such as terrorism , murder more than they do the real threat . 
  yes , muslims are killing people globally . 
  this is in muslim countries though . 
  terrorism is so frightening because it is in the home country . 
  the cause of death will have huge political implications . 
  if we as a society cared most about the things that killed us by quantity , we 'd be living in fear of heart disease and cancer . 
  but we do n't . 
  it 's because terrorism is so fundamentally purposeful and malicious that it evokes so much fear . 
  an incident has no political impact . 
  really hope it is not what i think it is . 
  oh wise and noble sage , what other wise professions do you have regarding an entire ethnicity ? 
  oh no please forgive me for something that people born under the same flag did over 70 + years ago that i had no personal involvement in !!!!, 
  if only you held other countries to the same moral standard as russia ... 
  i 'm jewish , should i go around asking austrians and germans to `` pay for their crimes '' because hitler was austrian ? 
  i 'd certainly have a better case for it than you do . 
  yet only the case against russia is accepted . 
  i wonder why , it could n't * possibly * be because there 's an explicit european bias against russia !, 
  `` why are you complaining that we banned facebook ? 
  you still have twitter and instagram ! '', 
  if you support autocratic governments that 's your own business but it goes against the fundamental principles of democracy . 
  fact is you 're explicitly condoning authoritarian censorship under the guise of `` but it 's russian propaganda !!!! '' . 
  i have a vk account , it 's full of people posting pictures of their cats and uploading selfies . 
  it 's facebook equivalent . 
  not the anti-ukrainian propaganda machine you like to make it sound . 
  do you even have a vk account ? 
  this is censorship and repression and being hidden under the guise that vk is supposedly a russian spy tool . 
  it 's a bloody social network . 
  actually russian propaganda point in regard to myself is redundant . 
  i moved to the uk when i was 10 so i do n't even watch russian news that often . 
  no i do n't trust the russian government , nor do i believe it . 
  you literally just confirmed what i said to be true . 
  purely because i 'm russian , you think i 'm some weak minded individual who is susceptible to bias and propaganda ( as if russia is the only country to do so , lmao ) and blame me for the actions of my country from decades ago . 
  am i supposed to be honoured that you * might * not associate me as evil ? 
  and i 'm meant to react warmly to the implication that most of my countrymen are evil ? 
  oh just piss off . 
  honestly what position of authority do you have to say that we russians enjoy suffering ? 
  that is disgusting prejudice . 
  i 'm actually ethnically ukrainian and have a ukrainian surname so to see suffering in ukraine breaks my heart , as it does many other russians . 
  i 100 % agree with that . 
  sorry i 'm not too great with expressing sentiments , i guess what i meant to say is that russophobia has become the `` acceptable '' form of racism . 
  i 've got quite a heavy accent so that usually gives me away . 
  sorry that was worded awfully . 
  what i meant to say was - often prejudice towards ethnic minorities such as indians or arabs is ( rightly ) heavily criticised and vocalised to be wrong . 
  whereas people can be racist to russian people , and it is socially acceptable because visibly they are white . 
  like for example people call me a communist and an evil imperialist whereas if you said something similar to a black person relating to their heritage you would be publically shunned as a racist . 
  thanks for recognising it . 
  it 's scary how much dangerous prejudice is accepted against russians , purely because we are white . 
  i live in the uk at the moment and it has actually gotten to the point where as a young person i am scared to speak russian in public , because i have received so much verbal abuse . 
  but this issue was completely irrelevant . 
  a russian user wished congratulations to ukrainians , and immediately they are treated with scepticism . 
  it 's like everyone * wants * russians to be bad people , and they feel threatened when that narrative is shattered . 
  wow , let me apologise , i could n't tell you were being sarcastic !, 
  usually people put '' / s '' to connote that . 
  i 've been told that i 'm a murdering pillager before for being russian so sadly i thought you were being serious . 
  sorry for my poor english comprehensive skills , friend . 
  can you read ? 
  the person i was replying to said `` most russians support annexation of crimea '' , which i replied is true , because it is . 
  i never said that i as an individual support it , ( i do n't , by the way ) , i was explaining and justifying why most russians do . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  sorry to shatter your illusion of russians as imperialist warmongers who want crimea purely because they 're just desperate to acquire land . 
  there are many complex contextual , historical and socio-economic reasons as to why this is such a contested issue . 
  wow , you seem like a lovely , non-biased person who likes to engage in critical historical debates . 
  / s i 'm female , i wo n't be conscripted . 
  that 's not what our army do and i do n't know why you 're so bitter and condescending that you would even explicitly say that . 
  thanks , i 'm tired of being told i 'm an accessory to dictatorship because i have n't led a lenin-esque revolution against my government . 
  50,000 russians protested against government last month . 
  when i am in russia i protest , and i speak out against corruption at university . 
  also the problem is so much more complex than the individuals in russian government - the whole system itself is inherently corrupt . 
  people do n't protest because they know it is futile , that is why our election turnouts are only 50 % . 
  people are disfranchised and know that anyone who is elected is corrupt . 
  so what do you propose we do , oh wise and noble sage ? 
   please stop invading and pillaging yeah , i , a 17 year old russian who does n't even have the capacity to vote for my own government deserves to be condescendingly judged and bemoaned by internet because of the flag i was born under . 
  aaaand yet again the anti-russian double-think comes out . 
  how can russia simultaneously be an evil dictatorship , but at the same time every russian individual is complacent in russian foreign policy ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  for the record , i do n't like being held accountable for things i have no impact in . 
  i 'm 17 , i ca n't even vote . 
  i know it 's a joke but on r/europe you make us out to be invaders and pillagers and the minute we show respect and kindness we get treated with skepticism . 
  you ca n't win if you 're russian, 
  hope russia does the same , know too many people who have difficulties travelling there, 
   not because they give a shit what the people want could you not argue that is exactly what is happening now in the uk with the early general election ? 
  may does n't care what the people want , she wants a tory landslide so she can consolidate her role as pm and have more conservative mps in parliament . 
  but if labour win ( lol ) then they 've won . 
  that 's the democratic outcome . 
  if cameron turned around and said `` yeah thanks for voting to leave but i never thought this would happen so we 're not doing it '' * what * is the point of democratic referendums ? 
  `` people voted on lies and garbage information '' . 
  hahaha that 's every single election ever !, 
  wow , nice racial steroetyping . 
  i 'm russian but i live in the uk , my family moved here . 
  my mum is a doctor and my dad runs a property business so actually it is in his interest to have a strong europe . 
  what was the point in government running the referendum if they were to go back on it ?
