  that was not how it was represented . 
  simply euphoric . 
  what a wise and considerate man . 
  glad we have thoughtful and intelligent individuals in our country such as this man . 
  i was a radical advocate for remain . 
  but i 'm not going to contest the outcome of a democratic referendum because that destroys the democratic credentials of the political system . 
  yes , the leave campaign lied . 
  but so do all politicians . 
  this is n't new . 
  it has triggered article 50 - it 's too late . 
  it was the wrong decision but now you just have to make the best out of the situation . 
  jesus christ i 'm tired today . 
  red , sorry . 
  sorry , you 're completely right , saw the green and blue and thought the flag was belarus . 
  russia killed 5.5 x nazis than rest of allies combined . 
   most russians support the occupation of crimea . 
  correct . 
  but it is not for the imperialist and nationalistic reasons that western media portray . 
  the area is 90 % ethnically russian , has historically been a part of russia and the population itself wanted to join with russia . 
  the ukrainian government did not want to respect the referendum and would not let them stay . 
  i do agree that there should have been more diplomacy but then again that is also dubious because institutions such as the un are fundamentally biased against russia . 
  there have been foreign policy actions by the uk e.g falklands which have a much smaller factual basis for integrating into the uk . 
  russians want crimea because of demographic and historical factors . 
   support war in crime and censorship . 
  this is n't true . 
  i hate corruption in the russian government and i believe it is the most pertinent issue . 
  i am lucky that i am an affluent individual who has the time and capacity to contest issues like this - the average earnings in russia are less than $ 9,000 usd per annum . 
  russians have no desire to get politically involved because of how corrupt the government structure is , and most just want to focus on making sure they can feed their families . 
  this is indicated that the fact that voter turn outs in some areas are less than 50 % . 
  russian needs its political system to be revolutionised ( pardon the pun ) . 
  this is why i do n't detest putin on an individual basis - if we get rid of him the problems wo n't stop . 
  the problem is an inherently corrupt system . 
  thanks for your genuinely earnest curiosity and for being polite , it 's rare to encounter on r/europe . 
  hope i helped give you a perspective from a russian view , sorry for any weird wordings english is n't my first language . 
  how can you compare the nazi state or soviet union to current day russia ... 
  because russians did n't stand idly by when 6 million jews were killed . 
  the nazi party received 39 % of the vote in 1932 whereas the communist party came to power via revolution . 
  the russians never elected communists whereas the german people clearly demonstrated that they wanted a nazi government . 
  however on an individual basis i do mourn those that did not support the nazis and were conscripted against their will , and i say that as a jew . 
  at least we were n't wiped off the face of the earth . 
  hitler wanted to exterminate civilians of slavic countries ( such as me and you ) . 
  when people refuse to mourn the deaths of innocent russian civilians and conscripted soldiers that generally is indicative that they hate them . 
   we mourn for the innocent victims that 's all i ask . 
  nowhere did i state that we celebrate the red army . 
  that 's the amount of people that died in russia in 1939-1945 - including russian people sent to gulags by stalin . 
  amount of war casualties is 28 million . 
   you voluntarily chose the flag of your country yeah , i chose to be born russian . 
  what the hell other flag am i meant to pick ? 
  i 'm 100 % ethnically and culturally russian . 
  does n't specify - they are committed by inhabitants of france though , who are a part of france . 
  you 're completely right . 
  and any reasonable and justified concerns that the uk is not invincible are childishly dismissed as `` unpatriotic '' and `` project fear '' . 
  this `` little britain '' mindset is very damaging and people need to realise that the uk is not an empire anymore . 
  [ official french ministry of justice ] ( http://hatecrime.osce.org/france ) 739 xenophobic hate attacks , with 471 being against jewish people - 63 % . 
  sadly not enough . 
  they colonized a lot of places and their king had a very warm relationship with da vinci , and the mona lisa used to be in his toilet . 
  french people do not speak a lot of english in comparison to the rest of europe , and are very patriotic . 
  paris is a wonderful city , and the louvre is the best museum in the world but it was invaded in early 20th century by an italian nationalist - and there is still a lot of contention about whether the louvre should return some italian paintings . 
  some fantastic football players e.g. 
  large jewish population but horrific anti-semitism ( less than 1 % of the population yet 63 % of hate crime victims are jewish ) . 
  those who ( rightly ) condemn soviet occupation of eastern europe would do well to remember that it was western europe that initially licensed and encouraged it . 
  this is very true . 
  people would do well to remember that we are not celebrating communism , or stalin . 
  russian people suffered more than anyone at the hands of the brutal dictatorship . 
  celebrate the innocent russians who were conscripted against their will , yet still fought , and lost 28 million lives . 
  i agree with your sentiment of looking to the future . 
  however for me personally it 's incredible frustrating when i am repeatedly told that i personally deserve to be stereotyped because of the actions of the past , when ironically the individuals saying this are british/french and arguably have a lot more morally dubious history . 
  i just would like every country to be held to the same moral accountability , but that is obviously impossible as people ( including myself ) are inherently biased and susceptible to the appeal of different historical narratives , regardless of whether it is historically accurate or not . 
  off topic but can i just thank you for remaining factual and diplomatic , it 's rare to find in r/europe and i 'm enjoying this discussion . 
  thank you for taking your own effort and time into learning the true facts behind ww2 and making an educated judgement . 
  education is the most powerful tool we can use against historical rewriting . 
  i do n't think i 'm making my point very clear . 
  i will never celebrate the raping and enslavement that the ussr participated in . 
  i will never celebrate communism . 
  i will never celebrate the eastern bloc . 
  what i will celebrate is the individuals who went to war to protect their country and family against nazism , and of which 28 million perished . 
   germany has done a lot to atone and admit the crimes of it 's past , russia as a predecessor of ussr does not , not at least in the same extent . 
  agreed , but it is morally hypocritical to single russia out for this . 
  what about britain and their brutal colonization and enslavement of 1/4 of the entire world , and their neo-colonialism today ? 
  the same applies for france . 
  `` rule britannia '' is still sung every year in the uk in `` last night of the proms '' , at least we do n't sing the soviet anthem in russia . 
  `` britons never never will be slaves ... '' just think of the connotations behind that . 
  i 'm not celebrating the wrongs that russia has done . 
  i have no problem with france celebrating their history ( as they should ) if they acknowledge their country is not perfect . 
  sadly the same standard is never applied to russia . 
  i do n't even want to think about how extortionately expensive they cost , it 'll shatter my dreams !, 
  i 'm not defending russia at all , the molotov-ribbentrop plan was a heinous mistake . 
  but the uk and france led a policy of appeasement allowing aunschluss , violations of the treaty of versailles and the invasion of czechoslovakia before they decided to do anything . 
  if the historical consensus makes you feel sick please take that up with academics who have spent decades studying ww2 . 
  i love paris . 
  the beautiful architecture , the high ceilings ... if only i was a millionaire i 'd purchase one of these beautiful apartments right by the louvre . 
  why do brits think that they 've started something significant . 
  no-one else is going to leave the eu , immigration levels will not fall and the economy will weaken even further . 
  leaving the eu was a horrific decision and the only thing left to do now is to prevent it from causing the recession which it is very much capable of doing . 
  um ... where do i blame poland for being divided . 
  it was the germany policy of lebensraum and volksermeinschaft that led to the invasion of poland . 
  russia was invaded first , how can you honestly contest that they started the war . 
  someone is bitter that their side did n't win . 
  upvoted comments such as `` i will mourn no-one '' are an explicit degradation of those who died . 
  i am with you in condoning the soviet actions following ww2 .
