  also known as `` the friendly ddos attack . '', 
  well , we 're sucking millions of euros out of eu , but we 're not buying short-term stuff for that money . 
  we 're renovating old teaching/training institutions , building new ones , stocking the under-stocked ones . 
  lots of companies apply for funding to buy new high-end manufacturing equipment and to train specialists . 
  several giant biotech labs have opened recently and there 's a huge laser factory being built not far from where i live . 
  a solar panel assembly plant is in the plans too . 
  a lot of money is spent to improve road infrastructure and there are plans to completely revamp the public transportation system in the capital and a few other cities , which should help more people travel around without cars . 
  it 's all about growing as much and as quickly as possible . 
  consequently , wages and the standard of living are rising too , people have more spare money and can spend more . 
  several reasons : 1 . 
  imgur is guaranteed to work nicely with res . 
  very easy to upload . 
  wo n't go down ( see : reddit hug of bear , a.k.a. 
  ddos love ), 
  baltic bro 's ftw !, 
  no but seriously , it 's nice to see this . 
  lithuania here . 
  police do have guns , but they 're used extremely rarely . 
  i 'm too lazy to look up statistics , but i personally do n't even remember a case where they shot someone , let alone shot someone without a very good cause . 
  how can you complain about the current situation being worse if you do n't know what it was like back then ? 
  so you do n't remember what it was like back then ? 
  well hello there , old fart  how are you doing these days ? 
  still grumpy because no one will chew your food for you , huh ? 
  oh yeah , unemployment , how horrible . 
  would you like to get a job right now in exchange for your whole family being sent off to prison for 15 years because your dad told a joke about the government ? 
  same in lithuania , it 's the old farts who liked it back then , because back then they all had jobs and the government was taking care of everything , yet now people have to do a lot more stuff for themselves and nanny state wo n't sort out all the problems . 
  they choose to ignore that bit where people who disagreed with the government got sent off to prisons . 
  a few little snowflakes ? 
  pfft , we 've still got a foot or two of snow here . 
  same here with some less popular roads around the outskirts of the city . 
  i just hope that it will start raining soon and the sand will be washed away . 
  main city streets are sweeped by the cleaning trucks , so there 's no sand on them . 
  just a shitload of salt . 
  my car used to be red , now everything below the windows is white . 
  lithuania kicks ass , though , 
  thick ice causes some mild issues when you want to go outside , take the trash out or drive somewhere . 
  i can literally do a 50 metre burn-out with my car without going faster than 20km/h . 
  same here . 
  even if it snows during the night , the snow is light and fluffy . 
  strong winds just blow it away and the crust remains . 
  we do n't even have sidewalks near my house , the street is just a really thick layer of ice . 
  can someone explain lithuania ( lietuva ) to me ? 
  in both 2011 and 2012 the number of fatalities has increased ( by just a little bit ) , yet the chart shows -1 % ( 2010-2011 ) and 2 % ( 2011-2012 ) . 
  why is the percentage negative for one year and positive for the other if the number of deaths has increased in both years ? 
  heh , of course not . 
  there obviously are some iffy situations when it snows , then the snow melts a little bit during the day and freezes again during the night , so the roads are covered in a thick layer of ice . 
  all the main ones are cleaned , but some of the less popular ones might take half a day for the snow plows and those salt-spreading trucks to arrive , so the public transport slows down a bit . 
  at the moment most people are in the middle , but leaning towards the `` we do n't want it '' side . 
  at first most people were thinking that it would be nice ( this was around 2008 or so ) and that wages would reach the western europe levels , but now everyone realised that this is just not going to happen . 
  a sad joke going around is that after the introduction of euro the prices of the food will be the same ( 2 for a loaf of bread ) but with a euro sign next to it instead of litas ( so the prices will basically triple ) . 
  meanwhile , the wages will remain where they are now . 
  congrats , little brother !, 
  there must be a mistake . 
  i mean , estonia ? 
  those calm and nice guys have the second highest homicide rate in all of europe ? 
  it 's really difficult to believe that . 
  no fucking idea , honestly . 
  maybe they 're mixing up suicides with homicides ? 
  in either case , i still do n't know . 
  they probably made a mistake somewhere . 
  i know that this counts as anecdotal evidence , but i personally do n't know anyone who killed themselves or was intentionally killed . 
  we do n't see it on the news that often either . 
   why should i care that there is horses in my meat ? 
  mostly because it 's not very good for you . 
  food-grade animals are raised according to very strict standards to ensure the quality of meat . 
  who knows what kind of crap that horse was eating and what kind of medicine it got in its life ? 
  according to another article on the front page , some 100k horses went missing in sweden in the last couple years . 
  i know what it 's like , buddy . 
  112 is our primary emergency number too . 
   the eu means we 're forced to allow supermarkets to import all this trash no we are n't , shut the fuck up . 
  recent scandal about horsemeat in uk showed very clearly that we are not forced to do anything . 
  no , i 'm defending horses . 
  shut up , finland , you 're drunk again . 
  this is not an issue of eu , it 's an issue of every country 's respective food inspection institutions . 
  if farms in poland can just put horses in their `` beef '' then what is eu supposed to do about that ? 
  nothing , because it 's not their job . 
  all of us ( the baltic buddies ) should be , like , baltic and shit , but estonia is closer to the scandinavians than it is to latvia and lithuania . 
  that 's how it 's viewed from our perspective here . 
  ninjaedit : there also are some weird and mysterious ties between estonia and hungary than no one has been able to explain to me so far ... 
  and yet ( eventually ) we kicked their asses . 
  * a european superpower, 
  lithuania !, 
  side note : someone should change the spelling of that to `` lituania '' , would save me a lot of trouble . 
  uh oh , i 'm in that weird part of youtube again . 
  are n't they all basically the same anyway ? 
  i 've compared mine to a friend 's from uk and they 're identical , apart from a slight difference in the shade of the background colour . 
  but then where 's the joke ? 
  if lithuanian separatists were successive , then lithuania would look exactly the same ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  this year we 've added several thermoses with hot wine to that , to make things more fun . 
  but that one is served hot , right ? 
  we have [ that ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gux5o.jpg ) too . 
  some people also add meat to it . 
  no , i mean , [ all these things ] ( https://www.google.lt/search?q=sausainiai&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;aq=t&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;hl=lt&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=n&amp;tab=wi&amp;authuser=0&amp;ei=krdoukejpkge4asg2ygwbq&amp;biw=1278&amp;bih=715&amp;sei=lbdoumdrlytbsgbrs4codq ) classify as cookies over here . 
  dipping them in coffee would n't end well , as they would just fall apart . 
  who does n't eat pancakes ? 
  it 's just as much of a meal as anything else . 
  i even went to a party at this french girl 's once , the dinner was a massive pile of those thin pancakes ( i believe they 're called cr\u00eape ) with cheese , bacon , sugar , even molten chocolate . 
   mayo with ketchup that 's apparently called burger sauce . 
  all you need is a jar , a bit of metal ( like a simple coca cola can ) , scissors to cut the can , a drill to make a hole ( although a simple , sharp knife might work too ) and some fine fabric to cover the jar to prevent the flies and tree leaves from getting in .
