  now there 's that whole mess going on about building a new nuclear power plant and there are way too many shady russians involved in the project . 
  in short , we do n't like them . 
  the government , not the people . 
  well , we got the independence ( thanks to iceland for being the first one to recognise us ) and at the moment we 're doing much better than russia , so i 'd say that it did work out quite well . 
  eh , [ been there , done that . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_way ), 
  braliukai  i 've been to latvia a couple times ( not for long , just a few days ) and it looked quite similar to lithuania . 
  your zoo is much nicer , though . 
  oh , and you have trams in riga , those things are confusing and scary . 
  they 're doing the same in lithuania , collecting money for a centre for deaf people . 
  these `` volunteers '' are also supposedly deaf . 
  it 's a smart move , they do n't have to try and explain where exactly the money goes and all that . 
  so is hungary . 
  multiple tourist trips to egypt were cancelled because of all the shit that 's going on there . 
  people are pissed . 
  a festival pure future was a total failure again . 
  the event organisers did n't want to pay the performers before the event . 
  the performers then said `` sorry , we wo n't play without being paid first . '', 
  then the organisers ran away . 
  a real pity because it takes place in a [ very nice castle ] ( http://fotokudra.lt/files/i548503.jpg ) in trakai city . 
   ps : hungary is part of central europe , not eastern europe . 
  geographically , yes . 
  politically and socioeconomically , not so much . 
  same with us , really . 
  i mean , lithuania has [ the officially recognised centre of europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_midpoint_of_europe#current_measurements ) , yet we 're still told to be part of eastern europe , while some maps put us together with northern europe , as sweden is just 200 km straight west from us . 
  heyy , lithuania also uses the same format for time writing !, 
  it 's really the most logical one on earth . 
  many of them might identify themselves as lithuanian , they 've got lithuanian citizenship and all that , but they still live in neighbourhoods that are almost exclusively russian . 
  same with polish guys . 
  such as . . ? 
  we can get the virus and transmit it , no one 's immune to that . 
  it 's just that we do n't get sick because of that virus . 
  he obviously would n't have done this , but i 'm still ok with him being arrested . 
  there are quite a few slightly caveman ` ish people around . 
  lots of people still live with the mentality of the soviet union . 
  we really are immune to hiv . 
  ** lithuania ** had a gay pride parade yesterday . 
  lots of people and a few politicians protested against it , arguing that it 's not normal , that gays are disgusting and that we must preserve the traditional family . 
  quite a few of them were arrested for acting like douchebags . 
  some kid got arrested the day before because he said on facebook that he was going to make a bomb , pretend to be gay and then blast them all to pieces from the inside . 
  to be honest , i 'm not exactly sure where this is all from . 
  i know that new businesses are opening and shit 's generally quite good , but you should try asking common people how it 's going . 
  the government 's most definitely the worst on the planet , everything 's horrible , wages are too low , taxes are too high , everyone 's corrupt , thieves everywhere , etc. 
  that 's the shameful truth . 
  i could n't even name half of their capital cities ... 
  i think i 'll just blame the education system , a lot more attention was paid to our own history as well as all of western and south-western europe . 
  lithuania here , the last election was the second round of the parliament elections . 
  not many people turn up for those , as the first round usually decides the winner . 
  the second one is just for minor changes within that government . 
  the ones who are deeply integrated are not an issue . 
  it 's the ones who are not integrated at all are the main problem . 
  i have several neighbours who 've been living here for several decades and still barely speak our language . 
  their wives are lithuanian , their kids went to lithuanian schools , yet they themselves could n't be bothered with such things . 
  it 's easier to simply teach everyone around them to speak russian . 
  what do you mean , they do n't care ? 
  look , they even named us `` other area '' !, 
  that 's already an achievement !, 
  you ca n't reason with bullies . 
  russia still denies that they occupied anyone . 
  we ca n't just brush away thousands upon thousands of people who were killed by them . 
   it did n't stop the raise of neo-nazism , did it ? 
  it does push things in the right direction , though . 
  yey , we 're lukewarm . 
  surprisingly enough , laser companies are really taking off in lithuania . 
  i guess it 's because we have plenty of specialists and such manufacturing does n't require as much natural resources . 
  if we wanted to make heavy machinery , we would have to buy 99 % of the materials . 
  so it has come to this . 
  to keep the idiots out . 
  it 's not a perfect system , but it 's something . 
   they get their votes by visiting all the old ladies in the countryside . 
  exactly . 
  he knows that with some cheap tricks he can gain lots of votes . 
  i was photographing various hq 's of the political parties during the elections ' night and his place was the fanciest , including alcoholic drinks and hot food for all the press people . 
  the occupation itself ? 
  not really . 
  it 's kind of obvious that the russians will try to overtake us politically and financially . 
  there 's this one russian politician that somehow got a shitload of votes in the recent parliament elections , no idea how . 
  just a few years ago he did some shit and ran away to russia to hide . 
  he did n't have a university diploma , which is mandatory for all members of the government . 
  a while later he returned with a welder 's diploma from some shitty russian university . 
  he also did a lot of shady stuff with the finances of his political party , for which he was arrested and spent some time in jail . 
  yet now he 's in the fucking government , people voted for him . 
  i ca n't grasp how can people be this dumb . 
   but if you want to continue sightseeing ... ... you can rent a few segways from that place at the other end of vokie\u010di\u0173 street . 
  no but really , i see lots of german ( and a few other ) tourists on segways all the time , whenever i go past that square . 
  that 's probably the only niche market for those things , carrying around elderly tourists . 
  cars are only allowed to park around the outer streets , so not many places for them . 
  also , parking is really expensive there , which both limits the number of cars and puts some money into the budget . 
  exception is electric cars , those can park almost for free . 
  january and february are the coldest months here , with temperatures being below -10 c most of the time and hitting -30 c for at least a week or two . 
  it 's very unlikely that they would just attack us , since we 're in eu and nato , but we still do n't like them . 
  bastards still deny that they occupied us , they say that we joined them voluntarily . 
  it 's similar to how you `` voluntarily '' give all your money to a thug with a gun . 
  \u0160vyturys baltas is also great . 
  it 's a non-filtered wheat beer , awesome with a slice of lemon on those hot summer days . 
  finally we 're back to our old and trusted place in the list . 
  res is explained below , it improves reddit quite a bit . 
  as for going down , it 's highly unlikely that it will happen to imgur . 
  yet all those shitty websites with a very tiny amount of bandwith can be brought down within an hour or less , if the submission catches on . 
  `` reddit hug of death '' it 's called .
