  hungary is becoming europe 's new problem child . 
  good . 
  if we 'd just accept free movement we could have a great deal for everyone . 
  god save the queen is such a weak one . 
  an anthem should be about the country not about the lizard-person in a fancy hat . 
  land of hope & glory would make a much better anthem , and associate the country with randy savage . 
  i 'm as anti federalist as they come , but i 'd take verhofstadt any day over juncker . 
  depends how brexit goes . 
  if both sides are vindictive spiteful children ( like they 've been so far ) i ca n't even see the uk and eu staying friends . 
  rejoining not only after a mean spirited divorce but also needing to lose all opt outs and adopt the euro seems pretty much impossible . 
  this sub needs to make up it 's mind . 
  are brexiteers closed minded little englanders , or new imperialists ? 
  you ca n't be both because they 're totally different world views . 
  good to know . 
  what would your solution be ? 
  kick out countries that vote for things the eu does n't like , or just tell countries that their democratically elected governments are unacceptable and force them to change it ? 
  i was wrong about what he said about war . 
  he was being a jingoistic idiot . 
  as for the legislature in the u.k it 's dominated by the executive . 
  because all government ministers are a part of the legislature and can whip their mps the government is usually a lot more powerful than the legislature . 
  in the rare cases when a government is defeated in the commons it usually leads to harsh questions about the government 's strength and agility to rule . 
  the lords barely even counts as legislature . 
  and saying members of the legislature are more important than ministers in regards to interviews is straight up stupid . 
  there are all sorts of crazies that can get into a legislature . 
  the government 's comments are the ones that count because that shows actual policy direction . 
  and as far as i saw he was asked how he thought the government should react u gibraltar was directly threatened a la the falklands , and he answered honestly . 
  the same way any country would if asked how it would respond to a threat to its territory . 
  this was all a giant hoopla over a hypothetical answer from an unimportant old lord . 
  it was all blown hugely out of proportion . 
  a lord ( no place in the government ) was asked a hypothetical question and he answered what he expected would happen in that theoretical scenario . 
  nobody suggested war with spain was realistic . 
  but then the media blew it up out for context . 
  lay off . 
  there are way worse uk posters and brexiters on this sub . 
  hell , the comment i made was n't even wrong . 
  the french turned bloody uprisings into an art form . 
  you 're just a precious flower who does n't like when people disagree with you . 
  sorry not everyone says all the things you want them to say all the time . 
  life must be hard . 
  really ? 
  are n't they like the best in the world at violent revolutions ? 
  the eu should n't let any of it happen . 
  it 's comforting to know that when the world lies in ruins , norway will carry on . 
  a new viking age awaits . 
  how about you fuck off ? 
  sincerely , a conservative . 
  strangest part would be the fact that ww3 would happen and have surprisingly nothing to do with russia or china . 
  no ones with you . 
  the eu has two flags already . 
  there 's no reason to fuck with others . 
  you are correct . 
  it 's both backward and upside down . 
  500 million for design and production for the next 10 years . 
  safe to say in this ** * theoretical scenario * ** europe would probably side with spain and the us , canada and turkey would probably side with great britain . 
  i 'm not going to discuss what that would result in , but that 's how the cards would fall imo . 
  you 're not . 
  your crazy president is . 
  the eu is really disgraceful on tax havens . 
  they 're looking to start something over gibraltar even though ireland and luxembourg are far more guilty . 
  it 's not upside down , it 's backward . 
  if you were to look at it from the other side where the bins are it would be correct . 
  upside down would mean st patrick 's cross would be going clockwise rather than anti-clockwise . 
  edit : no it 's not . 
  apologies . 
  all you needed to do was put `` anti-semitism '' and `` germany '' in the title to get all the clicks one could ever want . 
  from what i 've read the contract with whoever makes the passports was up anyway so they would have been paying this much much regardless . 
  except now they 're making them blue . 
  i direct you to r/unitedkingdom - the promised land of britain-hate . 
  this is spain he 's comparing to . 
  the uk is a security council state that 's probably in the top 5 militaries in the world . 
  even with current spending cuts across the board in the u.k. spain really is n't on the same level . 
  in europe only france is . 
  so what he 's saying is n't wrong , it 's just not necessary . 
  i thought you were the drunk ones ? 
  then again , in this continent who is n't a drunk neighbour ? 
  what would you abbreviate it to then ? 
  it 's very pro-eu and anti-brexit/uk , but it 's not an echo chamber . 
  it does n't downvote opposing views to oblivion and discusses differing opinions . 
  spain does n't have that leverage though . 
  that breaks the core values of the eu and the other 26 countries are n't going to let the u.k have that fantastic deal so spain can have gibraltar . 
  this is n't just spain vs the u.k. 
  this is 27 different countries with different interests vs the u.k. 
  the rest of the eu is n't going to sacrifice its own interests and positions for the sake of spain getting a territory against its democratic will . 
  no it wo n't . 
  the uk had no legal leverage in hong kong . 
  it was signed over for 99 years . 
  gibraltar was given up permanently . 
  that , combined with the populations overwhelming wish to stay british means that britain will not give it up . 
  look at the falklands . 
  8000 miles away and economically worthless , yet the uk still fought for it . 
  all spain can do is close the border . 
  and gibraltar survived when franco closed it for 20 years , it 'll be fine again . 
  as fucking ridiculous as spending half a billion to redesign passports is , that comment there at the end pretty much exemplifies why brexit was inevitable . 
   ... a source of humiliation . 
  it merged us into one single european identity , which is n't what we are . 
  that 's it right there . 
  what a lot of people seem to miss when saying the uk will regret brexit is one of the major reasons people voted for it originally . 
  the recover has n't reached the working man . 
  for years now we 've seen the economic good news about gdp growth and lower unemployment , but wages have n't risen and gdp growth has n't gotten rid of austerity . 
  nothing has changed since the recession .
