  he 's a war veteran and doing any job for 90 years would be a bloody slog . 
  why control neither when you could control both ? 
   i 'm completely uneducated on the issue, 
  why do n't germans want prussia back ? 
  i ask out of curiosity as i 'm totally uneducated on the issue , but to my knowledge most of what was prussia - the major state behind the unification of germany - now lies in poland . 
  i never understood why that is . 
  america has made some brilliant war films . 
  but they can be depressingly america-centric and therefore forget about events in the war which would make incredible films and are stories that need to be told . 
  it 's an artistic loss imo . 
  his country was the enemy . 
  and modern germans should agree with that and watch war films siding with the allies . 
  but that 's unlikely to get it through . 
  he 's after offer something to the other members which would almost certainly harm him in other areas . 
  such is basic politics . 
  europeans in germany , portugal , bulgaria , latvia or anywhere wo n't want to see prices go up on things they want to buy as a result of tariffs forces on the whole of europe to appease some french people . 
  let them try . 
  when they got stomped we can reclaim constantinople for christendom . 
  really ? 
  because i do n't see this as rabid nazism , i see it as german patriotism . 
  it 's just that the swastika * happened * to be the german flag at the time . 
  maybe i 'm interpreting it wrong , but i 'd bet that they 'd be flying the german tricolour if hitler was n't in power . 
  that 's what happens when you build an economy for the corporations and billionaires . 
  the gdp went up for years and the uk was the fastest growing western economy . 
  but the people saw none of the fruits . 
  budgets got cut , prices went up , wages stagnated . 
  all while cameron told us the economy was recovering . 
  so when you base a campaign on fighting for a miserable status quo and telling the people not to risk the recovery they have n't experienced , they obviously disregard you . 
  and when they have n't felt any positive change in the economy since the crash and they have nothing to lose , they put ideological beliefs over economic concerns , leading to brexit . 
  i propose theresa may is switched for her majesty queen elizabeth ii since a prerequisite for being in the poll should e that leaders are humans and not low-functioning automatons . 
  the british empire was no in full swing in the late 50s when the european coal and steel community began with the treaty of rome . 
  it was basically dead in the water by that time . 
  and research from the new european is about as trustworthy as an article in the daily express . 
  churchill posited a united europe but he also never expressed will for the uk to be a part of one . 
  1000x this . 
  went hillwalking during the spot of nice weather last month . 
  was absolutely awe-inspiring . 
  even the least remarkable parts of wales almost always have natural beauty in abundance within walking distance or a short drive . 
  but damn do we not get enough sun to really see it shine . 
  between maybot and a eurosceptic socialist the remainder options are limited . 
  as long as globalism means corporations and billionaire interests , i 'll be on the opposite side of it . 
  the world getting smaller does n't seem to be leading to star trek beauty , but more 1984 horror . 
  really ? 
  we already have churchill on our money . 
  not sure what him being on the euro has to do with brexiteers . 
  a thousand times this . 
  as a child i always wondered why london , despite being right up their with new york in terms of size and wealth , was so short by comparison . 
  skyscrapers are beautiful and exist for a reason . 
  say what you want about her , but she was one of the greatest leaders in modern history . 
  great of course meaning neither good nor bad . 
  what 's wrong with preferring commonwealth immigration to european ? 
  indians , aussies , bangladeshis , and caribbean people have been moving from to and making hugely positive contributions to the uk for decades now . 
  overseas territories . 
  if and when there is a unified eu army , it should defend french and dutch overseas territories no differently than it would the continent . 
  but history shows ( e.g. 
  falklands war ) that other major powers are n't willing to fully commit to joining their allies in such conflicts . 
  i mean let 's be honest . 
  no one can blame germany for not being a militaristic country . 
  no it is n't . 
  since the cotswolds and bristol are in the same country . 
  the alternative pm is a man who has been a eurosceptic his entire life and wants to enact a socialist agenda that would n't be allowed by the eu . 
  also there is no evidence that the majority of the uk want to remain . 
  as time goes on remain voters have stayed ( understandably ) upset with a vocal minority actively trying to stop brexit , and leave voters have gone on with their lives wanting brexit delivered and not dilly-dallied with . 
  both sides agree the current government is making a complete mess of it , but that does n't mean anyone 's changed their mind . 
  i can respect siding against the uk on the brexit issue , but pro-europeans really should avoid ww2 comparisons to the situation since it makes their side the nazis . 
  pretty sure the majority of the people are . 
  besides . 
  the definition of europe is blurry . 
  more of russia is in it than turkey, 
  you ca n't always get what you want . 
  yeah but russia is the boogeyman again now so we 're supposed to act like it 's not in europe . 
  i feel like there was meant to be some commentary on white privilege there but honestly i 'm just deeply confused . 
  the inevitability of pm corbyn has dwindled . 
  the fact that the tories have managed to close the poll gap to within one point a month after that disastrous election shows how little faith people have in labour . 
  their success was may 's utter catastrophe of a campaign . 
  * yuuuuge, 
  they probably did n't mention it because this was primary school and we were 7-10 years old . 
  in school we had an annual charity f\u00eate to raise money that was sent to romania . 
  they showed us pictures of what life in romania was like and told us children starved there . 
  made me think romania was some third world hell-hole for many years . 
  bloody idiots shooting themselves in the face . 
  just had to check the live at the bbc album cover and youre right . 
  maybe this photo is just mirrored ? 
  you say that but if ireland reunified they 'd all move to scotland . 
  do you want to deal with that ? 
  i 've got to give my vote to the crazed ex-terrorist loyalists over the `` plastic paddies '' . 
  they 're both probably armed but the loyalists have more experience with explosives and they seem a lot more violent generally . 
  in 1939 france and the u.k ( and germany ) were the `` big boys '' it was through the course of the war that the old powers were diminished and the us and ussr ascended . 
  hell , according to the us government the u.k was defined as a superpower right up until the suez crisis . 
  south east england can be very pretty too , and it saddens me to see people suggest that kind of natural beauty should be paved over . 
  but regardless , worst comes to the worst i 'll just emigrate to ireland where you 've got natural beauty to spare , 
  well if i was only a year old that might make sense . 
  but # 50 notes have always been rare going back decades , when the pound has been volatile and when it 's been stable . 
  brexit has nothing to do with it . 
  the logical move for the tories is to keep her on until after brexit is done then have her resign and get replaced right before the next election . 
  gives them time to try and repair their image and to have more stability throughout the brexit period . 
  after that then them and labour can go at each other like wild dogs . 
  these days she 's rarely attacked on the tabloids . 
  except for the express with their giant diana hard on . 
  the idea of charles ( or anyone else for that matter ) on a banknote is both exciting and totally terrifying . 
  pretty sure a lot of this is commonwealth .
