  if you think europe is the whole world you need to get out of the 1400s . 
  no it should n't when the political affiliations show that everything written has an agenda . 
  plaid cymru have been trying for the last week to force this conversation even though no one in wales is having it . 
  they 're trying to report it enough in the hope that that will make it true . 
  if a labour , conservative or lib dem mentioned it as a possibility it would be worth paying attention to , but the independence party saying independence is a realistic possibility means nothing . 
  the point is that this sentiment is shared constantly in this sub . 
  yes , the british empire was evil . 
  we 're all well aware . 
  you 'd think that we 'd take a night of bashing the uk considering . 
  muh evil british empiya !!!, 
  today really is n't the day for britain-bashing . 
  the consensus in the sub is largely that europeans want the uk to break up . 
  what do you guys think of catalonia , and what outcome would you want to see ? 
  already posted 4 times in fact . 
  he does have leverage . 
  the millions of refugees and migrants that europe really does n't want . 
  see scotland ? 
  ca n't you see the uk is united by our shared overwhelming sense of dread and misery ? 
  any talk of welsh secessionism is bull . 
  no one wants it or even talks about it . 
  this is the third time this has been posted . 
  so we do n't like trump so we 're sucking up to china ? 
  i admire this post . 
  it unifies us by simultaneously offending everyone . 
  problem is the political classes are head over heels for the eu with the exception of hard eighth crazy parties like pvv and front nationale . 
  if there were reasonable conservative or socialist parties who were eurosceptic they take in votes from the crazies and could try to make it a legitimate point . 
  the eu is n't perfect . 
  but while the only people in the continent fighting that position are racist , nationalist loons , it 's not going to change . 
  was it really expected ? 
  no country is as eurosceptic as the uk . 
  except for perhaps hungary and among some poles , but those countries are reliant on the eu economically in a way the u.k is n't . 
  i suppose some of that is correct . 
  but in the context of this sub and considering that was the shape of the alliances in europe for most of the war i would n't describe it as bullshit . 
  and russia left the war in 1917 , not joined . 
  they 'd been in since the start . 
  what about it is bullshit , lies , or crap ? 
  well that 's because most european countries did n't exist yet then . 
  in the east it was all still russian/austrian/ottoman territory . 
  the west almost all had empires . 
  please do n't imply the people of the uk wanted the iraq war . 
  we did n't . 
  we protested and we 're ignored . 
  tony blair is a national disgrace to this day because of it . 
  i consider it fair . 
  after all if it were n't for them we 'd all be either nazis or commies . 
  so far it certainly has n't been . 
  the economic nuking expected has n't materialised and no major bank or financial institution expects it to . 
  slower growth for a few years sure . 
  but certainly not suicide . 
  besides . 
  in terms of political and economic risks taken in 2016 , america has everyone beat handily . 
  gallipoli was pretty much a stalemate . 
  but congratulations nonetheless turkey , you managed to hold off the allies so you could genocide all those armenians in peace !, 
  yes . 
  angering the majority of the population of northern ireland who are ready and able to get violent is the easiest solution . 
  a democratically mandated , overwhelmingly supported occupation . 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk , ireland and eu would all be willing to make exceptions to current rules in order to avoid violence and bloodshed , even if it costs a bit . 
  and it has sent english and welsh support for scottish independence skyrocketing . 
  saying the market will be gone is very extreme . 
  that implies the u.k and europe are going to cease all trade , which simply wo n't happen under any circumstance . 
  she 's done a bloody good job at keeping whatever she thinks under wraps . 
  and rightly so of course . 
  there were rumours that she was pro-brexit , though i 'm not sure how truthful they were . 
  not so much . 
  even in the business world , a lot of people have now taken a stance that it 's inevitable and the government should just get in with it . 
  the ramifications are seen by many ( and reinforced by most major economic groups ) to be slowed growth for the next 5 or so years but a levelling out with previous predictions after that . 
  because if this brexiteers see it as a necessary economic price to `` free '' the u.k. 
  go ahead and talk about it . 
  it wo n't change anything . 
  and if by some miracle wales did start going in that direction i 'd first vote against it , and should that fail bomb it over the border . 
  and insults because you opened this discussion being a condescending prick taking umbrage with a common figure of speech . 
  of course i do n't speak for all 3 million welshmen . 
  however what i said certainly coincides with the opinions of the majority of my countrymen , so it was a perfectly acceptable way of wording that statement . 
  dude too mean . 
  one politician , whose the leader of plaid cymru - a welsh nationalist party . 
  if she was n't talking about independence she 'd be a pretty disastrous nationalist . 
  but even plaid are usually pretty honest that they get votes from representing the north rather than because people want independence . 
  but again , if wales does support independence and i 'm living in a bubble , therefore making what i originally said wrong , please provide evidence . 
  if not , stop being a cunt . 
  i can certainly speak from living here and having never met anyone who supports independence or even entertains the idea . 
  and voting leave is stone cold fact , wales voted leave so using brexit as a way to try and campaign for independence is stupid . 
  but if you can provide a poll that suggests what i said was wrong i 'll gladly concede my point . 
  why ? 
  ca n't speak for ni , but wales voted leave and has no interest in independence . 
  it ai n't happening . 
  this . 
  it 's beneficial for britain and the eu to be allies who work together as best they can , but are n't constantly getting in each other 's way . 
  with the uk in the eu that 's all that happened . 
  so are norway and switzerland . 
  a two party system is n't necessarily undemocratic . 
  the republican and democratic parties are a lot looser than european political parties and are very broad churches . 
  look at the republican primary . 
  trump , rubio , carson , paul , and kasich just to name a handful could n't be any more different , but they all ran for the platform of one party , so huge ranges of opinions still have chances to make their views known . 
  that 's still a crazy low turnout . 
  we do n't need any land and we barely agreed to the channel tunnel . 
  hell , the government still has plans to destroy the channel tunnel if at any point it puts us at risk . 
  if i 'm not mistaken the nazis did n't win the popular vote ? 
  i 'm pretty sure hitler just had a plurality of seats and got absolute power by out-manoeuvring hindenburg and the other higher-ups . 
  it 's the op-eds that drag them down o the gutter quality of the rest of the uk press . 
  same applies to the telegraph but the other way around .
