  i 've never seen her orientation differently on a british note , but in canada , aus , new zealand and other places they can be a bit more creative . 
  god damn . 
  i 've never even seen a # 50 note in the uk . 
  if we destroy our beautiful countryside i suppose . 
  but why would we want to do that ? 
  honestly if it does n't happen now it will happen eventually . 
  if the uk remains after all this two things will happen - it will be an isolated black sheep in europe , rightfully disdained for causing so much chaos and instability for ultimately no reason or purpose , and brexiteers will just continue to campaign with the greatest silver bullet they could ever ask for . 
  it 's already an argument if theirs that when the eu does n't like what people vote for , they have them do it again until they get the right answer , but they 'll also have the great betrayal of voters by the westminster establishment . 
  ukip will return with a vengeance . 
  what 's done is done , both party leaders ( who won over 80 % of the vote last month ) support a `` hard '' brexit as per the eus definition . 
  people who think thins have changed because the tories lost seats seem to forget that corbyn has been a eurosceptic for his entire life and has pledged to end fom - making labour a brexit party . 
  both have pledged to end fom . 
  therefore by the eus definition , a hard brexit . 
  some bipartisanship is desperately needed in this country . 
  it 's unlikely but i hope this works out . 
  i honestly think she could save her image is she created a cross-party commission to deal with brexit negotiations to guarantee the interests of all voters are represented . 
  `` you ca n't make any decisions and have no input whatsoever . 
  but we still expect to use your equipment and risk the lives of your soldiers . '', 
  wales is mind-bogglingy beautiful but the weather is rarely nice enough to notice . 
  hill-walking on a clear day is absolute bliss . 
  but a clear day comes once in a blue moon . 
  even now when the weather is warm the sky is still grey . 
  while the tory cabinet and labour shadow cabinet are fully behind brexit , they wo n't be able to do squat . 
  british politics in the ground may be divided , but in the commons both leaders know it 's brexit or death . 
  because you specified european . 
  but my main point was on indian migration due to its relevance to u.k.-india trade . 
  you seem to be implying that indians moving to the uk is bad and poles living here is good , despite them in most respects being the same except for modern indian culture being similar and easy to assimilate to british culture and the great track record of indians being welcomed in the u.k and making it their home . 
  i never said pakistani . 
  i said indian . 
  and how is indian migration different from european then ? 
  non european migration is no different to european migration . 
  indian migrants offer no more or less than polish migrants . 
  i fail to see what the difference would be should european migration fall and we go back to the commonwealth migration of old . 
  yes because all billion are going to move here . 
  just like they did back when the doors were opened to them decades ago . 
  your argument is like the ukipers who say every single pole is going to move to the uk because the eu allows them to . 
  the russian army can be as powerful as it wants but if it ca n't actually get to britain ( because of the superior british navy and because of an entire continent of british allies in the way ) then it does n't mean a whole lot . 
  britain and france may not have the biggest militaries , but they 're second only to the us in terms of ability to deploy their forces globally . 
  it 's more fun to believe that it 's true , and it does n't harm anyone by holding that belief . 
  america does have the leverage , but at the same time imagine the calibre of negotiators in the trump administration . 
  the british side will likely have to explain how international trade actually works before negotiating can even begin . 
  the uk has a rest history of welcoming indian people and them making britain their home . 
  personally i 'm really open to making the process smoother , especially if it facilitates trade . 
  bastard ruined the toothbrush moustache for everyone . 
  all nation 's history must be assimilated in the european mass i suppose . 
  wel thats not what empirical means . 
  it 's a scientific term that has diddly squat to do with imperialism . 
  that and the condition you 're trying to refer to does n't exist and is just a fantasy of europeans upset by brexit who want to convince themselves that the motivations behind it are entirely evil and therefore britain is evil . 
  how incredibly pedantic . 
  i 'm not your buddy , guy . 
  and i 'll have you know we have * millions * of angry sheep ready to trample whoever slights us . 
  and military research is one of the biggest ways technology advances . 
  the internet we 're using right now originates from military research for example . 
  we 'd be centuries behind technologically if it were n't for war . 
  oh calm down mate i was being facetious . 
  besides i 'm not sure why on account of my flair you act like the uk is n't a thing . 
  so even if it is binding what 's stopping them from repealing it ? 
  are belgium going to threaten us with force ? 
  well is science is your concern then you should vehemently pro-war . 
  scientific advancement surges when we 're looking for new ways taking and saving lives . 
  there 's no reason you ca n't have a japan-like system on a european level . 
  allow europeans to move freely * within * the eu , but do n't allow anyone and everyone to get through the outer border . 
  the common market and schengen can continue to exist just fine with that sort of arrangement . 
  racist wanker in racist organisation says impossibly stupid thing . 
  not the kind of news that leaves one surprised . 
  empirical ? 
  based on verifiable data and scientific experimentation ? 
  strengthening geopolitical interests and being obsessed with imperialism are n't the same thing you dolt . 
  all countries want to strengthen their geopolitical interests because it 's profitable . 
  take china and the south china sea . 
  you 're arguing that countries that had empires should n't be able to have interests worth protecting abroad ? 
  you and many i. 
  this sub simply do n't understand what britons care about . 
  they care about their families , their jobs , their money , their homes and their communities . 
  not some bygone age of imperialism which 99 % of the population never experienced . 
  and funnily you do n't see these same arguments applied to france for example which was equally rabidly imperialist as the uk . 
  however because the uk has a naturally independent disposition and is sceptical of european integration , you conclude , with no academic backing or tangible evidence , that it must be about empire . 
  you do n't understand the uk , you do n't understand british people , and you 're a shining example of the rift between understanding that lead to the brexit vote . 
  if you ca n't understand a people and their worldview because you 're obsessively concentrated in a bygone age , you really ca n't be in a union with those people . 
  we almost had a discussion on our hands until you brought up the empire and acted like it 's something modern brits think or care about . 
  if that 's what europeans think british people think like then brexit was always unavoidable . 
  i 've never met a northern irelander that actually likes the dup yet they seem to win every time . 
  how come you guys ca n't get a party that cares more about the the people and their situation rather than just unionists vs republicans forever ? 
  does n't seem healthy . 
  it does allow the growth and success of the centre . 
  tony blair on a centrist message one the biggest landslide in modern history . 
  the excitement and optimism was palpable at the time and pretty much the whole country was behind him . 
  and we got burned badly . 
  in a lot of ways labour still have n't recovered , and we ended up with 7 years of disastrous tory rule where all the country 's money has been walled off for the few at the top . 
  i know centrism is n't at fault . 
  but when the one real centrist we ever had ends up taking us into illegal wars and setting up the economy for a crash it has n't recovered from a decade later , it leaves a bad taste in people mouths . 
  if we 'd had a centrist option on the 8th , i 'd have voted for them . 
  the lib-dems set aside centrism in favour of out and out european zealotism though and turned many voters including myself off . 
  they also fucked us over when their centrist message got them into power as well . 
  so yeah . 
  we 'd like some macron here , but every time we thought we had one it ended up stabbing us in the back . 
  on the brighter side , northern ireland essentially runs the whole country now . 
  so you could probably set the agenda for the brexit negotiations should you wish . 
  what goes around ... 
  well they seem a lot more spread out than the borders .
