  just look at moray 's new tory mp . 
  snp shot themselves in the foot by making scottish politics about unionism vs independence rather than left vs right . 
  just jokes buddy . 
  settle down . 
  we 're just sick of all the shit and we 're setting sail for the caribbean . 
  you may take our banks , and our economy , and our trade , but you 'll never take our ** freedom !, 
  i went and sat in the asda cafe for two hours earlier . 
  only big shops seem to have ac , and the tea was n't that bad . 
  good . 
  he 's not popular in europe i know because of his brexit position , but he 's a much more down to earth politician , with much more charisma and unlike may respects civil liberties . 
  i voted labour on the 8th , but davis would probably win my vote for the conservatives . 
  who ? 
  the mail and sun are n't the country for christs sake . 
  look at the polls . 
  everyone 's turning on may . 
  and rightly so . 
  it was the tory party taking it out on the advisors . 
  i 'm in mobile and i have no idea how to link another thread . 
  but as i said , i completely understand why things would be that way , but i do n't think the blame should fall on the populace if the uk for a ) the actions of our monarchs and governments we did n't elect in previous centuries , and b ) not paying attention to politics that are so wildly different and extreme compared to anything we know . 
  it 's foreign to most brits and like i said , a subject so sensitive that trying to engage with it is a minefield . 
  the attitude of most of gb to northern ireland is that we love the northern irish as we do any of our other nations nationalities in the u.k , but their issues and system is so different to ours that we usually just let them get on with it . 
  i 'm as unhappy about this dup farce as the net guy . 
  i lost it at `` is you here on holiday ? '', 
  this subs attitude to catalonia compared to scotland always strikes me . 
  taking a harder line on catalonia now that the snp are receding though . 
   it has universal healthcare too making it better than america i feel like there are a few other measures where maybe america edges you out . 
  there 's been none of that actually . 
  everyone agrees it 's may 's fault . 
  everyone wants her out . 
  a thread from r/ireland was shared on r/ukpolitics yesterday . 
  you guys were very mean . 
  but yeah , we really do n't pay attention to ni politics . 
  it 's complicated and the people are so sensitive that involvement is offputting to outsiders . 
  i understand why all that is , but still . 
  we were talking about why euroscepticism is prevalent in the u.k and then all of a sudden you 're going on about the election result . 
  which i agree with you is a load of shit . 
  again that 's not relevant , just a pot shot at the uk . 
  however . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  i voted labour and am disgusted by may 's clinging to power through the dup . 
  northern ireland politics is a shit show that has been quietly out of the way for 20 years and we do n't want it coming back to the mainstream . 
  not because we do n't care for the people of northern ireland , but because the parties they elect ( i know with little choice ) are just nuts . 
  if you 're angry about this election result and the dup , you 're just preaching to the choir . 
   arrogant ignorance ... that is just beautiful . 
  and ireland is n't the uks economic responsibility . 
  the uk made a decision about its own position based on its own issues . 
  it 's not our job to care about the irish economy . 
  just as ireland does n't care about other european economies when its siphoning off hundred of millions of euros in tax revenue from all the massive corporations you provide a haven for . 
  still taking pot shots at a country of nearly 70 million people ? 
  euroscepticism does come from history yes . 
  but that 's because for pretty much a millennium the u.k has tried to keep the continent at an arms length . 
  take splendid isolation or the failure of the continental system . 
  this is nothing new . 
  however , if wanting to maintain your own identity and stay in the driving seat of your own country is exceptionalism , then very well , exeptionalists we are . 
  but it really does n't bother us . 
  just european countries who insist they 're not mad about brexit yet still seem to hate the uk over it . 
  i 'm just going off what i saw in a youtube video a couple of years ago . 
  britain is england + wales , great britain is the name of the island so england + wales + scotland . 
  i might be wrong though and you can disregard everything i 've said . 
  i was just being technical . 
  england and wales together are britain , and plus scotland it 's great britain . 
  the great is n't about grandeur , it just means the entire island . 
  i was disagreeing with what he said about right wing countries correlating with euroscepticism . 
  no idea what you 're on about so calm down . 
  why wo n't you take scotland ? 
  mate we just had the biggest electoral upset since 1945 by voting en masse for a socialist . 
  the uk is n't abjectly right wing , but it is naturally eurosceptic . 
  right wing and eurosceptic do n't go hand in hand . 
  in fact pan-european-ness is a very centrist view , with ideologies becoming more eurosceptic the further left or right you go . 
  soft brexit is less likely . 
  the dup now hold the balance of power , and even remainer scottish tories who are socially several miles to the left of the dup wo n't vote down a conservative budget or queen 's speech . 
  seems like a safe and right move . 
  davidson has basically slain the independence dragon , and may 's total failure as a leader now threatens that when the next election comes around . 
  at the very least , davidson should distance the scottish conservatives in name and policy especially against the dup in order to protect the union . 
  it was a joke about him wanting to rename the language . 
  settle down . 
  that would essentially mean no parliament . 
  so full power to the monarch . 
  it 's worth adding that there is n't a single uk party or mep in the epp . 
  in a way meaning it 's governed on a european level by a party that nobody voted for . 
  that 's a system which would n't fly in the u.k then . 
  people would n't like that one bit . 
  is merkel elected to the role of chancellor though in a separate election ? 
  i do n't know the german system . 
  juncker is selected by meps which is the problem with the people only indirectly choosing him . 
  again , i 'm just explain people 's opinions , not giving my own . 
  before . 
  not while . 
  he may have been elected as an mep once , but as commission president he had n't been elected directly at all . 
  may as pm has been elected by the people of maidenhead and has an equal mandate to every other mp , given directly to her by the people . 
  as party leader she can then organise the mps of her party into a government and become pm . 
  that 's a very stretched mandate . 
  in the u.k it would be unacceptable for someone who is not a member of parliament to be pm , which is essentially what happens in the eu . 
  the tories could n't win the election , then select someone not elected to parliament to form a government . 
  everyone with real power in the uk needs to be elected by a constituency . 
  of course the house of lords makes this hypocritical , and i think it should be reformed too . 
  not sure what into though . 
  neither . 
  labour have more pro-eu voters and mps than the tories , but if they annoy their leave voting supporters they 'll be crucified at the next election . 
  i think you see the point though .
