  because it is n't reported . 
  your average joe gets his political knowledge from watching the news . 
  ni elect parties that do n't factor into parliamentary news because they 're so small , so there rarely heard about . 
  that 's combined with the fact that half of them elect a party that does n't even sit in parliament , making them less relevant still . 
  i personally do n't understand why unionists do n't vote conservative . 
  that would result in coverage and attention from a party that 's actually in government . 
  chef hitler is the funniest thing i 've seen all day . 
  so he campaigned and won as a centrist and they now want him to go full left ? 
  was considering posting this myself the other day . 
  loving the reactions of `` i do n't like the decision , therefore it 's a conspiracy . '', 
  see : 1941 . 
  this looks like a character background from ck2 . 
  i 've heard the same thing quoted from some british pm from the 19th century . 
  and it does n't stand firm in the modern world . 
  countries do n't stand alone anymore , they 're interconnected with complex relationships and constant communication . 
  this means countries do have friends . 
  that was positively heartwarming . 
  vive la france !, 
  trump and farage got exactly what they wanted though le pen getting stuffed does n't stop trump being president and it does n't stop brexit . 
  well that was terrifying . 
  you know nothing of the uks national mindset or approach to the eu . 
  the uk only ever wanted economic cooperation . 
  even when churchill originally proposed a united states of europe he did want the u.k. to be a part of it . 
  on the development of brexit , people have been asking for referendums since the maastricht treaty was signed . 
  ukip grew out of that and exploded after the financial crisis . 
  russia played no part in that . 
  uk grassroots movements boomed in recent years and the threat of losing votes caused david cameron to promise a referendum . 
  troll groups may have played a small part , but it was the older generations who voted for brexit . 
  and they 're not taking part in any meme wars . 
  it was farage and ukip and the eurosceptic tories who caused brexit . 
  not russia . 
  there is no evidence whatsoever to suggest their involvement and i 'd wager you 're only saying that caused it to push the russian boogeyman narrative so popular right now . 
  nice edit by the way about the older generation . 
  vlad and u.k ? 
  are we blaming russia for brexit now ? 
  it 's been on it 's way arguably since we first joined . 
  what 's the end game of the catalan independence movement ? 
  surely spain ca n't block ( what seems to be ) the people 's will forever ? 
  i 'm open to more devolution . 
  especially now as wales diversifies politically and there is a lot more competition for votes . 
  i also agree on your point about the barnett formula however i do n't blame westminster . 
  the reason the barnett formula is how it is , despite labour , the conservatives and the lib-dems all attempting to change it while in government is because it keeps scotland happy . 
  it 's all appeasement . 
  the moment scotland lose a penny of westminster funding the snp will go haywire about independence again , which is something no westminster government wants to risk . 
  lord barnett himself has said it was only meant to be temporary and needs to go , but while the snp have westminster by the balls it just ca n't happen . 
  as for brexit , we did vote for it . 
  something many people in wales seem to ignore but it is the case . 
  we ca n't tell those voters that they were wrong or are stupid , even if what they voted for does n't help them or wales . 
  that 's a problem i have with pc . 
  rather than take a conciliatory tone with the welsh leave voters , they 've taken a `` you were duped by england !! '', 
  approach , which i do n't think is healthy . 
  he wrote a critique of the leader of plaid , not the party itself . 
  there are plenty of lovely people in plaid cymru , though i disagree with them , but leanne wood is a damp rag of a leader . 
  just watch her on qt or in the leaders debate from 2015 . 
  she 's totally out of her depth on a national stage and talking points about life in the rhondda and how westminster is an evil overlord are n't doing enough to make her look competent . 
  i of course was n't saying she 'd actively seek to starve us . 
  i was saying taking wales out of the uk would be so economically damaging that she might as well though . 
  welsh independence is unfeasible and silly for anyone why does n't secretly harbour hate for england . 
  plaid can play pretend snp all they want but you know as well as i do that plaid are talking crap . 
  sure i concede that wales is n't well-off . 
  but what on earth gives you the impression that the answer to those problems is separation from the country that covers our enormous deficit ? 
  wales has had a devolved government for close to 20 years now , and the only really good policy they 've done is 5p bags . 
  you ask why i think wales ca n't progress on its own , but to you i ask what makes you think it can ? 
  what can wales do to advance its economy beyond its current state by going independent ? 
  and please , do n't mention brexit . 
  wales voted for it ( as plaid like to forget . ), 
   guy refuse to admit the eu was great there are plenty of people who understand the eu who do n't think it 's great . 
  even though the rest of what you 've written makes his guy sound like a troll , not calling the eu great is a perfectly reasonable opinion . 
  crazy nationalist would gladly see the people of wales starve if it meant she could force us all to speak welsh and spend our time back on farms and in mines . 
  welsh nationalism is about the most deluded and irresponsible nationalism there is . 
  please do n't tar us all with that brush . 
  it 's a purposeless campaign group , not the uk public or the uk government . 
  leave.eu was the ukip lead leave campaign . 
  they 've spent the last year slinging mud at people and groups they do n't agree with , and the official vote leave campaign refused to associate with them . 
  they 're pretty purposeless now what with the referendum won and ukip dying . 
  socialism does n't work . 
  r/eurojerk edit : that actually exists : /, 
  my impression is that even if there was incriminating material in the leak ( though there does n't seem to be ) they and out way too late to make a difference . 
  devolution was no movement , and you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  is the one in orange eating soup with a fork ? 
  pretty much yeah . 
  except when the refugee crisis comes up , then this sub goes full build a wall . 
  just reading the phrase `` eu army soldiers '' makes me want to throw up . 
  not at all . 
  but people can be very sensitive . 
  this is a pro-eu sub . 
  it accepts eurosceptics , but they 're definitely the minority , so you will be downvoted by some for eurosceptic views . 
  just be respectful and most people can have good discussions regardless , in spit if the few trolls in both sides . 
  * some * of his policies are popular , but it 's a very thin line for a few reasons . 
  when described vaguely , it 's difficult to dislike his policies . 
  so when he says `` more money for nhs , more police , more money for everything ! '', 
  it sounds great . 
  but when you remember that he 's getting that money from massive tax rises and half a trillion pounds of borrowing , it becomes irresponsible . 
  then there are his ideologies that are n't popular . 
  the public overwhelmingly supports the monarchy , while jeremy corbyn is a republican . 
  the public supports trident , while corbyn has always been opposed to nuclear weapons . 
  then he 's also been very touchy feely with terrorist groups , calling hamas and hezbollah his friends and outright supporting the ira . 
  finally , he 's a very weak leader . 
  he lost a no-confidence vote a year ago , and it 's been more than clear to the whole country that his party is deeply divided between the blairites and the `` corbynistas '' ( pc neoliberals and socialists basically ) . 
  as a result , they fail to tackle issues firmly .
