  wales is a breathtakingly beautiful country . 
  but the weather hardly ever gives it a chance to be enjoyed . 
  for every sunny day we get 10 of solid rain . 
  it 's depressing to never get to see the sky because of the omnipresent greyness . 
  the canary is unequivocal fake news . 
  and i 'm not being hyperbolic it sound harder than the mail and independent combined and even outright lies . 
  i do n't blame americans for trump . 
  sometimes in politics both or all options are just flat out shite and you have to go with the one you think happens to be the least shit . 
  all this and we 're probably going to end up with the exact same parliament we had before . 
  should n't have happened though . 
  the tories just ran the worst campaign in modern political history . 
  it puts hillary clinton 's trainwreck to shame . 
  having estonia as a foe would be meaningless . 
  they 're a non-entity . 
  having them as an ally is just as meaningless , but means we have to defend them against a possibly not meaningless foe should russia get nasty . 
  most of which date from the middle of the cold war . 
  they still maintain artillery from ww2 . 
  russia 's numbers simply do n't compare to western money and technology . 
  100x this . 
  give modern day britain and france a year to arm and mobilise and they 'd take russia by themselves . 
  russia has numbers and nothing else . 
  their economy is non-existent and they 're technologically an age behind . 
  throw germany into the mix on the side of britain and france and you make it even more one sided . 
  russia is n't a threat to the west . 
  it 's a threat to the east . 
  the question is in this case whether the west is willing to risk death and destruction to protect the east . 
  point is , nato without estonia is exactly the same unopposable monolith . 
  you could cut off everything east and south of germany and nato would n't be realistically weakened . 
  the only reason ee is in nato is to scare russia away from messing with them as therefore growing stronger . 
  estonia is n't a member because their military might makes nato so much greater , they 're a member because if they were n't they probably would n't exist and russia would therefore be bigger and stronger . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  i agree that the us does n't protect eastern europe for moral reasons . 
  my point is that that 's worrying . 
  there really is no real material reason that america should defend ee other than that they said they would . 
  good fucking luck to them . 
  they would n't reach germany . 
  they may have numbers but they 're technologically and economically pathetic compared to western europe and the us . 
  stark difference here . 
  if russia comes for the western states they 're going to either get their asses kicked or destroy the entire world . 
  this is n't a nazi-like situation where the russians hold all the power . 
  how so ? 
  we 've already given them sanctions out the wazoo . 
  and they 've got most of eastern and central europe by the balls because of their gas reliance . 
  this is all very worrying . 
  but i do see the point of the americans . 
  realistically , why * should * they send their men to die , and potentially see the entire human race annihilated for the sake of small eastern european states that are irrelevant to them ? 
  american business and people are n't going to lose money if estonia gets annexed . 
  that 's why crimea and ukraine have been allowed to fall into russian hands . 
  they 're not like west germany which was actually beneficial to the us . 
  they 're essentially worthless to america . 
  this if course is all meaningless . 
  estonia pays its fair hare and therefore america should absolutely defend it . 
  however the key point , about whether americans should be sent to die for a country they 've probably never heard of , is a fascinating question . 
  currently have b but we 're heading towards a or e. labour 's rise in the polls has come from bearing down third parties more than taking lots of votes from the tories . 
  the tories have only dropped 1 % give or take while labour have gained from lib dem and ukip losses . 
  if the tory vote is spread out right , it 'll still be a landslide . 
  and if they can focus their campaign or if labour have a blunder this week , they 'll be back on track . 
  it 's almost guaranteed . 
  labour surged in the polls after the terrorist attack , but its fizzling out now , and all elections get tighter towards the end . 
  saying those things is n't violating any human rights . 
  enacting them is . 
  and unless this federal europe is a complete shitshow , people with those views are n't going to be powerful enough to do anything with them . 
  ukip is gone because they were a one issue party and they won . 
  the only kippers left are just loons . 
  everyone else got what they want . 
  politicians are elected to represent the views of their electorate . 
  you ca n't and should n't ban opinions no matter how dumb they are . 
  just present your own , stronger argument until the people who are electing idiots come around . 
  with the uk out of it a federal europe would be a beautiful thing . 
  it needs reform though to be more democratic and heavy investment in the east to make sure it 's not as economically western-heavy as it is right now . 
  it 's the coverage . 
  i do n't get voted if voting . 
  i get bored of hearing and reading about the election . 
  i 'm sick of the damn thing . 
  do activists not exist in bulgaria ? 
  they protest what they believe to be wrong . 
  if they consider it cruelty to animals , then the opinions of the faroe people are irrelevant . 
  it 's a moral issue and they believe the world should be talking about and putting pressure on it . 
  and rightly so . 
  whale hunting in the faroe islands is barbaric . 
  this is the independent . 
  it 's really the other way around . 
  the independent hates the uk . 
  this is one of the best things i 've seen all day . 
  is ( or was ) kenny popular in ireland ? 
  seems like a really cool dude to me . 
  this sub has a very different opinion of catalonian independence to scottish independence . 
  you 're comparing malta to the uk ? 
  malta is the size of a large town in the u.k. mobilising 90 % of 430,000 people to vote is a lite easier than mobilising 72 % of 66,000,000 . 
  i like macron . 
  but in a fight i 'd give the ex-kgb putin a strong edge . 
  as cool as that would be in a sci-fi novel , the uk and russia have been at each other 's throats pretty consistently for centuries . 
  ww1 & 2 are the only exceptions and even then it was n't a warm relationship . 
  it 's important to note that even without the royal navy ( arguably the best in europe ) it 's not like the uk and eu would n't cooperate in defence . 
  we 're so close that your defence is our defence and vice versa . 
  military cooperation is something that can continue unabated post brexit . 
  the uk just wo n't be a part of a pan-european military . 
  i 've seen a dozen cool pictures of lightning from last night today , and none of them make up for the fact that the weather has gone from glorious to it 's usually shit self . 
  i guess our two days of summer have passed for this year . 
  says the northern irelander ?
