  the devolved groups have specific areas where they legislate freely and westminster does n't interfere . 
  education for example . 
  they have now power over defence , tax or foreign affairs . 
  if however the welsh assembly for example passes a law , and westminster decides that law is against u.k law it can override it . 
  also if a devolved assembly makes a law and the situation at a uk level changes and the uk government has to legislate in the same area , the devolved law is overturned . 
  westminster does n't nullify devolved law willy-nilly . 
  it pretty much never interferes . 
  if you actually paid attention to polls and developments in the u.k you 'd see that scotland and ni really are n't likely to leave . 
  the scots do n't even want a referendum , nor has any poll suggested they 'll vote to leave the u.k. 
  many people who hate the uk are just wishful thinking . 
  there is a difference between a country and its people . 
  i think donald trump is a crazy embarrassment and the rest of the us political system is a super-partisan disgrace . 
  that does n't have any bearing on my view of the american people . 
  likewise , i think the eu is obtuse , inflexible and often overbearing . 
  however that has no influence in my opinions on european people . 
  they are n't responsible for that . 
  the uk rejected the eu , not europe . 
  if the uk is so unpopular , just consider it a good thing . 
  it 's devolution of power . 
  the ni , welsh and scottish parliament/assemblies can legislate in most domestic areas , but if westminster wants to override it it can . 
  but westminster rarely if ever does because it does n't really care . 
  and we vote for both . 
  exactly . 
  this is r/europe, 
  it 's an answer of fact . 
  the eu is not a country . 
  we 'd really rather not . 
  kind regards , the uk . 
  playing devil 's advocate here , but if it 's worrying to not have access to british intelligence , surely the best thing i do is to strike a deal to hold onto it rather than to take the moral high ground and have a bit of a cry about values . 
  good . 
  obesity is a huge problem and one of the biggest drains on the nhs . 
  i welcome smaller chocolate . 
  what about norway , switzerland , iceland and half the balkans ? 
  the eu is n't a country . 
  nor does it represent all of europe . 
  not even our shitty press was on a mission against european people . 
  there was a rejection of eu institutions and if immigration . 
  i 'm sure some racist cunts legitimately did have a problem with europeans . 
  but to suggest 17 million people hate europeans is ridiculous . 
  there is no hatred of european people living in europe minding their own business . 
  it was anti eu , not anti europeans . 
  very * very * few people hold ill will toward european people . 
  there 's a lot of toxicity regarding the uk since the referendum . 
  a lot of people putting the country down and seeming to take the vote as a personal insult against the people of europe ( which it was n't ) i said anti england because people seem to be supporting scotland leaving the union more out of spite than actually stinging about issues for scottish people . 
  this sub is pretty strongly anti-brexit ( and quite anti-england ) but it 's not nearly as bad as the pro/anti trump subs i see on r/all . 
  i wonder what we 're going to do when we realise our planet ca n't handle all these people . 
  hopefully she found 27 different was of writing `` look . 
  it 's not you , it 's me . '', 
  then quit your bitching . 
  doing nothing ? 
  they 've marched en masse pretty much monthly since june . 
  they 're still actively campaigning . 
  what do you expect ? 
  could n't you do that already ? 
  maybe by the end of the negotiations we 'll find out all of our differences were one big misunderstanding and we 'll remember what we loved about each other in the first place . 
  then the uk can play love songs from a boom box outside the eus bedroom window or the eu can run and catch the uk at the airport before it leaves . 
  it 's a bit crazy but the uk parliament is a lot of fun to watch . 
  a lot of wit and zinging as well as political debate . 
  a bit of serious discussion here , can you still get ready brek in a box ? 
  or just in those sachets ? 
  the sachets are far too small and there ca n't be more than three full bowls in them . 
  defence against states such as russia yes , as well as preparedness for any unforeseen actions with allies and the capabilities to protect british friends and interests around the world . 
  that was just me playing along with what the previous comment said . 
  it 's not about being better than france , it 's about making sure the uk can defend itself and its interests independently . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to convince me of . 
  that i should therefore be distraught at the idea of scotland leaving ? 
  i need to look at the positives . 
  and worst comes to the worst , wales stays the same if scotland leaves . 
  or ( as was discussed prior to the last indyref ) wales can get some of the government jobs being moved out of scotland . 
  what i 'm saying is that economically , if scotland leave the only way is up . 
  scottish independence is n't going to harm wales . 
  the uk does n't share nukes , it leases the american technology rather than developing its own which it used to . 
  and the nhs like i said is a money pit . 
  it could never be properly funded and it will always want more . 
  especially with an ageing population . 
  so right now , keeping ahead of france is more important if you want to put it that way . 
  i prefer to see it as the uk maintaining a military powerful to stand up for itself as it always has . 
  yes . 
  i support the uk remaining one of the worlds foremost military powers . 
  she did n't campaign for remain . 
  she stated her side and then stayed out of the fray . 
  she avoided it like the plague even when cameron asked her to start campaigning . 
  because there are more things in the world than the nhs . 
  things that are n't bottomless money pits . 
  it would be a hell of a lot easier to fight for since the possibility of changing the formula simply is n't available right now . 
  with scotland want we at least can fight for it knowing scotland does n't have the system by the balls . 
  we know that wales ca n't survive on its own . 
  scotland has the possibility ( not my debate ) of being able to survive in its own . 
  yes . 
  we must all assimilate into a culture-less soulless mass / s . . and i thought most europeans hated the ussr . 
  and of course he has n't changed in the slightest in 30 years / s, 
  you could just drive south for a bit and be back . 
  umm . 
  helpful . 
  weather looks great for berlin this week . 
  i feel like its slightly different to wales ' position in the u.k. wales and scotland are both beneficiaries of england . 
  economically wales can only gain from scottish independence ( not only no more barnett , but also british government jobs being moved out of scotland too . 
  we 'll even take trident ) . 
  the uk is a net contributor to the eu , so the eu institution 's budget and funding allocated from the eu to beneficiary states will drop . 
  there really is n't an economic argument from the eu in favour of the uk leaving .
