  much like there is n't one in the uk in favour of leaving but that 's a different more toxic discussion . 
  the gains for the eu are political . 
  no more uk standing in the way of integration , and one less major power within the eu means there 's a power vacuum other states can try to fill . 
  i 'm strangely ambivalent on scottish independence being welsh . 
  on the one hand i feel as much british as welsh , and would be very sad to see this country i love come to an end . 
  on the other hand , scotland leaving would mean no more appeasement to the scots-nats which would mean the barnett formula can be removed and wales could receive much better funding . 
  this is a strange state , but i guess it means no matter the result it 's not a disaster for me . 
  that 's a hell of a match . 
  juncker is so boozed up he does n't feel pain , and farage can dislocate his jaw to swallow juncker whole . 
  admit ? 
  this has been established since 1998 . 
  ni can join roi whenever it votes to do so . 
  it is n't even something gb is against . 
  have n't watched , but it 's really a foregone conclusion . 
  but irl no war would take place between us anyway . 
  and if it did , it would involve nukes on both sides , which would fuck us all . 
  if anything ceta can provide a basis for an fta more suited to canada and britain bilaterally . 
  no wallonias . 
  surprised to see the uk so high . 
  in fairness , a lot of the things we do make we make rather well . 
  but we only make about 4 things . 
  he was saying about catalonia leaving and joining the eu not scotland . 
  they did that the last 3 times this happened . 
  considering nothing has changed , there 's little more to report . 
  it 's not meant to be taken seriously . 
  lighten up a little . 
  it 's clearly a joke . 
  what do you want them to say other than `` thousands march in rejection of brexit '' which is pretty much what they said ? 
  bbc do n't comment . 
  thy just report what 's happening . 
  the problem is that it 's only since the vote that eu leaders such as tusk and juncker have been willing to admit to the faults . 
  it 's only how post referendum that things like a multi speed europe are discussed . 
  if that had been on the table when cameron went for renegotiation , we would n't be in the mess we 're in . 
  they probably did . 
  the short , angry , feisty , * ginger * dude . 
  neither do i. 
  that 's why i 'm not there . 
  this will likely be the lasts big brexit protest though . 
  until 2019 at least . 
  they probably do n't . 
  they 're just showing how upset they are . 
  they probably did . 
  but they 're a minority . 
  government response : `` lol nope . '', 
  some will . 
  especially thatcher who 's like a political marmite . 
  personally i think they were both cunts . 
  plaid have been saying this for years though . 
  it 's literally their entire platform to say this . 
  i once met a plaid am who told me independence was feasible because wales could build and economy based on welsh water . 
  the other ams in the room laughed out loud . 
  the point is that plaid are n't going to look at welsh independence objectively . 
  it 's obvious in the fact that leanne wood is now saying that brexit means wales needs to consider independence even though wales had a stronger leave vote than anywhere else in the country . 
  plaid just are n't credible , and the conversation does n't exist . 
  no matter the benefits of the eu , wales simply needs england to survive . 
  it 's a truth that the vast majority of my countrymen accept , even the northern plaid voters who vote for them to preserve their language and to give them a voice - not because they want independence . 
  if i could go back and start the new `` multi-speed europe '' a year ago before the leave vote it would be that . 
  but now it 's too late . 
  to be honest , going back 40 years would mean we could undo both blair and thatcher . 
  according to this sub the eu is infallible and perfect and therefore does n't need any change other than further and faster integration . 
  and i mean they say it all the time so it just be true . 
  would n't * have . 
  so much of this sub seems to hate the uk . 
  i must ask , why then are you so mad that we 're leaving ? 
  if the uk is nothing but a problem for the eu what 's gotten you so upset ? 
  well everyone here seems to say they identify as european first and foremost . 
  unlike the u.k. 
  so calling non-brits in this sub europeans seems accurate . 
  arch remainers have really fallen this far . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  and i 've lived in newport . 
  europe as a whole yes . 
  but countries like germany , france and u.k are n't going to fall into irrelevancy . 
  their economies are huge . 
  who would n't ? 
  islamists and muslims are not the same thing at all . 
  muslims do n't unanimously call for death to the west . 
  islamists do . 
  that 's kind of their thing . 
  people in china and india know there are plenty of countries in europe . 
  just saying the continent would be about as helpful as them telling me they 're from asia . 
  it 's not geographically wrong but it does n't really tell me much about them . 
  this is n't a sub for europe love . 
  it 's a sub for discussion about things going on on this massive and hugely populated continent . 
  he has every right to be here and to be critical . 
  i do n't . 
  europe is just a continental area to me . 
  it barely even counts as a continent geographically . 
  saying you 're european is like answering the question `` what 's your favourite film ? '', 
  with `` a comedy . '', 
  i mean i suppose it 's not * wrong * , but it does n't really answer the question . 
  the british . 
  what has this got to do with europe ? 
  not at all . 
  the uk is n't going to drop out of the un , the security council , the g7/8/20 , oecd , commonwealth , imf , nato , or any other groups i ca n't think of off the top of my head . 
  just the eu . 
  and leaving the eu does n't mean cutting off all relations with the european continent either . 
  it 's really not a matter of wait and see at all . 
  the world is a lot bigger than the eu . 
  the uk leaving one political block whilst remaining part of dozens of international groups and organisations and continuing to cooperate with almost every country at some level means it 's getting out of the world ?
