  racist far-right nationalists without whom europe would be a fascist totalitarian dictatorship yes . 
  article 50 says nothing of the sort . 
  you have to weigh it up though . 
  if they piss off erdogan too much the deal goes away and europe gets completely flooded with middle eastern refugees and migrants . 
  that would in turn cause right wing populist and eurosceptic parties to flourish . 
  is it worth the risk ? 
   english government let 's not . 
  if he really wanted the eu by the balls surely he 'd threaten the migrant deal ? 
  this is a comment half of this sub needs to see . 
  every country in europe has done awful things . 
  so many arguments here devolve into ranting about how evil someone else 's country used to be . 
  it should care about turning the uk into an enemy . 
  a uk and eu who are openly opposed to or even hostile to one another is an unhealthy and harmful scenario which this kind of talk is leading us towards . 
  if the eu wants to be spiteful it will harm us all unnecessarily . 
  that makes it no better than the uk it 's apparently so much greater than . 
  i get the impression all the fuss about schulz was perhaps a fad ? 
  this confirms that there is no good faith in brussels and that they will act as childishly as the worst of the worst of the brexiteers . 
  all this will succeed in doing is making the british public more anti-eu and risking turning the uk and eu into enemies . 
  that is the worst scenario at the end of this , and both sides seem intent on making it a reality . 
  forgot to factor in the giant saw needed to slice off northern ireland . 
  no brit left behind . 
  it will lose its second largest economy and contributor to the eu budget . 
  that will have an impact . 
  i 'm a european federalist . 
  and a leave voter . 
  i believe strongly in the european ideal and i love the people , cultures and histories of the european states coming to terms with each other and coming together . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  i just do n't think the uk has a place in it . 
  historically speaking , besides fighting with france the british people have never really wanted to have anything to do with continental affairs . 
  only getting involved when british interests were threatened . 
  the uk is in very possible sense , an island . 
  a trading island especially . 
  we were in for an economic bloc because it made us money . 
  but the more political it gets , the more the uk drifted away . 
  and that 's because of insurmountable political and ideological differences between britain and europe . 
  british people usually have two national identities already . 
  i 'm equal parts welsh and british for example . 
  that does n't leave a lot of room for a `` european '' identity . 
  especially when to many brits it feels foreign and far away to them . 
  the uk and eu can be great friends , allies , and partners . 
  but in a future eu , or federal european state , the they 're better off apart . 
  forcing them together would be very unhealthy in the long term . 
  i want nothing to do with this cancerous argument you guys are having . 
  but i will add that it was blair 's labour gov that hit the peak of america brown nosing . 
  enlargement and integration are n't the same . 
  the uk did push for enlargement but it was always opposed to political integration . 
  i understand why they 'd do this . 
  setting up a uk based bill of rights and human rights court would be so politically difficult and complex that it might just not be worth leaving the echr . 
  at the same time , may has brought up leaving the echr so often that i 'm not sure they can get away with dropping the pledge unscathed . 
  he 's not saying that at all . 
  he 's saying the uk should have 0 % tariffs on all imports and exports globally in order to boost trade and benefit consumers . 
  the uk could do that with or without a deal with the eu . 
  he does n't mention eu benefits or obligations at all . 
  dear lord that is one ugly building . 
  they could yes . 
  but it would be as diplomatically sensible as calling for a free tibet . 
  they gain nothing but pissing off a lot of people and potentially putting others in danger . 
  and i give credit to the eu for usually being a very sensible organisation . 
  ca n't come soon enough imo . 
  i want a country that 's at terms with itself and it 's past and that is happy to look out for its own interests and to get along with as many other states as possible . 
  basically canada . 
  they 're no great power . 
  they have no delusions of grandeur like the uk or grand plans to become a super power like the eu . 
  they 're just good old canada . 
  economically strong , militarily capable , with friends all over the world . 
  if the eu becomes a united states of europe , i 'd be happy for the uk to become its equivalent canada . 
  pretty sure he 's talking about the later ira ( s ) . 
  the original ira was a freedom fighting force . 
  the later ira of the 60s-90s was more of a socialist terrorist group , that killed many innocent people . 
  but there 's so many iras of course it 's difficult to say . 
  no need for insults though . 
  give until june the 9th . 
  at that point no amount of division will be able to stop the conservatives . 
  meaning the country will be in a parliamentary sense , completely united , which is all it needs to remain strong while negotiating . 
  fuck off indy . 
  the eu has not `` called for a united ireland '' . 
  they just said they 'll make sure that in the case of a ui their eu membership would not be at risk , much like when germany reunified . 
  christ almighty the independent is becoming one of the worst papers in the uk . 
  and that is really saying something . 
  we 're pretty cool with you lot . 
  not as fond of the scots in recent years . 
  wales has been a one party state under labour since about 1922 . 
  in that time wales has become the poorest and least developed part of the uk . 
  labour have let this happen , knowing that they 'll never be kicked out of power . 
  i do n't know who i 'll be voting for yet . 
  but it wo n't be labour . 
  they need to learn that they can lose wales . 
  this is huge . 
  wales is the definition of labour heartland . 
  and they 've taken us for granted . 
  i look forward to it coming back to bite them in the election . 
  come back after you take a sarcasm 101 class . 
  as well all well know , trade can only take place on a european level . 
  no european country has ever traded outside the eu without the eu . 
  since time immemorial has the glorious eu been the well from which all international trade springs . 
  without it we 'd have never left the dark ages . 
  now stop blabbing in about these myths of countries which are outside the eu and trading . 
  no such nation exists and to speak of such things is dangerous thoughtcrime . 
  i 'll go ahead and humours your blatant britain-hate for a moment and try to satisfy your points . 
  the bbc is renowned across the world for quality programming and reporting .
