  but that 's what it does . 
  it reports . 
  the bbc is unbiased . 
  people get their news from it , but not their opinions . 
  shockingly , people can actually get opinions from their daily lives and experiences , rather than believing whatever a newspaper or channel tells them to think . 
  and again , even if the papers are reporting bullshit , they still have every right to report it . 
  to infringe that right would be illiberal and totalitarian . 
  just because a paper like the mail and express does n't agree with my views and spins real stories so hard they leave the realm of reality does n't mean thy have no right to report it . 
  as the praise says , i may not agree with what you say , but i 'll defend to the death your right to say it . 
  you say our press is xenophobic , racist , populist propaganda , which some of it is certainly very close to . 
  we also have neoliberal propaganda like the independent , and communist propaganda like the morning star . 
  the papers have the right to print their views . 
  as for theresa may 's surveillance laws i also do n't agree with them . 
  however i will add that maybe france is n't the country to lecture others on how to deal with terror attacks . 
  not a whole lot we can do about it . 
  like most things people jut buy what they 've always bought . 
  however the papers are n't as big as they were and print media has been declining with the rise of the internet . 
  in time it 'll all be a thing if the past . 
  i do n't pay them to . 
  i subscribe to no paper and get my news from the bbc and reddit . 
  i ca n't control what other people spend their money on though . 
  it 's a free market . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  firstly , leaving the british empire was n't against any constitution . 
  the uk has never had one . 
  the supreme court in the us has however decided that states do n't have a right to secede . 
  as a result the only way they could do it would be through majority popular support and a vote . 
  but no state has remotely enough support to do it . 
  on the topic of rebellion , as armed and trigger happy as americans are , no force in history is as armed and trigger happy as the us military . 
  so unless every state attempted to secede at once , and every soldier broke ranks and sided with their state rather than the union , there 's absolutely no chance of a state breaking away by force . 
  hold up a second . 
  these people who are fleeing war and isis , are now fleeing portugal because it 's not good enough for them ? 
  what ungrateful sods . 
  we know our media sucks . 
  70 % of brits however get their news from the bbc , one of , if not the , finest broadcasting and news organisations in the world . 
  also , we do n't do anything about our shitty press because we 're not totalitarians infringing freedom of the press and freedom of expression . 
  even if years spouting shit , they have a right to spout shit . 
  you love the eu a whole lot for someone who does n't live in it . 
  also europe without the eu is nothing like the us . 
  the end goal of the eu is to become something like the us . 
  also the us is the richest and most powerful place in the world . 
  also the eu has done fuck all to fix its problems , including the tax havens within it harming other member states . 
  finally , you provide no reason why a solution to the problems of neoliberalism needs to be europe wide . 
  none at all . 
  you just say it does . 
  that 's a poor argument right there . 
  this one is actually funny in that it 's just so bat shit wild and stereotypical it ca n't be taken too seriously . 
  lets hope macron actually succeeds at fixing the issues in france . 
  if he does n't le pen will come back stronger . 
  i worry that a centrist like macron will mean more of the same for people who are already hurting . 
  i feel like it 's best to just not go there . 
  as we all know , harsh words and insults from a slovakian are going to keep the russian hordes back . 
  no it is n't . 
  wales is a country . 
  it used to be a principality . 
  we just did it about 800 years before it became hip and cool . 
  i guess we just do n't hold grudges . 
  hey wales did n't oppress you . 
  we spent the 19th century underground . 
  curious as to what 's put a rocket under the uks population . 
  immigration into this country is some of the strictest in the world and only getting stricter , and i have n't read anywhere about particularly high fertility . 
  might be needing some lebensraum . 
  does france have a shy right wing factor ? 
  here in the u.k we have `` shy tories '' who do n't choose the conservatives in polls because they 're ashamed of being branded evil tories but actually vote for them come elections because they agree with their policy . 
  any such effect in france or are people pretty upfront and honest about supporting le pen ? 
  xenophobic of the isle of man ? 
  they may not be a part of this country but they 're certainly not foreign . 
  in theory a party could openly campaign on reversing the brexit decision knowing that the eu has confirmed it would be okay with that . 
  only the lib dems would probably do that though and it 's not like they 'll win . 
  it 's out of control but also incredibly controlled and strict . 
  there are a lot of rules in regards to gestures and language . 
  the speaker generally is in control of the house . 
  however it just makes the whole thing more hilarious as they have to insult and attack their cohorts whilst being as polite as possible . 
  dude fuck off . 
  i support the union completely but gb literally starved most of ireland to death . 
  at that point infrastructure can go burn . 
  you said you 've been back 5 years and have never seen an english person . 
  that 's statistically impossible . 
  i really do n't know . 
  ideologically i 'm attached to the union . 
  i 'm british and welsh . 
  however in recent years scotland have really started to grind my gears . 
  they 're on every question time even when it 's hosted in england or wales , the snp viewpoint is analysed at every juncture just like the tories and labour , and they have inordinate influence over domestic policy because they keep threatening referendums . 
  the snp are constantly complaining about scotland having no voice and no power despite having a voice far louder than their population warrants and power to destabilise the whole country at a whim . 
  wales meanwhile literally has no voice and no power ( no one knows who carwyn jones is , the man is useless ) because unlike scotland we 're not grossly overrepresented in all aspects of politics . 
  so i do certainly use some resentment towards scotland because if that overrepresentation and complete lack of awareness of that when they complain that there oppressed . 
  wales is n't oppressed by england or anyone . 
  just neglected by politicians across the country and taken for granted by our own representatives . 
  i do n't want scotland to leave , but i do wish they 'd recognise how good they 've got it in the u.k. with so much more power , so much more representation , and so much more money than any other 6 million people get . 
  if you read my source you 'd see that england actually gets significantly less per head than anywhere else . 
  governments have tried to create a funding based on need approach , but the scots threaten to leave and halt it . 
  in respect to northern ireland i can see why investors and businesses would want to stay away . 
  for decades it was literally a dangerous place to be , and it 's only been 20 years since they gfa brought an end to all that . 
  but still ni is n't exactly a stable place . 
  for wales though it 's just neglect . 
  we 're not important enough for the english to care and our nationalists are loonies so we ca n't really threaten to leave either . 
  i love the union on an ideological level . 
  i feel as much british as welsh if not more so . 
  but the entire country is geared to a generate money in the south/invest in the south and scotland mindset where wales is just forgotten . 
  it 's pretty shit .
