  it 's pretty simple do n't you think ? 
  make immigration harder when ye voters want it harder , then when immigrants are needed make immigration easier . 
  so if it turn out the economy desperately needed low income workers like the ones we get from poland , we 'll just welcome in people from india as we did in the past . 
  the government can tighten and loosen controls at its leisure . 
  something that ca n't be done in the eu . 
  well most of wales is n't nationalist . 
  we do n't want independence at all and most people think the nationalist party is nuts . 
  we also have no oppression complex where we blame the english for everything that ever happens . 
  we just want some investment in wales , and scotlands position on the barnett formula stops us doing it ourselves . 
  meanwhile , labour and the tories have been ignoring us for years because the population is so small we 're not worth paying much attention to . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  to fill everyone in , wales is woefully underfunded due to the barnett formula - the process by which money is allocated from westminster to the devolved assemblies . 
  the formula is skewed hugely to benefit scotland in order to appease them and keep them from leaving . 
  as a result , wales gets screwed . 
  in 2012-13 scotland received # 10152 per head . 
  wales , despite being very significantly poorer , received # 9709 . 
  that may not look like much , but combined with wales having half the population of scotland it means wales simply can not afford to invest in itself and stays piss poor forever . 
  welsh politicians have said wales loses out on about # 300m a year because of the barnett formula . 
  lord barnett himself has called for the formula to be replaced , and in the last parliament the tories , labour and lib-dems all looked into doing so before having to renege on that . 
  so wales is left to rot so the scots do n't get all whipped up in their braveheart fantasy . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-29477233 ), 
  issue is if melenchon comes second ahead of macron that 'll be 2 anti-eu candidates for the presidency . 
  and based on how he 's gone in the polls it 's very plausible now . 
  this is bullshit . 
  i 've gotten the impression that bush is looked back in fondly by some by virtue of simply not being trump . 
  and that makes sense . 
  also what i 've seen if bush since he left politics has all been rather nice . 
  charity work and supporting good causes . 
  blair in the other hand went and set up tax avoiding companies and made himself s millionaire through shady business and after dinner speeches . 
  then he got made a bloody middle eastern peace envoy in perhaps the most depressingly ironic thing ever . 
  the whole time he 's remained smug and consistently refused to take much of any responsibility for his actions as pm regarding iraq . 
  tl ; dr : bush seems alright these days , blair spent the last 10 years just getting progressively even worse and unlikable . 
  your impression is correct . 
  bad news for the lib dems . 
  starting to think wales should go independent and become a tax haven like ireland : /, 
  we would n't want them back . 
  rejoining would mean losing all opt-outs , adopting the euro , schengen and no rebate . 
  even the most ardent remainers would n't accept that . 
  an election in the middle of a parliamentary term . 
  how so ? 
  the snp would n't want a ref in a month and a half . 
  they 'd lose . 
  ireland is always full of surprises . 
  excellent progression on drugs and equal marriage one minute , craziness like abortion policy and no buying alcohol on good friday the next . 
  eea like norway and i think switzerland . 
  under a lib dem one absolutely . 
  that 's basically their only policy these days . 
  they want to absorb the remain voters who have been alienated by labour . 
  a soft brexit by most definitions means staying in the single market through eea . 
  so basically nothing would change but all say on eu matters would be lost . 
  it 'll define brexit . 
  tories win ( which they will ) = hard brexit . 
  labour win ( they wo n't ) = no one knows . 
  lib dem win/force coalition = soft brexit or possibly no brexit . 
  complete opposite actually . 
  so far nothing bad has happened . 
  so compared to what the remain campaign said , thugs are going great . 
  as a result may is absolutely nuking labour in the polls , so to make brexit as comfortable a ride for her as she can , she 's calling an election because she knows she 'll win and increase the majority hugely . 
  it 's a matter of continuity . 
  paste all eu law into british books before we leave so that nothing changes immediately once we 're out . 
  then individual legislation can be changed or replaced as needed . 
  otherwise we 'd leave and 40 years if law would just disappear . 
  * withdrawsaw *, 
  i always thought you were really relevant . 
  like just after germany/france/italy . 
  on par with spain . 
  german because fuck it . 
  i was looking at that from a point of the eu just getting money out of the uk . 
  i was n't talking about general political and economic action , just what the eu could do to get $ 60b out of the uk . 
  which if the uk does n't want to pay , is nothing . 
  then the other guys said the eu should drop all ties with the uk anyway right now , for no specific reason , which i responded to about why the eu does n't do that . 
  after some arguing we got here . 
  stop for a second . 
  you seriously think if the eu cut all ties with the uk then the uk would n't respond in kind ? 
  no i 'm saying if the eu tried to break all ties with the uk , the uk would respond in an equally childish and unfair manner i harm the eu . 
  if the eu did what you described then there would be no reason for the uk not to do the things i listed , as the eu would have already played all its cards . 
  fact is neither side is dumb enough to do what you 're proposing . 
  you said the eu could cut all ties with the u.k and be fine . 
  i 'm explaining why that is n't the case . 
  getting tossed it if the country where you 've built your life is pretty seismic would n't you say ? 
  and if the eu tries to starve out the uk in the manner you propose there 's no reason to to send europeans back . 
  childishness begets childishness . 
  you 've got to think in human terms . 
  millions of eu nationals in the u.k whose live would be ruined by the eu building metaphorical walls . 
  the irish reign led being kicked off by an eu enforced hard border . 
  and end to information sharing which could lead to the deaths of europeans through increased undetected terror attacks . 
  and end to defence co-operation between the uk and europe , which leaves the eu in a worse position than the uk , who then has no reason not to cozy up to countries like russia and turkey as a result of the eu being so childish . 
  essentially the u.k will find ways to hurt the eu should the eu act in such a childish way . 
  but thank god people like you are n't in charge of the eus negotiating team . 
  because that does n't work in the eus interest either . 
  not only would it kill trade between the u.k and eu , but it would elicit an equally toxic response from the uk . 
  and that kind of childishness leads to dangerous situations when countries are involved . 
  also ireland would be fucked bloody . 
  and that unfair on them . 
  there 's not a whole lot they could really do about it . 
  unless french ships are going to start sailing across the channel . 
  so far i think it 's been in the uks interest to stay on trumps good side , but this would be tantamount to bending over and taking it dry . 
  the uk is n't leftist . 
  last time labour won they were basically centrists . 
  the uk is inherently socially conservative , and since thatcher not at all socialist .
