  there 's nothing europe can sell to china . 
  they have a protected economy and wo n't allow western products i compete 9/10 times . 
  he 's allowed to campaign . 
  that 's democracy . 
  just like how gina miller is investing thousands in stopping pro-leave mps getting re-elected . 
  i miss gordon . 
  he was a bit of a joke in number 10 . 
  but compared to labour now . . 
  i 'm happy to say i 'd do the same for canada :d, 
  pretty much . 
  though if corbyn becomes pm many of us would welcome you . 
  this is huge . 
  he 's basically admitting he ca n't be trusted internationally and telling our allies that we would n't help them , meaning they ( rightly ) should n't have to help us . 
  it 's about going into negotiations aiming for the best . 
  yes saying that is unreasonable , but it 's the kind of mindset needed for a successful negotiation . 
  just like how the eu seems to believe it 'll actually get # 60b - # 100b from the uk . 
  it 's never going to happen , but they need to demand it anyway . 
  juncker has straight up said brexit * needs * to be painful . 
  that is a direct threat . 
  saying it will be is stating the obvious . 
  but stating it needs to be is fully admitting that he intends it to be a painful divorce . 
  may has threatened nothing . 
  she said the uk will leave the single market and customs union and will seek an fta with the eu . 
  after that , the eu took the reigns and started acting like the uk was out to get it . 
  the uk was consistently in favour of a strong eu just without the uk until the juncker leak . 
  now the eu has made itself an antagonist and is doing nothing but harming its image in the u.k even with remain voters and allowing may to use it as a common enemy to win votes . 
  the eu had been no saint in this process , and has been as childish as the uk . 
  except donald tusk . 
  i have a great respect for that man and he is honest to god the most down to earth and agreeable eu politician i 've heard of . 
  barnier is pretty reasonable too . 
  but while juncker is the chief mouthpiece for the eu side , he 's just going to turn the uk into a disdainful neighbour , rather than the partner t should have been post brexit . 
  as well as britain 's legacy of refusing to adopt a french idea even if it makes sense . 
  we still refuse to fully take up the metric system . 
  fight the good fight ireland . 
  common law best law . 
  you 're completely ignoring the second half of the first comment you replied to . 
  i explained that later in the comment . 
  my evidence is the fact that leave won . 
  not at all . 
  juncker straight up manipulated a meeting to make our pm out to be an imbecile . 
  the leaks only purpose was to insult the uk . 
  the brexit vote was n't about saying anything to or about europe , it was about the uk deciding if it was comfortable in its position in europe . 
  it was also exclusively about eu institutions , not european people or nations . 
  juncker sought to embarrass the u.k and insult its people . 
  that 's completely different . 
  it seems as far away to most people as america or asia . 
  part of the island mentality . 
  i for one do n't feel a connection to the lives frenchmen or germans or swedes in the same way i do a scot or englishman . 
  and many people feel the same way . 
  the arguments for remain were exclusively about economics and never about european identity or ideals . 
  britons just do n't feel european . 
  it 's a continent to most of us , not an identity . 
  i 'm sure for some it is , but based on the referendum i feel i speak for the majority . 
  well the uk needs to do what it can to survive and thrive . 
  the eu started talk of punishment and juncker has made t clear that his goal is for the uk to suffer . 
  neither side has attempted to make this amicable . 
  that 's more you choosing to be insulted . 
  it was pretty obvious that the uk felt out of place in europe . 
  there 's never been a european identity or impetus to integrate here . 
  how is holding a democratic vote a threat ? 
  when was the last time this country budgeted something that did n't absolutely balloon ? 
  juncker killed all the good will with that leak . 
  the british public are living from just wanting to not be in the eu to actual animosity towards it . 
  and it 's depressing . 
  yeah i know about the connotations . 
  i just think the pre wwi flag is really cool in terms of colours . 
  we wo n't have a new government until 2022 . 
  and since corbyn does n't want to leave it 's unlikely the tories will lose . 
  i do n't understand german very well so i ant really comment on what 's offensive here . 
  how ever i will insist that from aesthetic perspective the imperial german flag is very cool . 
  more , if you 're endangering yourself and hundreds of others on over filled boats trying to cross into a continent you have no right to be in , you must go back . 
  would be the same for any race . 
  most mps backed it . 
  but they were going off of misleading ( and later discovered , false ) information provided by blair 's government . 
  so will theresa may as she strides to victory in the next 4 elections . 
  hear , hear !, 
  the queen is pretty much the heart and soul of our national identity . 
  she also makes the country way more than she costs thanks to the crown estates ( look up the deal george iii made with parliament and how much money it makes today ) . 
  i like the monarchy . 
  i even kind of like charles . 
  honestly the only thing i do n't like about them is the extended family . 
  but yeah . 
  as is the majority of the uk . 
  most people who keep up to date and informed can name at least the dup and sinn fein . 
  i can also think of the sdlp , uup and alliance of the top of my head but i 'm not sure what they stand for ( other than uup ) . 
  and again , figure if speech . 
  i was n't saying sf literally hold half the seats , but they 're one of the two `` main '' parties as perceived in gb because of the unionist/nationalist divide . 
  and to reiterate my previous point , ni politicians do n't involve themselves in the national debates and conversations . 
  i do n't know if that 's the media or nis doing but you just do n't get the ni voice on newsnight or question time in the same way you do the other nations . 
  it 's just not as prevalent, 
  point is , when they 're watching dimbleby on election night , ni does n't factor into what they 're seeing at all . 
  their politics rarely makes the news in the u.k , it 's rarely discussed in pubs and online unless it 's something pertaining to the troubles . 
  fact is ni politics just is n't very present because it 's so different and unimpactful compared to gb politics . 
  i wish it was more prominent . 
  which is why i wish unionists would vote for mainland parties instead of the dup . 
  that will bring ni closer to the rest of the uk politically and engage it in national conversations . 
  was using it more as a figure of speech than a hard number . 
  point is ni elects as many parties in its small area as the rest of the uk does combined . 
  and people in gb do n't see a reason to educate themselves on what seems complicated and irrelevant to them . 
  and the situation in ni is so complex with so many strong emotions and sensitivities that i do n't honestly blame them .
