  i mean you do n't have the battered mars bars to my knowledge but you 're not exactly short on deadly weapons . 
  this image makes me feel pretty off . 
  or at the very least totally ambivalent . 
  i suppose european nationalism is a new thing that 's just strange to me . 
  i ca n't help but see similarities between europe ( sans uk ) today and germany in the 19th century as people moved away from identifying with their state to identifying instead with a greater nation . 
  in fact the eu in its current and previous forms seems quite zollverein to me too . 
  i suppose history is repeating itself and i 'm just one of those who is n't convinced . 
  not sure why , but i have absolutely zero sense of a european identity . 
  france feels totally foreign to me , let alone places as far flung as estonia or romania . 
  i must admit . 
  i just do n't `` get '' european-ness really getting downvotes for this ? 
  i jut shared my thoughts on what this image represents . 
  i did n't mean to offend anyone . 
  the uk is going to negotiate with the option of a hard brexit on the table . 
  any negotiator who says they ca n't just leave is terrible at their job . 
  furthermore , outside of donald tusk , the eu has shown no good faith either , what with juncker leaking private dinner conversations and taking shots at the english language . 
  the uk does n't want a hard brexit necessarily , but if the eu continues it 's ridiculous demands that 's what will happen . 
  her campaign has been quite honestly the worst i 've ever seen in any election in my lifetime . 
  she 's been complete shit . 
  when she first became pm i was quite a fan of her and what she was saying , but she 's proceeded to do the shit stuff she said she would and none of the appealing stuff . 
  labour in the other hand have very optimistic policies but i ca n't stand the idea of abbott and thornberry being in two of the great offices of state is mortifying . 
  this whole election is shite . 
  yup . 
  if they voted for it they should get it . 
  and to my knowledge no one is stopping them from voting . 
  they just do n't want it as much as catalonia does . 
  get the support of your local area and petition for it . 
  or if you own the land on which you live feel free to unilaterally declare independence . 
  their right to self determination i 'd imagine brought him to that conclusion . 
  gaps will be filled . 
  other than for kipper loons , most leave voters cared more about having control over migration than limiting it full stop . 
  out of the eu the u.k can take in migrants as and when they 're needed , rather than having to accept anyone with an eu passport . 
  brexit does n't mean an end if immigration to the uk and anyone who voted leave for that reason is a fool . 
  orrrrrr . 
  we * could * build a wall ... 
  just like old times !, 
  the lead has halved because corbyn has run a surprisingly effective campaign , while the tories have said a whole lot of nothing then released a manifesto that said a lot more nothing but also said some actual stuff that was shit . 
  as for hard brexit , it 's inevitable . 
  europe wants it , britain wants it . 
  we 're not going to be friends anymore . 
  probably taken from one of the anti-brexit protests . 
  would n't expect those people to know or even care about rules regarding flags . 
  it 's also upside down . 
  since this is pretty big news , and i really do n't know enough to present an actual comment on it , i 'm going to ask a stupid question . 
  how do you pronounce taoiseach ? 
  because nobody wants a hard border . 
  and indications have been that both sides are willing to actually work together on this one issue in order to stop nail bombs going off in pubs again . 
  i 've never actually met a spaniard in the uk now that i think about it . 
  met lots of germans , french , and tons of poles and bulgarians , but never once a spaniard . 
  it 's always been more brits moving to spain than the other way around . 
  but they 're not annoying to the english . 
  they 're annoying to the scottish when confused shopkeepers do n't accept them . 
  but that 's really not where the vote came from . 
  it came from fears of loss of identity as a result of immigration ( a stupid argument inflated by the press ) , and a feeling of betrayal as the economy recovered but work by people did n't feel any benefits . 
  in a situation where people are generally very mad , a supranational organisation that seems to take billions of pounds away and give the immigrants they feared easy access to the uk made t a prime target . 
  it had absolutely nothing to do with imperialism . 
  only people in their late 70s remember the empire , and everyone knows the days of conquering other countries are gone . 
  the only place where this idea of imperialism still exists is this sub . 
  it ignores the actual reasons brexit happened , which is a mistake and only amplifies the feeling in the uk of europe being distant and by understanding the u.k. 
  furthermore , as it 's completely wrong , it spurs in trolls like the guy above , kinggeorgecommands and jacobreesmogg to just get more intense in their trolling . 
  the brexit = imperialism is to the uk what eu = fourth reich is to germany . 
  it 's wrong , insulting and presents an image of a country that can create unhealthy impressions in the misinformed . 
  that 's the point though . 
  britain out f the eu has no leverage in it , but in a hard brexit also has no responsibilities to it either . 
  brexit is n't about having influence in the eu , it 's about separation from it . 
  germany and france do n't win , britain just takes its ball and goes home to let everyone else play without it . 
  i 'm not sure why you even brought up the empire . 
  any criticism of eu structure from brits is answered with empire comments . 
  ca n't we all have a discussion based on the world we live in ? 
  no more calling germans nazis , no more calling frenchmen cowards and no more bloody empire ad nauseam . 
  let 's try and keep things in 2017 . 
  edit - can we please think rationally rather than just downvote anything that does n't fit the brexit = imperialism narrative ? 
  that 's the kind of anger based stubbornness that ukipers are known for . 
  look at it this way . 
  our other options are corbyn , who wo n't bother negotiating because he 'll be seizing the means of production . 
  and we 've got farron who will more likely nosh off jcj than negotiate with him . 
  well i 'm welsh and in wales and i know people who are northern irish and in northern ireland but i 've never once looked at a tenner and thought it was n't welsh enough . 
  i always though of them as just pounds with no real regard for english/scottish/welsh / northern irishness . 
  i 'm not sure what the impetus was to make special scottish notes since they seem to just be annoying in england and do nothing special in scotland . 
  personally i do n't get it . 
  seems like a bit of a pointless difference to me . 
  especially since every time scottish bites are brought up the common theme is them not being accepted in english shops . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with the notes the rest of us use . 
  i wonder what many in this sub will do when the uk leaves and they find the eu is n't all of a sudden speeding towards federalisation . 
  i 've been told by several federalist that the uk is what holds integration back . 
  the only correct answer of course , is wales . 
  we have a dragon dammit . 
  the union flag could n't handle how badass ours is . 
  exactly like that . 
  they 're just different notes for the same currency . 
  pretty sure they use the same coins though . 
  only had to kill the labour party to do it . 
  no it is n't . 
  they use the same pound with different banknotes . 
  make york jorvik again !, 
  you say that as if i was definitive . 
  i just said i doubt it . 
  doubt it . 
  [ as requested . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/politics/2017/apr/26/gina-miller-raises-300000-for-candidates-to-oppose-hard-brexit ),
