  people took a huge risk like brexit because if things have been shit for a decade even when they 've supposedly been getting better , the remain campaign telling them the recovery would be destroyed by brexit meant nothing . 
  brexit will probably hurt uk growth for a few years . 
  in a decade things will have probably gotten back to normal . 
  but many voters just are n't bothered by economic statistics when they do n't feel their effects . 
  so while brexit may hurt them , the fact that they 're already hurting makes them unlikely to regret voting for it . 
  in regards to the article or in general ? 
  in general yes british britain hate is usually self deprecating , humorous and legitimate criticism . 
  the article in the other hand was a rambling and self contradicting tirade about the evils of britain and how it 's apparently still pushing a colonial agenda in gibraltar despite the populations democratic will . 
  that changes nothing . 
  the british have a monopoly on britain-hate . 
  this is nothing but a britain hating rant . 
  having legitimate criticisms of gibraltars tax system is fair ( as it is for countries like ireland and luxembourg ) but this article is just a hate filled rant . 
  it argues brexit voters are little englanders whilst also saying they have empire nostalgia ( a massive contradiction ) and tries to argue that the democratic will of the population of gibraltar and also the falklands means nothing . 
  this article is in short , complete crap . 
  are you suggesting that brexit undoes britain 's contributions to european peace and liberty ? 
  the uk . 
  where everyone is a little englander , but also has empire nostalgia . 
  because contradicting yourself makes yurop stronk . 
  for a start , picking a fight with blue corner was never going to end well . 
  secondly , do n't be dicks . 
  let them have their flag . 
  a lot of places in europe need to stop being tax havens . 
  the eu should act on it because national governments are too afraid to . 
  really puts the romans in perspective . 
  they went across europe , africa and the middle east conquering and civilising and conquering and civilising , got to scotland and said `` fuck it build a wall . '', 
  why does a canadian care ? 
  it 's not exactly close to home for you . 
  do it man . 
  they will deep throat that shit . 
  i 'd rather super carriers than throwing money into the bottomless pit that is the nhs . 
  most of us still say czechoslovakia . 
  we 're not good at changing words even when there 's an actual reason to . 
  damn they seem serious about ditching european defence . 
  i 'd say the uk begins the process of leaving the eu . 
  but that 's just a wild guess i could be way off . 
  de gaulle did n't want a unified europe , he wanted to use europe to strengthen france . 
  i would n't say it 's bad , but r/unitedkingdom is n't exactly a hotbed of good debate . 
  it 's pretty much just an anti-brexit sub now . 
  and i come here to discuss brexit because this sub has a much wider range of opinions and is actually way less of an echo chamber . 
  that 's true i suppose . 
  and it in many ways still is . 
  i 'm not sure why i 'm arguing , i actually love the french language . 
  also , thanks to the pitcairn islands , the sun still has n't set , 
  closer than scotland . 
  who do n't even want a referendum . 
  can someone eli5 for me what the economic arguments against catalan independence are ? 
  can we distinguish between the british media and the british press ? 
  the media here is great and has produced some of the best film and television ever , as well as the bbc . 
  the british press on the other hand is a complete cancer and i 'm glad it 's dying . 
  i had n't even heard of it . 
  but that 's very cool . 
  should do great for the economy in the area and add yet another attraction for tourists from around the world . 
  well that depends on your definition of lingua franca . 
  if america did n't exist , there 's nothing to suggest they 'd speak french either . 
  it really would . 
  the british empire was a lot larger and more populated than the french , and english remains an official or at least common language in most of those countries today . 
  they speak english in america because the usa began as british colonies . 
  same for canada and australia and others . 
  the uk spread english around the world , america just maintained it after it became the super power . 
  it 's the lingua franca of the world . 
  it 'll stay in use by the eu due to that , even if it loses status as an official language . 
  you guys ever thing the seething rage in these comments is exactly what op was looking for ? 
   yeah but we have n't decided to leave  you never decided to join . 
  all 's fair in love and war . 
  strange . 
  in most european countries if you had a flag pole and flew the flag of your own country you 'd be looked down upon . 
  i think it 's just strange to own a flagpole . 
  so is the uk . 
  the uk is a part of the eu in fact . 
  we do n't know where it 'll end up . 
  no i do n't . 
  i wish for the uk to leave the eu . 
  because i do n't feel a european identity and am not a supporter of the way the eu works . 
  i do n't want any other countries to leave because i believe it makes the continent stronger and is beneficial for the european people . 
  so please do n't tell me what my opinions are . 
  also , no one said leaving or joining is easy . 
  no one expects it to be . 
  finally as a federalist you are the minority . 
  you ca n't act like all europeans and countries are working towards a single state because they 're not . 
  and the eu has huge issues to solve before even thinking about that . 
  there are reasons the eu 's popularity is low in france , the netherlands , italy and others . 
  find those reasons and solve them . 
  do n't just tell the people that 's how it is and they just accept it or `` die in filth '' . 
  the uk was ultimately politically incompatible with the eu . 
  and with it gone the eu can integrate much faster . 
  so you should consider brexit a great thing . 
  also , you 're the definition of a nationalist . 
  take that as you will . 
  shows the difference between the us . 
  i do n't wish for the death of the eu and i do n't have hatred for and member state , group or individual within it . 
  you hate the uk and want it to end because it disagrees with your politics . 
  have a good long look about what that says about you . 
  so what if they want to leave ? 
  it 's not your problem . 
  telling them to go and duck themselves because they said no to a club makes the club look like hypocritical assholes . 
  `` united in diversity , also if you leave go fuck yourself '' is a pretty toxic motto . 
  it 's nothing like the eu . 
  the devolved groups do n't claim to be sovereign . 
  the uk parliament is . 
  which puts it at direct odds with the eu .
