  having the power that juncker has with such a stretched ` mandate ' rubs a whole lot of people the wrong way . 
  same applies to the other commissioners and a whole host of powerful eu politicians . 
  other areas too are controversial in their democratic value . 
  the european council for example , where almost all decisions are made by qualified majority voting . 
  malta has 3 votes , the u.k has 29 . 
  therefore per head of maltese population they have 15 times more representation in the european council than a brit . 
  the eu had many democratic deficits . 
  however i do n't blame it for them . 
  most pro-europeans want to rectify those problems and rightly so , however that require almost impossible treaty change . 
  eurosceptics fear this because oftentimes new treaties and treaty change even for good reasons can be seen to live power from countries to brussels . 
  it 's a difficult question . 
  their eu policy is to hold another referendum after a deal is agreed , which essentially means they 'll agree the worst deal possible to encourage a remain vote , and essentially undo brexit by stealth . 
  unfortunately not as charismatic as i 'd hoped . 
  still , i wish i had the confidence to wear a suit like that . 
  this is flat out wrong . 
  regardless of what you think of their current government were a thousand times closer culturally to america than china . 
  american culture derives straight from european culture since almost all of their population descends from here . 
  negotiations start in a couple of weeks . 
   here we ... here we ... here we fucking go !, 
  ~ * jeremy corbyn , 2015 * why is this vein downvoted ? 
  it was posted to his twitter and was quite funny . 
  this comment is n't anti-labour . 
  just go and spoil you ballot . 
  that 's why i did when i was n't happy with my options in the local council elections . 
  i wrote in barry chuckle . 
  because we do n't elect a government * technically * . 
  we elect a parliament and the leader of the largest party in it forms a government among other directly elected mps . 
  having a second round would be a huge waste of time . 
  the problem people here have with the eu is that the commissioners are n't elected by the people . 
  juncker has no mandate from european citizens . 
  may will have a direct mandate from the people of maidenhead to serve as their mp , every minister will have the same . 
  we do n't elect them to their roles in government sure , but we do elect them to parliament directly . 
  unlike european commissioners . 
  ( i 'm not offering my opinion on the topic , just explaining the system and why it is n't criticised for being undemocratic like the eu is . 
  it is however criticised for being unrepresentative , which is a whole other argument . ), 
  so would labour . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  we 'd just have perpetual hung parliament and nothing would ever get done . 
  without it the snp would lose half their seats or more in westminster . 
  they have a machine for that at my local sainsbury 's . 
  not sure what the rates are though . 
  that my friend is how you start a world war . 
  not that it matters since you 'd never get the french on side . 
  the uk absolutely can default to wto . 
  the eu trades with plenty of countries on wto terms and if it decides it wants to embargo the u.k it 's going to make the entire continent suffer as a result of its obtuseness . 
  you missed the point . 
  i meant very little has to change * outside of trade * . 
  trade is where things need to be negotiated to change completely . 
  it was the other areas you mentioned where cooperation is undeniably mutually beneficial where we already have status quo and there 's no reason from either side to change things . 
  air traffic for instance . 
  we already have a status quo . 
  very little has to change . 
  it 's a matter of a fair trade deal where the uk needs to maintain the option to just leave and not let the eu dictate how trade will work . 
  in the other areas there 's no reason why things have to change unless the eu decides they need to be made difficult otherwise everybody loses . 
  i was referring more to trade . 
  unless of course the eu chooses to be obtuse and hold back those common sense things . 
  those of course need to be settled with a deal , and there 's no reason things ca n't carry in as they are in those areas . 
  trade is the touchy subject where more intense negotiations are to be had , and thad the area where defaulting to wto has to be on the table . 
  it 's not an `` all or nothing '' view it 's a reasonable view . 
  if you 're not prepared to leave with nothing that means the eu is free to simply dictate conditions . 
  corbyn saying he wo n't say no tells the eu that he can only say yes . 
  and even if he tries to negotiate they can just say no and he 's still going to accept . 
  it 's more of a failsafe than an option . 
  it 's the absolute last resort . 
  no one wants it , but without it any other negotiations are meaningless . 
  and the most ungenerous eu demands would kill any politicians career if they kowtowed to them so that just off the table . 
  the point is that no deal hurts everyone a lot . 
  if the eu push too hard and demand too much the uk had to be prepared to say no and walk away . 
  otherwise the eu will just get everything it wants and more out of the negotiations and the uk will get screwed . 
  the eu could just demand the uk continues to contribute and follow rules but loses all its benefits and say . 
  everyone knows that 's a terrible deal , but corbyn would have to say yes if the eu refused to negotiate further beyond that . 
  which they could do knowing he would n't walk away . 
  just took a look at a couple and you 're right . 
  if i want thinking i probably would n't notice the angled sides . 
  he 's right though . 
  got my into a negotiation and making it clear you 're prepared to accept whatever the other side give you is retarded . 
  by corbyn 's logic the eu could offer a laughably one sided deal and refuse to negotiate any further , and corbyn would accept it . 
  you ant negotiate when you ca n't say no . 
  i know they prefer czechia but i go with czech republic in real conversation because people seem to mistake it for chechnya . 
  i do n't get how people can make that mistake since it 's angled and not round . 
  also look on the bright side , it 's worth a few cents more than a euro , so you 've got some cash back :d, 
  dude i was being sarcastic . 
  there was a second paragraph where i straight up called the war the biggest mistake in modern history . 
  not sure why you 're mad . 
  nadine dorries is completely correct . 
  you ca n't criticise may for hurting security services when you were the one cutting her budget to the bone . 
  we won though so there 's that \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af but yeah ww1 was the biggest mistake in modern history . 
  basically all the worlds current crises can be traced back to it . 
  brexiteers tories are n't the ones holding her to ransom on freedom of movement . 
  the conservative brexiteers follow the sovereignty argument more than the immigration one . 
  the reason the conservatives and labour ca n't keep fom is because it 'll revive ukip with a vengeance . 
  simply put , important voters do not want freedom of movement with europe . 
  and the tories and labour need to keep them happy . 
  i agree that a huge majority would allow may some more leeway in brexit negotiations and some agreements would n't necessarily have to be as hard , but fom is an area where the voters simply wo n't have it . 
  it 's democracy in action , for better or worse . 
  freedom of movement in its current form will not be allowed to continue by voters . 
  ( i want to stress , immigration is n't an area i 'm particularly sensitive about . 
  i do however believe that the uks immigration rules should be made in the u.k - the sovereignty argument . 
  i just do n't want you to get the wrong idea and think i 'm an anti-fom kipper . 
  i 'm not , i 'm just explaining why there 's very little room for movement on it regardless of the election results . ),
