  with brexit they 've been known to give multiple different stances in the space of a week . 
  they ca n't commit to thugs like freedom of movement or single market membership for example . 
  this is because their voter base is also deeply divided and they ca n't satisfy each other whilst also satisfying two deeply different voter bases ( but that 's a story for another day ) . 
  in short , the problems with corbyn and labour go far beyond media bias . 
  even left wings papers like the guardian , independent , and mirror ca n't bring themselves to support him because he 's such a mess . 
  point is , the media did n't destroy corbyn , everything destroyed corbyn . 
  he 's just politically impossible , and no amount of favourable coverage can change that . 
   england * sighs in welsh , scottish and northern irish *, 
  wow . 
  where to begin . 
  i 'll repeat where i left off last time . 
  newspapers ( in any country ) do n't drive political narratives alone . 
  they sell to those that already have certain beliefs . 
  there is a huge eurosceptic part of the population in the u.k , so to make money papers like the express and mail are eurosceptic to appeal to those readers and sell papers . 
  that is the long and short of it . 
  people buy what they want to read . 
  the consumers lead the discourse , the papers can try to influence that discourse and present opinions and views that represent their own , but ultimately they need to sell papers . 
  people do n't buy a paper and then take their views from it , they buy their paper based on the views they already have . 
  that 's capitalism . 
  as for that bbc interview that man criticising the ft is michael portillo , a former conservative who contributes to the show . 
  the bbc is allowed to show discussions you know . 
  just because they have someone representing a view you do n't like does n't mean the organisation is biased . 
  the bbc are excellent at getting contributors from all different sides . 
  just look at any given episode of question time . 
  finally , jeremy corbyn is panned by the media because he 's panned by literally everyone but the left wing of the labour party . 
  people who am remember socialism from the 70s do n't want it back . 
  and he is literally a 70s labour socialist . 
  his shadow chancellor is a self described marxist . 
  the uk is one of the most free-market , capitalist societies in the world . 
  of course people are n't going to like a party thats been hijacked by communists . 
  the papers just capitalised on that . 
  in support of that point , just look at how popular the morning star is . 
  a communist paper that supports corbyn . 
  it 's a complete joke and influences no ones opinions . 
  because again , papers sell to opinions , they do n't create them . 
  wow . 
  what a massive presumptuous blanket insult of 65 million people . 
  yes . 
  the entire country just does what the media tells it to do . 
  even the 58 million who do n't buy newspapers do whatever the media tells them to do . 
  there is no discourse , no life experience , no campaigning and no surgeries . 
  only the word of the papers . 
  the law . 
  i 'm not going to stoop to your level . 
  i wo n't insult romania or romanians . 
  but you need to realise that people and politics is individual . 
  there are plenty of ways people come to their own conclusions and opinions . 
  saying the media rules the uk when paper sales are plummeting ( dropped by 7.6 % from 2014-2015 ) and polls show people get their news from the bbc and social media ( which is global not u.k only ) is dimwitted and wrong . 
  people have had grievances with the eu since we joined , and there are plenty of flaws in it . 
  just because parts of the media are eurosceptic does n't mean they 're driving the narrative , only that they 're selling to the people who are a part of it . 
  it 's quite simple media = / = uk . 
  he seems to irritate eu supporters though with his antics . 
  it makes arguing the eu side against eurosceptic more difficult . 
  does anyone really like juncker ? 
  he 's pretty universally hated in the u.k ( even staunch remainers struggle to defend his antics ) and i 've never really seen anyone in this sub mention how great he is . 
  what 's the consensus ? 
  any jcj fans here ? 
  you just put yourself on about a dozen different watch lists . 
  as soon as you feel like it ? 
  come on mate we 've been teasing this since we joined . 
  and even then , it 's not childish to leave a union you no longer want to be a part of . 
  when did cartoons stop being funny and start just trying to be disgusting ? 
  also this is probably better suited for r/ukpolitics than r/europe . 
  i 'm not sure why they 'd target the uk election . 
  if it 's the same people who push far right candidates like trump or le pen , the only equivalent in the uk is ukip , who could n't be saved if they found emails that suggested all the other parties were run by lizards . 
  also , the uk system is n't 1v1 , meaning even if you hack someone you ca n't guarantee your guy wins . 
  well ww1 and 2 took place primarily in europe , and left the continent a bit of a fucked yo hell hole for a while , which does n't really encourage baby-making . 
  and the western world including europe for access to contraception before asia and africa . 
  many places in asia and africa still do n't really have it . 
  as a result there are far fewer unintentional pregnancies in the west nowadays . 
  i think that 's unfair . 
  playing computer games is as popular as watching movies nowadays . 
  in my experience it 's just the that politically active left wing gamers tend to express their views publicly on social media , whereas their right wing equivalents tend to do so anonymously via reddit or 4chan . 
  i watched a bit , and then i tried watching some more on mute , but i 'm afraid i still do n't understand . 
  now i do n't understand international sign so perhaps there 's a lot more to it than i 'm seeing , but thus far i 'm quite confused . 
  okay . 
  sign language is great and making entertainment more accessible to those with disabilities is absolutely to be commended . 
  but is n't a music competition perhaps an odd choice to broadcast in sign language ? 
  i get the impression that centuries of oppression of catholics by the british has resulted in a lot of catholic overcompensation now . 
  so yeah ... sorry . 
  you 're like our fourth favourite foreigners after aussies , new zealander 's and canadians , in no particular order . 
  i thought the uk was full of xenophobic racists ? 
  we do n't have social democrats in the u.k. labour is half pc neo-liberal and half max strength 1970s socialist . 
  no middle ground . 
  how about ukip ? 
  the commission has pretty much scuppered a deal already . 
  at this point i expect wto . 
  the certainly preserved democracy as far as they possibly good given the massive force that was the soviet union by 1945 . 
  but that 's not good enough i guess ? 
  an eu with an enemy of russia at its east , a fast becoming totalitarian turkey to it 's south-east as well as endless terrorism and war beyond that and to its south , would do well not to create another enemy to its north west . 
  a fully anti-europe uk , with a us that does n't really want to commit to nato anymore ( assurances to do so were secured by theresa may i will add ) , with all the other aforementioned enemies , is a hugely unhealthy situation for the eu to be in . 
  the fact that so many in brussels are now actively trying to turn the uk into a foe is deeply troubling . 
  but if it were n't for the uk , the commonwealth , and later the us all using the uk as their base , the soviets would have done to all of europe what they did to eastern europe . 
  so you 'd still live in a totalitarian dictatorship , just a communist one rather than a fascist one . 
  she 's taking advantage of the eu shedding its mask of being the reasonable side . 
  the last week has told the british public that the eu is money-grubbing , power hungry organisation that 's out to harm british people . 
  now sure that 's a gross oversimplification and there are explanations to everything that happened this week that suggests that 's not the case . 
  but most voters will see juncker leaking dinner discussion , see german and french politicians demanding more and more from the uk and finally the perceived $ 40b increase in the `` bill '' and take it as the eu pretty much declaring war on the uk . 
  there is no longer any good faith on either side , and both will do whatever they can to harm each other . 
  in the end we the people , on both sides of the channel , are the losers .
