i 've seen the trailer for this the last 4 times i 've been to the pictures . 
  it strikes me as the kind of film that 's out cgi and looking pretty over everything else . 
  and just does n't seem very interesting . 
  hmm . 
  wales has n't really done a whole lot . 
  i mean we have n't been independent in some 900 years . 
  and though i consider myself british , i find people who are proud to be british in this sub are either labelled as imperialists or little englanders i 'm depending on what they 're proud of . 
  so i guess i got nothing . 
  as for europe , i 'm also proud of nothing . 
  europe has solved no problems in the world that were n't already caused by europe in the first place . 
  i do n't see how the eu ca n't bend for france . 
  they 'd know full well that unlike with the uk , if france leaves the eu is done . 
  they get away with it because it used to be a very good paper . 
  then it went online only and has slowly morphed into click-bait crap . 
  at this point it 's edging in the mail and the express in regards to awful news sources . 
  is n't it amazing how nature knows exactly where the borders are and chooses not to snow on them ? 
  one of the great mysteries of our planet . 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm or dumb . 
  the biggest poll lead in a decade party strikes again . 
  clearly what they 're doing is popular . 
  no a lord ( not in government ) was interviewed and said gibraltar should be defended like the falklands . 
  no one actually suggested going to war . 
  it was a journalist who asked about it i believe and the whole thing snowballed . 
  the lord 's reply was jingoistic and irresponsible too . 
  point is , we 're not going to war . 
  the uk ( not sure why you 're fixed in england ) has no reason to attack . 
  there is n't a lot of diplomatic leverage that 's going to get the uk to give it up . 
  full single market access with no freedom of movement ? 
  that might do it . 
  fact is , as long as the people on the rock want to be british the u.k will keep and defend gibraltar . 
  all this hoopla came after a journalist asked a lord if may should * defend * gibraltar , and he said yes just like how thatcher defended the falklands . 
  no one threatened anyone , but the u.k made clear that defend gibraltar in the same way it would defend an attack on any part of its territory . 
  all the questions were about if spain attacked gibraltar would the u.k defend it . 
  no one has at any point suggested the u.k attack spain . 
  there 's no need to . 
  spain wants something of ours , not the other way around . 
  for a start may has had the human rights act in her sights for a while . 
  it wo n't be an issue for long . 
  as for the views of the people of ni that 's their choice . 
  hard border with ireland or hard border with gb . 
  besides , they 'll have british passports and therefore would face no issue getting into gb from ni anyway . 
  and i said if only they were because new communities from outside of ni 's unionist protestant or catholic nationalist divide can only be helpful for the region . 
  new faces , new opinions , no emotional ties to the area . 
  it can only be healthy . 
  i wish eu migrants had been going there . 
  why is my country only mentioned when people are making fun of our language or our sheep :(, 
  this paper is a joke . 
  there 's plenty of pro-eu sources of news , but forming a one-issue news paper is just asking people to not take you seriously . 
  i 'm quite pleased with the status quo in terms of devolution and government . 
  i 'm a bit tired of welsh labour in the assembly though . 
  i 'm hoping they stop taking power for granted . 
  in regards to wales and the eu , we 'll be losing funding but that 's just something we 'll have to deal with . 
  we 've really got it pretty good in wales in regards to brexit and other international drama . 
  a capitalist country that trades with the west . 
  switzerland is neutral , not isolationist . 
  they trade and talk , they just do n't take sides . 
  good talk . 
  go for it . 
  works great for north korea . 
  the final option make sense to me . 
  ni is n't exactly the place eu immigrants are moving to ( if only they were ) . 
  i do n't see an issue with maintaining free movement on the island with the border checkpoints being in gb . 
  again , if you do n't want western help , leave the eu and isolate yourselves . 
  that 's the only solution to what you 're saying . 
  factories being bought is called capitalism . 
  that 's the way the world works . 
  if you do n't like it , bring back your communism . 
  russia is the country that controlled you for centuries until the ussr collapsed . 
  that control left you years behind the west , which in turn has left you reliant on us now . 
  as for european help , if you do n't want it , leave . 
  your country is a failure and that 's not our responsibility . 
  the west is trying to help , but if you do n't like it or are n't satisfied then sod off and we 'll help someone more appreciative . 
  care to provide evidence or are you just leaping to that conclusion because i do n't conform to your worldview ? 
  hyper nationalist ? 
  for being a eurosceptic ? 
  your definition of nationalist is very light . 
  hey i did n't fire the missiles . 
  i 'm just saying assad has it coming . 
  the uk has nothing todo with polands issues . 
  see russia about that . 
  meanwhile your country is the biggest beneficiary of the eu , funded by western countries including the u.k. 
  so while you 're enjoying our charity , please quit your bitching . 
  in the payroll of the government ? 
  i bloody wish . 
  but you 'll find i disagree with the tories on plenty . 
  you on the other hand come across like mr junckers lackey . 
  oh look it 's my fascist fan . 
  happy friday . 
  well come back and complain when you 're getting gassed . 
  the world has bigger problems right now . 
  that spain signed over . 
  tough shit spain . 
  the go complain to some germans and russians then . 
  or since all the people who committed those crimes died decades ago , calm down . 
  the son is not responsible for the sins of the father . 
  most people seem to agree with the strikes . 
  including france , germany , turkey , poland and donald tusk . 
  if you 're looking for a chance to go after the uk for whatever reason , this really is n't it . 
  funny that a multi speed europe suddenly makes sense now we 're leaving is n't it ? 
  a year ago that was totally unacceptable .
