  i like the times but do n't buy it out of opposition to murdoch . 
  yes . 
  i 'm not exaggerating at all he actually called for diplomatic engagement with isis . 
  that 's why they win . 
  i barely have to pay attention to the cat . 
  feed it , water it , make sure it has somewhere to sleep and make sure it 's up to date on its injections . 
  in return i get something warm and soft to keep me company and get hair everywhere . 
  a dog is much more time consuming to look after and as a result a lot harder to keep . 
  chill out asshole . 
  no need to take innocuous comments so seriously . 
  i 'd be surprisingly okay with restoring the roman empire . 
  this poll seems to disagree . 
  could it be that the people are socially conservative but economically left leaning ? 
  the same applies to much of europe . 
  post-war architecture for the most part was a crime against humanity . 
  a centre-right government then ? 
  based on what i 've read ( and i do n't follow french politics too closely ) if it had n't turned out fillon was corrupted probably be president now . 
  eastern europeans every time someone calls them eastern europeans . 
  a lot of easterners on here would draw the east/west divide on the russian border, 
  ** one of us one of us one of us, 
  for any europeans who 've not heard of harry and paul i strongly recommend you look up some of their sketches on youtube . 
  many of you could probably relate to their american tourist ones . 
  this happens every few months , and both sides throw harsh words at each other and rattle their sabres but ina couple of weeks they 'll settle down and nk will be out of the news again . 
  we 're lucky to be in europe . 
  because one of these episodes of threats and muscle flexing will inevitably eventually lead to war , and we 're probably in about the safest part of the world in that scenario . 
  i 've got it !, 
  we ( the uk ) , will invade and colonise europe , oppress and murder you for about 200 years to a point where you all hate us so much that you can put aside lost of your differences and we can just leave without cleaning up our mess . 
  viola , united europe . 
  it 'll only cost a few million lives and most of your natural resources . 
  sorry mate . 
  if a european federation were a thing it would be a shining beacon of neoliberalism . 
  honestly belarus is basically a puppet state already so i 'm not sure how much would change . 
  this is n't like ukraine where they were actively trying to distance themselves from russia . 
  she can get away with both as part of a `` transition period '' i imagine they 'll want an extra two years or so outside the eu but inside the single market and obliging with free movement in order to negotiate and finalise trade agreements around the world . 
  essential , the uk ca n't formally negotiate trade deals while in the eu , even with article 50 activated . 
  however if they take the `` norway style '' option as a temporary transitional measure and focus the article 50 period on the eu separation . 
  then in the transition focus on trade with the eu , us and everyone else . 
  makes sense to me . 
  damn glorious pictures . 
  yeah but the us and u.k have an unprecedentedly close military partnership . 
  brexit dividing lines are not nationalistic dividing lines in the u.k. 
  the snp lost seats and votes in the ge because their anti-brexit stance scared away scottish brexit voters who 'd previously supported them . 
  ni 's unionist parties supported brexit ( and ideologically so did many unionists ) but remain won because remaining is the safe bet for the border . 
  i 'd brexit was going to spark the break up if the uk , we 'd have seen nationalist parties surge . 
  instead their popularity has fallen . 
  also , though i 'm welsh , the english are my countrymen . 
  leadsom dropped out . 
  boris never ran and gove and fox lost the contest early as it 's a run off system . 
  they did n't just give up . 
  only reason leadsom made it to the was that no one knew who she was . 
  brits in cheap tourist resorts are the worst humans you 'll ever come across . 
  the irish are just as bad but smaller in number . 
  the us military developed the technology that would be later used to to create the world wide web by a british man working with others in switzerland . 
  no single person or state it 's responsible for what we today know as `` the internet '' and it 's the sum of many advancements made all over the world . 
  ah french farmers . 
  the true unelected overlords of europe . 
  you can say what you want about trump but to say he lacks charisma is a flat out lie or a misunderstanding of what charisma is . 
  the guy was a tv star and is only president because he 's more charismatic and assured of himself than any of his competitors in the election were . 
  sure it 's a different kind of charisma to obama ( much more super-villain like is trump ) , but he remains a very charismatic man . 
  if you think brexit only lasted a day you should try pressing a day in r/europe . 
  wait a minute . 
  bernie can still win dammit . 
  austria and latvia need to sit down and have a talk about flag plagiarism . 
  london absolutely can be beautiful , but this picture is n't the greatest example of that . 
  the maker of this map does n't seem to understand what an occupation is as opposed to a conquest or a country simply originating as a part of another . 
  slovakia and czechia were n't `` occupied '' by czechoslovakia for example . 
  this sub has its ups and downs , but i 'm never not ready for the next epic chapter of finland vs the netherlands . 
  best anime rivalry . 
  i do t know man . 
  in the u.k labour still get shit for how they handled the economic crash 10 years ago , and they even get attacked over the winter of discontent 40 years ago . 
  even if only one person remembers something , it 's easy to remind everyone else . 
  at the same time with how popular and valuable germany is i ca n't see the rest of the world leaping to demonise them should they ask for those territories back . 
  they wo n't of course because they 're pragmatic and are living in the 21st century . 
  but the point is that international law only really exists when the rest of the world wants to enforce it , and i 'm not sure who you expect to show up and tell germany they ca n't ask the that land back . 
  i do n't feel proud of it because i do n't feel it . 
  i am not european . 
  i am british and welsh in equal parts , but am not european . 
  at least in an emotional sense . 
  i suppose geographically i am of the european continent , but that 's about as meaningful to me as being of the planet earth . 
  i reject the modern concept that you should n't be proud of your nationality as you did n't choose it , i believe it 's perfectly acceptable to be proud of being british/french/spanish etc and to be proud of your nation . 
  so for those who do identify as european i think it 's perfectly acceptable to be proud of that fact . 
  but i personally do n't identify with it and have no wish to adopt it as part of my identity . 
  so no , i 'm not proud of being european . 
  northern ireland can affect british politics when they put aside their sectarianism and elect parties that actually have a say . 
  they segregated themselves from mainline british politics to their own detriment . 
  you spend a lot of time making sure london lives comfortably and the areas surrounding it . 
  america = continents of north and south america . 
  anyone from those continents is american whether you like it or not . 
  just because the us has adopted the word american for its own use does n't change the fact that it comes from the name of the continent , by the country . 
  hence the original point that someone from serbia , switzerland or moldova is just as much a european as someone from france , germany or belgium . 
  because it 's not about the name of the country/supra-national construct , but rather the geographic name for the continent . 
  we do n't have it as good as the scots though . 
  and arguably is and the northern irish need more cash injected into our countries than england or scotland . 
  was n't this expected ? 
  he was n't elected because people liked him he was elected because they disliked the other option more . 
  that 's absolutely correct . 
  canadians are from america , and therefore american , but they are not us citizens . 
  america is not a country , the united states of america is . 
  anyone from north or south america is american . 
  just as a serb is european despite serbia by being in the eu .
