  the housing the workers are given is also of very poor quality and they often have to live in one small appartment with several colleagues . 
  you are aware that the european parliament is directly elected ? 
  also horribly understaffed so you get huge queues at the register that go all the way to the back of the store ... 
  in my experience lidl 's bread goes stale very quickly . 
  sometimes the bread i bought for breakfasat already tastes bad when i 'm having lunch . 
  more like ice hockey without the ice ( notice that you can walk around the goal ) so it 's mostly popular in countries where they play ice hockey . 
  it 's also very popular with gym teachers because the rules are easy . 
  ( and you can buy the sticks for a euro ), 
  rape has never been a very well documented crime , unfortunately . 
  especially before the 20th century . 
  however , it 's no secret that the irish formed gangs and were very prominent in organised crime . 
  as well as the fact that they lived in ghettos and failed to integrate even after wwii . 
  uhh , many irish did just that . 
  they were even considered '' non-white '' because they were so criminal . 
  it 's what happens when you put them all in a ghetto . 
  maybe the foulness of the canal sterilised him ? 
  to be fair , bieber would probably do quite well in eurovision , and not only because of fangirls . 
  he would definitely be better than jedward ... 
  well , we had that one guy who shot up a shopping mall with legally acquired weapons ... 
  though he did modify them to be fully automatic . 
  but presenting a deal like that is simply blackmail ; become a full member or you 're out !, 
  you would give people 2 options they do n't want . 
  it would be more fair to have a separate referendum about it after the british have voted to remain . 
   remain ' should 've been ` would you like to become a full member [ eventually euro and schengen and all the rest ] or leave the eu . ', 
  that 's just unfair . 
  simply because the side you 're on is losing does n't mean that the question was wrong . 
  no one proposed to become full members but many people wanted a referendum about leaving the eu . 
  so the question is : do you want to stay in the eu or not ? 
  that is what people wanted a referendum on , not about becoming full members . 
  yeah you can have limburg and north brabant anyway . 
  we really do n't need any compensation ... 
  there 's also the islands where a lot of tourists vote whilst on vacation . 
  especially schiermonnikoog can get pretty whacky . 
  his name is not a title ... 
  he might descent from a noble family that held titles at some point , but that would have no connection to him or his last name . 
  ah the good old van speijk method . 
  even more importantly : most of these criminals are only teenagers . 
  it is n't an excuse for these crimes , but deporting children is just inhumane . 
  ah now you 're showing your true colours . 
  you ca n't just compare gay marriage with public drunkenness . 
  the catholic church is not the only institution that can preform marriages . 
  gay marriage wo n't be forced on the catholic church , nor did anyone claim it should be . 
  you 're just moving the goalpost to justify forcing your backwards believes on the rest of us . 
  austria compensated for it though . 
  russia will most likely invade the eastern members , especially finland , who is n't in nato , will be in danger . 
  as well as ukraine , georgia and moldova , since there is no power strong and close enough to guaranty their safety . 
  and if extreme nationalism finds its way into government again , many member states will likely leave nato ( already there are parties who want this ) and then the larger countries might seek to take back some disputed land from the weaker ones . 
  well , yeah . 
  but many people get the day off regadless . 
  ascension day is a holiday in the netherlands as well . 
  so unfortunately we have one day of less this year because they 're on the same day . 
   do n't the airbnb property owners pay the same property tax you would ? 
  sure , but they do n't pay taxes over their income . 
  they 're also stealing business from hotels who have to adhere to regulations . 
  airbnb does n't bring in new people , they steal them from hotels . 
  also , many tourists are extremely rude and they destroy property of the neighbours . 
  and then when airbnb has gone out of fashion we 'll have entire empty neighbourhoods . 
  i 'm not paying taxes just so some assholes can buy out entire buildings to rent them out to tourists . 
  that 's exactly what amsterdam has done now . 
  if you rent a house in the city you ca n't rent it out on airbnb for more then a third of the year . 
  no , but in many cities there are so many airbnbs that there is a housing shortage . 
  flanders + brussels has 562/km ^ 2, 
  yeah , flanders + brussels has a much higher population density then the netherlands . 
  it 's wallonia and more specifically the ardennes that 's bringing the figure down . 
  but the belgians appropriated that motto . 
  yeah , this pretty much proves that the sactions are working . 
  now is the time to roll out some extra santions . 
  hopefully putin will soon be on his knees apologising to ukraine . 
  i said a little rotted . 
  not all but decomposed . 
  also make sure it 's a little rotted . 
  now you 're being pedantic , i even mentioned duytsch !, 
  `` wilhelmus van nassauwe , ben ik van duitschen bloed '' our national anthem disagrees with you . 
   nobody in the low countries would have told you : `` ja , ik ben een nederlander '' . 
  no , they would 've replied with `` neen , ik ben dietsch/duytsch . '', 
  which is where the word `` dutch '' comes from . 
  not entirely , you iberians all speak different languages , the dutch and flemings all speak and spoke dutch and our history was shared up until the northern netherlands became independent . 
   i just think that the english adjective `` dutch '' does n't fit , as it almost excusively applies to the netherlands . 
  the meaning of the word `` dutch '' shifted over time . 
  but during the eighty years ' war , all people in the low countries were called dutch . 
  this might make it a little complex , but that does n't mean you have to be such a pedant when i just copied wikipedia 's terminology . 
  they were synonyms in that period . 
  from the [ english wiki page about the eighty years war ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighty_years%27_war ) : the eighty years ' war or * dutch war for independence * calling it the dutch war for independence is very normal , even among academics . 
  at the time , the people in the northern netherlands and the southern netherlands considered themselves dutch . 
  only later did the term dutch only apply to the people of the netherlands . 
  at the time , that was all considered to be dutch . 
  well , sea beggars is their official english name so i went with it . 
  although in itself the town was pretty unimportant , this was the first town in the netherlands that came to be controlled by the insurrectionists and it 's fall to the sea beggars served as a rallying cry for the protestants and led to a renewed fervour that would eventually bring down the spanish occupiers . 
  allegedly , this is also the origin of the april fools tradition . 
  i did n't downvote anybody , i 'm not as petty as you . 
  also i follow reddiquette and do n't downvote based on opinions . 
  are you aware that your source also says that emigration has increased ? 
  and that most immigrants are dutch people returning ? 
  net immigration has n't changed in years . 
  nice downvote , shows how ignorant you are . 
  most immigrants go to the city , yes . 
  they also want to live in cheap social housing . 
  problem is , social housing is supposed to be temporary , but these days it 's hard to find a new house because we have neglected the construction of these slightly fancier houses . 
  because of this , there is a growing queue for social housing since people are forced to live in them for longer than they expected . 
  you can blame immigration but immigration has n't increased lately so it 's just a lack of foresight from the government .
