  immigration is not putting a pressure on housing . 
  the real problem is that we did n't build new houses the last few years . 
  expect this to change . 
  not everything can be blamed on immigrants . 
  in the netherlands , online polls heavily overestimated the pvv . 
  turns out that people following the far right tend to be more militant and more likely to subscribe to these sort of polls to shed their candidate in a better light . 
  well to be fair , the british isles * is * a geographical term . 
  in fact , the irish stand closer to the britons it used to refer to than the `` british '' themselves . 
  it 's people like you who are making it political . 
  i find that coffee tastes closer to death , actually . 
  tea works just as good . 
  i live close to denemarken , they 've got like 10 people there . 
  i believe you mean ck2 . 
  yeah we do . 
  though there was a pull to the right , it is n't as big as some people say . 
  the left lost like 10 seats overall . 
  3 if you count d66 as left . 
  eh , amsterdam is even more diverse and pvv does badly . 
  it 's more that rotterdam and almere are extremely poor by dutch standards . 
  yeah it gave me a good chuckle . 
  first groninger municipality is in . 
  cda largest and pvda collapse ( used to be the largest ) though this is in the more religious partof the province . 
  they 'll maybe hang on to one or two in groningen and drenthe . 
  but i 'm not so sure . . 
  d66 and pvda would be almost as climate friendly as the gl . 
  pvda did well in 2010 . 
  though that happened after they blew the coalition they were in . 
  you can only vote once . 
  you have to apply for a different voting pass abs exchange it for the old one . 
  the new one allows you to vote anywhere and the old one will be listed as invalid . 
  the island is part of the municipality of lelystad , i believe . 
  only some of us are saxons . 
  those southerners are filthy franks . 
  and then there 's the frisians , who are actually saxons who speak frisian . 
  edit : i can see from your flair that you 're a fellow saxon !, 
  independence when ? 
  that 's his point . 
  no way they would not invite cda . 
  well , except pvda and sp . 
  the wonky percentages are due to people voting in a different municipality than they actually live in . 
  the islands get lots of tourists so they have high percentages . 
  some insiders even said it was because he was emotionally upset because his most trusted henchman betrayed him suddenly . 
  only bonaire does . 
  they 're a special municipality and the others are independent countries . 
  we just did n't like the old one and changed it . 
  i believe that was in 1992 . 
  thankfully the binnenhof still stands . 
  they 're an independent country with their own parliament . 
  31 for vvd, 
  19 seats, 
  the islands are in the markermeer !, 
  hence the name . 
  in the netherlands you vote for a person , which makes voting a lot harder and the ballot a lot larger . 
  [ it is n't just a stereotype ] ( https://www.bol.com/nl/p/ugly-belgian-houses/9200000038560674/ ) also , because of a lack of building regulations , the houses can look extremely different from each other , which leads to a very cluttered look many people find ugly . 
  i already live a whole meter above sea level so i 'd rather just enjoy my new beach property . 
  however , the pvv did very well at the 2010 election , despite the low turnout . 
  we can not predict anything from this . 
  oh damn , at least i can sympathise with people eating them because of extreme hunger . 
  very sad to see a country collapse like that . 
  they almost exclusively live in cities up there . 
  they 'll freeze to death if they do n't huddle together in winter . 
  this also explains why your houses are so extremely ugly . 
  very probable , we 've got a large amount of `` kampers '' . 
  most people vote after work or when they pick up their children from school . 
  so expect the turnout to boom in the afternoon . 
  you are blaming the left for things the right did wrong . 
  pvv is against decriminalisation of marihuana . 
  pvv is against the eu . 
  the two are almost opposites of each other . 
  he probably does n't want to resort to large scale voter fraud . 
  it 's quite risky . 
  but he will try if there 's no other way of winning the referendum . 
  17th century dutch is farther away from frisian than modern dutch , so it would not really be comparable . 
  back in the day , the difference between frisian and dutch was very large . 
  frisian has been heavily influenced by the dutch language over the years , so if you put a little effort in it , it 's almost comprehensible . 
  but as a result , the difference between frisian and english has increased dramatically and an englishman would n't be able to understand frisian . 
  it 's more likely that the pvv voters will simply not show up . 
  they lost a good five seats from that in 2012 , would be hilarious if it happened again and wilders ends up losing seats . 
  that would crush his narrative of being better at representing the people than the ` elitist ' parties . 
  and funnily enough , many ex pvv people struggle with finding a new job , so for many people this could mean that they will lose all their income . 
  this way he has ensured that all his employees are sucking up to him . 
  the clinton foundation is a legitimate charity and there is zero evidence of fraud ... 
  however , it is also possible to do this with the chromosomes of two men . 
  though you would obviously still need a woman to get a child out of it . 
  ( and to supply the egg ), 
  you had me until that last sentence . 
  the reason our ( nl ) integration policy is better is because of our labour party ( pvda ) . 
  their social cohesion policies in the early 2000 's is what led to the difference we see today . 
  if it were n't for paars , our country would 've been a whole lot different . 
  nah , russia will unload a truck of passports and claim that there is a repressed minority of russian speaking boulders . 
   certainly finland did not have monopoly over violence in the territory the grand prince of finland did . 
  it just so happened that he was tsar of russia as well . 
  that means finland was a junior party in a personal union . 
  by law independent , but de facto part of the russian empire . 
  as such , you could call finland a country . 
   by similar logic , the duchy of burgundy was a country in the 17th century ? 
  i think the sun king would have your head for suggesting that . 
  and the sun king was the first french king who would do that , since he basically invented the modern idea of the french nation . 
  before he rose to power many of his vassals had a huge amount of autonomy . 
  especially the duke of burgundy .
