  before the discussion was indeed very normal and changes had been made . 
  ( remember : piet used to speak broken dutch and be generally dumb ) as a reaction to these more aggressive protesters , nationalists picked up the defence of zwarte piet . 
  most people generally do n't really care and the nationalists and anti-zwartepieters were probably not on very friendly terms anyhow so i do n't think it 's polarising our society . 
  changes are still being made through normal discussion so i think the debate is a good thing . 
  the people that go out to protest ( both for and against ) can eat a heap of shit , imo . 
  i myself find it a bit sad that we apparantly ca n't have a fun party anymore without people going apeshit about it ; i was rather proud that we had zwarte piet for so long without any problems , which showed how tolerant we are of eachother, 
  well i happen to know a lot about it since i 'm gay . 
  : / although there is indeed a form of discrimination against homosexuals , this is mostly amongst lower educated people . 
  i myself have , fortunately , not experienced any real discrimination other than weird looks but i 've heard from others that they struggle with it regularly . 
  mostly from more ... effeminate men though , so i guess people have more problems with the '' in-your-face '' homosexuals then with the average gay guy . 
  so we still have a long way to go . 
  still beats the 50s though . 
  he probably means the verzuiling . 
  which is quite the opposite of cohesion if you ask me ... 
  also , zwarte piet has been an issue for quite a long time . 
  way before muslims came to our country . 
  implying that we ever get out of our parents ' basements to actually have social interactions . 
  better yet , caravans . 
  we also have / r/thenetherlands !, 
  first of all : this discussion is about [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zogw9/journalist_sentenced_to_prison_as_houses_of_two/cpkyzzw ) comment . 
  not about that newspaper . 
  you 've done a nice job in derailing this conversation to something you know about . 
  and judging by your comment history this is actually the only thing you do , which is quite pathetic . 
  your entire reasoning for brandishing every turk as '' ultra-nationalist '' is based on that one newspaper , even though your sources , some of which are also turkish , disagree with their views . 
  i wo n't burn my fingers on discussing that newspaper anymore since it is awfully irrelevant when discussing the turkish people as a whole . 
  i mentioned my friends because they are turks , which is what the discussion was actually about , but you seem to ignore that and made the discussion about that dreadful newspaper . 
   wonderful western european governments , especially german ( the darling of reddit unlike hated serbia , greece and russia ) reddit does n't hate serbia , greece and russia . 
  they hate serbia 's and russia 's nationalism and geopolitics , which the other balkan countries have dropped , which is why they are better off . 
  and i do n't think anyone here actually hates greece , just the fact that the government proved to be quite corrupt and most are compassionate with the people who have to deal with this . 
  the world will be much better off without all the nationalist dickwaving that many countries ( including turkey ) seem to employ . 
  forgive eachother and try to build the future instead of being stuck in the past . 
   can you imagine now in 2015 a popular dutch newspaper with a slogan of `` a netherlands for the dutch '' oh yes i can , our current prime minister said that he could '' finally give this beautiful country back to the dutch '' after he won the elections . 
  another prominent politician once made an entire room with his supporters yell that they want '' less !, 
  less !, 
  less !, 
  if you think that '' x country for the x people '' is an ultra-nationalist frase , then i would have to inform you that [ there is much worse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ficxqvrlewi ) . 
  but most of all , and that is what the discussion was about before you derailed it , you ca n't hold a grudge against every turkish person just because their government is being aggressive or because of disputes and wars from more then a hundred years ago . 
  i know a lot of turks here in my country and some of them i consider my friends . 
  they are wonderful people and i wo n't let you discredit them simply because of their nationality . 
  go try it on stormfront since i wo n't even bother visiting that cesspool of facsism and nationalism . 
   i am not your research nanny , nosy dutch no-nothing read : there is no source to back my extreme claims up so i 'm not giving you any . 
   you seem awfully obsessed with posting just to entertain and amuse yourself on reddit . 
  as should you , chill out and do n't take all this too seriously . 
  so , simply because the turkish government ( not the people ) claim some greek ( not serbian ) territory , every balkan person should hate the turkish people ? 
  my country has similar disputes with its neighbours , yet i am not saying that every belgian , german or englishmen is an enemy of the state and a terrible person . 
  and trust me , we have had similar situations with these nations so it 's actually not that different . 
  but all of this is irrelevant to the '' discussion '' and i do n't like you trying to derail it . 
  your pretty words do n't make you smarter or less of an ass . 
  you ca n't judge people by the actions they did n't even commit , which is something / u/dharmaleader understands ... 
  looking at your comment history , it seems you are awfully obsessed with the turks ... a good advice for you would be to let it go and accept your country 's past and your differences . 
  that does n't mean you should hold a grudge ... why do n't you go spout your fascist agenda on stormfront where it belongs, 
  are you seriously still mad about things that happened a century ago ? 
  you do know that all those people from back then are all dead now ? 
  if you actually read the article , you 'd know that refugees were not taken into account . 
   are on the side of the taxi drivers . 
  no , the politicians are on the side of the law . 
  uber refuses to follow the law by not making sure that their drivers ( and cars ) have a permit and are insured , as well as dodging taxes left and right . 
  ( though that 's unfortunately legal ), 
  well , to be fair , hitler was n't a bad politician until he went totally crazy and refused to give up already . 
  seeing how merkel has n't yet decided to commit genocide or invade powerful countries and is probably going to win the next elections , she seems to be a good politician to this very day . 
  a politician can still be good even if you strongly disagree with him/her . 
  he was probably talking about the infamous sub full of white supremacists from america posing as europeans . 
  a bad politician would n't be able to be the chancellor of germany for ten years ... 
  and what does '' promoting it aggresively '' mean in this case ? 
  if you read the entire paragraph it says that this celebration was probably not very big and that some of the participants were bribed with cake . 
  then why does [ the police ] ( https://news.vice.com/article/photos-show-activists-being-attacked-and-arrested-at-gay-pride-parade-in-moscow ) do it then ? 
  or do [ nothing ] ( http://mic.com/articles/60355/this-is-how-lgbt-people-are-dealt-with-in-putin-s-russia ) when [ others ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2015/03/russia-putin-lgbt-violence-116202 ) do it ? 
  though i agree that women 's rights in the middle-east are terrible , even when compared to russia , women can vote in every country in the middle-east . 
  saudi-arabia joined the club last year . 
  that might seem bad , but the first elections were held in 2005 , so they moved quite fast with that . 
   at least russian culture has similar values to the rest of europe yeah , speak for yourself . 
  in my country , it is not culturally acceptable to beat up homosexuals . 
  ( though it still does happen , but luckily not very often ), 
  sweden and latvia had colonies ... 
  which is actually quite close to appingedam !, 
  awww there there , i 'd fuck the latvian . 
  i 'm not a girl though ... 
  no no , los united unidos is obviously correct . 
  huh , would 've thought people would associate heineken more with the netherlands . 
  especially since shell is just a generic oil megacorporation with an english name . 
  yeah , anders breivik was such a leftist . 
  ah yes , just let the innocent people drown . 
  '' damn , the numbers do n't support my agenda , lets just add some filters to change that '', 
  both , probably . 
  i think he meant that the heart of the union lies in brussels , not in strasbourg ... and he would be right . 
  their '' cities '' are nothing more than villages , really . 
  they could literally move the entire city a couple hundred meters inland if they needed to . 
  jesus christ , get a grip . 
  you 're the one pushing an agenda here . 
  i 'm only saying that you should not jump to conclusions and that saying that pkk is the only organisation capable of doing this is wrong . 
  euh , islamic state is pretty feasible too ... saying these kind of things so quickly and probably without proof is not a good thing . 
  well it 's something , but he says he will guide people so the protests will be peaceful . 
  he 's not guiding any protests . 
  at least he wants it to be peaceful , but yet again , he lies . 
  source on that ? 
  ca n't find anything that implies that . 
  where did he call for ** peaceful ** protests ? 
  you said you could give me examples but you did n't . 
  he has to distance himself because apparently many people think he did call for violence and then attack buildings thinking that that is wat wilders meant . 
  a simple clarification could perhaps be enough , but he refuses to even do that .
