  it was first believed that , like you said , they were mostly neo-nazis from around the country , but they turned out to be locals ...  occupy a mosque ... better called defensive okay , i will occupy a church tomorrow and wo n't let anyone in . 
  see if it 's still '' defensive '' . 
  how can you defend yourselves against peaceful prayer ? 
  you ca n't , you attack innocent people who only want to pray in peace instead . 
  i do n't think wilders ever specifically called for peaceful protests , just protests . 
  and when people asked him to denounce the violence , he replied with '' you denounce it yourselves , you can get the '' rambam '' . '', 
  rambam is an old-fashioned word that means you can fuck off . 
  they threw fireworks and rocks at a building with people in it . 
  there was no counter protest present . 
  is that what the right does ? 
  comparing anything they do n't like to the soviet union and then complain about circlejerking when they 're called out ? 
  there is no proof . 
  that 's why we ca n't say he was hacked or not . 
  an attack on a city hall and a terrorist calling wilders a hero are no '' petty things '' in my book though . 
  thing is , breivik agreed with him , breivik only murdered people instead of going into politics . 
  he did not mention the word peaceful anywhere , though . 
  otherwise i must have missed it . 
  btw , i do n't vote left , or is anything left of the pvv already seen as '' left '' ? 
  he told people to '' resist '' and yes also to go out and protest , these protests then became violent . 
  if an imam says that islam is the best religion and that other religions should not exist in this country , which then leads to someone attacking a church , would n't the imam be responsible as well ? 
  even though he did not say that churches should be attacked . 
  they held pictures of geert wilders at these protests though . 
  [ there has even been ] ( http://www.omroepgelderland.nl/nieuws/2103054/racistische-aanval-op-gezin-pannerden-met-zwaar-vuurwerk ) a racist attack with heavy fireworks where people put a picture of wilders on the house they attacked . 
  well , it has led to several violent protests in the country . 
  does that count ? 
  i hope he loses . 
  this is because i genuinely believe that his words and actions have incited several hate crimes and violent protests . 
  as well as the polarisation of our society . 
  breivik called him a hero and people held up pictures of him as they stormed city halls and future asylum centres . 
  yet he does not distance himself from these things , all the while saying that muslims should distance themselves from daesh . 
  i do n't think that it would sway his voters , but it would be justice if he were punished for his hate speech . 
   the classical roles of man and woman are attempted to be `` corrected '' through state-funded reeducation programs this is the part i 'm talking about . 
  as wel as :  we 're against the propagation of homo - and transsexualism i 'm sorry , but i never mentioned single parents either . 
  did you really think that i had forgotten how to read ? 
  did you even read it yourself ? 
  you 're still trying to derail this discussion , now through either blatantly lying or your own ignorance . 
  i do n't see how i could continue this discussion , since you 're obviously not interested in my points anyway . 
  the first article does n't link to the actual research , it also mentions that the study is not in line with [ previous studies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_parenting#consensus ) moreover , it is a mormon newspaper and obviously biased against homosexuals . 
  the second article cites a research from 1993 ... how am i to take that ? 
  the graph is irrelevant as it is about orphans , not about children from broken families . 
  besides , just because a woman is working , does n't mean that the parents are divorced , so these studies do n't back up the claim that a '' nuclear family '' is inherently better . 
  the last two studies also ignore that broken families tend to be poor and poor people tend to be criminal more often than wealthy people . 
  even more relevant : they 're all about the us , not about europe even funnier is , i never claimed children of broken families or orphans did just as well as other children . 
  i did n't even mention broken families and orphans . 
  nor is that what the afd is pointing at in this part of their manifesto . 
  resubmitted because i intitially posted another research via web.archive.com , which is n't allowed . 
  sorry for possibly filling your inbox , i screwed up a little with submitting edit to clarify : you 're arguments in this comment are irrelevant , since they 're countering something i never claimed in this comment thread . 
  please stop derailing this discussion . 
  and why should it actually matter that the german population is in decline ? 
  as long as everyone is happy and healthy , i do n't see a problem . 
  how are my points strawmen ? 
  and how does that justify an ad hominem ? 
  the afd and you both support '' nuclear families '' , which means that you discourage homosexuals from forming a family . 
  this makes us homosexuals all second class citizens . 
  the afd also wants to scrap social welfare or '' privatise '' it . 
  how can you privatise social welfare ? 
  you ca n't , since it essentially boils down to giving people support , companies will not give people support unless they make a provit from it . 
  there 's no problem with a housewife . 
  there is a problem with saying that all women should be housewifes . 
  women should have a choice and we should encourage them in it . 
  just like we should so with men . 
  but you agree with their other points ? 
  homosexuality should be discouraged ? 
  poor people should be left to fend for themselves ? 
  well , unless you consider homosexuality a threat to society , you think women should stay in the kitchen and believe that public well being is not something for the state to handle , it is very , very horrible . 
  nah , the upper class all speak mandarin . 
  but the lower class people generally do n't , depending on where in china you are . 
  here in groningen we have '' kon minder '' or literally translated : '' could be less '' . 
  it usually means that something is very good . 
  '' just act normal , you 'll be weird enough . '', 
  this translates to : even if a monkey is wearing a golden ring , it is and will always be an ugly thing . '', 
  basically it means that some things are bad no matter how pretty you make it seem . 
  yes we have that over here as well . 
  basically , yes . 
  nah , he just invited flanders to anschluss austrian style . 
  we have plenty of low-saxons here in the netherlands . 
  do n't let those hollanders deceive you ... 
  oh god this . 
  worst i 've seen was a camera strapped to the sign that indicated the maximum speed . 
  muslims never invaded south-east asia . 
  people converted peacefully through trade . 
  even if islam came into the region via conquest , it would n't justify murdering innocent people . 
  would you deserve pagans burning your home because you 're orthodox ? 
  it was an rpg . 
  so it was a very sturdy building . 
  it actually did n't do any damage apart from some burn marks . 
  there is a huge amount of poverty , but they hide it by sending tourists to uninhabited islands so they ca n't see that the guy carrying their luggage is nearly starving . 
  i actually know a guy who has a pelican feeding it 's own blood as his family 's coat of arms . 
  i believe it 's a very popular theme in heraldry . 
  also , most words that are '' het '' in dutch are '' das '' in german . 
  and most words that end with an e are feminine . 
  you 'll get used to it eventually , just like with '' de '' and '' het '' . 
  even worse , they mix flemings and dutch people so they only have to dub it once . 
  this leads to very cringy situations in which everybody in the entire household has a different accent . 
  however , hannah montana was aimed at children from ages 6-12 and subs would exclude the younger halve . 
  only because they fear ( ed ) russian aggression . 
  if you do n't want your neighbours to look for protection , maybe you should n't bully them so much . 
  nope , we went to norway and stole their wood . 
  i was not talking about daesh . 
  i was talking about society as a whole .
