  but other countries have better results despite having imigrants themselves too . 
  the only logical conclusion is that the uk government is failing , not the immigrants . 
  otherwise other countries would have had the same results , but they do n't . 
  if it 's a choice , then why are immigrants better at integrating in other countries ? 
  it 's the government who fails to make them see why they should integrate and then help them with integrating . 
  they do n't '' choose '' anything , the government just fails to make language courses and other integration processes available for these people . 
  i understood your comments wrong then , as i assumed you were only blaming the immigrants themselves . 
  well , the way he said it sounded like he was blaming immigrants for those things , not the government . 
  and i believe the government is too blame here . 
  france and germany also have somalis and religious schools . 
  we dutch have as well and apparently we rank very high . 
  could n't it be that the english simply have a terrible education system , which , together with bad integration policies could lead to results like these ? 
  it 's not like other countries do n't have immigrants , though . 
  so why are the english still doing worse than say , france and germany ? 
   racism , as in believing that some are genetically inferior that 's actually not what racism means . 
  racism is simply discrimination based on skin colour or ethnicity/nationality . 
  yup , we 've had an epidemic among ultra conservative christians here quite recently . 
  one child even died . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.rivm.nl/onderwerpen/m/mazelen/mazelenepidemie_2013_2014 ) apparently there were at least 2600 known cases of measles , but the estimates are much higher . 
  edit : it is very weird that / u/10ebbor10 's comment is getting downvotes , even though it is simply stating a fact . 
  here in the netherlands they are mostly religious people that believe vaccines are against the will of god or something weird like that . 
  the press has n't been wild about it nowadays because the house visits started several years ago . 
  allah akbar is a simple expression that could mean anything between '' i am happy '' to '' smite this infidel '' . 
  so you have to look at the context in which it is used . 
  '' kominverzet '' is very specific , but still we should look at the context . 
  the police apparantly deemed it inciting within the context in these cases . 
  people are not visited by the police for simply tweeting #kominverzet . 
  yes , anything could be used to incite violence . 
  this phrase however , is used to incite violence . 
  this is why the police is cautious . 
  note that there were only warnings and no accusations . 
  you are aware that the phrase has been used to justify several violent crimes ? 
  this includes arson , the storming of city halls and refugee camps , verbal sexual harassment and assault . 
  so it 's not surprising that the police is cautious of those that use it . 
   thousands here in the netherlands ? 
  probably '' only '' a couple of hundred people and you can bet your ass they are being monitored and have had house visits . 
  stories of police officers visiting radicalized youth hit the news years ago , but apparantly that has been forgotten . 
  your parliament accepted the treaty themselves . 
  it does n't restrict their sovereignity at all . 
   this makes no sense which is why they are called '' extreme '' . 
  and ofcourse this gets downvoted ... 
  if they say england in the news , then it 's usually about england specifically though ... 
  racism is discrimination based on nationality , ethnicity or skin colour . 
  '' race '' is a term that does n't have any scientific consensus . 
  so yeah , it was a racist remark . 
   we clearly can not save everyone we van clearly save everyone that has made it out of syria , saying that we ca n't is simply a lie . 
  * of convicted perpetrators in a gang . 
  the article itself says that you ca n't do anything with this data . 
  you have editorialised it 's title and ignored the part of the text you do n't agree with . 
  geert wilders is n't left at all . 
  he has several left policies in his party program , but he immedeately dropped these when he got a considerable amount of seats . 
  the pvv also votes nearly the same as the vvd , the traditional right wing party . 
  wilders only pretends to be left to get votes . 
  according to this article , arabs are n't over-represented at all . 
  only asians are and they have been in the uk for a very long time . 
  you 're right and i do believe their thoughts and opinions should n't be feared , but we should fear people becoming violent . 
  their actions should be discouraged , but we ca n't control ones thoughts . 
  except that most immigrants and refugees do n't support this ideology , in fact , they 're fleeing from it . 
  your society is n't dying or is in any sort of danger because of immigration . 
  millions of muslims life their lives in peace and do n't cause any harm . 
  i can easily say that there 's something wrong with christianity because of christian terrorists in africa . 
  if you handle it correctly , it should n't be a problem . 
  why should it be a big deal ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with ramadan . 
   lower house actually the '' eerste kamer '' or senate , is the upper house . 
  the tweede kamer is the lower house . 
  we have hearses like yours , but we call them dead body cars . 
  they did intentionally kill them . 
  they just thought they were someone else , but it still is murder . 
  not everyone in those 50 % fits your description ( i 'd say very few actually do ) most speak dutch just fine , work and have ( roughly ) the same values as most dutch people . 
  they just identify as something else . 
  obviously we should still promote integration to speed the process up even more . 
  i know many that do , perhaps you do n't , but that does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  half of them apparantly feel dutch according to this survey . 
  well , that 's literally the opposite of my experiences , i know tons of friendly muslims . 
  even refugees . 
  so what about people who call themselves '' fashion police '' ? 
  according to your logic , they should be jailed too . 
  both , actually . 
  what education have you completed ? 
  am i a better person if you have been lower educated then i have ? 
  ugh , i just hope you 're trolling . 
  would explain why your account only started posting less than two weeks ago . 
  kkk ? 
  several seperatist organisations until not very long ago ? 
  so you do believe you 're better than them , simply because you 've had an education . 
  you know that the people that are illiterate , did n't choose to be ? 
  you just use them to feel better about yourself and it 's disgusting . 
   nevermind that israel was a defender in every conflict they have participated in outside the suez war and their founding civil war . 
  '' yeah , never mind israel was the defender in every war except the most important ones '', 
  what ? 
  they 're not in the western ` tier ' ? 
  as in , we are better than them ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  actually , that is just his party program . 
  the pvv votes nearly the same as the vvd , the '' traditional '' right wing party . 
  yeah , i got a little confused . 
  again , you mean both books , right ? 
  edit : apart from the pork eating obviously, 
  you mean both books , right ?
