  some were even mumbling about ukraine being guilty of it . 
  that 's literally impossible . 
  like he said , ukraine is n't even an eu candidate . 
  we have a similar treaty with chile for god 's sake , and i do n't see them joining . 
  unfortunately , the main opponents of this treaty did n't actually care about ukraine . 
  they just wanted our government to look bad or start their own political career , so they lied about these things and everyone just ate it up . 
  and i 'm not implying that you are implying that :p, 
  it always amuses when people call prince bernard a nazi . 
  yes , he was in the ss , but only because it was expected of the upper class to join the army back then . 
  he ended up personally fighting the germans when they invaded . 
  i really do not get why people think he is a nazi sympathiser . 
  belgium 's mussels are all caught here ... 
  sadly , belgium stole our mussels . 
  they could have picked salt herring . 
  but that would be democratic and the national governments do n't want a democratic eu . 
   the intention of the bar in the first article is clear given their signage . 
  yes , it 's clear that they do n't want any homophobes to come and ruin the night for everyone else . 
  it feels like there is an incident behind this specific wording . 
   yet gay only hotels continue to exist without reprimand . 
  most gay hotels specifically cater to gay people . 
  that does n't mean that they refuse straight people ( or get away with doing it )  if i tried to have a cake made with something along the lines of `` fuck the tories '' or `` screw the snp '' , and was refused service and took it to court , i would not win the case , despite those being political opinions . 
  that 's because you 're using vulgar language . 
  you could probably get away with ordering a cake with '' better together '' or '' labour rulez '' . 
   this was a ruling pertaining to sexual identity more than anything else . 
  that 's what you * feel * , but not what the judge actually ruled . 
  your own articles are proving you wrong . 
  the owner of the gay bar in the first article does n't refuse straight people at all . 
  the hotel in the second article is being investigated for discrimination . 
  and the bakery was n't accused of refusing gay people , but of refusing to make a cake with someone elses political opinion . 
  there is no indication that a cake shop doing the opposite would get away with it . 
  can you give an example of a right that only applies to gay people ? 
  because as a gay person , i 'm genuinely curious of what i 'm missing out on , since i do n't feel like i have more rights than others . 
  ... that was piet heijn ... michiel de ruyter defeated the french and english navies . 
  but i know it 's hard to keep up . 
  we 've defeated so many countries . 
  unfortunately , they kinda got what they wanted . 
  fortunately , it only took a short while . 
  you make it to easy !, 
  yeah , at first i thought : but we are a founding member of the european community !, 
  and then it hit me ... ; _ ;, 
  ugh , this again . 
  limburgish nor frisian nor any other dutch language/dialect is older than standard dutch . 
  standard dutch comes from hollandic and is a derivative of low franconian , just like limburgish . 
  also , as far as i know , limburgish only has some french vocabulary . 
  because of the language split in the country . 
  the only things flanders and wallonia have in common are their religion and the fact that they were not part of the netherlands that got their independence from spain . 
  giving up the annoying part of limburg , but still keeping a respectable amount of clay ? 
  if we get zeeuws-vlaanderen , i 'm in . 
  more because the british were afraid of a united netherlands , so they supported some rebels to divide it . 
  why did n't you let us keep flanders at least ? 
  hey !, 
  we only started murdering you when you started the rebellion . 
  what actually happened was that the dutch king was pushing the walloons into speaking dutch . 
  the wallonian nobles did n't like that and they also did n't like to pay for the industrialisation of the north . 
  thus they rebelled and claimed religious freedom and nationalism as the real cause to convince the flemings . 
  ( got ta get that coastal access ) the british wanted to steal dutch colonies and figured that would be easier when the country was small so they supported the belgian . 
  the prussians could n't care less but the french should n't be able to swoop in and take the new country . 
  hence the neutrality . 
  but the dutch held wallonia ... :(, 
  i agree with the americans . 
  why * is * belgium a country ? 
  so the entire country of iceland is europe 's biggest volcano then ? 
  only 5 percent of morrocans have been official suspects of a crime . 
  having encountered the police can also mean that the police is disproportianally targeting morrocans . 
  which is a very real possibility according to the researchers in your article . 
  anyway , generalising an entire ethnicity and saying things that could be interpreted as calling for an ethnic cleansing are not the solution . 
   because they 're criminals and cause trouble only a minority does . 
  that was exactly the case last time we saw similar headlines . 
  there 's also a couple around the large rivers . 
  oh i know we have some beautiful villages . 
  i was just making a joke about the fact that in most of these lists , mountainous villages are very over represented . 
  in fact i have been to both thorn and giethoorn , but never to niehove eventhough i live in the area ... 
  how to become a beautiful village : step 1 : have mountains step 2 : do n't have no mountains, 
  the netherlands did put up a good fight though . 
  the british were too late with the aa guns they promised so we had no choice . 
  if we had those guns , wwii might have been a lot shorter , since the germans would have an exposed flank . 
  but oh well . 
  they 've been turning it into a nature reserve over the past few years , however . 
  [ that actually happened here recently ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2134803-kind-3-gebruikt-voor-binnensmokkelen-softdrugs-in-gevangenis-vught.html ), 
  i believe it was only popular here in the netherlands around the 11th and 12th century , so it 's quite uncommon . 
  it 's called a [ '' rombisch dak '' ] ( https://nl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rombisch_dak ) in dutch . 
  nice whataboutism . 
  actually , geert wilders himself has n't voiced any homophobic views . 
  but there are stories ( no substantial ones ) of homosexuals being bullied within his movement and ofcourse he has allied himself with openly homophobic parties in europe ... so he 's most likely neutral , but probably because being a homophobe would be political suicide . 
  there 's also the [ leaning tower of bedum !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cd/bedum_-_walfriduskerk_over_boterdiep.jpg/800px-bedum_-_walfriduskerk_over_boterdiep.jpg ), 
  ugh , we 've had this here in the netherlands too past week . 
  i hate it . 
  [ it 's on their own website . 
  ] ( https://www.bewegingdenk.nl/duurzame-samenleving/denk-wil-gaskraan-groningen-verder-open ) they want to turn the entire '' risk area '' into a nature reserve by forcibly relocating the entire population . 
  i do n't think they realise how large this area is and that the city of groningen is also a part of it . 
  thing is , there are people actually pushing this idea . 
  the political party denk for example . 
  which is why i was so defensive . 
  i simply ca n't believe that a significant amount of people actually think this is the right thing to do . 
  yeah , no . 
  if it comes to that , you can bet your ass that the province will declare independence . 
  we 're actual people , you know ? 
  should i say hi from kylo ren when i see him ? 
  hey , i know a mexican guy in groningen !,
