  it was a very surreal experience , i guess some people just have different hobbies . 
  not where i live . 
  very interesting !, 
  my area was indeed part of the hanse . 
  funny , we say ` moi ' here as well . 
  also depends on the region . 
  in the north people say ` moi ' or ` joo ' and you stick your right index finger in te air sometimes instead of nodding . 
  there actually is an ecological party ( partij voor de dieren ) that 's against the eu here ... 
  to be fair , at this point it might as well be tradition . 
  the effects of chain smoking will last for decades , though . 
  eh , putin comes pretty close ... 
  if you 're gon na mention zuidbroek , you should also mention westerbroek en noordbroek !, 
  there is also hongerige wolf ( hungry wolf ) and doodstil ( dead silent ) here in groningen . 
  edit : and how could i forget schaaphok ( sheep pen ) and denemarken ( denmark ) . 
  and ofcourse hoogezand-sappemeer ( high sand - juice lake ), 
  last time , their numbers actually went down towards the elections and then the actual vote still disappointed . 
  so patrick was a genetically modified starfish all along huh ? 
  that 's because they always use some typical flemish words in these tests . 
  and since many of these words are still spelled in a very old-fashioned/complicated way , the flemish tend to win . 
  but i believe the dutch are wayy better at grammar because the flemings often use the french word order . 
  that 's the point . 
  not all of them . 
  many of them are of british descent . 
  actually , the clinton foundation is a legitimate charity and there is no evidence of hillary ever using foundation funds to fund her campaign . 
  lol exactly . 
  i have more trust in strangers than i have in most people i know . 
  just be wary that the guards do n't start singing their anthem ... 
  now that 's true emancipation . 
  [ 3 ] from [ here ] ( https://nl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/veluwe ) . 
  and the veluwe is only nature because a human induced ecological disaster rendered the area useless for agriculture . 
  it was actually the cda who said that . 
  farmers ca n't do anything wrong according to the cda . 
  those responsible are the politicians that has been cutting the nvwa 's funding for the past decade . 
  the cda and vvd should be held accountable . 
  actually , the security guard was trying to save the fries . 
  wasting fries is a criminal offence in belgium . 
  just remember , ours is the original , the rest is just a bunch of cheap copies . 
  parts of oceania are already in the eu , so there is precedent !, 
   the pictures of dead euroepan children by muslim terror attacks were n't staged , yet those were the ones that were deleted from social media outlets or did n't even show up in newspapers and television . 
  facebook always deletes gore , but nevertheless it 's not unusual to see videos and pictures if victims on television , in the newspaper or here on reddit . 
  you are lying and you know it . 
  that 's just a straight up lie . 
  yeah , i can see what they were going for , but this just looks very kitschy . 
  though maybe the original buildings were already kitsch . 
  i 'm not really a fan of rococo art and buildings, 
  only the pm , right ? 
  or was it running through wheat fields ? 
  either way it was something abhorrent and depraved . 
  yeah , this comment chain gave me a weird d\u00e9ja vu feeling . 
   mostly lit all night only the belgians do that , actually . 
  i have a similar problem here ( near sappemeer ) . 
  it 's not as extreme but it still bugs me . 
  especially since quite recently the local municipality blocked the construction of a large solar plant because it would ruin the view . 
  instead , we 're getting more greenhouses !, 
  actually , horses are one of b the only animals that * can * keep up with humans . 
  this is because they also sweat like us . 
  ofcourse a horse would stand no chance against cyclists , that 's way too fast , more comparable to sprinting . 
  one farmer in my region has been very vocally complaining about this . 
  she said that she could n't have known this would happen because she did n't know fipronil was in the new pesticide she was using . 
  i 'm glad they did something about that shit , farmers should always be aware what they 're using and it would be ridiculous if they got away with such negligence . 
  thankfully , the fipronil concentration is so low that you 're only at risk if you 've been consuming these eggs for years and it 's only been present for a few months . 
  just look at guy de lusignan . 
  he was only king because his wife was queen , but he held all the power anyway , because that 's what kings do . 
  we dutch could , too !, 
  that 's more a problem of bad planning and governance than a funding problem . 
  infrastructure is getting better because they finally got their shit together . 
  i do believe we should be more strict on developing countries with particularly abhorrent prisons , but i also believe we should strive for only the best within the eu . 
  we should also be realistic and some countries simply do n't have the means to have prisons as good as ours , but belgium does . 
  i do n't really mind holding eu members to higher standards than developing countries . 
  there 's actual dutch subtitles on that video . 
  as if it was made for this moment . 
  maybe they 'll use locks to prevent a current ? 
  i actually know someone who failed such a test here in the netherlands ... 
  he does not like talking about it . 
  everytime a question about political and educational structure was asked i just defaulted to my own country 's structure . 
  i actually passed the test ... 
  when fred teeven was public prosecutor , he made a deal with a criminal where he gave him back some of his seized criminal money in exchange for evidence . 
  this was normal practice for very long but a few years before teeven did it , the practice was banned . 
  a decade later , teeven had become state secretary of the justice department . 
  eventually , rumours of the deal surfaced , but teeven denied and his boss , minister of justice ivo opstelten said that the receipts ( bonnetjes in dutch ) of teeven 's dealing with this criminal had gone lost . 
  the scandal died down until the bonnetjes , which were thought lost , were released to the public by a journalist . 
  these revealed that both opstelten and teeven were lying about the bonnetjes and were trying to cover it up . 
  their position had become untenable and they both resigned and were replaced . 
  now , once again , everybody believed the affair was done but oh boy we were in for a treat . 
  the speaker of the parliament , anoucka van miltenburg , who is party member of opstelten and teeven , was at the time of the affair given the `` lost '' bonnetjes , but she destroyed the documents . 
  now she too got the axe . 
  and even later , opstelten 's replacement , another party member called aad van der steur , had to resign because he too knew about the bonnetjes . 
  all in all , it was a huge debacle all within the same governing party , the vvd . 
  and yet the government survived somehow . 
  the bonnetjesaffaire is the most famous one . 
  i guess things are different in sweden , but our current government had been through scandals that were way bigger than this . 
   this time its because they have royally fucked up and several key people in the government knew about it for two years and ignored the security police warnings . 
  ah , sounds like an average tuesday . 
  that 's the face of a dog that does n't regret anything . 
  i bet he got that fox . 
   opposition is calling for no confidence votes and ministers are asked to questioning wait , is n't that normal in sweden ? 
  these things happen all the time over here . 
  not for long if they can annex foreign territories . 
  i do n't know man . 
  our democracy is not under threat .
