  what some crazy lunatics do is seperate from that . 
  do anders breivik 's actions tell us that western society has become fully racist ? 
  yes , homosexuality is quite common , and is seeing more and more acceptance . 
  however , there is still a long way ahead . 
  i 've worked with refugees , some of whom were openly gay to their neigbours . 
  they tell me that many have already accepted them and it gets easier to talk with others over time . 
  yeah , attacks on gays , though rare , are almost only done by white men . 
  these same men are also the ones who are the loudest on the backwardsness of foreignors . 
  even if i agreed with them , i could never trust the far right ; they will turn against lgbt 's as soon as they take power . 
  and this change could happen with these people . 
  in fact , i 've seen the change already . 
  '' violent attacks are fine as long as i agree with the perpetrators . '', 
  aaaand [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/46v0bc/bautzen_in_saxony_building_to_be_used_to/d08d5eg ) it is . 
  took them pretty long this time . 
  what should the bosians and croats have done ? 
  just bend over and surrender ? 
  the yugoslav government should have accepted the fact that these people did n't want to be a part of yugoslavia anymore , instead of '' preventing rebellions '' . 
   he 's the ~ ~ serbian ~ ~ pm , it 's kind of a job requirement . 
  ftfy, 
  yeah , i was aware of that . 
  but those cities , together with zwolle would top the rankings easily . 
  that seems to be the reason they did n't include them . 
  it 's just unfair to not include cities that are famous for being bike friendly . 
  the criteria also seem to be more based on the rankers ' feeling than actual facts . 
  only three of the thirteen criteria involve numbers . 
  one of those is impossible for dutch cities to preform good on because we all cycle anyway , so there 's little room for growth . 
  not to speak about the free 12 points that can be added because they like the city . 
  this is not an actual index , just an opinion piece in the form of a ranking . 
  i 'm not salty ( okay a little ) but i just think that this is a questionable form of marketing . 
  i have no real experience in that city , but from what i 've heard it 's quite good there . 
  5th i guess ? 
  yeah , it 's quite telling that cities like groningen and zwolle are n't in this list , even though they are considered to be the most bike friendly cities in our country . 
  they seem to have deliberately left out these cities so copenhagen would be higher . 
  even funnier , amsterdam is considered to be the worst city to bike in and yet it scores the best out of all dutch cities in this index ... 
  my point is that nobody actually attributes the mass murder that happened in these camps to the polish people . 
  people use '' polish '' in the geographical sense . 
  who does ? 
  many people here claim that but nobody has given a proper example . 
  it just feels very weird to me that poles are offended by something so trivial . 
  nobody ever claimed the nazis were n't planning on exterminating the poles , though . 
  because that 's what we 're talking about . 
  the polish nation , since the polish state did n't exist during ww2 . 
  i 'm not trolling . 
  i know that the poles were still murdered and opressed way more then the french or dutch , but they were not put in death camps like auschwitz unless they were jewish or in the resistance . 
  remember the parent comment of this thread claims that the jews were n't the main target of these death camps . 
  yes , slavs were not exterminated the way the jews were . 
  however they were obviously still horribly mistreated . 
  a nation is , though . 
  but they did n't put them in death camps like auschwitz . 
   abstract entities such as institutions , companies , etc. 
  those are definitely not abstract entities . 
  people from other occupied countries got put on trial as well though . 
  many people actively joined the nazis all over europe , including poland . 
  his point is not that all jews were innocent , but that you ca n't blame an entire ethnicity for something only a select few did . 
  that 's not at all what i said and you know it . 
  besides , you 're ignoring anything else i just said . 
  you truly believe no poles colaborated at all ? 
  because that 's just ... ignorant . 
  no , that 's actually not stupid . 
  it 's good te be critical of older generations . 
  that 's how a society changes and moves beyond racism and anti-semitism . 
  by your logic it would be stupid to critisize muslims for being anti-semitic , and yet this sub applauds it . 
  also , the germans were also pretty bad here in the netherlands , do we all hate the germans ? 
  my point was that most people move beyond their hatred for an entire group and aim it at those who deserve it . 
  you should do the same . 
  '' it 's not justified , but it 's justified '' the japanese tortured half my family and the germans basically enslaved the other halve . 
  yet , i do not hate both these peoples . 
  is that weird ? 
  so anti-semitism is justified ? 
  because some jews collaborated ? 
  many poles also collaborated ; can i hate all poles now as well ? 
  yes , it could be done . 
  but that was n't orban 's plan either . 
  merkel and the rest of the eu initially planned to have the refugees stay where they landed , but some countries straight up refused to send aid to greece and italy . 
  so merkel helped them by relieving them . 
  his '' solution '' would be to have greece keep the refugees . 
  at least merkel tried to help the greeks . 
  what has that got to do with anything discussed here ? 
  you 're only proving his point . 
  coins are cheaper actually , because they last much longer . 
  and forging them is not profitable . 
   it 's like the 1 euro cent , useless and costs money . 
  in germany , they still use the 1 and 2 eurocent coins ... 
  probably also holds true for many other countries . 
  i have no idea why , since they 're completely useless . 
  but that sounds boring ... and it would n't really surprise me that mussolini would use propaganda to make the people eat rice . 
  the pictures are just 3d renders . 
  you wo n't be able to get a picture like that in the murky dutch rivers . 
  though that is true , the vatican dropped the old testament fairly recently . 
  and not all christians are catholic , many people still believe that the old testament is still official canon . 
  just like most western countries . 
  facebook , probably . 
  unfortunately many people just make up statistics and post them on facebook pages dedicated to shitting on the government ( or pushing some extremist agenda ) . 
  even worse , many people have decided to stop reading conventional media and only take in information from these pages . 
  we dutch have a running joke that on every statistic , we score worse than finland , but not this time . 
  take that , finland !, 
   immigrant neighborhoods oh my god !, 
  they have * foreigners * there ? 
  may god help those poor native frankfurters . 
  this is probably not what you meant , but it 's how you come across .
