  that 's how the separation of powers work in my country . 
  are you saying my country does n't understand the trias politica ? 
  if the powers were seperated , the supreme justices would be appointed by the other supreme justices . 
  and that 's why it 's surprising . 
   if anything the united states checks & balance have held up remarkably well . 
  except not really ... 
  in a truly functional political system he would n't even have been elected and even if he was , he 'd be out in no time . 
  just read up on [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_balkenende_cabinet ) that 's pretty much exactly what would 've happened if trump got into power in my country . 
  that 's an important part of the problem . 
  in the us it 's even more worrysome that the president can appoint the supreme court . 
  that 's a huge violation of the separation of powers and will undoubtedly cause problems if trump stays in power . 
  in the uk the biggest problem is that many of the people 's rights can easily be revoked because of the lack of a true constitution . 
   they fucking removed their legally appointed president ffs !!, 
  to be fair , the country probably would n't be in much better shape than it now is if he stayed in power . 
  yes . 
  if you ever talked with a refugee ( most of whom are just average people ) you probably would tone down your opinion . 
  to be fair , with the way the uk and us are set up , it 's quite surprising this shit did n't happen earlier . 
   family values that term is almost solely used to discriminate against homosexuals and to talk shit about abortion . 
  that 's pretty evil if you ask me . 
  ever met a refugee , or even a muslim ? 
  it was very normal to bike until the fifties , they just returned in the seventies . 
  more like : '' i really believe the environment is important , but my party is currently being held hostage by the almost-far-right wing so i 'll choose my career over my country . '', 
  he 'll step down when he loses an election . 
  and at that point the party would be in complete shambles anyway . 
  see : cda . 
  it 's been 7 years and the party is still not even halve as big as it was . 
  pretty sure luxembourg only has the upper part of small rivers . 
  those keep themselves clean . 
  exactly , you guys helped us in the eighty years ' war and ww2 but apart from that you never invaded . 
  though not for a lack of trying ... 
  instead , we invaded you !, 
  pfah , i did n't know the italians were such prudes . 
  he means that we used to have another one . 
  all i see is a bunch of brown people in a nice neighbourhood ... 
  `` straight people are more equal than others '', 
  and that tradition was discriminatory . 
  german efficiency at it 's finest . 
  that 's not what they 're doing . 
  they 'll close the plants as they become outdated . 
  thing is , cycling was hugely popular in the early 20th century , but was beaten by the car in the fifties . 
  so cycling is a longstanding tradition , we just took a twenty year break . 
  drenthe has hills , though . 
  colonialism is a legitimate strategy !, 
  intersex is a legitimate medical condition mostly caused by chromosomal mistakes . 
  we 're playing ironman and shorter de jure drift times disable achievements !, 
  and this is why you should take your kids on trips to the countryside or nature if you live in the city . 
  their bodies will get used to the pollen . 
  same works with food allergies ; have your kids regularly eat nuts , cheese and other common allergens and it will lower the chance of developing allergies . 
  was n't that more of a diversion ? 
  it was both . 
  there were a lot of immigrants among the victims . 
  he specifically targeted that camp because of the diversity . 
  it 's actually a revolution top depose charles and to reinstate the house of orange-nassau . 
  long live king willy !, 
  i actually live next to one too !, 
  it was renovated 5 years ago after it had burnt down . 
  most are still used regularly . 
  these mills would be used to pump water . 
  however , their job has mostly been taken by more modern `` gemalen '' that work on electricity . 
  the milling is generally just for show and to keep the equipment from rusting over . 
  sshh , you 're ruining it . 
  but the franks come from the netherlands !, 
  france is rightful dutch clay !, 
  uh ... macron is a centrist , so i think leftist do like him . 
  just not as much as hamon . 
  66,1 % of the french electorate . 
  \\  * implying a german would n't go for glorious curry *, 
  then you 're using the word `` liberal '' wrong . 
  labour is social democratic , not liberal . 
  liberal only means left in the us . 
  in europe , liberal is usually used to describe right wing parties . 
  corbyn is anti eu ... 
  uhhh , the libdems actually gained seats . 
  also the tories are liberals as well ... or are you american ? 
  then you should change your flair !, 
  lol that tory guy at the bbc right now . 
  we did n't run a nasty campaign !, 
  [ * makes nasty comment to labour guy next to him * ], 
  we used to have it here as well , but it was abolished after women got the right to vote . 
  funnily enough it was the christians who provited from these two changes eventhough they were the staunchest opponents . 
  racism against middle eastern people definitely exits . 
  morrocans will get the stink-eye all the time when just walking in the street . 
  they are refused jobs in favour of lower quality employees just because they have a different name . 
  it ofcourse is not a full explanation of why some morrocans turn to crime , but it definitely plays a role and we must n't look away from it . 
  but you 're commenting on the european subreddit ... 
  liberalism and conservatism do n't exclude each other . 
  the vvd is economically liberal and socially conservative , like most european right wing parties . 
  in the netherlands at least , it is n't seen as a problem if the formation takes a few months . 
  actually , fermenting tourists who drowned in the canals are an important ingredient in brewing amstel . 
  uhm ... woosh ? 
  it 's both . 
   its overrun with stoned tourists and junkies looking for a easy fix !, 
  that 's actually true in some areas . 
  as a result some of these areas started to enforce a tougher stance on tourists smoking weed . 
  but then the problems got even worse and the measures were quickly reversed . 
  pretty sure all our forests were gone in the early middle ages . 
  we needed to import timber from norway to build our navy in the golden age . 
  but most of his followers were dutch . 
  but that was n't with buma in charge . 
  buma is way more anti-environmentalism than balkenende was .
