  the same happened with the last government and then some parties demanded that te government should step down , but they had no legal obligation to . 
  well yeah , wilders is leading , but the the pro-eu parties are all rising as well . 
  if the current trend continues we might even have a left wing pro-eu government . 
  actually france has had military on the streets for longer than that . 
  especially at sites like the louvre . 
  also at a stabbing at a german train station . 
  turned out it was one of the dying victims ... 
  yes , but scandinavian is just a geographical term and will only annoy some pedants . 
  lomping countries like poland into eastern europe could be interpreted as an insult by `` proud '' poles . 
  that 's actually a politically loaded term in poland . 
  they consider themselves central european . 
  that 's a lot of castles . 
  so they just took the coat of arms of venice , genoa , amalfi and pisa ? 
  quite interesting , since those republics were also the most dominant naval powers of italy . 
  yeah , but / u/rafarealness specifically quoted louis xiv , who was n't beheaded , like you said . 
  he himself did n't have to deal with the consequences of his terrible reign , which is why many think he was a good king . 
  pretty good actually . 
  sure , by the end of his reign there were massive problems , but he did n't have to deal with them so he had a pretty good life . 
  they literally denied that life expectancy is rising , because , i quote : `` it 's not what we feel '' . 
  they call themselves that , but nobody believes it . 
  exactly , we almost elected a jew as our prime minister in 2010 ... 
  the pvda lost by like 2 seats , so it was pretty close . 
  there is no problem between protestants and catholics in the netherlands either . 
  it 's just ireland where it gets problematic . 
   and damage to infrastructure is because of old and/or shoddy construction . 
  or because the buildings were n't made to withstand earthquakes . 
  it 's disgusting how you try to victim blame an entire region . 
  very interesting !, 
  they probably heigtened the riverbank to prevent it from flooding . 
  they only love erdogan when they can watch from a distance . 
  but le pen wants to do the same or even worse ... 
  ... the fusing of england and scotland started 400 years and never fully completed because the kingdom of great britain was formed , making the proper unification of the countries unnecessary . 
  it 's not an assumption that aragon and castile began to fuse 500 years ago , it 's simply true . 
  how do you think history went ? 
  well yeah , but the fusing of aragon and castile started 500 years ago . 
  it 's just that it took very long because the local nobles wanted to keep power . 
  yeah , there is a reason the kurds came to help as well . 
  simply because is was trying to conquer kurdistan as well . 
  also , many of the iraqi refugees came from mosul and other occupied cities . 
   some child psychologists think that boys who have seen a naked girl may be fearful that they could lose their penis and end up looking like the girl . 
  that 's adorable . 
  are there actual rules regarding which bathroom to use ? 
  here in the netherlands it 's more like a guideline and and a woman can use the men 's room if she wants to . 
  if you 're insecure you can always use a private stall . 
  though most of the returning asylum seekers seem to be those who had no chance to be granted a refugee status , i am very happy to see many iraqis returning as more and more ground is liberated from isis . 
  this is a good indication that most refugees from the syrian conflict might actually return home once all this is over , which is the outcome everyone was hoping for . 
  the north and east did n't really suffer during the hunger winter . 
  it was more a randstad thing . 
  but one would think that in such a short time , the genes would n't have fully spread over the country yet . 
  but that should only be visible in the west , no ? 
  gavelkind succession is a bitch . 
  should 've increased crown authority when he had the chance . 
  that 's very uncommon actually and is only done when they have no idea where the suspect is . 
  this is on purpose to avoid accidentally ruining somebody 's live . 
  it 's an example of what could happen if someone 's name us plastered all around the internet . 
  well yeah , but i was talking about accents . 
  not dialects and ( sub ) languages . 
  it could . 
  but it would take days or even weeks to do such an investigation . 
  yeah , i know . 
  that 's why i said '' native '' . 
  otherwise many places would n't have an accent anymore . 
  the southern r is called soft !? 
  with some people the r is indistinguishable from the hard g. just listen to emile roemer and geert wilders . 
  the northern r is more like the norwegian and spanish r , whereas the southern r is an extreme version of the french r. both are common in europe . 
  but when a southerner makes an r it 's even worse than a hard g , so you ca n't really complain about us ... 
  the city of haarlem would come the closest to having no accent , i think . 
  the native amsterdammers have quite a thick accent compared to that , and an ugly one as well . 
  but the regions with the heaviest accent will probably be limburg , twente , friesland and groningen . 
  limburgish and frisian would easily be the ugliest accents , with limburg having weird g 's and r 's and frisian being extremely nasal.though the accents in the western cities are pretty bad too ... 
  the ged\u00e4chtniskirche is also an important ww2 remembrance place , so it could be a neo nazi . 
  but it 's too early to say at this point . 
  and some of the flaired accounts are . 
  it 's more like six account . 
  quite a lot since that 's like halve the amount of posters in this thread . 
  there 's a suspicious amount of new accounts in this thread ... 
  do n't forget the surinamese !, 
  de kerstman is only used in christmas decorations and coca-cola commercials . 
  he is a literal copy . 
  noone makes their children believe that santa brings the presents for christmas . 
  sinterklaas is the closest thing we have and it would make the map more consistent . 
  the american way of celebrating christmas ( including santa clause ) came from dutch sinterklaas combined with the british grandfather christmas . 
  so actually christmas is the american way of giving presents for saint nicholas ' day . 
  many of the other figures on this map are n't officially part of christmas either , ukraine even has sinterklaas ( saint nicholas ) , so we should too . 
  but sinterklaas is traditionally our form of giving presents for christmas . 
  just so happens we picked up the anglo tradition of giving presents on christmas itself , but decided to not adopt santa as well . 
  male gay couples still ca n't register a child to both parents . 
  one person can officially adopt the child and the other does n't have any official rights if for example a divorce would happen . 
  yeah , but it 's the protestants who keep blocking new legislation . 
  / r/thenetherlands tears down the dikes in order to increase dankness . 
  we are prepared this time . 
  was n't he an actual nazi/collaborator ? 
  does that matter in this discussion ? 
  we 're talking about the fn here , not about religious extremism or whatever you 're implying . 
  you 're being too logical , i fear . 
  that does n't have anything to do with capitalism . 
  that does n't mean that bmi is a terrible system . 
  just that we 've gotten very bad at judging what is unhealthy . 
  ` farage ' does sound awfully french ... 
  ooh i 've been there !,
