  is your name rodrigo by any chance ? 
  why do you refuse to answer the question ? 
  what values do you think the government should promote ? 
  it 's just part of the word . 
  something from the isle of man is called manx . 
  just like something from turkey is turkish . 
  yeah , but i would n't be surprised if we have like halve of europe 's creationists . 
  there 's so damn many of them here . 
  lol , there 's plenty of christians denying evolution . 
  but they usually do n't study at a university . 
  on the other hand , i did a class called evolution and diversity and a third of the students were muslim and none of them objected . 
   that 's the risk they take but why ? 
  what does the full name of the accused matter ? 
  this practice has destroyed many innocent lives because everyone can just google their name and find some crime the person did n't do . 
  but what if it turns out that one of the accused was n't part of it ? 
  he will be associated with this for the rest of his life . 
  i was not talking to you in this comment ... 
  i responded to someone who said : '' the immigrant communities voted for khan , the whites voted for the tory candidate . '', 
  besides , most immigrants are left leaning so they always vote for labour , even when they go with a white candidate . 
   great , downvotes and veiled accusation of racism . 
  well , not from me ...  immigrants like to vote one of their own , to feel represented voting for someone who is like you to represent you seems a good thing to me . 
  besides , most immigrants are left wing . 
   you are taking the coward approach to label any potential dissent as racist/nazi/whatever . 
  veiled but it 's there . 
  are you responding to the wrong comment or do you just have a victim complex . 
   if you are not with them , you are the enemy that does n't really apply to khan . 
  if anything , his opponent was trying to make khan seem like an evil muslim towards the end in a desperate attempt to win white votes . 
  why ca n't a muslim be progressive ? 
  i know plenty of progressive muslims and other religious people . 
  a lot of the things you 're saying have nothing to do with sadiq khan . 
  he 's been progressive for his entire career ... 
  not really answering the questions . 
  also , there are several areas with mostly white people who voted for khan . 
  what exactly is the problem with sadiq khan being elected ? 
  was n't he considered to be the most competent candidate ? 
  depends on where you are and how high the water is . 
  a village near me ( aptly named '' lageland '' - or low land ) will immediately get flooded if one dike breaks . 
  but the water will probably not do that much damage . 
  in fact floods used to be so common that the older buildings have wider doors : so that the inhabitants could enter with a small boat and reach the stairwell without getting off !, 
  unfortunately , there is a big change that this proposal will not make it through the senate , since the parties that voted in favour do not hold a majority there . 
  yeah , many iraqis are returning as well . 
  but the media only mentioned that , not that their home towns were libetrated from is as well ... 
  might be because the situation in damascus has been stabilised ? 
   a domestic cow lives confined , overfed , drugged , barely sees the sun light . 
  this is a blatant lie . 
  in most countries , cows ca n't be drugged . 
  they are also outside for most of the year and only go inside for most of the winter , which they do n't seem to mind . 
  ( though they do celebrate when they get to go outside again ) these bulls do not live a better live than the standard cow and saying otherwise is very disingenuous . 
  oh come on . 
  the other user had already replied to you that he was being absurdist . 
  the only person who thinks he was being serious is you . 
  the now removed commenter did n't say anything about being sarcastic or unserious . 
  do n't whine when you 're called out on your bullshit and double standards . 
  again , you are commenting in a thread were someone was advocating setting fire to buildingsee with people in it , though his comment has been remover now . 
  you can try to derail this thread , but advocating terrorism is worse than sarcastic remarks . 
  he was obviously being sarcastic ... and the comment he replied to is advocating committing attacks on government to force their opinion on everyone else . 
  yeah ... 
  it was about the placement of a asylum centre in the municipality of geldermalsen . 
  the inhabitants decided that they did n't want one and attacked the town hall at an information evening . 
  [ the riot ] ( http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/4184144/raadszaal-geldermalsen-ontruimd-rellen-bij-vergadering-azc.html ) the article says that protestors stormed the city hall and threw heavy fireworks through the windows . 
  [ this article ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2111197-geldermalsen-krijgt-definitief-geen-azc.html ) explains why the local politicians decided to cancel the arrangements ; they believed that there was no support for an asylum centre amongst the people of the town . 
  ... merkel is definitely not a populist . 
  she is n't even a liberal or from the left . 
  no it did n't . 
  what did work however , was storming a city hall and trying to set it on fire while everyone was still in it . 
  terrorism works if you do it properly , i guess . 
  they 're actually mostly rightists these days, 
  even better : is violence never justified , even against the likes of isis ? 
  the context of these passages explains what is meant with '' wrong '' . 
  it 's usually murder or rape . 
  but your source conveniently leaves those parts out . 
  you also forget that the bible says similar things ( an eye for an eye ... ? ), 
  oh yeah , africa is full of christian zealots . 
  ... none of those passages demand that all unbelievers be killed . 
  only those who did wrong to true believers . 
  the innocent ones just go to hell . 
  it even says that unbelievers can only go to hell if they willingly refuse islam . 
  that 's not at all different from the bible . 
  if anyone is distorting the truth , it 's the one cherrypicking verses and leaving out the context . 
  many ( if not all ) of the scriptures you are referring to are not in the quran . 
  they were made by wahabbists several hundred years after the prophet 's death and many other scholars reject them . 
  the problem with islam is that any scholar can just write a piece of text and claim it as the truth . 
  some lunatics can then cherrypick for these pieces to justify their backwards believes . 
   the little fundamental buddhist groups self emolate for their cause in tibet , killing themselves . 
  or the '' little '' group in myanmar attacking muslim neighbourhoods and killing dozens all in one day . 
  you could also say that christianity was an important motive for breivik , though it was not the only factor in play . 
  that 's an ad hominem , ad personam means '' on an individual basis '' according to the oxford dictionary . 
  besides , the ad hominem was n'the the worst part of the comment you replied on . 
  that 's not what ad personam means ... 
  us and germany are centre right . 
  france is centre left . 
  iirc it 's pretty big in the us as well . 
  and i do n't think many europeans have seen a real joust , just jousting acts at medieval fairs and the like . 
  let 's keep the animal abuse out of the olympics please ... at least in jousting it 's the riders getting hurt . 
  i believe it means the journalist is writing from belgrade . 
  surely they ca n't be that stupid ? 
  but you have to be walking for that game . 
  i ca n't imagine someone this important simply abandoning his post like that . 
  it basically is . 
  sadly it happens all over western europe .
