  the finnish situation can be better compared to 17th century navarre , which definitely was considered a country . 
  fact is , finland was not a part of russia at the time , but a fully independent country . 
  de jure , that is . 
  de facto it was a part of the russian empire because it was ruled in personal union with it . 
  if with some places you mean brabant , then yes . 
  also the hair was actually quite normal in the nineties ... 
  this is not the official voting ballot and every municipality distributes their own . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are n't any rules concerning this voting list so the design can vary between municipalities . 
  a coalition without the vvd is out of the question , unless the left wing parties can convince the cda , which is basically the dutch version of your cdu , so that 's unlikely . 
  this coalition would be : cda+d 66 + gl+sp+p vda . 
  the most likely coalition would be either vvd+cda+d 66 + gl , but gl are , like all green parties , quite left and would maybe not enter a coalition with so many right wing parties . 
  if so , then the only logical coalition would be the same as above , but with pvda and cu instead of gl . 
  pvda is our labour party and cu is a more left wing and more conservative cda . 
  forgot to mention that a coalition with the pvv is also `` not . 
  going . 
  happen . '', 
  according our pm . 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  that 's just insane . 
  all polls gave trump a reasonable chance to win , sure hillary had a bigger chance , but that did n't mean she would definitely win . 
  that 's not as bad as the dutch jihadis who defected from is and were then presumably rounded up an killed after a skirmish . 
  iirc , the dutch jihadis defected after one dutch member tried to go home but was captured and killed . 
  nobody cares , really . 
  being a city does n't give any useful advantages . 
   he meant theo van gogh was murdered by a muslim . 
  that does n't really makes sense since he was talking about fortuyn and his party in the rest of that bit . 
  at around 38:00 geert blatantly lies about the murder of pim fortuin . 
  fortuin was killed by a radical environmentalist who was n't a muslim or even an immigrant . 
  he 's since said he misspoke and meant to say theo van gogh , but through the rest of the sentence he 's clearly talking about fortuin . 
  nice whataboutism . 
  we all know karel de grote was dutch , though . 
  pretty poorly , unfortunately . 
  they are almost as over represented in crime as morrocans are and morrocans are considered to be the least integrated minority . 
  you wo n't really hear about this because it does n't fit with the narratives of most media and political parties . 
  iirc , the surinamese population in the netherlands is more than half that of the total population of surinam . 
  a third of the country emigrated after they got independence . 
  the company i assume you 're talking about is even called `` friesche vlag '' . 
  which means frisian flag . 
  i think he meant the '' prakken '' part . 
  though i know people who not only do n't prak their potatoes , they even forbid their children to prak !, 
  the moluccans were also given jobs when it became clear they would n't be leaving . 
  i mean , it 's quite tame as far as sex goes . 
  80 % ... now i really need to see a source for * that * figure . 
  and the moroccans were also intended to return , but they did n't . 
  someone from the maluku islands that are controlled ( or occupied depending on who you ask ) by indonesia . 
  the reason they largely failed to integrate is quite complicated , so i 'll try to explain . 
  when it became clear that indonesia would become independent from the netherlands , the moluccans and the papuans asked to either remain a colony or become independent as well . 
  they just did n't want to be a part of indonesia . 
  the dutch and british governments promised that they would become independent countries , but indonesia wanted to have the regions . 
  when indonesia officially achieved independence the un decided that it would inherit the complete area of the dutch east indies for the time being . 
  the moluccans were very angry about this , so the dutch government offered to host any moluccans who wanted to in the netherlands until the situation was cleared up . 
  in the meantime the netherlands and the uk promised to push for the independence of the island group . 
  the moluccans were housed in temporary arrangements , some of these were the same camps the germans used to keep jews until the went on to larger camps . 
  in the end this resulted in the moluccans living in paralel societies in the netherlands . 
  the problem of moluccan independence was never solved and indonesia annexed the island group completely , in papua , the indonesian government even committed genocide . 
  this led to great animosity between the moluccans and the dutch government , which led to several moluccan youth to commit terror attacks in the country . 
  i hope this helps you understand the difficult situation . 
  funny thing is , we already fucked it up in the fifties with the moluccans . 
  we put them in segregated neighbourhoods and concentration camps ( and i 'm not exaggerating here ) and the moluccans continue to be a problem group even now , there have even been terrorist attacks by moluccans in the seventies . 
  and then we did exactly the same in the eighties because obviously it was different this time ... 
  there 's a special place in hell for people who ride those abominations . 
  i hear they share it with people who get off their bikes to use a pedestrian crossing . 
  and arubans are even more criminal than morrocans and the surinamese are third . 
  it 's disingenuous to single out morrocans only . 
  the real problem is that we essentially created gettos by putting all immigrants in the same area . 
  well , he did post an article that stated it . 
  though it 's still not sure that it 's actually true . 
  greece is almost completely in venezuela , actually ... 
  i love how most of them quietly scuttle away when the transvestite gets close . 
  and that some of them could n't even hide their disgust when they were being interviewed . 
  they were just as much immigrants as russian soldiers in ukraine are on vacation . 
  literally every state at the time was like that . 
  ah yes , the roman empire was such a failure . 
  total disaster , sad !, 
  what a pathetic excuse . 
  you make blanket statements about same sex couples just because you * feel * children might need male and female role models . 
  without any science behind your statement . 
  especially considering there are numerous studies disproving your statement . 
  wow , this is probably the most arrogant comment i 've ever read on reddit . 
  funny thing is , many people i know who live on the countryside ( me included ) have a shorter commute then people who live in the city . 
  and why is that ? 
  what is wrong with gay couples adopting a child ? 
   there is a well documented correlation between being raised by both biological parents and generally doing better in life than people who were raised by only one parent . 
  that 's irrelevant since we 're talking about same sex * couples * . 
   a consequence of growing up around male and female role models . 
  there is no data to back that up . 
  you ca n't critisize the science of studies you disagree with to then pull a claim from your ass without anything to back it up . 
  well , his mother did n't have a fully indonesian parent either is what i was trying to say . 
  yeah , it originally had hero brinkman . 
  but they fotoshopped his face out of it when he stepped out of the party . 
  `` indonesian descent '' is a bit misleading . 
  his mother was an indo , a mix between a european and indonesian . 
  iirc wilders ' last fully indonesian ancestor is his great grandmother , so he 's barely indonesian . 
   last movie ugh , if only that was the last movie . 
  pretty sure having an affair is a job requirement for french presidents ... 
  they also dabble with conspiracy theories from time to time . 
  and pretty much the entire party is part of a religious sect . 
  high ranking party members have publicly stated that they want to abolish gay marriage ... 
  we 're on a draw right now !, 
  but since they only need one mp from the opposition to vote in their favour to push legislation through , it 's not really a problem .
