i do n't think friesland should be that big on this map , it should just be friesland . 
  unless the frisians are planning an invasion , ofcourse . 
  i also read on a dutch news site that the us does n't want to say wether they tapped merkel 's phone in the past or not . 
  i already knew about the evil beings part , i just had never heard of the story that zwarte piet was based off a slave driver . 
  thanks for the extra info , though , i 'm always interested in other cultures ' traditions . 
  now that is hilarious, 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  it seems plausible , but i think we would 've known it if it were true . 
  so you are literally defending terrorists ... reading all these comments makes me really sick . 
  i hope the increase of neo-nazism on this sub ( and europe in general ) is only just a short , reactionary fase . 
  apart from the funny names ... that would actually be a nice roadtrip . 
  perhaps if you said : '' the jews were deliberatley send to the middle-east to destabilize the region '' ? 
  probably golden dawn , fn , pvv and the like . 
  especially fn has a lot of supporters . 
  basically any city in the netherlands that is n't part of the randstad . 
  and even most cities in the randstad are underappreciated ... 
  well , the first indonesians that came here were mostly not of mixed decent . 
  however , most have been educated by the dutch ( some even in the netherlands ) or were in the military and so spoke dutch and were christian . 
  this is why they had no big problems integrating and their children mostly married dutch natives . 
  because of this , most young indonesians are of mixed race . 
  an exception to this are the mollucans , who stayed in their own communities and so , still have trouble integrating . 
  source : i am dutch-indonesian myself . 
  the pvv is n't even a real party , but a movement . 
  this way , wilders is not obliged to ask the other members if they agree before making a decision . 
  i would go for stadholder william iii . 
  aka king william iii of england . 
  but instead i would have gotten a son and continue the union between the two countries ( 4 if you count scotland and ireland ) and i would rule from the hague instead of london . 
  ofcourse this means that i will heavily favor the netherlands . 
  all crown lands overseas would be sold ( or ceded ) to the dutch west and east indies companies to save the former and strengthen the latter . 
  i would be more cautious with dutch possesions during the spanish war of succession and just use fluytloads of british people to do the job . 
  perhaps even win the war and humiliate the french . 
  this would all strengthen the dynasty and let the netherlands recover from the franco-dutch dutch war , but strain the british isles and hopefully bankrupt france . 
  the dutch golden age would continue and it wo n't be long before the southern netherlands are reclaimed and the dutch rule the world . 
  not only girls , many gay porn actors are czech . 
  i was n't talking about those . 
  they were forced to go to germany by the communist governments . 
  but there were plenty of people who fled the communists and ended up in ( western ) germany . 
  quite a lot . 
  most of them from eastern europe . 
  ( including czechoslovakia ), 
  never !, 
  as a groninger , i can perfectly read that . 
  no small cup ears here , though . 
  that is an entirely different topic . 
  if you feel the need to discuss it , make your own post . 
  yes , i should have mentioned it in my original comment . 
  i just wrongly assumed it as a given . 
  but we are also , directly or indirectly , responsible for many of these bad situations . 
  the problem is that we ca n't possibly know what would have happened of we did n't colonize . 
  maybe africa would have changed for the better on its own . 
  saying that the colonization was good simply because africa ended up better than before it is a oversimplification . 
  i never said that western intervention is generally bad . 
  sometimes it is and in those regions you can see that things went bad because of it . 
  for somalia that means a very bad colonial regime and then a half assed intervention . 
  many of the problems today can be traced back to abritary borders the colonial powers drew long ago and the introduction of christianity alongside the already present religions . 
  the western powers did very good things in kenya before leaving and that is visible in it 's current well-being . 
  and ofcourse not every country in africa that is doing bad is doing so because of us , but because of other factors . 
  i never claimed otherwise . 
  but more importantly , we have the power to help these people . 
  even of it is n't our fault that they 're doing bad , we are still morally obliged to help them . 
  we are obviously not doing enough . 
  well , what happened in most of these regions was that we fucked it up and then did nothing , which led to escalation . 
  most notably would be iraq and somalia . 
  you can see in the regions where the west did not fuck up , things are generally going well . 
  see kenya and botswana . 
  yes . 
  especially since we fucked the region up in the first place . 
  edit : for everyone responding to this comment ; i have clarified myself down below , so at least read those comments before saying something . 
  got a source on that ? 
  seems very unlikely . 
  but you posted this so you could argue ... 
   were you out during your school life i 'm still in school and yes , i 'm out . 
  i have not seen any notable divide between foreigners and dutch people . 
  this might be because i am on a higher level of education , but even during recess , where the '' lower '' educated people are mixed with us , i still do n't experience any bigotry . 
  hell , before i came out , i was being bullied , but that has n't happened in years , even before i came out , which went very gradually . 
  i know a few guys that were bullied for being gay and not coming out for it . 
  when they finally did , the bullyimg stopped . 
  that is most definitely not always the case . 
  most gay guys are very normal and you would n't notice they were gay until they told you . 
  woah , where do you think i 'm from ? 
  i 'm from groningen and people tend to be more relaxed about sexuality and the like . 
  although mainly villages like pekela and the small ones up north tend to be less accepting to people that do n't fit in . 
  be they homosexual , foreign , brown or from that darned village down the road . 
  he kinda is . 
  well , i am gay , so i guess i would know about it . 
  here in the netherlands , homosexuality is considered to be normal by most people . 
  i myself have never experienced any discrimination . 
  frankly , the only person i know that dislikes gay people , is my brother ... 
  he does n't care if you keep it to yourself but he would go apeshit whenever i said something like '' oh he 's handsome '' even it 's seconds after him saying the same about a girl . 
  he does like to say how tolerant he is , though . 
  this kind of '' fake-tolerance '' seems to be quite normal among lower educated people like my brother . 
  it is quite funny to see the far right '' protect '' us against '' homophobic and evil islam '' even though these people are generally homophobes themselves . 
  ftfy please do n't hit me ... 
  is n't that just british nature ? 
  our struggle for independence and then ending up as the most tolerant , wealthiest and powerful nation in europe for nearly a century . 
  if i had to pick a specific moment it would be either [ the capture of the '' zilvervloot '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_in_the_bay_of_matanzas ) , of wich we even have a [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfsc275logg ) or , [ the time we beat france , england and several german states ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-dutch_war ) on our own . 
  and how could i could i forget the time we beat all of [ europe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkkk8h18tca ), 
  funny thing is that the far right people are generally anti-lgbt ( and anti-jew , see pegida ) but hide it so they can claim moral high ground . 
  very sad . 
  the problem is that a few years back the anti-piet movement has grown more militant , or at least a few have .
