zhirinovsky was first employed by the kgb in late 80s to attract the audience of some very real and very threatening neo-nazi organisations , such as pamyat , to a harmless mock party . 
  he still is doing the exact same thing now . 
  not really , there are lots of building fairly similar this one in moscow and st petersburg, 
  [ moscow ] ( http://imgur.com/bv8cilj ) does n't have to be ugly !, 
  this is 4 times slower than lte here !, 
  ooh , getting personal !, 
  the finnish band sounded like coldplay , but worse ( if that is even possible ) and their father smelled of elderberries !, 
  do n't worry , the polish stuff was good , just not `` bearded lady singing a james bond movie theme '' good . 
  ah , the traditional danish caprese salad !, 
  to me kutia is pretty much synonymous with wakes, 
  yet he yells out in either south russian or ukrainian russian accent with non-reduced `` ah '' sound, 
  probably for the same reason why estonians wo n't `` fuck off '' to the urals , russians to ukraine and all humans to africa . 
  you are talking about them as if they all are recent first generation immigrants who came to rich mighty estonia in search of employment . 
  which they are not . 
  the problem with russians abroad is that they tend to be ignored by the local media quite often , then , in turn , feel alienated , watch russian tv and get an idea of russia ( the country ) as some sort of a magical heaven ( which it is not ) . 
  plus it 's not like these people are recent labour migrants , most of them were born in that area . 
  well , since estonia has a significant russian-speaking population , why would n't the government reach out and do russian-language tv programmes ? 
  they could be a joint venture between estonia and latvia to push their agenda and ideology to russian speakers , both in the baltics and russia proper . 
  i mean , russia has karelian-language state tv , bbc broadcasts in welsh and gaelic , why not try the same in estonia instead of forcing people to learn a new language , alienating them and forcing them to watch state russian media , which is terrible ? 
  not really , no , i think they either have already passed or are modifying the law that allows people to do their exams in tatar , bashkir or chechen . 
  probably bullshit . 
  belarus is rather poor , lacks democracy on the state level , but the quality of life is alright ( although they still shop for food in poland , as it is cheaper there ) . 
  it is nothing like north korea in a way that the capital is open , there are hip cafes and restaurants , there is an actual functioning industry ( the government recently sold some shares in its trolleybus and tram producing company to stadler , a swiss public transportation manufacturer ) , there are exports and the public transportation is amazing . 
  did they rename st petersburg to honour a beer brand ? 
  we had debt cb though !, 
  well , it is quite poor and infrastructure is absolute rubbish , so maybe yeah , sure . 
  i have no idea whee you are from , but never in my life have i seen a flat where people willingly threw shitty toilet paper into a rubbish bin . 
  everyone flushed . 
  no , starts with a c and ends with an n , all the other letters have been stolen . 
  stop this bullshit , there were no pipes there , nothing , just a fucking swamp . 
  the organisers have 0 excuses available . 
  4 letters , just 4 letters , yet you all have to ruin it \u0431\u043e\u0440\u0449, 
  time to make some lasagna !, 
  netherlands too , one of russia 's 3 largest mobile providers is officially a dutch company , as is the largest supermarket chain and numerous other enterprises . 
  really ? 
  no way , i mean , cyprus is so full of investors !, 
  wow , i did n't know they did n't even have auchan in kaliningrad :(, 
  actually , it 's not just the funny bit . 
  russia , unlike the eu , forces the food producers to publish the full contents of the product and the location where it was made . 
  and no , there are the `` best before '' dates , just like in any other country , it 's just that sometimes they are indicated in the description text relative to the production date, 
  ha-ha , at least they are using non-bulgarian ( i.e. 
  mostly russian ) cyrillic for bulgarian !, 
  he was very , very much in denial until the 2000s . 
  and no , pamyat existed well before the ldpr . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pamyat http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_party_ldpr 1982 vs 1989, 
  it is a fairly commonly known fact that zhirinovsky was hired by the kgb in late 80s when the real scary nationalist parties were getting traction . 
  his task was to create a pseudo opposition party that would attract the lumpen-proletarian electorate away from nationalist organisations such as pamyat . 
  which was quite ironic , since he is visibly jewish . 
  in order to maintain that image ( that lasted well into the 90s ) he claimed to be `` a son of a russian and a solicitor '' . 
  in the early 2000s his image was changed slightly : he now is used as a the acid test for all the laws and ideas that might seem to be extreme coming from the ruling party . 
  they make most of the decent bread as far as moscow , which is quite scary in terms of finnish expansion , but quite nice if you are me . 
  something something gulfstream, 
  okies , since you used english as an example i will resort to calling the language they speak in croatia as the croatian serbian . 
  or , for laughs , croatian bosnian , since then serbia does n't get an unfair advantage . 
  better ? 
  but to be fair , it is the best catch-all term for south slavs who speak serbo-croatian , no matter how offensive it might seem . 
  nope, 
  i have a nice acne coat that 's made in romania , but since they are too ashamed of its origins , it only has a silly ` made in the eu ' label . 
  as if i could n't find out where it 's actually made . 
  it could be in very much the same way as it was with chechnya back in the 90s . 
  and look at it today . 
  like big yellow potato, 
  water, 
  bland ? 
  it 's way too sweet and sugary . 
  i 've yet to meet a single person that knows any belarusian and i 've met quite a few people from belarus . 
  hey , what about the traditional roasted duck or goose , stuffed with apples or cabbage ? 
  at least it 's warmer there . 
  it 's butchered , because the original word was just polish for `` republic '' , whereas the russian version made absolutely zero sense : just some stuff that sounds similar . 
  just 4 hours on a train and you 'll be near a 24/7 prisma !, 
  if i ca n't go grocery shopping at 3 am , i assume i am in a bad district or in some deeply provincial city here . 
  that 's what normally happens, 
  really , an average russian confuses latvia and lithuania . 
  also latvian sausage and lithuanian dairy products . 
  uhm , no , it 's just that nobody gives a shit about the baltic states . 
  sorry , no offence meant . 
  that 's a really cheap third class ticket for a train that takes 10 hours to reach its destination . 
  plus add 2 to 3 drinks at a club to that list . 
  st petersburg : 27 rubles ( 0.67 $ ) for a single metro ride , the minimum wage is 198 $ , the average is 830 $ . 
  moscow : 28 rubles ( 0.69 $ ) for a single metro ride , the minimum wage is 283 $ , the average is closer to 1150 $ . 
  it 's `` la '', 
  will i be reich to assume it 's some sort of a buddhist symbol in there ? 
  it 's a bit sad to have banknotes with text in [ adver gothic ] ( http://www.myfonts.com/fonts/paratype/advergothicctt/ ) , but at least the most expensive one is nearly equal to # 100 . 
  nokia lumia 800 is not that bad . 
  even 710 is a nice phone for the price . 
  really ? 
  there are some really great ros\u00e9 wines . 
  sure , the # 5 stuff is nasty , but for # 15 to 30 you could have some amazing wine . 
  you ca n't buy sony ericsson , it 's simply sony now, 
  you should totally restore intervision !, 
  they can if they are from the alsace region . 
  stop being so ridiculously elitist and at the very least start checking your facts . 
  there is a [ lisbon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jo\u00e3o_lisboa ) in brazil . 
  there were no londons in australia or new zealand due to their status as penal colonies ( at least that 's my assumption ) , but there is a london in canada . 
  plus you are comparing areas that were under control of their respective home countries to an independent state where anyone was able to create a town and name it whatever they wanted to . 
  and it 's not like calling your capital `` log islet '' makes much sense either . 
  wait , no , not the dracula ones , just generic salmiakki, 
  local stockmanns and prisma stores have these , but not in moscow . 
  too bad . 
  if anything , they actually saved these people .
