  yep , donald tusk times . 
  shh , in the narrative / u/afirejar learned a week ago from the german media , civic platform are the brave defenders of democracy and free press . 
  do n't threaten his fragile worldview :(, 
  this is pure drivel , lol . 
  you really have no idea what happened , you have no idea what you 're talking about , and yet you try , and try , and try ... 
  i do n't think schengen will survive if merkel maintains wir schaffen das mode , but what you mentioned is a bad thing for germany only , since all the immigrants want to be there . 
  that 's where immigration still gets the most popular support , that 's where the highest welfare is according to what they were told , and that 's where they can commit crime with impunity . 
  i mean , an event like k\u00f6ln would probably trigger a countrywide day of the rope in eastern europe and i hope the immigrants know it . 
  they are already distributed fairly . 
  only germans want them and only germans get them , as it should be . 
  no one in their right minds hates the germans . 
  i hate their certain politicians who thought they can solve a crisis by repeatedly going `` wir schaffen das '' at it and hoping it will fix itself . 
  i hate their biased media that that talked enormous amounts of shit about every country that did n't have the same insane attitude about taking immigrants and desperately tried to hide what 's coming until it completely blew up after new year 's eve . 
  and i hate their pathetic , agressive far left who thought calling anyone with more sense that them `` islamophobes '' can allow them to live in their made up reality forever . 
  but the germans ? 
  they are generally nice people who just wanted to be helpful to some degree , and got rewarded with a million of incompatible new friends for it , with no end in sight . 
  that 's what they tell you on those silly kod demonstrations ? 
  250 angry men in a country of 80 million is the reaction to countrywide sexual assault of women by aggressive groups of exclusively foreigners , something that just might be encoded into the human brain as the worst thing imaginable . 
  the response to the polish and german governments being mean to each other will be proportionally smaller , so it will be literally nothing . 
   the chance that they will become hostile towards poles isnt that small the german reaction to literally a horde of agressive foreigners molesting women in k\u00f6ln and all over the country was to cover it up , then report it as robberies , then blame the victims and give them ridiculous `` arml\u00e4nge abstand '' tips , then to somehow blame all males , then to blame the helplessly outnumbered police , and in the end merkel gave a meaningless statement about faster deportations of people who can not be deported because they throw away their passports . 
  oh , and some thugs assaulted a bunch of random brown people in the next days , scary . 
  somehow i think the poles will be ok , even if germans do n't get paralyzed by guilt when dealing with eastern europeans like they do with middle easterns . 
  you know civil ( the real ones ) marriages are not performed by a priest in poland , right ? 
  as for a priest refusing a religious marriage , i do n't know , i would n't exactly trust them to follow their own rules, 
  it 's so delicious , everyone in this thread trying to save their worldview and just brainstorming an explanation why bad evil poland hated gays anyway back then . 
  i lost it at the greek who thinks we did n't even notice homosexuality existed yet, 
  that 's a win-win scenario as i get to laugh at the same . 
  but then , someone with your kind of opinions is not exactly a winner ... 
   empty accusations . 
  the primary accusation of [ the content of this post ] ( https://pl.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xzwre/radical_cleric_anjem_choudary_guilty_of_inviting/d6k3bzp ) being an absolutely ridiculous , racist opinion ( that honestly disqualifies you from even discussing discrimination as you yourself state that you judge identical situations differently depending on irrelevant characteristics of those involved ) is certainly not baseless , there 's even a link to the post that you can click with your mouse if you manage to aim the pointer at the letters with a different coloring !, 
  that also the only thing that interested me in the first place before you started going on about `` institutional racism '' . 
   you talked about nazism i briefly mentioned nazism while describing the mysterious contents of different 4chan boards to you , i devoted a similar amount of text to / soc / where men , women and people identifying as a bunch of other things usually post pictures of their genitalia in various positions . 
  you 're the one to go off on a seriously incomprehensible rant about fighting nazism right after that , certainly not me . 
   you think that white and black face the same racism in the west , i think that 's not true . 
  that 's certainly not my actual position but the imaginary person you 're writing with could think so , i suppose . 
   pointing at the wrong things with the muslim community is worthless and it can be dangerous too . 
  wow , just wow . 
  this might just be the most pathetic attitude i 've ever seen . 
  this and all the other posts you 're dropping everywhere around lately brings a lot of context to our previous discussion . 
   but then , you 've rather proudly admitted that you would see identical hate and violence differently depending if it was aimed at a `` vulnerable group '' or not so your anecdote means exactly nothing . 
  you would n't see your white friends `` having a single problem '' even if they were attacked for their skin color in front of you , since leftist conditioning took that ability from you a long time ago . 
  no , this part above , even though i 'm sure you understood that already . 
  and you do n't really hate nazism , you hate wrongthink . 
  you hate people who disagree with you politically and justify that by calling their views `` nazism '' no matter how far or close these views actually are from national socialist ideology . 
  not even trying to deny your biases , i see . 
  it 's actually kind of fascinating , in a way a disgusting lack of shame is fascinating . 
   but i understand that for someone like you it 's complicated to understand that some people are more discriminated than others . 
  not everyone have empathy to realized that . 
  i 'm white . 
  i 'm a male . 
  i 've never saw any of my white friends having a single problem for being white , or being a male . 
  this is n't even something i would generally disagree with , and hopefully , for the sake of your sanity , the imaginary person you 're arguing with ( because this is clearly not what i 've even been discussing , this goalpost is moving into uncharted territory ) also would n't . 
  but then , you 've [ rather proudly admitted that you would see identical hate and violence differently depending if it was aimed at a `` vulnerable group '' or not ] ( https://pl.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xzwre/radical_cleric_anjem_choudary_guilty_of_inviting/d6k3bzp ) so your anecdote means exactly nothing . 
  you would n't see your white friends `` having a single problem '' even if they were attacked for their skin color in front of you , since leftist conditioning took that ability from you a long time ago . 
   you 're just going around on empty accusation . 
  i do n't care about 4chan and it existence does n't bother me a bit . 
  i know what it is about , i do n't like it , i do n't use it . 
  neither i want to police other 's people thoughts , but i do n't need to know their stupid opinion . 
  a platform to speak is a privilege not a right . 
  and that 's were the hate speech enters , on the platform not on opinions . 
  you ca n't kill ideas but some have to be fought always ( nazism is a good example ) . 
  word salad . 
  4chan does n't bother you , you know what it 's about despite constantly being wrong on what it 's about , you do n't want to police other people 's thoughts but what you perceive as `` nazism '' ( just say `` wrongthink '' , you clearly just mean people disagreeing with you politically ) should be fought always , and you even got something about privilege in there ... are you trying to say something or is this just your interior monologue ? 
  4chan has an active lgbt board as well as an active hompohobic neonazi one , and then there 's / soc / which accepts everyone and a really misogynist board too , which for me would suggest that it ca n't really be judged in such a black and white way , but then what do i know , i 'm not an enlightened leftist :\\ ^ ) but i totally understand how someone like you could see a board with no censorship and all kinds of opinions stated openly without any forced correctness . 
  wrongthink is truly terrible , is n't it :\\ ^ ) ? 
  it 's a long-term thing , just as that quote says . 
  obviously , right now it would take an extremely confused person to hear `` polish death camps '' and think polish people did the holocaust , but over time , as the memory fades and perhaps the whole thing is no longer treated with such importance ( not to say the holocaust was n't terrible but it 's not even the only huge atrocity of ww2 , but it 's the only one you always hear of ) , yeah , it could be an actual problem . 
  people would keep hearing `` polish death camps '' in connection with this distant genocide from this huge old war , and eventually that 's what many would think . 
  so while it may seem obnoxious that we make such a scene about this every time , it 's quite justified, 
  keep moving that goalpost and you might eventually arrive at an argument you can win , buddy . 
  this comment chain started because you straight up stated that [ you judge individual cases of hate and violence ] ( https://pl.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xzwre/radical_cleric_anjem_choudary_guilty_of_inviting/d6k3bzp ) differently depending if it 's a `` vulnerable group '' or not , which is nothing but some strange , masochistic form of racism , then you went on with tumblr speak about `` institutional racism '' , now this ...  so i simply suggest a safe place for you say what is in your mind peacefully . 
  clearly you 've never been there if you think 4chan is a `` safe place '' for anyone to say what 's on their mind , but it 's quite funny how you see it as some kind of antithesis of your own communities :d, 
   the same changes of being systematically discriminated against this again ... minorities are absolutely capable of discriminating regardless of what dystopian system of `` systematic '' opression you and your peers decided to invent , and real life events show that they do so with increasing frequency . 
  but why am i wasting my time , people like you could have a race riot spanning their entire country and you 'd still be posting about `` systematic oppression '' from under your bed while some ( incapable of discriminating ) minorities set your house on fire  you can always go to 4chan if my opinion bothers you . 
  or i can stay right here . 
  i understand your kind is easily deluded and prolonged stay in echo chambers can intensify this effect , but people with your levels of confusion are actually a. . . minority , here and luckily everywhere . 
  that means you can be oppressed , good job !, 
  more drivel , starting to look a lot like a tumblr blog now . 
  it 's `` systematic '' discrimination now , okay . 
  every individual minority is just as capable to discriminate against every individual member of a majority ( in a majority white country as well ) , and that 's true regardless of how many times you try to talk about some terrible way the western society was built . 
  i invite you to fly your white ass to the next american city with a blm-fueled race riot and enjoy all the privilege right there during your beating, 
   a country with white majority and a black minority , it 's very unlikely that white people suffers discrimination . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  countries are not some hivemind entities where the effects of every action average out over the entire population . 
  it 's still possible for minorities to discriminate against majorities on a local scale , and it 's exactly the same damn thing . 
  looking at it your way , that white kid in uk who killed himself over bullying in his majority non-white school was not discriminated against , right ? 
  i mean , he still had his white majority invulnerability !, 
  you 're repeating drivel designed to make certain groups immune from criticism , and then other groups permanently to blame for everything . 
  i 'm sure the whites who are beaten for their skin color in milwaukee race riots as we speak at least enjoy the fact that they are not discriminated against , according to / u/random-guy 410, 
   specially if it 's a vulnerable group . 
  so a call to violence against , let 's say , black people is somehow different from a call to violence against white people ? 
  is that how white leftists justify supporting blm and the likes ? 
  this would be a long conversation that would ultimately lead to nothing because it 's clear we have very different views . 
  yes , while unfortunately it is still possible for people following incompatible cultures ( lol is it still bannable wrongthink on this sub ? ), 
  to gain citizenship in country x or y , some people clearly would not consider them as actual citizens of x or y until they abandon these cultures ( integrate ) . 
  since switzerland seems to put big value on integration before granting citizenship ( as your link confirms ) and the attacker does have it , it makes it at least more unlikely that the attack was commited by an unintegrated , recent immigrant ( thus `` not actually swiss '' ) compared to other countries . 
  either way this is discussed widely in other comments around this thread [ like here ] ( https://pl.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xjr2e/armed_man_injures_seven_on_swiss_train_bbc_news/d6g55th ) so there 's not much point in writing all that again, 
  are you claiming that they would or would not be happy to be called white ? 
  because if you ever do a safari on stormfront , there 's a whole ton of iranians coming to claim their aryan status ( hitler liked us !!! ), 
  and getting chased out by the resident nazis,
