( do you know any albanian ? ), 
  skanderbeg aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk, 
  so basically you 're saying this is not ok and not something to strive for because you personally would n't be able to make it happen ? 
  you vastly overestimate the importance of failed ideology, 
   your starting point is some ideological position which i do n't share . 
  that 's true . 
  looking at your post history i 'm actually extremely glad we do n't share our ideological positions . 
   by the way , i should point out that you are still under the misapprehension that bulgaria is giving 500 $ to each refugee and 150 $ to each pensioner . 
  that would be correct , according to the bulgarians in this thread the pensioners are actually receiving 80 euro , not 150 . 
   feel free to try to make similar comments about greece i do n't want to :( i actually do n't want to make fun of the fact that greece will run out of money and start blaming everything but itself for its failures once again , because it 's not funny . 
  you are missing the point completely . 
  i am not saying that every bulgarian or every pensioner should receive some made up minimum amount of money ( 500 euro ) exactly maching the made up minimum has to be spent on each precious immigrant . 
  i am definitely not a communist . 
  i 'm actually saying the opposite : the immigrants should absolutely not be provided with any amount of money that exceeds the amount of money given to regular citizens of a given country . 
  if bulgaria can not even provide its own citizens with an amount of money that is considered the minimum that has to be given to an immigrant , then a ) those minimums are clearly too high or b ) bulgaria should not be hosting any immigrants whatsoever until the conditions in bulgaria rise adequately . 
  on a side note , if a country within the european union is not able to provide its own citizens with a sum that is considered a minimum that has to be given to a random person coming in a boat , perhaps the eu should consider rejecting immigrants or finding other , cheaper solution to the immigrants crisis . 
  the priority of bulgaria is to care for bulgarians . 
  the priority of the eu should be to care for the citizens of eu . 
  perhaps you are a globalist or you really do consider middle eastern immigrants to be worth more than bulgarians ( is it something about history maybe ? 
  you are a pretty butthurt country ) , but a situation where the native retirees who ca n't provide for themselves get significantly less money than random immigrants is completely unacceptable , and will never be . 
  the eu should give the immigrants in bulgaria 150 euro instead , or if they consider that `` inhumane '' , or something , completely abandon the idea of hosting immigrants in bulgaria , simple as that . 
   but its definitely better than , say , the democracy in poland right now . 
  i do n't think greeks get to make clever comments about the state of other countries right now , sorry xd, 
  alright , let 's write this out : bulgaria is a part of the eu . 
  immigrants are not a part of the eu . 
  the eu decided that an immigrant must be supported with 500 euros per month . 
  this is understood as a minimum amount of money required , to the point where the eu will even pay for countries that do not have enough money , in order for those countries to be able provide that 500 euro to immigrants . 
  therefore it is assumed that it costs at least 500 euro to live in those countries . 
  however , there are regular citizens of these countries who do n't receive as much money because their country is not able to provide them with 500 euro per month . 
  at this point , we have people who are citizens of the eu ( a voluntary union of countries that your country has entered as well ) who receive less money than it is acceptable to give to complete foreigners who just recently arrived in a boat . 
  if you do not expect immigrants to survive on a certain amount of money , then you can not expect regular citizens of a voluntary union your own country is in ( who are therefore a concern to you much more than any immigrant could be ) to survive on that amount of money either . 
  an immigrant should receive at most exactly as much money as citizens of said country are receiving , not a single cent more . 
  if there really are amounts of money you consider as necessary , ( such as the 500 euro in question ) not a cent of eu support should go to immigrants before eu citizens . 
  if a bulgarian can be assumed to survive on 150 euro , an immigrant can likewise be assumed to survive on 150 euro . 
  if an immigrant ca n't survive on 150 euro , the bulgarians also ca n't . 
  you have not voluntarily entered an union with immigrants , you have entered an union with bulgaria . 
  not a single immigrant staying in bulgaria should receive more money than a bulgarian pensioner . 
  if you claim otherwise , then you are admitting that the life of an immigrant is worth more to you than the life of a bulgarian pensioner . 
   the survival of the elderly is the job of their relatives , the bulgarian government , and the market economy . 
  if the reletives , the government and the market economy are not able to guarantee the survival of the elderly bulgarians , do you expect them to die ? 
  can i consider the same to apply to immigrants ? 
  is it acceptable for an immigrant hosted in bulgaria to starve if his relatives , the bulgarian government or the market economy can not guarantee his survival ? 
  or do you simply once again consider immigrants to be worth more than bulgarians ? 
   how about they pay for the greek pensions first !, 
  why no greek pensions ? 
  if a certain amount of money is considered required to survive in greece , to the point where an immigrant must receive this amount of money , even through eu support , and the greek government is not able to provide this amount of money to its own citizens , then yes , the greek pensions should also be supported before the immigrants, 
  if 500 euro is the absolute minimum that immigrants have to get , to the point where bulgaria has to be given money in order to be able to spend that money to immigrants , why did the eu not pay to bring bulgarian retirees up to that 500 euro level ? 
  it 's necessary to have an immigrant receiving 500 euro per month , but totally fine for a bulgarian to live on less than 1/3 of that ? 
  retired bulgarians are simply worth less , that 's just it , or am i not seeing some deeper logic here ? 
  if i 'm getting the `` turkish version '' right , you just sort of relocate a bunch of people into a place that happens to be a barren desert wasteland where they accidentally happen to die ? 
  in other news , nazis finally found not guilty of genocide , they just happened to repeatedly put people in chambers that happened to accidentally emit some unpleasant gas from time to time, 
   that is why sweden is so prosperous compared to countries like poland . 
  because sweden understands the value of multiculturalism alright i was gon na reply to one of your previous posts but luckily i took a look into your comment history first . 
  good baiting , almost had me up until this point , 7/10, 
  have you read the article ? 
  it 's very short , i 'm sure you could manage . 
  bono ( not that he 's an authority on anything at all but tax evasion and making okay music ) comments purely on our stance against mass middle eastern immigration , not about our negative attitude towards your poor , insulted country . 
  do you really believe he would n't cry about russia as well if that happened to be the topic ? 
  we are talking about someone who 's pretty much the equivalent of george soros ideologically . 
  but you are not wrong , i do hate certain kinds of russians , for example those with a permanent inability to accept that their country is capable of any wrongdoings . 
  you write like a living meme . 
  what you are talking about is a huge problem , but honestly it is a separate problem from a group of religious maniacs shooting aks in the middle east . 
  i do n't think waszczakowski 's statement is completely wrong , but the true comparison of threats goes like this : increase of the amount and influence of `` moderate '' muslims in europe  russia  isis, 
  from exile , poland [ fielded the 4th largest allied army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_contribution_to_world_war_ii ) and fought in many huge battles on several fronts . 
  i agree that gross ' comparisons are mostly irrelevant anyway , but there 's also no chance of it being true, 
  do n't trigger yourself too hard , you little diva . 
  i 'm not even on the `` side '' you 're getting outraged at right now . 
  seems like you are completely unable to even acknowledge the real question here and you prefer to insult an imaginary pis supporter . 
  you came up with some anti-pis lines under the shower and been looking for a place to use them , i assume ? 
  anyway , we mostly agree about what `` you 're asking for '' , even if you have trouble calling it by name . 
  i 'll leave you in the reality where this will gain you sympathy of the polish people and wo n't strengthen pis any further . 
  have fun when your actions heavily contribute to pis getting reelected , i 'll be abroad :\\ ^ ) . 
   i 'm not asking for an intervention , i 'm asking for the voting rights to be suspended semantics . 
  you are asking for a group of foreign countries to clearly act against your country . 
  anyway , stop telling me why you think it 's justified , tell me why you think it will bring any positive ( from your point of view ) results ? 
   as an european i care about europe . 
  most of your countrymen do n't care . 
  look , the victory of pis is a cumulated result of a great deal of things - negatively perceived leadership of po , russia , nordstream ii , comically bad handling of the immigration crisis by eu , many others - literally the last thing you should be asking for now is any sort of eu suspension , if you `` care about europe '' in the context of `` poland in europe '' , of course . 
  what is with this name calling i use `` lewak '' endearingly because i 've been one for most of my life . 
  i guess the real meaning is closer to `` potential traitor '' than `` gay-friendly atheist '' now so i should probably stop, 
  i guess so , except you might be calling the police to stop a voluntary bdsm session :\\ ^ ) and everyone involved will think less of you , no ? 
  read the edit to the post above , or i would be repeating myself, 
  source ? 
  this is the hilarious `` voter turnout was x % and pis got y % votes , therefore z % of poland is firmly against pis , especially all those who did n't bother to even vote '' argument again , is n't it ? 
  people who do not participate in elections forfeit their vote on behalf of those who do . 
  this is mutually beneficial to voters and non-voters because janusz & gra\u017cyna do n't have to stop their drinking marathons to learn about the candidates , find presentable clothes and go cast their votes , and in turn those kinds of people do n't get to decide about the country 's future , which is great . 
  this is exactly why all your kods and protests are ultimately a huge waste of time . 
  pis is a shit party that uses like 2 real issues to get elected and push a whole ton of crap , yes , but you lewaks simply do n't understand how completely disgusting it is for an average person to see a group of people calling for foreign intervention against their own country because of a domestic issue . 
  edit : to the entire / r/polska gang - i am not making a moral judgement here . 
  i 'm just saying why your chosen course of action will fail to gain you any significant support , why it will strengthen pis domestically , and why ( unless this is one huge foreign intervention you 're planning to get , 1956 style ) you wo n't be getting any positive results . 
  i always saw serbia as the only country that bought into the whole ~ ~ russian domination of slavic nations ~ ~ slavic unity thing really hard, 
  \\  serb \\  pushes pan-slavism how stereotypical, 
   they are an anti-communist organization reality is anti-communist as well , is that why you 're trying to escape it ? 
   if they researched the archives they could have taken certified copies of the source or at least give references . 
  it 's just that . 
  go visit the archives , take certified copies , provide the `` real '' number of poles murdered . 
  until then , the word of those people you seem to highly dislike literally carries infinitely more weight than yours . 
   also so called `` polish operation '' is made up `` we did n't murder your countrymen how dare you dislike us this is russophobic where are proofs '' you wo n't be able to write anything that i have n't seen so far . 
  i used to enjoy posting on that little nice place called / r/russia , i saw your kind desperately trying to deny every single russian crime in history , i had russians telling me that my 11 years old grandmother and her kindergarten aged sisters must have been `` nazis or reactionary criminals '' to get deported to syberia after ribbentrop-molotov while nkvd was pacifying the area . 
  as far as all that goes , you are a very boring and unimaginative specimen .
