  not a relatively recent immigrant or child of relatively recent immigrants , and more importantly someone who does n't follow a culture or religion that is distinctly not swiss ? 
  i suppose ethnicity could count too , i do n't know how exactly they do things, 
  step 1 : imprison him step 2 : think very carefully about the chain of events and decisions that led to someone like him being able to acquire uk citizenship, 
  surprising lack of dyed hair, 
  eh , come on now . 
  helping islam 's punching bags ( so gays , apostates , atheists , largely women , middle eastern minority religions ) is actually in line with `` european values '' , unlike pretending that islam is not a bad thing . 
  people born in that shit deserve a chance . 
  and the cost would be negligible anyway compared to the cost of importing muslim masses here and trying to live with them ... 
  if a ban on some full body trash bag looking shit is the only thing keeping all muslims from turning into terrorists , then they have absolutely no business being here . 
  plenty of countries out there that will cater to their beliefs . 
  you said `` they most effective way to fight enemies is to not have them '' and i guess that 's agreeable , but could be expanded . 
  the most effective way to fight enemies is to not have them or to keep them the fuck away from your country and continent, 
  perhaps at the time , from the perspective of your grandfather with very limited amount of information that could 've seemed reasonable , i 'm not sure . 
  but `` still today '' ? 
  completely absurd . 
  we know what the western allies did when they liberated countries and we know what the soviets did when they `` liberated '' countries , including countries that never attacked the ussr in ww2 ( just so you do n't give me the revenge for nazi crimes argument ) . 
  it 's thousands of rapes compared to millions . 
  if your grandpa had his wish , he would n't actually be your ancestor at all because some brave soviet liberator would gladly and forcibly take his place , 
   he wished the russians got to france before dday unless your great grandfather had a strange fetish and wanted to see exponentially larger amounts of local women being violently raped by the soviet `` liberators '' , that 's a ridiculous statement, 
   and i would n't be sent to a labour camp of i did n't fight . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roundup_ ( history ), 
   not sur it was done at the industrial scale we did when we deported all those african to america . 
  that 's just nonsensical , slaves taken to the americas were not caught by white people with oversized butterfly nets , they were bought from local slavers . 
  if you think europeans took slaves to america `` on the industrial scale '' that means the slavers must have been able to provide those industrial amounts as well . 
  you seriously seem like a caricature in all your posts in this thread , nothing but the most ridiculous leftist self hatred while simultaneously acting like non-europeans are animals without enough agency to even consciously do bad things . 
  really progressive of you, 
   christian land in middle east in the 14 century you are aware that the whole middle east was christian land before muslims conquered it and forcefully converted the populations over very long periods of time ( ~ 250 years from muslim conquest to convert 50 % of the conquered population by some calculations ) , right ? 
  also , the first crusade was 11th century but seeing the crap you post all over this thread i 'm not surprised, 
  preventing rossiya from retaking rightful baltic clay is basically an act of war , therefore warmongering , duh, 
  yes , the options are to take everyone or literally gas them . 
  nothing at all in between . 
   reactionary i love it when you people come out all guns blazing with this word , as if it carries the same weight in the real world as in your leftist community, 
  no , like 1000 years ago we finally responded to [ brutal muslim expansion , ] ( http://iranpoliticsclub.net/maps/images/110%20arab%20muslim%20caliphate%20expansion%20&amp;%20military%20campaigns%20map.jpg ) forced conversions , piracy , invasion of the byzantine empire and murder of christian pilgrims . 
   so the problem is n't islam , it 's people who want a theocracy . 
  the koran is a theocratic world domination handbook, 
  i understand how the sharia courts in uk operate . 
  it 's still a complete failure of a modern western society and `` multiculturalism '' to have a subset of the population `` voluntarily '' go to courts based on an incredibly backwards religious book to solve their disputes , not to mention the `` voluntary '' part is debatable as there is intense pressure within those communities to follow the sharia courts and their outrageous rulings . 
   and you say there are no ghetto in us but there are in western europe ? 
  kidding or ignorance ? 
  i said , that 's how cultural differences in the us look like - divisions , conflicts , and yes , ghettos . 
  successful ( we were talking about efficiency , remember ) people tend not to participate in those . 
   not really , it means that people are allowed to express cultural traditions from their country of origin . 
  but cultures continue to mix and change . 
  no , that 's not what multiculturalism means , multiculturalism explicitly means the cultures do n't mix , otherwise they would largely integrate and there would be no multiculturalism again . 
  just as it happened for thousands of years . 
  i feel like many people like you misunderstand it and then go online to emotionally defend this `` multiculturalism '' which they basically see in terms of their completely westernized non-white friends who cook them cool foreign food instead of the failure of parallel unintegrated societies . 
   btw there is n't anywhere ( except maybe in small and authoritarian countries ) the same culture in a whole country . 
  as i said , in modern western countries there 's plenty of perfectly integrated people with foreign roots and minor personal elements retained from their `` old '' cultures , but that is not multiculturalism . 
  at this point the cultural difference between , let 's say , an integrated 2nd generation asian living in germany is not much larger than the cultural difference between bavarians and people from berlin or whatever . 
  but there is a massive difference between regular brits and people who wish to live in the uk in closed societies that judge their disputes in private courts based on a shitty religious book , and that 's multiculturalism . 
  it seems to me that us or canada are multiethnic states where successful people mostly follow the same lifestyles and what you could see as actual cultural differences exhibits itself negatively as unnecessary conflicts and divisions . 
  when a white guy and a black guy follow the same daily routine , go to work at the same building and watch the same movies and dumb shit online , you think it 's multiculturalism ? 
  why , because of their skin color or because they may or may not play different music when they get back home ? 
  multiculturalism means different cultures existing parallel to each other , not people who follow 90 % the same culture with some quirks . 
  in practice that means sharia courts and ghettos . 
  what 's more , it seems that the very existence of this `` multiculturalism '' somewhere must mean that the natural process of cultures mixing into a new , unified one is interrupted somehow , and that 's not a good thing . 
   and may or may not be positive in the long term depending on a myriad of factors , and depending on how the positives are measured . 
  at this points it 's pretty clear that it 's almost guaranteed to be negative except for some improbable optimal conditions . 
  but then , i never saw the supposed benefits of multiculturalism ( at the improbable very best we get a multicultural society that 's about just as efficient as a monocultural one ) so what do i know . 
  story about the latino student 's racist beatup was rigorously proven to be falsified by the student ( was at most a minor argument/physical confrontation with no racist motives ) , he was being prosecuted for false testimony last time i checked . 
  cut the shit, 
  since when is it required to insert `` disclaimer : i think the right wing is shitty as well please do n't think i 'm a nazi '' into every post that criticizes the far left ? 
   no real free media  soon poland xd, 
  xd damn buddy , you sure [ do n't do half measures , ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/uncensorednews/comments/4s59vs/now_a_second_german_state_reports_rise_in_mob_sex/d56wbat?context=3 ) eh ? 
  i hope you 're not a downvote bait account :(, 
  the moths though, 
  that 's a number skewed by china etc. , in western countries it 's actually 51 % female . 
  if we 're looking at things globally now , i guess i can start calling myself a minority because i 'm white :\\ ^ ) ? 
   there are many women who get blown up and bleed out all over the world and in several militaries without having any kind of impact on other soldiers , data ? 
  how do you know what impact it has on the soldiers ? 
  has any of these countries actually been in a conflict with those women in combat roles engaging the enemy on a larger scale ? 
   why a women in that position would change anything is quite frankly a weird statement really ? 
  have you ever actually been following politics , or something ? 
  as far as i recall hillary clinton , possibly the next president of usa , said `` women have always been the primary victims of war '' and she managed to say that without american women serving in combat roles at the time . 
  if you do n't think this would be taken to extreme heights if army women were actually getting recorded regularly gathering their own guts on battlefields , i can only applaud you since apparently you managed to completely abandon all reality for the sake of your ideals . 
   preventing equality stop , that 's simply not even a concept when we 're talking about the military . 
  on most topics , i would probably agree with you about `` equality '' , but simply not here . 
  the job of a military is to maintain the existence of their country in the face of every worst case scenario , and this is absolute . 
  if a military full of sexist aggressive dudes is just 1 % more efficient at performing this task than a rainbow diversity army that perfectly reflects the whole society , we 're going with the dudes every time . 
   is really just a stretch . 
  do n't you see that ? 
  no , for the reasons described above . 
  i 'm actually fully convinced this would be at least noticeably negative for the army morale from the inside but also especially highly troubling from the civilian side as well because civilian attitude towards war effort would plummet if it was jane getting blown up instead of jack all the time . 
  at least i see no objections towards the sad biological reality of women not being able to maintain their fitness levels at the same rate as men when they 're out in the desert shooting brown children and eating dried shit instead of working out at modern facilities , good on you . 
   the mere presence of women may jepardise missions ? 
  christ am i speaking to someone in the 40s ? 
  are you seriously not seeing how news and graphic images of women being blown up to pieces , bleeding out and being violently raped by enemy combatants will have a significantly different effects on overall morale than the same things happening to men ? 
  whether this fits your ideals and worldview , whether you think this is right or wrong , it 's still going to be a significant issue . 
   athleticism of the individual is what 's important and now capable women are permitted and all the better for them . 
  if they can meet the same standards as men and , especially ( extremely important and overlooked in this debate ) prove that they can maintain their fitness levels at the same rate as men in long term deployment without access to fitness facilities and optimal nutrition ( they ca n't ) , well then i guess they can give it a shot , but the problem described above still wo n't be going anywhere, 
  aww ... 
  the guy actually put `` left-wing '' in quotation marks appropriately ( and he seems to have a positive view on classic left ideals ) , as stupidity of islam apologists is honestly too large to put on any political spectrum and it 's very hard to consider people defending a backwards cult as legitimately `` left wing '' , but here you are acting like he insulted your mom and posting breiviks . 
  quite clear that where this reaction is coming from . 
   another type of hitting a nerve could be removing propaganda articles from a sub you want to proselytize in . 
  well , le megasujet or whoever is cleaning up wrongthink here lately came to your rescue , another great victory for multiculturalism i guess, 
  seeing as you are one of the most active islam apologists on this sub , i guess he hit a nerve :\\ ^ ) ? 
  oh gosh so how was the entity known as me and millz right about the study before reading it , again ? 
  jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams i 'm not / u/millz and it 's increasingly psychotic for you to think so , i bet you could find 5 other accounts that are polish , post in big topics on / r/europe and sound the same to you because you are an uncultured pleb , are they also me ? 
  but let 's entertain your paranoia for a second , let 's say i am him and i was `` lying '' . 
  so what ?
