  would be a bit ridiculous to have me , someone who does not speak a slightest amount of your unpleasant language ( mandatory russian lessons in my country ended with the end of russo-soviet occupation  ) scour the internet for a full archive of nkvd documents which may or may not have been made available online since the fall of your empire . 
  the wiki article provides references to works of acclaimed historians , you are free to acquire them and consult their sources . 
  go see the nkvd archives yourself if this is possible , your kind was apparently quite good at documenting their crimes . 
  you have no right to dismiss the work of historians from memorial either , they are literally infinitely more trustworthy than a personification of the where are proofs meme such as you . 
  all the documents ordering the polish operation still existed safely in nkvd archives when they were opened up , signed by yezhov ( lol i guess would be in character for you to pretend he did n't exist since stalin erased him later ) . 
  were they made up too , planted by time travellers ? 
  i see you are leaving reality firmly behind in your mission to defend your little genocidal empire , 
   what even is the need to go to germany ? 
  poland has : very low wages relatively to germany , minimal welfare pay , very hard language . 
  as far as i know , people taken by estera were from the syrian upper class , most likely used to a high standard of life and with many options to choose from . 
  interesting if their lives were in danger at any point , or if they just used the foundation as a convenient shortcut towards germany without the possibility of drowning betweet turkey and greece or being held up at some border along the way . 
   even if commited by soviet , which i doubt , what  this act alone can not be considered genocide right , it 's really a very small part of the whole genocide of the polish people commited by the soviet union . 
  you are thinking of the [ polish operation of the nkvd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_\\ ( 1937 % e2 % 80 % 9338 \\ ) ) , 
  the argument here is that in the recent years only during the rule of po the freedom of press was restricted . 
  the fact that the act of po literally invading a newspaper received no criticism from the most vocal critics of current `` freedom of press restrictions '' is a side note here . 
  pis replacing state tv staff installed by the previous ruling party with their own does not restrict the freedom of press to operate in poland in any way . 
  but on a completely unrelated :\\ ^ ) note , it 's very interesting if there will be any outcry at all from the western media and from the / r/polska community once pis inevitably loses the next elections ( they are a seriously shitty party ) and another state television staff change happens . 
  what do you think ? 
  explain how the freedom of press was restricted now , and not when the previous government was raiding newspapers to cover leaks about themselves ? 
  where was the outcry then ? 
  that requires me to aim my phone 's camera at a qr code on the screen and have a constant internet connection on the phone . 
  i do use it but it 's not nearly as convenient , with facebook i can just use any device with internet access , even after losing my phone in a 10 days long drinking marathon or whatever, 
  dude , the last time i participated in a social media aspect of the thing was when i posted a picture in july 2015 . 
  it 's a webchat where almost everyone i know is available by default , it allows for comfortable management of bigger events ( you go ahead and try to handle an impromptu 30 + person house party with whatsapp groups or sms ) , there 's multiple convenient groups for small news about my city/university . 
  so , what 's the alternative for all that ? 
  what 's supposed to be the facebook alternative/replacement , then ? 
  everyone 's on it , i can switch between chatting on my phone and pc seamlessly ( while web whatsapp is only an interface for the phone app ) , i do n't care for the social media part much but it works . 
  am i supposed to pretend snapchat or something is better ? 
  lol , he 's not replying to this one . 
  and thanks for pointing out the guardian is even shittier than it looks on the surface, 
  his post offers no additional insight whatsoever unless you are a fanatical leftist desperately looking for some sort of excuse for your mass immigration project, 
  looking at your posts here , i ca n't help but look a bit more positively at afd , and i already know their program and understand they are a shitty , horrible populist party that gets people to vote against almost all their interests because of a single issue . 
  read what you wrote again . 
  the constant nazi comparisons , the references to `` people you know '' who are * disgusted * by what happened , more nazi comparisons , outrage at people who dare to have negative opinions of islam , the stupid call to throw away a vote and hope for the best if someone is not happy with the current parties ( i 'm sure cdu and spd love this idea though ) . 
  the attitude of superiority and the fact that you completely ignore the actual cause of afd getting votes , which is the immigration crisis and the failure of mainstream parties to do anything about it . 
  all you do is legitimise afd as the party to vote for if you 're tired of oversensitive children who scream `` nazis !, 
  at the first sight of disagreement , children who offer no solutions of their own and follow a course of action that clearly is n't working . 
  and there 's gon na be more and more people tired of that . 
  if i were you , i would stop posting about afd if you really do n't want them to have more support ... 
  i believe the french are still not a hivemind . 
  you 'll find people who disagree on any given topic on the pitcairn islands if you look hard enough . 
  not to mention a policy such as `` there is no x ethnicity '' would break the un indigenous rights if a non-white group was concerned, 
  bolek did nothing wrong, 
   all the shit we got by kicking christianity in the ass  this is the point of view i had during my ridiculous le edgy atheist phase long time ago . 
  christianity so bad blah blah christian dark ages so much opression blah blah . 
  positive attributes of european culture are pretty much just secularised interpretations of christian values , they could n't ever develop without them . 
  and i say this as a tired atheist in a heavily catholic country, 
  tough banter for a german , must be the genetic contribution of some random red armist :\\ ^ ), 
   `` our '' women `` our '' does not imply ownership here . 
  when was the last time someone thought you own slaves when you mentioned `` your family '' ? 
  because guess what - in some countries , this affiliation extends to the people who share the language , culture , looks , 1000 years of history , the place we live in , the hardships , hence `` our women '' , `` our men '' , `` our people '' , `` our country '' . 
  i understand those concepts were forcibly bred out of germans in a variety of ways after 1945 , but you should at least be able to understand that luckily not everyone is like you , right ? 
   germany has a big racist/nazi past from which it has learned . 
  `` we did a bad thing once , now we know exactly how to do good things . '', 
  sure buddy . 
  you learned so much from your nazi past , you 're not even able to offer any justification for the current decisions besides the very relevant `` we have a good economy '' . 
  what you 're doing is so stupid and shortsighted it almost hurts . 
  there is no angle from which the current actions are better than creation and funding of safe camps near syria . 
  just what is the endgame here ? 
  to take immigrants until syria is uninhabited ? 
  because the country will never improve if the only ambition and chance in the life of young syrians is to make it as a refugee in germany . 
  there is no way syria will improve and germany will maintain its standard of living if merkel continues down the current path . 
  `` she gets votes so she must be doing something right '' is not an argument , all it says is that a large number of germans is as blind as merkel . 
   they should have thought of that before they wrought changes on the society  you do n't penalise the group of potential victims for the short-sightedness of a social policy who do you think makes those changes to society ? 
  who makes the social policy ? 
  you hopefully know that women have had the right to vote and participate in politics for a long while now , and according to all available statistics they generally vote significantly further to the left than men ( in this case enabling mass third world immigration ) ? 
  there is no secret society of old rich men who decided to import muslims to screw over women . 
  what should swedish men be punished for , for not being able to stop women from voting for short sighted leftist politicians ( many of them women , too ) ? 
  if your argument is really `` they should have thought of that before they wrought changes on the society '' perhaps removal of woman 's right to vote is what you really want ? 
  you 're the greek who was bitching about macedonia being called macedonia in the thread yesterday , right ? 
  nice to see you 're playing out some masturbatory fantasies about invading macedonia now . 
   and the free press the new government replaced the staff of state media . 
  this happens with every government change and does n't harm `` free press '' . 
  the previous staff was planted there by the previous government after they took power as well . 
  you know what does threaten free press ? 
  the government [ raiding a newspaper ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/b9/8f/f7/z16224185v,szarpanina-prewka.jpg ) to censor leaks about their own corruption . 
  curiously that happened during the rule of the previous failed government , not the new `` authoritarian-minded '' one , but you did n't even consider changing your opinion about the attitudes of poles towards authoritarianism back then because you were n't fed a certain narrative . 
  `` i ca n't be racist because i 'm an ethnic minority woman . '' -- bahar mustafa it 's one thing for blacks and other groups that were actually exploited by whites to hold these crazy social justice opinions . 
  it 's still pointless but i can see them having some emotional justification . 
  but a turk ? 
  what great injustice did her kind get from those evil europeans ? 
  ottoman empire 's former conquests do n't remember them kindly because of racism ? 
  winning the battle of vienna was islamophobia ? 
   yeah , taking in refugees was also understood by both sides , yet now your side somehow forgot that . 
  hosting of economic immigrants who left safe camps and crossed multiple safe countries to arrive in one specific country ( not ours ) with overblown welfare and ridiculous willkommenskultur was a part of the eu deal ? 
  that 's new to me . 
   fixing that would require an actual effort fixing that would require the wealthy european nations to stop wasting their money on the extremely expensive process of hosting immigrants at home and instead using this money in the most cost efficient way that helps the most people , instead of using it in a way that gives the `` refugees welcome '' crowd the most satisfaction . 
  criticism based on the completely false idea that we owe and deny some * solidarity * to the germans , [ as explained here ] ( https://pl.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/45p844/polish_move_to_strip_holocaust_expert_of_award/d00jmho?context=3 ) absolutely is slander . 
  if i make up some insane idea that germans are all secretly nazis and are planning another holocaust and then write about it over and over again , will you call that `` harsh criticism '' as well ? 
  we are not responsible for german misconceptions . 
  eu structural funds are not charity , in return we allow western companies to dominate our markets because our companies could never compete , and the eu funds are used for development of infrastructure that is used by those western companies anyway . 
  this was understood by both sides while we entered the eu , yet now your side somehow forgot that . 
  we owe you no `` solidarity '' with problems caused by your idiotic decisions we had no say in , decisions which we criticised from the start . 
  it is german immigration policy that provides the pull factor that makes those people leave safe camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  once the germans decide to change their stance on immigration to something applicable to the real world , we can * show solidarity * and come up with something together , 
  and that 's supposed to be better , true or less slanderous ? 
  poland fielded the [ 4th largest allied army , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_contribution_to_world_war_ii ) you can be sure we killed more germans than jews , regardles if you 're looking at the real number of jews killed by poles or the ridiculous number given by gross . 
  where 's the blaming ? 
  all i 'm doing is making fun of the ridiculous `` evil eastern europe does n't want to save refugees from certain death '' stance of the german media and politicians , as preserved for us in this nice article from september . 
  so you do actually believe that poles have killed more jews than the germans during the war ?
