  if ahmadinejad or the ghost of adolf hitler himself gave an interview and presented some unbelievably stupid opinion , such as `` poles killed more jews than germans during ww2 '' , i would fully expect the paper to at least comment on the falsehood , or perhaps just stop interviewing revisionists and publishing their writing ? 
   der autor ist professor f\u00fcr geschichte sowie krieg und gesellschaft an der princeton university , ist verfasser von `` neighbors : the destruction of the jewish community in jedwabne '' , `` polish society under german occupation '' und `` fear : anti-semitism in poland after auschwitz '' die welt presents gross as nothing but an expert on the topics he likes to lie about . 
  i can only assume that they approve of his message and support his mission to shift the blame on ww2 crimes from germany to poland . 
   this was part of an essay , which is `` generally , a scholarly piece of writing that gives the author 's own argument '' ( wiki ) . 
  it does not reflect the `` opinion '' of `` die welt '' . 
  are you trying to tell me german media did not try to slander eastern europe ( hungary in particular ) in every way imaginable ? 
  this particular piece of drivel is written by gross , but it copies what all your press was writing around september 2015 and what your politicians have been saying back then . 
  gross knew exactly what you people wanted to hear at the height of the `` wir schaffen das ! '', 
  you have a very short memory . 
  that entire article is a nice reminder of the time german media was fully commited to the `` eastern europe is literally the new hitler and '' narrative . 
  it was before they understood that every single immigrant actually wants to be in germany or sweden only , i guess ? 
  seems so long ago but it 's just september . 
  i do n't care one bit for the likes of gross , but it 's a bit curious that die welt , which is as i understand a respectable paper , feels it 's ok to publish something like `` poles killed more jews than germans during ww2 '' with no further commentary and no source ( would love to see them ) , just stated as a fact . 
  hahaha , german articles from september are seriously quality comedy, 
  \\  be / u/mrdexie \\  reverse meme arrows for no reason, 
  what ? 
  this is / r/russia level of ridiculous bear analogies , just add something about ungrateful warsaw pact bear cubs, 
   still gets your wives wet even though he is `` ugly '' ? 
  who managed to convince you that the failed leftist voldemort has this effect on anyone ? 
   they 're beautiful languages . 
  arabic and chinese are possibly the two worst sounding languages i can think of . 
  intensified by the fact that most languages `` around them '' are so beautiful, 
   european settlers believed themselves to be superior , much in the same way as the nazis believed themselves to be superior to , for example , polish people . 
  i just love how every other moralizing leftie in this thread must make this ridiculous comparison . 
  what the hell do you think will happen ? 
  `` oh no , by making these caricatural signs for children we 've been treating the poor native americans in our country exactly like the nazis have been treating us , this wo n't stand in the current year ! '', 
  find some real issues , seriously . 
  he 's saying that you too might need social services soon with that kind of pay, 
  you 're right , you ca n't keep them from forming their ghettos * once you let them in . 
  * there 's a simple solution to that though . 
  had the `` luck '' to be at keleti station in budapest multiple times in the summer , once during what was basically an immigrant protest/riot with cops blocking off the entrances ( my fucking suitcase was in a locker inside at the time ) . 
  other than that my political views definitely shifted a bit to the right , i 've been called a nazi xenophobe a lot in arguments on the internet due to my negative opinion on mass immigration ( the horror ) , i saw many people around me move to the right as well . 
  i became openly negative towards the no borders kinds of far leftist while i considered them as cute naive hippies before . 
  step by step , my opinion about the eu changed a lot . 
  i used to believe in the entire concept and ideal quite firmly and considered it a beautiful idea ( not in some very naive way but i did ) . 
  since the crisis began i do n't feel that way . 
  the total inability of the eu to actually handle the crisis , the attitude of germans towards eastern european countries that did n't want to cooperate with them in pointless immigrant redistribution schemes , the constant negativity coming from german media about the supposed `` lack of solidarity '' and some debt we have towards them because of eu structural funds ( which i think are fully compensated by the fact that we allow western european companies to dominate our markets in return ) , all that basically turned me into an eurosceptic . 
  it 's sad , really , the eu could 've been a great thing but it wo n't be . 
   unkowingly your naivety or willful ignorance truly has no limits, 
  this is the kind of drivel that appears when you first arrive at a conclusion , in this case i suppose `` communism is not that bad '' , and then you try to build a reality around it . 
  clearly you have a different explanation for [ this curious piece of data ] ( http://i.imgur.com/adcm6uh.png ) ? 
  you are obviously aware , that poland , for example , was the world 's 12th economy in the 1930s , as per this data : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angus_maddison_statistics_of_the_ten_largest_economies_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) ? 
  but by all means explain what else divided europe into the rich and the poor . 
  give me the non-naive version :d, 
   that would be essentially poland kicked out of the eu . 
  once you stop fulfilling your obligation ( structural funds ) , * the deal is off * and we have no reason to fulfill ours and provide a free market to your companies . 
  you seem to try to accuse me of cherrypicking , yet you dream of scenarios where you outright stop following your part of the whole deal and then we continue to happily allow your companies to dominate our markets ? 
   yes , give us economic aid and free trade you really have a hard time understanding that the free trade benefits you much more than it benefits us due to the fact that your companies can dominate our markets easily ? 
  this is in part why we are compensated for our companies inevitably failing . 
  compensated with the funds you want to stop paying . 
  not to even mention that we use those funds to improve our infrastructure to allow your companies to operate in our countries effectively . 
  keep dreaming , you have no basic understanding of the topic . 
  have you even read his post ? 
  if you do n't feel like poland is worthy of your funds anymore , go and break the news to your companies , because the entire deal is off and they no longer have an open market in poland , simple as that . 
  i 'm sure they 'll be ecstatic after all the investments they made to dominate the market here . 
  i would n't mind going shopping to some local supermarket instead of another western chain store , to be honest , 
   the dublin agreement has shown to be a disaster . 
  so did the western `` progressive '' ideas about immigration . 
  who decides which treaties are `` a disaster '' and which are still valid ? 
  is it you ? 
  is it merkel ? 
  lol, 
  no dude , as he told you , / u/fitpantsonymonkey _ saw hundreds of thousands of those polish workers coming through the border , living in containers and taking his jerbs . 
  what , ca n't you read ? 
   but even those christian syrians that came to poland invited by estera foundation are fleeing . 
  from 160 only ca . 
  35 are left , others fled west without even saying good bye . 
  got some more info on this ? 
  i lost track of the estera business shortly after the first families started leaving , had no idea there 's only 35 of them left . 
  it should really send a message to certain germans here who always go through these topics while shouting that this is an european problem , not a german problem , that german immigration policy is not at fault and neither are mutti 's sadly misunderstood statements . 
   we need to do it in a civilized manner . 
   people like this need to fuck off as well and i am ashamed that i come from the same country as them . 
  bunch of animals that 's because you 're not one of those people who were , at the time of that video , getting a huge asylum center dumped into their small town , which would completely ruin their lives , safety and the value of their property ? 
  they did n't protest all immigration , they did n't protest `` helping refugees '' their protested their elected representatives betraying them and actively dooming them by bringing a way too big amount of people into their way too small community . 
  as far as i know , they succeeded , too , and wo n't be getting an asylum center . 
  if you had it your way , they would organise a calm peaceful protest instead , it would achieve nothing at all , the refugee center would be built and the first immigrant rapes would be happening in geldermalsen very soon , but i 'm sure that would n't get you nearly as ashamed , right ? 
  there is nothing wrong at all in this video . 
   i 'm going to ignore rest of the comment reality hurts , does n't it ? 
  we judge our * military * allies on their ability to support us with broomstick free armed forces in case of a war with russia , not their willingness to accept our immigrants . 
  do you consider it strange or funny that we do n't consider a country of broomstick wielding underfunded gutmenschen who [ would n't even want to come to our aid in case of war ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20150610/germans-against-helping-nato-militarily ) as our closest and most important allies ? 
   she does n't wear anything but wide clothes fully covering her entire body anymore , uses as little makeup as possible , leaves her small office as little as possible who said there wo n't be integration ? 
   do you guys even realize that you have made literally no argument for why the criticism is unfounded ? 
  okay , we had the banter , real talk now . 
  i 'm not actually a pis supporter but i respect that they won the elections , mostly due to po being even more shit than them . 
  i do n't think the criticism is actually unfounded , i just think it 's very naive at best , and at worst completely malicious and directly related to the fact that pis is not a pro-german party . 
  maybe that 's not the case for you , i ca n't know for sure , but your media ...  i think this behavior is bad because i think this behavior is bad let 's assume i believe that , even if i 'm very curious if you will be equally active and outspoken about the tragic situation of media in poland in a few years when pis loses the elections ( they are not a very good party and they will lose ) to a generally pro-german group such as po or . n and inevitably the same kind of media takeover happens . 
  and if your media will report on it all so dramatically . 
  what do you think , but really  ? 
  anyway , pis did n't start this game , they did n't make the rules . 
  is it optimal that a new ruling party has to replace a large amount of the staff installed by the previous ruling party ? 
  no , definitely not . 
  can anything else than taking over the media from the previous ruling party be expected from them ? 
  also definitely not - at this point , this cycle is so ingrained into polish politics that pis can either play along , replace everyone and get some silly protests and criticism from the likes of you , or they can stop the cycle , be the first party who does n't replace the media staff , and for a number of years deal with fully po state media that will criticize them no matter what they do , a state media that previously went so low that they showed slander about duda 's teenage daughter based on tweets from a fake twitter account . 
  which option from the two above do you realistically think they should choose ? 
  get angry all you want , swear that you only care about the act being bad and not the fact that pis is committing the act , but you will just show that you live in a fairy tale world with an attitude that 's incompatible with modern politics . 
  yes , pis government moved in to replace the previous po-installed staff of the state media with their own , which is completely business as usual after a big ruling party change . 
  no matter what scary or angry words you try to use to describe it , no matter how much bile you spit on that screen , that 's all this situation will ever be , and it 's painfully obvious that it 's only a concern for you now when it 's a party you disagree with taking over the media from a pro-german party . 
  it 's sad that the developments in poland absorb the attention of germans to the point where they ca n't see what 's going on with their own country , as evident by the fact that we 're having this discussion in a thread about censorship in germany : <, 
   since the po government replaced everyone in the media with pro-po journalists , pis would n't have to replace anyone in the media to have media with pro-pis journalists ?????????????????????????? 
   special forces raiding the wprost magazine ?
