   it 's so accurate and good at displaying information , yet almost completely unintelligible at the same time . 
  summing up european politics in one diagram . 
  another reminder that south africa is where you go if you want to experience cyberpunk first hand . 
  yep . 
  poe 's law exist for a reason . 
  true . 
  i guess a  or similar could have been appropriate . 
  or maybe mossad tweaked the charge ? 
  no , it lasted only a year . 
  but that it happened at all is in my opinion bad enough . 
  the chinese seem to disagree . 
  while it has made life easier for frequent international travelers , and businesses , it has stripped domestic economies of any insulation they may have had from foreign events and policies . 
  and imo , that would be the better solution as the peg can be adjusted as needed . 
  i consider the banning of life of brian as a black mark on norway 's reputation . 
  something to be ignored unless their rulings suit the powers that be ? 
  possibly . 
  my pet layman theory is that it came about as societies started tracking inheritance via the male lineage . 
  but then i consider many religious/cultural rituals something that may once have had a practial side , that has since faded into the mists of time . 
  and all religions seems to get their status via some kind of oversized parent figure ... 
  the continuing issues within eu had to sooner or later drag norway in as well . 
  it just happens to coincide with a change in leadership . 
  what will be interesting is how this new government rides the storm ... 
  it 's a bit of a mix . 
  i recall some noise a few years back when norwegian cultural costumes were found to be produced in poland . 
  so i would have been more correct in saying that poland is europe 's china . 
  more like tired of 8 years of the same faces . 
  but no matter who acts as figureheads , the same hand wringing happens regarding the exchange rate ( or `` strong currency '' as the media calls it ) . 
  germany for the heavy stuff , poland for the consumer goods . 
  between them they are to europa what china is to usa ? 
   look at norway , it will give you a clear picture of where they get a lot of their money from :d and still the government goes ape about the exchange rate because of export industries ( in particular that 2,7 % frozen fish ) . 
  pretty much this ... 
  wtf ?!, 
  reads like someone blocked anything and everything unless it was clearly `` wholesome '' ... 
  `` do not ascribe to malice what can adequately be ascribed to incompetence '' . 
  do not underestimate the power of msm to direct the public attention . 
  notice how again and again there is hand wringing about the national debt , even tho what started the crisis was private debt . 
  in particular mortgages . 
  public debt is not what started the crisis , but it is what will get nations out of it , if it is used to fund employment projects within said nation . 
  but that gets the economists all up in arms about protectionism and such , never mind the whole euro treaty that blocks public debt in the first place . 
  and it all seems to hinge on germans being deathly afraid of pulling another weimar . 
  even tho the problem then was not the money printing directly , but that said printing was used to pay foreign debt . 
  it may be well defined by academics , but i wonder how well that definition is known by the people on the street . 
  i suspect the real issue with trafficking is what happens to the girls once out of the clutches of the traffickers . 
  problem is that if they get to stay , it becomes a de-facto means of gaining citizenship . 
  this then quickly turn into a ethical mess . 
  but sending them back may be just as bad , as we have no idea what life they came from . 
  more often than not she likely thought she was getting a better life than the one she left behind . 
  citizen wage ? 
  the term itself is not something defined within teachings . 
  it was supposedly something that an early economists or anthropologist put forth to explain why northern europe was so productive . 
  something about how the teachings promoted hard work as a way of showing your dedication to god . 
  then again you also have the supposed calvinist teaching that if you gather wealth , no matter the means , it shows that you are favored by god . 
  if you where not , you would not be able to gather said wealth ... 
  it 's not that easy . 
  the south of norway , having been a major shipping hub in times past , have a fair bit of non-lutheran protestantism . 
  and while the `` national '' church is fairly liberal , there are quite a few organizations operating out of gospel halls that are much more conservative while still supposedly following the same teachings . 
  read that as constipation movements ... 
  i guess i forgot to put '' '' around public . 
  one example of norway helping usa with spying on ussr : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1960_u-2_incident the destination for the u-2 that got shot down was bod\u00f8 , norway . 
  and here is a controversial radar operated by norwegian intelligence service ( the norwegian military spies ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/globus_ii, 
  but there was quite a bit of political arguing before the signing . 
   new snowden documents reveals norway 's big part in usa 's surveillance of russia . 
  no surprise to anyone , as it has been a very public secret ever since norway joined nato . 
  some of those leaders came to power backed by right wingers in the west that feared the social-democratic bent of the alternative . 
  the image really `` nailed '' the right wing nature of the claim ... 
  touche . 
  rich in local terms perhaps , but globally ? 
  need to get out of the previous crisis first ... 
  reminding us that products for the masses is what keep the economy going , not trickle down from the singular sale of a massively expensive luxury product . 
  just be glad you did n't end up under it . 
   but here in europe we should keep concentrating on the real space gold : communications , navigation and earth observation . 
  this is something that struck me a few years back when i grew tired of us focused tech news , and went digging for european news . 
  the us news was very consumer oriented , with a high focus on personal enjoyment/satisfaction and presentation . 
  the european stuff was in contrast much more community and medically oriented , in particular helping people with disabilities . 
  in particular when the government in question is an official military ally . 
  spying on governments that you are on poor terms with , sure . 
  but usa and germany are allies in nato . 
  do not underestimate the dangers of a badly stacked storage shelf . 
  sounds almost huggable . 
  plays havoc with early understanding of english as a second language . 
  yeah , both sides know the other is listening . 
  supposedly christmas greetings would be shared , by one side saying something like `` and merry christmas to our foreign listeners '' at the end of a military transmission and the other side doing the same soon after on one of theirs . 
  love the comments on that article ... 
  pretty much . 
  and has been going on since the onset of the cold war and norway joining nato . 
  hell , u-2 planes likely operated out of northern airfields . 
  and at least one listening post up north is sponsored by either cia or nsa but operated by norwegian military . 
  it will be taxed , but as if they were shares or securities . 
  and that was not even the full strength of the storm , that made landfall further north . 
  best i recall , it was cut because demonstrators were using twitter and facebook to coordinate and spread their message . 
  but while the connection was up , things were relatively peaceful . 
  and this is why i claim that the arab sping only hit the fan when govenments started cutting net connections . 
  remove coffee and watch capitalism crumble . 
  i suspect this is a effect of machine learning , and it is a mistake i could actually see a kid doing on first encountering foreign currency . 
  there was some `` hilarity '' in norway recently , when telenor was shown to have no interest in getting a non-swedish transit cable . 
  this because telenor apparently owns the main swedish cables for transit between norway and the rest of europe . 
  then again , the other major owner of cables out of norway are teliasonera . 
  there was some rumination about getting statnett ( the national company responsible for long distance electrical wiring ) to provide data connectivity along its new under sea power cable , but apparently it would have make the project more expensive and complex because of the need for signal boosters and a means to power those . 
  perhaps he has regular interludes with a certain helga ... 
  i keep getting the feeling that the recent downturn have reawakened quite a few cold warriors ...
