  well a mp5 is two steps removed from no gun policing . 
  usually when there is talks about armed police the weapon in question is more likely to be a pistol or revolver on the hip . 
  if so happens , make sure the model picked do not offer a `` drive '' mode . 
  how time flies . 
  i guess i had the wrong impression of the timing somehow . 
  likely is that by not being american , i only heard about the ban after said shooting . 
  i suspect the assualt ban was more aimed at school shootings than `` petty '' crime ... 
  and this is why `` guns '' is a poor word . 
  because it covers everything from the smallest .22 derringer all the way up to your .50 bmg penis compensator . 
  if someone attempts to rob you on the street with a ak lookalike , the place have gone to hell a long time ago . 
  i will claim that most crimes done with a `` gun '' is done using a pistol or revolver that was easily concealed in a pocket or under clothing . 
  and likely performed either because the person was desperate , and/or high on something ( drugs , alcohol included , or emotions ) . 
  i know the moose can be a issue , but bmg ? 
  treat them as any other extremist political group . 
  just because they wrap themselves in a religion does not make them spevial in any way . 
  it 's what you get when you have leaders that can think past macho posturing , on both sides . 
  `` sorry , we do not do abortions . '', 
  for the greater germany ? 
  maybe i am putting petrol on fire here , but i find myself thinking of the spanish civil war . 
  stripped of the religious wrappings , these issues quickly reveal themselves as fascist thuggery . 
  there are guns and there are guns . 
  are we talking pistols or bolt action rifles ? 
  when the fight or flight kicks in , no amount of inquiries etc will matter ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=uum1ubsbe-tg9ru61mc3zx8a&amp;feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=kw3uxaq4dwe#t=419 should be queued up to the relevant time point , but the whole presentation may be worth a watch . 
  as in the us government ? 
  nope . 
  because they are not what i base the claim on . 
  so far the us qe has produced no inflation what so ever . 
  at this point i do n't trust anyone speaking in a official capacity for a major government , as everybody is playing their hand close to their chest ... its like a schoolyard `` popularity '' contest , except with lives on the line ( sadly not those who run the contest tho ) ... 
  in other words , the cold war never ended . 
  it just froze over for a decade ... 
  this could get `` interesting '' . 
  a working welfare system ? 
  and i take it the 200k males are the militia ? 
   you can also walk into a gun shop and buy all the bolt actions and break action shotguns and rifles plus all the ammo you want in switzerland . 
  and this i think are the real reason for the lack of `` gun crimes '' . 
  none of these makes for easy transport , nor suitable for a `` spray and pray '' kind of firing . 
  as always when this topic comes up , i wonder if part of the problem is the word `` gun '' . 
  this in that it can encompass anything from the smallest revolver all the way up to large rifles . 
  i am only speculating here , but i suspect that most of the guns in switzerland are rifles and shotguns . 
  these kinds of guns are hard to transport concealed in urban areas , and so are less than practical for criminal or emotional uses . 
  radio free europe , eh ? 
  one good outbound connection servicing multiple shitty inbound connections ? 
  sounds like norway , where the former state monopoly was privatized ( telenor ) , access to the copper network was mandated by regulation , and the company let it pretty much rot ( the latest is that they want to replace voice service over it with their mobile phone network ) while building a fiber network under a different arrangement . 
  another big irony was that they were slow to get people in the field to do repairs after a winter hurricane and parts of their network shut down because switches ran out of backup power while waiting for power lines to be repaired . 
  this in contrast to a similar situation a decade or two back , when it was still a national monopoly . 
  back then they had people driving around with mobile generators to make sure things stayed working . 
  usa was mostly unified in language and culture , and yet it took a civil war to keep it together ... 
  i was thinking more in terms of chain of command and rules of engagement than technical issues . 
  it may trip some first line alarms , but unless it it can match the flight time and energy output of a icbm ( in essence , it is a icbm without a warhead ) it will likely quickly be dismissed as short range . 
  from elsewhere i got the impression that it is also a matter of flight time . 
  the longer it is in flight , the higher the probability of detection . 
  that depends on the launch having been made with a clear head in the first place . 
  i fear we are overestimating the coherence and professionalism of these rebels . 
  as the old saying goes , one man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist ... 
  it seems to go beyond defense . 
  as best i can tell , the french government holds to the idea of basic self-sufficiency . 
  meaning that they try to keep the nation as self-sufficient as possible in terms of basic needs . 
  this in turn allowing them to act independently . 
  this used to be something more nations strove for during the cold war . 
  but since the fall of the soviet system more and more nations have embraced the idea of imports solving all ills ... 
  i keep seeing this in terms of farming in norway . 
  each time the topic of subsidies comes up , someone makes noise towards shutting down norwegian farming completely and import all the food needed . 
  this under the pretext that norwegian food is lacking in quality or choice . 
  given recent election outcomes , i think the political fighting right now is between centralized right and national right . 
  centralized right favors big multi-national corporations , as they can play nations against nations ( and regions against regions ) in a race to the bottom in terms of regulations , wages and such . 
  national right is about the nation staking its own path , be it closing borders vs `` undesirables '' or some other topic . 
  the left has pretty much disintegrated . 
  the academic ( social ) left siding with centralized right in thinking that open borders will lead to peace and understanding . 
  the workers ( economic ) left have ended up siding with national right because open borders and such are threatening their livelihood . 
  and most people that you say are going left are likely marching right into the hands of national right , because their reason for going `` left '' are likely to be economic rather than social . 
  so basically is neoliberalism taken to the nth ... at this point i may as well hoist the hammer and sickle ... 
   the debtor countries will grow weary of permanent recession and the eurozone will break apart do wonder if that will happen peacefully or violently ... 
  heh , it always surprise me how many languages there are on this planet . 
  but then i suspect that norwegian dialects on their own could become seperate languages if modern communication vanished for some generations ... 
  i 'll file that as a non sequitur . 
  if a society is so egalitarian that you do n't get payed extra for being a doctor , why does it not have a system for educating would be doctors without the need for them to go into debt ? 
  that is a cart before the horse issue . 
  why do they have debt in the first place ? 
  because you like helping people ? 
  i would worry that a doctor only in it for the money would make for poor bedside manner ... 
  the reason for schengen was pretty much that we already could travel without passports within the nordics , and them entering schengen would make that no longer possible ... 
  i am familiar with the term protestant work ethic . 
  but i fail to see a connection between protestantism and what you describe . 
  color me intrigued . 
  i wonder how large a part of it is thanks to sub-contractors of sub-contractors to public norwegian services and projects are registered there . 
  for example the owners of a chain of private schools had a catering company registered there . 
  and the schools hired said company to supply their students with lunch . 
  paid for by funds from the government that was to benefit the students . 
  sounds like a real character . 
  the eternal question , how to show someone you will not be bullied without resorting to violence ... 
  so he is pretty much a bog standard populist right winger ... 
  i guess it is because japan had been slowly working its way down from korea for years before they attacked pearl harbor , but nobody is talking about it because , well , it was china . 
  then again i also had an american throw a hissy fit the other day when i claimed that usa had `` won '' ww1 and ww2 by being late to the game . 
  this because in both instances the enemy had already been pretty much exhausted by years of fighting while us troops were fresh and well supplied . 
  somehow i was pissing on all servicemen , past and present . 
  higher percentage ? 
  not anywhere where we wanted to be . 
  the people said no , the politicians hitched us to the train anyways . 
  honestly i do n't think they expected the no after having been in negotiation for so long , and the whole eea thing was a escape hatch of sorts towards brussels .
