  i think there is a forest in poland that is off limits still because of that . 
  edit : and i see that a couple of postings further down the same thing has already been mentioned , never mind ... 
  what has always puzzled me is how they found those island clusters in the middle of nowhere during the age of sail . 
  modus operandi of the british east india company , no ? 
  and said desert was where they recorded those spaghetti westerns , right ? 
  remind me again , why is stagnation bad ? 
  and by making and selling locally not only is the turnaround fast , but the money stays in circulation locally . 
  and removing the taxes will just result in the companies pocketing the difference ... 
  investments are risky . 
  how about simply erasing said debt ? 
  crisis capitalism at work ... 
  personal opinions vs acting on said opinions ( especially if brutally so ) ? 
  once you start poking around the fringes the abrahamic religions are more alike than different . 
  do wonder how that new b1 affects things like this : http://www.quadrovehicles.com/, 
  just as long as it do not turn into [ this ] ( http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/commissar ) ... 
  it dawned on me that it all felt somehow familiar , a quick search revealed [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_commission_%28mafia%29 ) ... 
  the commission clearly needs to be disbanded ... 
  that makes me wonder about their parents and grandparents standing in the local community . 
  could very well be that they are hiding behind the high standing of their family in some way . 
  apparently inspired by wahhabism , surprise surprise . 
  what is that quote again ? 
  while other languages borrow , english has dragged languages down a alley and robbed them bare ? 
  dunno , there is that area up north ... 
  bah , who cares about state debt . 
  the real problem with the city , as thanks to them the uk private debt is even higher in relation to gdp than the us one was before the shit hit the fan in 2007-08 . 
  never mind that the big ones are the same bunch of firm that messed up in us . 
  it is just a question of when it pops . 
  meh , religion for them is just an excuse to be assholes . 
  no different than the `` fuck the police '' people but with a different excuse . 
  collateral damage ? 
  while there were a hangup in negotiations regarding ocean territory up north some years back , russian customs refused shipments of norwegian salmon entry for health and safety reasons . 
  i wonder what kind of ways russia will find to get back at norway this time round ... 
  oh hell , this will get ugly . 
  maybe so . 
  but as best i can tell from poking around ssb.no the income has increased by maybe 50 % between 1995 and 2011 , while both private debt and housing has gone up close to 4x over the same period . 
  land that used to be sea bottom , but that has been dried out by building barriers against the ocean and then pumping out the excess water . 
  same shit in greece and spain as far as i can tell . 
  the whole thing is a double whammy centered around germany . 
  first the german industrial wages gets held down to maintain the exports , then german financial lend massive amounts to people in the other euro zone nations . 
  money that ends up being spent on german export products because the suppressed wages result in them being cheaper than local products . 
  it 's a mess ... http://youtu.be/tfkzaad_1w8, 
  austerity on social services so that the money can be routed to down payments on the debt . 
  well much of the place is land `` recovered '' for the sea ... 
  http://www.debtdeflation.com/blogs/manifesto/ professor steve keen summing up this take on the impact of debt on a national economy . 
  if that is the case , smart italians . 
  mortgages have been messing with national economies since at least the 80s ( when the japanese housing bubble ran wild ) . 
  this because banks are involved at both ends of the market . 
  first they loan money to the builder/seller , and then they loan money to the buyer . 
  end result is a massive injection of money into the economy . 
  for instance ; the cost to build have doubled since 93 in norway , while the cost to buy have increased by almost fivefold in the same period . 
  prices in general have increased barely 50 % in that time by comparison . 
  [ on that note ] ( http://satwcomic.com/new-nordic ), 
  a leftover from the cold war generations i guess . 
  and that reminded me of my age ... 
  err ... 
  bah , the oil have been as much a curse as a boon . 
  anything not directly or indirectly related to hydrocarbons seems to slowly wither away from inattention . 
  just as long as our social welfare system stays functional . 
  panicked attempt at getting attention ? 
  :d btw , i seem to recall a quote from a roman geographer or something that described the north as the end of the world . 
  this because there heaven and earth was one and the same , and in a process of being ripped apart . 
  i find that to be a excellent description of winter norway during heavy snow fall . 
  because of the ancient interbreeding of culture and religion , that 's why ... 
  imo it allows whoever it is to step outside the daily bickering of the elected , and instead take up a long view . 
  well the expression `` kaffepause '' do exist in norway , but i have rarely seen it used outside of work hours . 
  while i see the / s i suspect it is less british related and more us related . 
  heh , break free from uk and eu , have a chat with iceland , norway and canada and basically put a lock on the north atlantic . 
  edit : err , may require a chat with denmark regarding greenland tho . 
  the city having its impact ? 
  was has happened is a generation of explicit and implicit pr/propaganda towards the idea that every man is an island , wholly responsible for his ( mis ) fortune . 
  dream on , merkel . 
  dream on ... 
  yep , it 's turning downright farsical ... 
  chinese companies seems to be more and more interested in africa ... 
  having to admit what caused the migration in the first place ? 
  i could have sworn that german birth rate dipped below japan recently . 
  quite the `` feat '' ... 
  i suspect that is a rule that may need to be applied to other nations as well ... 
  i suspect that if putin was deposed tomorrow , the oligarchs would rise once more and the nation would return to being the mess it was under yeltsin . 
  i just wonder how much western backing those oligarchs have . 
  i fear it is quite a bit . 
  no clue about that , but i seem to recall nixon taking the usd off the gold backing because various nations started insisting on converting their usd holdings into gold during the vietnam war . 
  this in turn because usa was printing a pile of bills to cover their war expenses . 
  so when it comes to international finance , expect everyone to be roaches ... 
  the us financial economy may be growing , but the rest i 'm not too sure about ... 
  and many businesses are run like that internally . 
  taking loss in one division that is shored up , and then some , by another . 
  or you guys can up and leave , and we can figure out some way to cooperate . 
  in case people are wondering : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_fisheries_policy, 
  apparently norway follows more eu directives than , say , denmark . 
  it 's like our politicians are scared that if they do n't bend over backwards they wo n't be appointed cushy positions within the system after they resigns from norwegian politics ... 
   i think that would depend on the job . 
  that seems to cover pretty much the whole of the debate . 
  if your job is tied to a location or equipment that is expensive or physcially difficult to relocate then you are likely to be more favorable to the status quo . 
  but if your job can be upped and moved at the drop of a credit card , you are more likely to be accepting of a federal europe . 
  frankly if one was really religious one would be happy to sit in a corner and pray . 
  nah , when it comes to these things religion is a mean to an end . 
  spent some days up north one summer , was confusing to have such sunlight past 23 . 
  not sure how i would handle months of 24/7 gloom ... 
  oil for teachers ?
