  nsa have been listening to everyone since day one , that is in essence their job . 
  sure , they are not supposed to do it to americans , but everyone else , `` friend '' and foe alike , are free game . 
  and the use ratchet keeps turning ... 
  dunno , the money turns right around and goes back to the mentioned banks as down payments on the debts . 
  then again , i guess you can say that it is private european bank ( ers ) siphoning off public european funds via a intermediary ... 
  the biggest damage comes from the euro itself , as without it greece could devalue their currency and at least maintain a internal economy . 
  but with the euro , it vanishes across the borders in a instant . 
  no surprise there , as the biggest holders of greek debt ( private and public ) are german ( and other euro-zone ) banks . 
  as a recent thread here on reddit demonstrated , liberal as a label is as informative as air ... 
  the stimulating kind of tourism ? 
  i 'll show my self out ... 
  a wonderful example of rebel cities . 
  more like `` wearing badger themed hats '' than full body badger costumes ... 
   to achieve this , islamism uses political grievances , such as mine , to alienate and then provide an alternative sense of belonging to vulnerable young muslims . 
  preying on the grievances of disaffected young men is the bedrock of islamism . 
  every extremist group operates using pretty much the same pattern . 
  hell , it is a classic cult pattern . 
  in every instance it is about control , and religion just a cover . 
  or to restate it : yes : gay marriage , open borders , immigration . 
  no : taxes , economic regulation . 
  5 + as best i can tell . 
  and half of them make you sound all friendly , while claiming you have the right to defraud me at the drop of a hat . 
  i need to keep reminding myself that norway is in line with alaska ... 
  facebook for family and `` close '' friends , twitter for random people with similar interests . 
  in part . 
  but given the use of mobile phones with twitter , this time we also get a rough map of major european roads ( and ferry lanes between uk and ireland ) . 
  also , it kinda reminds me of nerve cell drawings . 
  ye deities , how much more muddled can the philosophers make this ? 
  the pessimist in me just wants to say that i applaud it as valiant effort , but it is highly likely to be a futile one . 
  given that it seems that the repeating flaw in politics is treating government like a massive person , or family head . 
  we see the same thing regarding national economy , with continual comparisons between government budget and household budget . 
  at some point i swear those terms have gotten quietly flipped , or someone is abusing the hell out of them . 
  this because i can not even begin to grasp how fiscal liberalism has supposedly risen from socialism . 
  and similarly i do n't see anything modern day libertarian in classical liberalism . 
  tho i guess by `` came from '' you can be saying that came to be as a counter-culture . 
  or perhaps thinking about it some more , they can be seen as the snake eating its own tail . 
  meaning that they have taken the core principles of their forerunners so far that they have quietly become their own opposite . 
  gah , the more i poke at it the more muddled the whole thing becomes . 
  it seems a whole new set of labels are needed to make sense of it all . 
  that seems like a more accurate version . 
  darn it , i wish i remembered the line that my aunt have fun with . 
  i seem to recall it boiling down to a question about having done something , and when spoken it sounded like the exact same words repeated 3-4 times . 
  edit : oh wait , i may actually have managed to remember it while writing all that . 
  translated to english it becomes something like `` have you played with your dolls ? 
  so it is the same letter as in swedish ( or the norwegian \u00f8 ) ? 
  that is the weird part about `` economically liberal '' , as it is virtually the polar opposite of socially liberal . 
  by this i mean that economic liberal take a hard line on lower taxes ( and by extension , lower social services ) and a removal/relaxation of government regulation of commerce . 
  yet those very things have come into place from people pushing for a more socially liberal nation . 
  by this i mean that social services reduce the ability of individuals or groups to `` force '' others into a state of indentured servitude . 
  this because you can always quit and live on social services while looking for a more just employer ( or even go into business on your own ) . 
  and commerce regulations are there to ensure quality and protect against fraud . 
  economic liberals will claim that market forces will do that , but if one look across history said market forces have again and again spectacularly failed to do so . 
  reinforcing my question of where the difference is . 
  except when they make for good excuses , like that 90 % national debt to gdp ratio . 
  there is a difference ? 
  so we replaced nobility and priesthood with bankers and economists ? 
  and the cops will fight for the powers that be , because said powers will always need enforcers . 
  why just religious ? 
  fanaticisms comes in a variety of shapes and sizes . 
  and that was why i wondered how they identified muslims for the survey in the first place . 
  seems the scoreboard is trolled tho . 
  100 % in under a minute ? 
  makes for a efficient language . 
  there is a similar gag about a norwegian dialect , but i fail to recall the exact words . 
  do wonder how they identified the muslims in the first place . 
  btw , the author of that column seems to have a history of working for right wing think thanks in usa and canada ... 
  to claim the portion is large is a massive overstatement , it is a very vocal minority of a minority . 
  i guess it will , i just hope i survive to see it . 
   the balance does n't lie in the extremes . 
  a mantra i find myself clinging to repeatedly when observing nordic politics , as said politics seems to be sliding towards the right . 
  almost as if we are all hell bent on recrating thatcher 's britain up north . 
   food in stockholm is five times more expensive than in poland !, 
  five times !, 
  it would not surprise me if the purchasing power of the average swede is similarly higher . 
  lately it has tilted more towards capitalism , with some rather discouraging results . 
  in other words , it comes down to the ratios of mixture , 
  in other words , mainstream economists patting themselves on the back in the name of nobel . 
  they are lenders of last resort for national economies . 
  as such , they can dictate any terms they want . 
  indeed . 
  the money loop goes something like this : production  wages  consumption  production cut back on either of those and it is like you block a artery in a body . 
  only if said income is not inflation adjusted , something those unions are trying to ensure they are . 
  also , if said income is inflation adjusted it may reduce the burden of any debt the workers may have . 
  actually , nrk did the bergensbanen journey first because it had a jubilee . 
  it got so successful that the concept has been reused in various ways since ( hurtigruten , the show on firewood , nordlandsbanen ) . 
  by the way i think bergensbanen only got international attention when nrk put the video from the front camera online as a torrent in 1080 hd . 
  crazily they then got people asking for a copy of the uncompressed recordings direct from the camera , and nrk obliged . 
  this resulting in a second torrent some 200gb in size . 
  that is simply the continual recording of the forward view from the train , tunnels and all , no inserted commentary , music , anything like that . 
  anything not nascar and american football is seen as gay by american media ( and by extension , public ) . 
  not having the insight to see when to stop digging the hole he is standing in any deeper . 
  at this point i am not sure who i pity most , the girl , the mayor , or his lawyer ... 
  sounds like kids being kids ... 
  tell that to the anarcho-capitalists ... 
  but they have much easier time doing it when various control points are dismantled because of `` open markets '' . 
  yep , but even non-believers then end up going to them for the social rituals they administer . 
  end result is a blending that makes it damn hard to seperate social and religion . 
  huh ? 
  would not surprise me if it could hit -20 c or worse . 
  the fighting up north is virtually a non-topic in norway .
