  well a relative of mine keep saying that if hitler had tried economic over military means , he may have been more successful ... 
  i would suggest to go the route of the swiss instead . 
  norway gets shafted left and right by the eea agreement ( in part thanks to our politicians repeatedly bending over for eu demands ) . 
  i suspect there are none , as nobody considered the possibility ... 
  rational expectations ... 
  spain , europe 's florida ... 
  those places are likely extreme cases , given that they have survived to this day . 
  but i suspect that during the height of immigration , and for at least a generation later , you could find parts of larger cities from the east coast inwards where you were more likely to hear norwegian than english . 
  and provides a certain irony when considering various populist political demands towards recent immigrants in norway and such ... 
  interesting numbers indeed . 
  cut the pay of the enforcers , and control will quickly be lost . 
  depends on how different the norms of their parents are to those of the community they end up living in . 
  reminds me of a ironic episode in norway , where an representative of the right wing populist party managed to proclaim that doctors near norwegian holiday enclaves in spain should learn norwegian . 
  and that store owners should stock norwegian food products ... 
  reminds me of a claim i read about norwegian immigrants to usa . 
  they ended up forming a ghetto in new york , with norwegian food , newspapers , and most not speaking a word english even after having lived there for years . 
  it is one of those elements in the back of my mind that makes me say that immigrant issues are something that only sorts itself out over generations . 
  and will require massive amounts of patience from everyone involved during that time . 
  that got some noise in norway as well . 
  never mind that we are putting up for eu-wide tender , that even the relevant directive say is too small . 
  and norway is not even a full member . 
  never mind that anything eea may have been constitutionally questionable from day one ... 
  government debt is a illusionist 's distraction . 
  what crashed the us economy , and cause a knock on effect in europe , were private debt . 
  the very same thing that has held japan suppressed since the 90s , and that cause the great depression in the 30s . 
  government debt will invariably rise when the private economy slumps , and should fall when the private economy rises . 
  that is , unless there are someone like reagan at the helm . 
   the military-industrial complex of the us can be seen as a bubble resulting from the arms race of the cold war , and it is a perfect example of how broken bubbles look in a planed economy . 
  the us military-industrial complex a planned economy ? 
  err yeah sure ... 
  the only ones doing the planning there are the big wigs at the various defense contractors , on how to pocket more of the budget by selling even more questionable weapon systems . 
  nope , that would be samuelsonism ... 
  very little of what is labled keynesian economics have anything to do with the writings of keynes . 
  hard to say , but i suspect many of them stay home because of social issues at school . 
  this depends on how it is done . 
  an alternative to simply wiping out the debt would be to give everyone a sum of money with the requirement that it gets used to pay debt before consumption . 
  so you without any debt would get to spend more , while your neighbor gets to manage his debt some . 
  the idea is not mine btw , but [ steve keen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steve_keen ) 's . 
  this is why [ steve keen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steve_keen ) suggests a slightly different approach . 
  give each person a sum of money , on the condition that if they have any debt it gets used to pay it down . 
  if they do not have debt they can use it as they see fit . 
  this will potentially reduce some of the knock on effects surrounding retirement funds and similar that are holding cdos and whatsnot related to the debt . 
  the most likely time when printing money cause inflation is when the nation is running at full employment . 
  but as the usa bailout shows , just printing money is not enough . 
  if it just ends up in the hands of banks and finance , the only thing you get is another securities bubble . 
  it needs to reach the people on the streets to bootstrap the consumption-production-wages-consumption loop once more . 
  2 . private banks pretty much print money each time they approve a loan , by entering numbers into the borrowers bank account . 
  likely forced to go with the lowest bidder ... 
  what did we win this time ? 
  i would love to see the face of the judge if anyone tried that . 
  because it robs them of their power in the household ? 
   would dissolve the modern nation-states fat chance of that ever happening . 
  while i hear mumblings about more cooperation between the nordic neighbors rather than the `` distant '' eu , i do n't hear `` kalmar union '' mentioned much . 
  maybe it is a swedish thing to keep referring back to said union ? 
  from what i understand , factory trawlers have pretty much depleted the waters around most eu nations . 
  the fear is that if norway joins the eu , said trawlers will have to be allowed into norwegian waters with pretty much the same end result . 
  natural resources in particular . 
  just take a look at the travesty that is deep sea fishing ... 
  computer is friend . 
  lets not single out just one group extremists tho . 
  gates of vienna anyone ? 
  right now it seems as if various extremist groups need each other as a reason to exist . 
  problem is that scandinavia is looking either at uk or across the atlantic for inspiration ... 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/protestant_work_ethic meaning that there is some social/cutural/religious stigma on those that do not work , unless it is because of a self-gathered fortune . 
  once out of the education system , the work place is the main social hub most have . 
  then there is the nebulous concept of the protestant work ethic ... 
  indeed . 
  sit x terms , collect your pension , move to the private sector or some international office and collect even more . 
  straight paying is one thing , that is what welfare is all about at a national level . 
  but this is running up interest bearing debt , and expecting the next ones in line to pay it all back . 
  so either via government or the stock market we drive future generations into hock to support the outgoing ... 
  once they are adults , they can do whatever they like with their own body . 
  i do believe you ca n't get a tattoo until your 18 , for instance . 
  one fueled by debt piled upon debt , particularly in the housing market . 
  the economy do not need booms any more than it needs busts ( and one inevitably follow the other ) it needs relatively stable growth . 
  the only ones benefiting from booms are stock market day traders . 
  reminds me that in certain social segments in usa , circumcision is done even if someone is not a member of a relevant religion . 
  so less `` wise men '' and more `` wiseguys '' ? 
  i just wonder what kind of practical reason anyone would have for removing the foreskin . 
  this based on my suspicion that many a religious/cultural ritual and stricture at some point or other had a practical purpose that has since faded away . 
   whoever can pay this kind of money is probably someone who went to some decent schools , speaks a world language , and unlikely to go live in a ghetto and play gangsta . 
  do not certify them as decent human beings however . 
  the asshats that caused the 2008 crash will likely fulfill all those criteria . 
  they can still be dangerous , given a common enemy . 
  common is in the eye of the beholder i guess . 
  nah , i just find it interesting that an american is calling europeans bigoted . 
   still i expect israel 's creation is the main impetus of the modern hatred being spread across the middle-east even if their hatred is distinctly ethnic in nature . 
  well it is a nation founded ( or supposedly reclaimed ) to safeguard a specific ethnic group . 
   df has made some effort to distance themselves from the `` blood '' view , and instead pushes more of a `` culture '' view , which i guess is a third approach to nationality . 
  or at least a more politically palatable view . 
  it pretty much allows for a separation between near and far foreigner . 
  where the near ones share a similar skin tones and religious/cultural building blocks . 
  [ under a different label ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beggar_thy_neighbour ), 
   underpinning the disproportionate criticism that israel gets is european bigotry that reduces non-europeans ( which apparently includes israelis somehow ) to childish barbarians , from whom one can not expect adherence to international norms or the upholding of human rights . 
  after all , they 're just arabs , or africans , or asians . 
  they 're not like us . 
  they do n't know any better . 
  pet , kettle , black ? 
  noted . 
  reminding me once more that the old left/right sorting method is rapidly losing value .
