  when it comes to dealing with eu , i do n't think they have since the last no vote and they brought the eea in the back door . 
  f if i know , it was a big deal in the trade press from what i recall ( but that was after the regulation was approved in brussels , and was set to be implemented in norway ) . 
  and yet i see nothing about getting european finance and banking under a singular eu law ? 
  double dutch is still a thing , no ? 
   without these regulations , entry barriers to other eu countries would be too high and our common market would be impossible . 
  if so , i say screw the common market . 
  no matter how you look at it , it is easier to write a law that fits norway than it is to write one that fits norway , denmark , greece , germany etc etc etc. 
   no one needs the eu to regulate the size of shower heads . 
  supposedly this is done to help industry produce one widget and sell it across the whole of eu . 
  a nice idea , but gets nuts in practice . 
  as an norwegian i have seen how crazy it can get . 
  one example is the eu definition of a moped . 
  in norway it was a 60km/h vehicle to allow reasonably quick travel in rural areas . 
  in denmark is was much lower ( not quite sure on the numbers ) to allow it to be used on bicycle paths . 
  end result was a 45km/h eu moped ... or more recently , rest time for transport drivers . 
  the coast of norway is dotted with fjords . 
  often quite wide ones . 
  as such , ferry travel can take half an hour or more . 
  but under eu regulations , ferry travel is not applicable as a rest period . 
  if anything like norway it is one part that , and one part that the populists appeal to workers as consumers . 
  this by talking over and over about the prices of everything , but neglecting to talk about how the price paid turn into wages in a continual circulation . 
  end result is that they play worker against worker . 
  and funnily most bible thumpers seems to ignore the hippy stuff and head straight for the laws of moses . 
  meh , religion is not the problem . 
  the problem is hardline authoritarian mindsets . 
  edit : btw , there was a shit storm in norway not long ago thanks to the release of a new bible translation . 
  this new translation toned down some of the wordings compared to the older one , and the hardliners were yelling about cats and dogs sleeping together ... or for a even further out there example , notice the number of thumpers over in usa that cling to their king james translation ... 
  thanks . 
  all too often people mix faith , culture , looks and whatsnot , and only really lash out at what is `` unfamiliar '' . 
   but i do n't consider being against islam racist since it is a belief not a race . 
  should i even bother ? 
  part of it may be sold on to sweden for a profit , and they again sell it to norway for same . 
  hand them some politicians , the blubber should keep them sated until winter . 
  given recent news , apparently it already is . 
  basically the recent building boom is happening on less than solid ground , and this is having some rather unfortunate effects on existing structures ... 
  given some of the near religious assumptions found at the core of mainstream economic theories , i give it 50/50 . 
  you know it , i know it , but every time the ecb even hints at opening the money valve they get brow beaten into submission by the german representatives . 
  i recent years i have come to fear that our national bureaucracy is overrun by oil interests . 
  as such any attempts at diversification becomes a joke , if not a outright con . 
  then again , i am also iffy about any sort of `` union '' . 
  i suspect they are terrified to initiate another weimar . 
  thing is that said hyperinflation was about exchange rate and domestic production . 
  with little to no domestic production there was little to export , and so the money printed to pay of the foreignly denominated war reparations ended up crashing the exchange rate . 
  meaning that every installment had to have more money printed than the last one . 
  if instead the money had gone into bootstrapping domestic production , that was then exported , and the profits from that used to pay the reparations , the exchange rate issues would not have emerged , and likely the amount of money printing needed would never have reached the level it did . 
  sometimes i wonder if the american variant of the language is deliberately confusing ... 
  ah , i think we may encompass different amounts with `` government '' . 
  i dunno about gamberro , but for me government ends with capitol hill . 
  for you it seems to encompass the whole bureaucracy . 
  i do n't think the problem is size , it is that it is pretty much set up to go into gridlock at the drop of a hat . 
  i all honesty , the polandball stuff is not helping . 
  am i reading it right in saying that norway and russia is about even ? 
  if so i am surprised the norwegian share is that large . 
  i suspect tho that it would be more likely that russia could cover the removal of norway , than norway covering the removal of russia . 
  population density ? 
  heck , some of it could pass for norway ... 
  everyone see what you drive , very few see where you live ... 
  he may even consider usa and the eu to have had a active part in driving the russian economy into the hands of oligarchs after the soviet fall . 
  after all , usa sent over an fervent free marketer to help the transition . 
  end result was something that was very similar to south america in the past , and what iraq got after the `` liberation '' . 
  mental gymnastics is a classic among the religious , no matter the religion ... 
  why do i get the feeling that something was lost in translation ? 
  not likely . 
  even 3 % may well be a pipe dream these days ( unless eu goes nuts and pulls a `` marshal plan '' on its newer members ) . 
  so it is not a uniquely norwegian problem ... 
  there are two kinds of debt tho , public and private . 
  the recent crisis , and the problem for japan , is private debt centered . 
  japan in the 80s had a private spending boom thanks to their export driven profits . 
  and the deleveraging of that spending boom is still ongoing . 
  the irony is that the current eu/us crisis is pretty much a rerun of the japanese decade , but usa making less of the mistakes of japan while eu pretty much following the same path . 
  but eu is not a coherent nation like usa and japan . 
  the closest comparison i have i pre-civil war usa . 
  then again , russia getting pushy may well save eu . 
  this by presenting a common external enemy to close ranks against . 
  pretty much . 
  our brains seems only able to juggle the relations to some 150 people . 
  go beyond that and people become strangers virtually over night . 
  question is , how are those hierarchies formed . 
  if only ... hierarchies are likely hardwired into us from our monkey ancestry . 
  as such , if nations go away i suspect corporations or some similar entity will take its place . 
  the problem is when the hierarchy grows so large that those on top do not know the names or faces of the masses at the bottom . 
  i do n't see this trend . 
  in the general population , no . 
  but there is still a sizable subset , in particular in the south and west . 
  and those seems to speak up more these days . 
  and that is likely not much different from out newer members of society . 
  a few loudmouths that given the other loudmouths to yell back , while the moderates/agnostics at both sides shakes their head and hope it will all simmer down soon . 
  thing is , that the `` help '' we ( west , to particularly usa ) gave ended up pretty much face planting what little economy they had after the soviet system . 
  this giving rise to the oligarchs , and then putin as the strong man to clean up the oligarchs . 
  btw , i expect iraq to follow a very similar pattern . 
  they were rammed through pretty much the same economic reform , with a full on military `` liberation '' on top . 
  while they ca n't field the same military might as russia can , i expect that some strong man will eventually rise to clean up the nation . 
  the region is likely to become even more `` interesting '' when that happens . 
  less overtly oppressive . 
  there is the jailing of various whistleblowers . 
  norway seems to be in pretty much the same state . 
  i guess we were lulled into thinking that with the fall of the soviet union , russia would stay broken and anemic . 
  end result , no real near border threat , and so we could focus on foreign adventures ... 
  the irony is that some of the same behavior was seen during the later american immigrations . 
  the cultural difference may not have been as glaring , but new york apparently sported a norwegian ghetto for a number of years .
