  makes you wonder how much contact there was between the nordics and the east by way of russia . 
  makes one wonder if various mythical races were actually distant cultures . 
  got ta love that jingoism . 
  the most clever thing christianity did was absorb various local pre-christian social/cultural events into their own practices , effectively taking over rituals related to births , transitions to adulthood , and death . 
  sounds like classic conservatism . 
  capitalism , red in tooth and claw . 
  1 . it depends on the nation having less than 100 % employment . 
  2 . it must only be used for domestic projects . 
  nordic style social-democracy however ... 
  the only part that is at odds with my initial claim is the industrial part , but that depends on the kinds of industry that was collectivized . 
  logistics and communication being collective can still allow free market to operate on top . 
  it may even improve the operations of free market by making it easier for startups to form . 
  i recall a supposed statement from hitler that he would rather have teeth pulled than negotiate with franco . 
  dunno about anyone else , but for me the free market can only operate on top of a government maintained level playing field . 
  collective control over basic transport and communications allow private enterprise to compete on services delivered on top of that infrastructure . 
  if the infrastructure is left in private hands , there is nothing stopping them from playing favorites . 
  at the time communism was seen as the bigger threat by the elite on both sides of the atlantic . 
  fascists , in their view , at least respected property rights . 
  education can only do so much when they feel alienated from their parents when trying to fit in with classmates , and from classmates if they try to fit in with parents . 
  i know from personal experience how harsh school life can be if you are even a little bit out of step with the unstated social norm . 
  for me it was not about foreign parents however , but undiagnosed mental issues . 
  and on a side note . 
  i recall reading about similar ghetto issues in new york related to norwegians . 
  apparently there was a area of the city were newspapers were in norwegian , the street banter was more likely to be in norwegian than english and so on . 
  and the area was a hot spot for trouble . 
  kids of immigrants are caught between a rock and a hard place . 
  parents are likely still following the culture of the old country . 
  and so the kids end up at odds with their parents if they try to emulate their classmates , and at odds with their classmates if they emulate their parents . 
  end result is that the only place they feel at ease are among each other . 
  by the way , there was a norwegian survey done among immigrants in oslo that showed something interesting . 
  immigrants that stayed in touch with their relatives in the old country was more likely to maintain the cultural behavior from there , while those that broke ties were more likely to adopt `` norwegian '' behavior . 
  in essence , peer pressure is massive when it comes to dealing with behavior . 
  integration is not a over night thing . 
  it is a process that can take generations . 
  likely much like anyone talking about welfare and government involvement was a commie . 
  that a nation needs to borrow is a holdover from the days when they were run by dictators and payed their expenses in metal . 
   what do structural problems even mean at this point ? 
  too high wages , pensions and welfare payouts for the majority of the population ... / s, 
  bah , let them be spooked . 
  cheap borrowing is what lead to the whole ponzi style house flipping in the first place . 
  he may bite . 
  got ta love that midnight sun . 
  consider it the same as the gossip press . 
  nobody will admit to reading it , yet everyone manages to keep abreast about the latest `` scandals '' said press writes about . 
   unites err , it seems to be the one thing that can turn the nordics against each other ... 
  given that blue is the customary right wing color in europe ... 
  in other words , 1910s norway pulled a euro ... 
  part of the problem for germany at the time was war reparations denominated in foregin currency , and a devastated industry . 
  end result was print run after print run of marks , to buy foreign currency for paying said reparations . 
  if the debt remains denominated in euro we could have a rerun of weimar germany . 
  huh , when did cdma phones use sim ? 
  or are we talking about the lte model ( likely to not support the right frequencies ) ? 
  indeed . 
  even the doctorates have risk ( inherently unpredictable ) and uncertainty ( statistically predictable , like a coin toss ) confused . 
  gon na get more painful , as the last thing you want if your a debter is to be unemployed while there is a deflation going . 
  requiring is one thing , offering public courses is another . 
  like cold war berlin , but without the oppressive bits . 
  edit : a maps pin link : http://goo.gl/maps/qfzaf in essence there is a oddly shaped piece of belgium inside netherlands , that has pierces of netherlands inside it again . 
  one such piece seems to be a farm . 
  basically a planted field and a couple of houses . 
  in desperate times people reach for desperate measures ... 
  agree on both , tho it saddens me how effective a `` x is too damn expensive , and you have our opposing political entity to thank for it '' argument is ... 
  ah yes , eurovision . 
  the one event where the friendly cross border banter turns serious ... 
  indeed . 
  what people complain about high prices ( or go gaga about low prices ) , they need to take local average wage into account . 
  there was a petrol price comparison linked on reddit a while back . 
  and while norway had the highest at pump price tag , once salary was taken into account norwegians could get more fuel than locals where the price was the lowest . 
  now sure , one can dream about having the highest salaries and the lowest prices . 
  but doing on the spot price comparisons without considering local wage levels are in my opinion a waste of time , and should be left to the tabloid press . 
  huh ? 
  what state capital ? 
  banks in essence print money on every loan , as they are nothing but a ledger entry these days . 
  as long as they can show that they have the appropriate reserve amount at each accounting term , they can lend as much as they jolly please . 
  and to balance those books at term they can both get additional reserves ( deposits , that may well be another banks loans via a third party transaction ) or get rid of excess loans ( hello cdos ) . 
  inside , perhaps not . 
  on top of it however ... 
  international calls no less ... 
  there is a line somewhere between saving for retirements and having a personal estate in every nation , a fleet of personal jets on hot standby , and enough sports cars to start your own racing league . 
  not sure if this kind turns to stone when exposed to sunlight . 
  what is that japanese term again ... 
  that 's assuming said corporations do not operate out of tax haven and such . 
  with the historic irony that every nation that today can be called industrial in any serious sense basically bootstrapped themselves to that status by ignoring foreign `` ip '' . 
  made in japan was once such a omen , go fig . 
  never mind that your mentioned shitstorm is the equivalent of cardinals arguing about the number of angels on the head of a pin . 
  the idea , at least with the kind of derivative that aetheistan describes ( collateralized debt obligations , cdo ) was that they would slice up the mortgages so that some of the high chance of default was inserted among the low chance to default . 
  the theory being that even if the high chance defaults hit the low chance defaults would overall provide a profit over the period of the derivatives existence . 
  honestly , the economic thinking that all this builds on is more religion than science . 
  this even tho they have stacks upon stacks of graphs and mathematical formulas to back their claims . 
  because underneath it all is a pile of assumptions regarding risk , uncertainty ( the two are not equivalent ) , how people behave ( when an economist talk about rational , they unknowingly invoke nostradamus ) , and a whole lot more . 
  pirates and hippies , match made while high ? 
  a central problem in this is how to support those that really want to do something , while rooting out those that just go from bankruptcy to bankruptcy or other questionable behavior . 
  i know . 
  best i can tell the fear only applies to governmental registers . 
  over the years i have gotten the impression that your average american have a illogical fear ( that in the words of the green dude sometimes turns to hatred ) of government , while a equally illogical love of corporations . 
  for me both are necessary evils of organized activity , and so needs to be kept an eye on . 
  in as much as it ties in with surveillance state ( and for some , the sign of the beast ) , yes . 
  it hinges on a ingrained fear of central registers . 
  more likely to be transitory than settled ? 
  sadly the nordic model seems on the path towards thatcherism .
