  when people look the other way it is because whoever is doing it holds some power over them . 
  and the easiest power to acquire is money ( either directly , or the ability to strip them of their job and future employment opportunities ) . 
  norway could really use more tracks . 
  but they compete for space with roads in a already complicated terrain ... 
  gorbachev was trying to sort it , hardliners did n't approve , end result was a chain of events that dismantled the whole soviet system . 
  if that 's not a solid case of irony i do n't know what is . 
  i was wondering how long it would take . 
  the simple thing about integration is that people badly underestimate how long it takes . 
  and most `` christians '' only show up in church for births , deaths and weddings . 
  european nations had masses of them earlier , but two big wars in as many generations seemed to have thinned them out ( for now ) . 
  the historic population likely helps massively compared to other nations , as the initial immigration is already generations in the past . 
  i am talking based on personal observations , and in very general terms , but as best i can tell the generation that immigrate do n't radicalize after immigration ( either they are radicals when immigrating or do so to avoid radicals in their old country ) . 
  the second/third do because of alienation issues , as they feel at odds with both the society they live in and their ( grand ) parents . 
  i think you will find most radicals are the kids and grandkids of those that originally immigrate . 
   people saying they believe in god ? 
  or attending sunday church ? 
  that 's more of a tradition and less of a religion . 
  and that is what makes debating religion so difficult . 
  religion has incorporated so many social rituals and traditions , and trying to separate one from the other is like untying a gordian knot . 
  and that is why you find more radicals in minorities . 
  in particular the second , or later , generation of such . 
  much harder to maintain a radical mentality when the counterpoint is right outside the door . 
  reminds me that more fights happen up north during summer ... 
  sibling rivalry i guess one can call it . 
  i think perhaps you are overlooking the swing from thinking collectively to `` me first '' that has happened over the last few generations . 
  sweden , norway , not sure i can tell the difference right now ... 
  now that 's one hell of a [ rabbit hole ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassins ) ... 
  what is the chance that they do see it , and want it that way ? 
  why is my first thought `` mistress helga '' ? 
  as long as the bill was denominated in their own currency at least . 
  if not the exchange rate would go nuts , and they would find themselves in a situation not that different from weimar germany or zimbabwe . 
  in essence a race between printing money to pay and the exchange rate turning it into tissue paper . 
  for some inexplicable reason , politicians on all levels seems ignorant to the cycle of money . 
  the basic one is something like production  wages  consumption  production . 
  stoppages in one part may take some time to manifest itself elsewhere , but it inevitably will . 
  what is happening is that greece , spain , etc has sharply reduced the consumption that , in part , drove the demand for german and french products , that again drove french and german consumption via wages paid to workers at the factories etc. 
  a economy without consumption is like a human body without air . 
  eventually the heart stops beating . 
   was is the euro that allowed the spanish housing market to form such a huge bubble , or was it the spanish politicians ? 
  likely neither , outside of the euro facilitating lending across borders . 
  the basic problem with all bubbles are that economists largely ignore private debt . 
  orthodox economic theory cling to the idea of banks just being intermediaries between two people agreeing to loan a shovel or some other physical item . 
  meaning that if they consider money and debt at all , they do it as if it was just another commodity like iron or grain . 
   the german economic policy is based on fear of inflation from 1923 where an egg costed 750 billion mark . 
  glad i am not the only one thinking that . 
  what they seem to miss tho is the circumstances that said inflation happened in . 
  a pretty much devastated industry and having to pay reparations in foreign currencies . 
  end result was a exchange rate in free fall . 
   imo that encourages a way of thinking where national parliaments would look for european legislation that would benefit their national interests and try to sell it to the rest sums up politics in eternity . 
  btw i suspect the `` propose amendments '' would come from other members that have other national interests in mind , and hopefully land on a consensus that is at least palatable for all . 
  encountered more than one person that held the opinion that disney movies must be seen in english , full stop . 
  could have sworn some travel show stopped by a drive through grocery store once . 
  looked to me like a converted barn ... 
  ca n't orange this enough . 
  basically what big business does , and has been doing since at least the 80s if not earlier , is to play groups against each other to lower taxes and regulations with the promise of jobs . 
  this produce a race to the bottom , as can be observed in usa . 
  there i think the majority of big companies are incorporated in the state of delaware , simply because they have the lowest corporate taxes and the least number of regulations regarding incorporation . 
  the crazy thing is that what this also produce is that labor left and nationalist right end up joining hands because they both want their nation to be able to set its own rules and standards within its borders . 
  and why basic selfsufficiency is so damn important . 
  and ut goes all the way to the top ... http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/legacy/adamcurtis/2012/03/bodybuilding_and_nation-buildi.html, 
  one way to trash a server i guess . 
  where was it that a politician was seen surfing porn during the middle of a debate ? 
  seems she relishes the attention ... 
  reminds me of something i read about a disarmament agreement between usa and russia right after the soviet collapse . 
  it involved long range bombers , and apparently while russia plugged up the refueling lines on their bombers usa did not ... 
  do i sense a rocketing career in porn for the lady ? 
  ok , that a whole lot of cheap booze and meat ... 
  i honestly expected the polish flag , but i guess having a factory in poland but the company registered in norway makes it a company matter rather than straight up imports . 
  no surprises there . 
  those rules were put in while the likes of think was the top of the line electric car . 
  ever heard of conscription ? 
  true , populism have overruled most other tings these last decades . 
   2 ) find ways to make sure national production is prioritized to avoid channeling the public spending into imports , as it happened in 1980 's france , because that defeats the point . 
  i can already hear every damn economist going `` protectionism bad , m ` kay '' ... not to confuse that with me disagreeing with you . 
  what you are describing is in essence classical keynesian counter-cyclical government policy . 
  it was pretty much what kept shit running between the end of ww2 and the fall of the wall . 
  but that makes for boring economics for the banksters and day traders in the city and on wall street . 
  not sure if you have the right guy , or if i am missing some kind of reference . 
  you can pretty much use this to trace the norwegian road network ... 
  yep , things like this happen ever so often . 
  and every sat launched is indeed insured . 
  anything even vaguely political on here these days should be read with a solid application of [ hanlon 's razor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanlon%27s_razor ) . 
  err ? 
  funny , not something i recall from personal experience . 
  i have at least one relative that gave up farming because the factory job paid better and allowed for more leisure time ( you 're not living on the job for one ) . 
  plenty of fat cat companies tho , i suspect . 
  we have something like 4 different chains/distributors right now . 
  and one of them was recently trying to partner up with another because they felt they could no longer keep up with the rest . 
  then again , lidl tried to set up shop in norway some years back . 
  and they ended up publically shamed for their business practices ... 
  there was a interesting article the other day when our new agriculture minister checked prices on non-taxed goods between norway and sweden and found price differences that could not be explained by either exchange rates or wages . 
  do wonder if there ever will be a follow-up or if she will get a `` explanation '' behind closed doors ... 
  the guy is in shipping and has been hounded by the tax authorities for years ... 
  richest guy in norway owns a grocery store chain , most common complaint in norway is food prices , but it is the farmers that gets yelled at when they ask for anything close to a factory wage ... 
  yep . 
  makes one wonder how it all would have looked today had gorby been allowed to complete his project . 
  then again , the overnight runaway capitalism that yeltsin introduced was , from what i understand , an american `` suggestion '' . 
  goes back further than that : http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/legacy/adamcurtis/2012/03/bodybuilding_and_nation-buildi.html, 
  funny thing about that monarch . 
  he was put in place thanks to cia and mi6 , removing a democratically elected leader in the process .
