  he is a big tent preacher stripped of religion . 
  populism ? 
  something i think is as old as rome itself . 
   for the parents , it is hopefully an eye-opener . 
  if this is the kind of people i suspect they are , they will just take it as a sign that they must believe harder . 
  as god is either testing their faith , or punishing them for the lack of same . 
  i feel sorry for the kids for having to make what may be the ultimate sacrifice for their parents beliefs . 
  so basically , what bergen lacks in days it makes up for in amount ... 
  not what i was going for , but clearly i have to spell things out . 
  the cold war has supposedly ended , yet russia seems to behave just as much a thug now as when it was communist ( if not more ) . 
  but now it is all ok ( at least in the eyes of big bro usa ) , as we are all capitalists ... 
  thuggery on a international scale ... 
  but now that we are all capitalists , it is just the price of doing business ... 
  would have gone with a bowler . 
  just one , that the instinct for procreation is more powerful than the instinct for self-preservation . 
  never mind that likely most that are branded pedo never got off on prepubescent kids , but are instead caught in the crack between biology and age of consent laws . 
  not sure anything can be done unless neoliberal globalism is reversed , as even with high tech industry getting off the ground it will be largely automated . 
  and trying to compensate for the increased unemployment via taxation will just drive said industry into foreign hands . 
  it is in essence a no-win situation . 
  i am surprised they tried to label it as sexual assault rather than indecent exposure . 
  would love to have a swedish article on this , as i suspect there is quite a bit of detail missing in the translation ( both in terms of language and culture ) . 
  never mind the bit at the end invoking the `` pedophile '' scare ... 
  the alpha-machos ca n't be flawed , so the problem has to be external . 
  and so they proceed to find it and beat it into submission ... / s, 
  same problem in norway . 
  and i think a recent trend is to hire via a foreign agency that is expected to handle housing and wages . 
  all too often what is found is that one contract is presented to the norwegian company and union , while quite another is what the actual worker is presented with back home . 
  the agency then pockets the difference . 
  as for the change in voting pattern , i think the push for individualism have a impact . 
  i suspect workers today look upon themselves as single man companies for hire more than wage workers . 
  this then push them more towards whatever camp favors easing rules on smaller businesses . 
  quite so . 
  rather than outright ban , define purity requirements and such in a similar manner to alcohol percentage . 
  that kicks the central column out from under the illegal market . 
  then you go after the people that sell to minors and under the table , much like you go after people trading moonshine . 
  and this also opens the door for addicts to get help without fear of being criminally prosecuted . 
  just for reference : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_red, 
  i swear there is no live recording of the guy without one or more songs being partially ad lib-ed . 
  he has also performed the song while playing a ski nailed to a rocking chair , with a old washing machine used as amplifier ... 
  not unknown for norwegian hunters to confuse moose and cow either . 
  and just for the hell of it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7riwtduuhxg, 
  sweden with a rifle gets spooked by a shadow , only for it to be norway riding past on a cow ? 
  just do n't bring usa or that may well be a very perforated cow ... 
  `` survival of the fittest '' ? 
  also , it reinforces my thinking that genetically we are still apes sitting on a hill . 
  something that seems to apply the world over ... 
  groundwater contamination . 
  both from the gas itself , and from the chemical fluid used to build hydraulic pressure . 
  nah , just your bog standard fiberglass insulation . 
  the bit held up is likely just a plastic sheet applied to help in handling it . 
  this guide seems to be for the foreign exchange bankers and merchants , and so leave out the lower denominations that most people used for everyday trade . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_skilling for a scandinavian example . 
  i guess dollar and daler ( thaler in germany , i believe ) was close enough to make sense across languages . 
  i guess it is just damn hard to get a grip on just how much ice there is down south ... 
  now that i think about it , my home village would turn into a new branch of the exiting one . 
  and my parents would gain a beach property ... 
  i am usually not someone to take a issue with this topic , but 72 meters sound strangely high even for all polar ice and whatsnot melting . 
  i would have been really surprised if someone did n't post that one . 
  corporations are by definition economic gluttons . 
  their one purpose is to consume profits by any means , no matter the long term consequences . 
   the idea that education serves the individual 's own gain , and so an individual should invest in themself , is an amazing marketing coup . 
  welcome to the neolib world , where you 're a island all to yourself . 
  yep , the name is pretty much a remnant of when politics were mostly done by the urban elite . 
  v 's name is a remnant of when politics were for the urban elite . 
  at that time they were more liberal ( leftist ) than h ( conservatives ) . 
  but since the rise of industrial workers unions and ap , the center of norwegian politics has shifted to the left over v historical position . 
  honestly tho , ap have in recent decades moved rightwards . 
  this resulting in the creation of sv , and recently r\u00f8dt ( red , a coalition of old marxist/communist parties ) trying to rebrand itself as the new workers party . 
  and mdg , like the pirate party , is a single issue party . 
  as such , there is no coherent platform outside that issue , and their take on various topics are all over the map ( agreeing with frp on some topics , sv on others ) . 
  i swear i typed decade ... 
  you mentioned german industry fueling the welfare state . 
  thing is that said industry have largely been kept afloat in recent decades by keeping wages stagnant to maintain favorable exports . 
  meaning that the investments in industry did n't really work out long term . 
  it has just not come to such a screeching halt as the uk system did under thatcher . 
  germany has had near stagnant wages for nearly a year now , fuel by exporting to the euro zone and elsewhere . 
  pretty much , as while it may not look so on the surface , the nation is slowly rotting from dutch disease . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_disease anything that do not directly or indirectly touch on oil extraction ends up being shut down and moved abroad year after year . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_public_management this in essence sum up the problem . 
  i wonder what happened to that iranian non-usd oil market ... 
  uk retains bases on cyprus , go figure ... 
  not so much computers as accessories tho . 
  not sure if the poster in the example is european , much less scandinavian . 
  that is , if it was a choice . 
  perhaps it was all they could find ? 
  petro-money ? 
  new guard , same as old guard ... 
  landmines , not precidency ? 
  ah yes , that adds a extra twist to the us take on corporations . 
  treating them as legal persons for purposes of fitting them into the whole property ownership framework initially . 
  since then it has snowballed to the point that lawyers have used the first amendment to allow corporations to run massive lobbying . 
  computers became collections of asian made commodity parts . 
  before than you have boards and cases being made as a designed whole . 
  but with the at ( later atx ) motherboard and power supply standard , anyone could slap together a pc by picking off the shelf commodity parts . 
  so in essence the mirror image of the stereotypical loud american tourist in europe . 
  indeed . 
  tho the corporations is a very modern invention . 
  the closest we have from back when the current systems of democracy was set up in europe were things like the british east india company . 
  and the creation of that required a very specific royal charter , making it easier to dismantle than the current corporation . 
  as best i can tell , the present day limited liability corporations are an american creation .
