  frankly , the problem for nokia was innovators dilemma mixed in with a solid dose of boardroom meddling ( the same kind of meddling you see dragging down hp ) . 
  they already had symbian as a smartphone platform , but it was getting long in the tooth ( but could still demonstrate things like bluetooth mouse support and `` desktop '' usage that we barely see in android today ) . 
  maemo had been a `` research '' project for some time ( only the n900 and later were actual phones , tho 770 to n810 shared ui concepts with symbian series 90 found on the 7700 and 7710 ) . 
  end result was that they could not get full economic commitment towards maemo because it was afraid it would undercut the earning of symbian . 
  meaning that they worried more on dividends than long term company survival . 
  and so there was company infighting , and the purchase of trolltech ( and their qt framework ) was an attempt to resolve that by using qt as a single framework for both maemo and symbian . 
  but at the same time they merged their maemo efforts with intel 's moblin to form meego . 
  except that intel was still wedded to using gtk , and also moved to using rpm for package management with moblin 2 . 
  so soon after maemo 5 and the n900 ( something that split the existing maemo community down the middle ) the board ousted the ceo and brought in elop . 
  and the rest is history . 
  more like bet hedging . 
  it was , and is , a exit strategy in case google gets uppity . 
  motorola got brow beaten by google when they tried to bundle something other than maps . 
  yet samsung was able to get the original galaxy tab shipped with android 2.2 even tho google insisted that all android devices were to be phones at the time . 
  meaning that samsung is making damn sure they have leverage against google , or anyone else they are `` parnering '' with . 
  this is complaining about luxury cars while the bread and butter family cars are undercut by cheaper asian models . 
  samsung , and later huawei , was what starved nokia , not apple . 
  this because they undercut nokia in the featurephone market . 
  well i 'm charmed . 
  noted , and i see i have caused a bit of confusion . 
  my reference was more to it crowd than father ted . 
  dunno the last time i did , at least live . 
  and the few recordings recall watching , the audience laugh was not cranked to 11 and timed as if it was rehearsed . 
  canned , cued , still gets on my nerves because it does not allow jokes to stand on their own . 
  do wonder how much it is companies exploiting wage differences etc. . . 
  yep , i think that would be the most sensible . 
  legislation to that effect seems to be in the draft stake in norway , but sadly the wording seems to be so wide that it may make it criminal for doctors to do humanitarian aid ... 
  sadly it took a massive war to knock some sense into the previous generations ... 
  meh , there are two kinds of right wing . 
  nationalistic right wing , and economic right wing . 
  the former oppose eu because they see eu as trampling national sovereignty . 
  the later embrace eu because it allows them to play nations against each other in a race to the bottom on wages etc. 
  almost happened during the cuban crisis ... 
   its eastern neighbor and ** former ruler ** what was the point of including the part i highlighted , reuters ? 
  and from the other end of europe , here is an article of one that showed up in norway a few months back . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_cochabamba_protests history may not repeat , but damn it ... 
  i would love to , if they came without the damn laugh track ... 
  i do believe the fishes shown are cod and herring . 
  staple foods for generations all along the coastline . 
  surprised they did n't use this to intro a 50kr coin , as apparently the notes has to be replaced quite often . 
  in this day and age perhaps . 
  need more coffee !, 
  supposedly there is a small percentage that get more sleepy from caffeine . 
  and then isis goes on to claim the clampdown is showing europe 's `` true colors '' ... 
  had years of practical training . 
  well language was my worst grades ... 
   and putin wants a siege mentality to distract russians from economic problems . 
  seems oddly familiar ... 
  `` those that do n't learn from history is cursed to repeat it '' . 
  well the basic idea behind sdi is to take out the warheads before they reach their target . 
  question is not what to gain , but if the nations leadership can end up in a situation with nothing to lose by pressing the button . 
  honestly it seems that after the wall came down and the soviet system no longer acted as a example to beat , politics across europe has lurched ever rightwards . 
  i guess context is everything ... 
  was it the imf that recently warned germany about keeping too strong a current account ? 
   the deflation rate should usually i think you got your inflation inverted . 
  anyways , i highly agree that the german political sphere seems to have a phobia about inflation . 
  this even tho both the weimar situation and the more recent zimbabwe situation was more about a tanking exchange rate than out and out inflation . 
  this because both were trying to cover foreign expenses ( weimar ww1 reparations , zimbabwe trying to keep a broken nation running ) while having virtually no exports , thus driving the exchange rate into the ground . 
  thus every new round of foreign expenses had to involve a larger sum of local currency . 
  likely `` fishermen '' here means the owners of large factory trawlers etc , calling themselves fishermen to appear as if they speak on behalf of the guys hauling lines and nets from the back of small coastal boats . 
  heh , and here i thought that uk already had this in print ... 
  i wonder if the trick is that usa do not have a national religion , and as such religious and social rituals are not as blended . 
  heh , i guess most fervent believers in usa see the place as a den of hedonistic sin . 
  and would likely love to wipe it off the face of the earth if they could get the power to do so . 
  there may be a few beings in the marvel universe that can be considered gods , but most that claim such status are extradimentional or extraterrestrial beings of immense , but not omnipotent , might . 
  they will just try to claim the spot where jerusalem used to be ... 
  indoctrination is indoctrination , all that differs is what trappings it gets wrapped in ... 
  seems to be the headline of the linked to article . 
  surprise surprise . 
  seems the same thing happened in norway in the last year or two . 
  do wonder if it is the same contractor involved ... 
  not even a mouse , but a picture of a mouse . 
  i find myself reminded of a story i ran into about a `` professional '' womanizer . 
  he claimed that danish ladies were impossible , because his standard tactic was to offer economic assurances . 
  bah , its all the same with these politicans . 
  they scream about undue regulations on anything they like doing or consuming , but then turn right round and regulate just as harshly something they do n't like . 
  if you want to get to grips with politics today , you need a two axis system of sorting . 
  social and economic . 
  on both of them one end is liberal and one end is conservative . 
  i swear that once you 're done you will find that most big parties are on the conservative half of the social axis , and only varied in their take on economic issues . 
  especially as things are entering a `` vicious '' cycle where non-internet sources shut down because `` everyone is online '' . 
  bah , capitalism seems to have turned neo-feudal . 
  i 'll just leave this here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debate_over_the_atomic_bombings_of_hiroshima_and_nagasaki, 
  oh they were making attempts , but there was a issue with how the emperor would be treated . 
  i did not say it was not brutal . 
  but to the best of my knowledge the japanese leadership did n't really start to push for a end of the war , until it was clear to them that the russians would get involved with a land offensive . 
  meh , international politics reminds me of a eternal high school ... 
  odd how norway cease to exist for a number of panels , when it would be more correct to show it chained to denmark and then sweden as is done various other places . 
  not sure if i want to get embroiled in this , but i got the impression that japan did n't really freak until the war in europe was over and the russians started moving troops eastwards . 
  between that and the balls version of european history , i think i need a stiff drink ... 
  depends on how large a portion of the aggregate population can be convince to think about themselves as europeans first . 
  and yet they will ignore it , much like most of the discussion here is ignoring that the no vote was within a narrow margin . 
  move to the south end perhaps ? 
  and sadly that kind of news has become a yearly joke in norway , thanks to borelia and ticks ... 
  industry or fianance ? 
  one would think that putin is familiar with afghanistan ... 
  the euro zone is interlinked , lower spending one place leads to lower employment elsewhere etc. 
  here is the thing tho : if both the government and the private sector are saving , then where is the consumption spending that keep industry in operation going to come from ? 
  but they do n't help much if the weapon was in a nearby vehicle etc. 
  money most likely .
