  beaches and sunshine , and a bit more `` exotic '' than the mediterranean spots . 
  i guess one could argue for a exemption if one can prove that there is no net connection or smartphone in the residence . 
  but given how such a connection is becoming ever more vital for accessing both public and private services , that would be a hard case to argue . 
  sadly it is being marketed as a holiday destination ... 
  i think you 're comment ended up in the wrong thread . 
  and as i suspect i know what thread it meant for i will just say that i agree completely , but could not bring myself to yet again flog this apparently very dead and , sadly , very ignored horse . 
  that sounds like a flawed implementation of the concept to me , as the differentiation of service is exactly what network neutrality is supposed to abolish . 
  my freedoms end where yours begins and vice versa . 
  freedom is not a absolute , it is a tradeoff between individuals and/or groups . 
  network neutrality it will reduce the freedom of the isps to segment the market , but at the same time it will make the customers more free regarding their choice of providers . 
  this both in terms of base internet access and services on top of said access . 
  many situations that would tax a computer in the driving space would make a human drive go `` oh crap ! '', 
  and basically close their eyes and lock the brakes . 
  computers have in essence two things too their advantage , they do n't panic , and they have a situational awareness that humans , especially under stressed conditions , ca n't match . 
  well , it does deal with the brits ... 
  welcome to modern day feudalism . 
  more like he is anti-judaism , meaning he hates christians , jews and muslims with equal fervor . 
  in essence , he is a crackpots crackpot . 
  and if he had ceen convicted a decade later than he was , he would likely still be behind bars ... 
  hmm , the number is pr person pr day . 
  so difference nations may have the same total waste , but with differences in population the pr person ratio ends up different . 
  going from the [ data ] ( http://siteresources.worldbank.org/inturbandevelopment/resources/336387-1334852610766/annexl.pdf ) some 25 % ends up in landfills . 
  the rest is either compost , recycled , or turned into energy ( mostly local heating from what i understand ) . 
  vikernes was also sentenced before forvaring became law . 
  notice btw that forvaring was entered into law in 2002 , several years after vikernes was sentenced . 
  if he was sentenced today , he would likely have been given forvaring as well , and likely still be in jail . 
  also , norwegian law operates on the concept of rehabilitation . 
  meaning that the prison system is more than punishment , it attempts to turn the person into a functional member of society if possible . 
  yay , the confidence fairy is back in play ... 
  to them it is in absolute value , as they see their own wage , and the difference in price tags . 
  they do not know the wage payed to others . 
  that is because of wage levels , something that is curiously left out of these comparisons . 
  if nation a has a higher wage level than nation b , then goods may be cheaper , as percentage of wage , even tho the price is higher . 
  hilarious guy . 
  we got akevitt out of it , so i think we got out ahead , 
  electric typewriters old fashioned ? 
  problem is that there will be a all or nothing offer , and unless there is something really grossly offending to the people the sour will be voted in with the sweet . 
  oil money and equatorial weather ... 
  my understanding , tho likely lacking in various places , is that norwegians borrowed from the recently formed united states when drafting the foundation of modern norway . 
  and based on that , i have come to understand that the concept of freedom that the old republicans operated with was `` freedom from coercion '' . 
  meaning that the state existed to make sure that no man could be coerced , be it by physical force , economic force , or threats of same . 
  in other words , the suits are allowed to hold the common people 's money for ransom ... 
  they are everywhere , they just seems to be louder about it in usa . 
  surprised nobody has introduced him to esigs already . 
  and the exhaust will be localized in any case , making it easier to trap or deal with by other means . 
  heh , we all have our nutters . 
  been some years , but i recall that the norwegian christian party had members leave and form their own party , because they considered the old one too lenient . 
  then members of the new one left and formed their own party , again because the old party was to lenient . 
  luckily it seemed that all this did was to erode the voter base of the oldest one , to the point that they found themselves dropping the requirement of being a self-proclaimed christian to hold membership . 
  some states are better than others . 
  tho california is quite the mishmash . 
  i am surprised that part of south california has not put forth a motion to join up with arizona ... 
  religion boils down to a collection of social taboos , strictures , and rules of thumb , that is then given weight by invoking the authority of some distant parent figure . 
  when you have hit rock bottom the only way is up . 
  gah , my post got muddled and we basically agree . 
  i find myself thinking that the issue for both soviet and china was the insistence on a five year plan that one held to dogmatically . 
  then again , the west seems to have found themselves in a bind now because they left everything up to the notoriously short-time-ist `` free market '' . 
  i wonder if the focus on industrialization has turned nations worryingly brittle . 
  one need to maintain a long term goal , sure . 
  but it ca n't come at the cost of day to day practical survival . 
  poe 's law in action ... 
  from what i can tell , spent rods require reprocessing to get back to usefulness . 
  and this reprocessing is not exactly unproblematic . 
  i guess the argument is that a lftr can take unprocessed fuel rods . 
  and then you start summer vacation and your brain gets confused the other way round . 
  dpi would not help against proper encryption . 
  but mitm public key replacement will , if they can issue an appropriate certificate . 
  i wonder if this can be used to make comments on cultural influences ... 
  meaning that they have a massive lobbying cadre in dc , virtually for free ... 
  those massive cuts seems to have caused a mass exodus of people , driving the national welfare costs down as a result . 
  gdp can be pumped simply by playing the interest rate and feeding the stock market easy credit . 
  it is worthless as a measurement of national well being . 
  same in norway . 
  with the statement being made by some low rung government face , so that neither the prime minister nor the foreign minister could get tarnished by it . 
  except for the fringe left the politicians of norway either seems to think we owe usa a debt for the marshall plan , or think usa is how the world should be ( fringe right ) . 
  french cash already massively in operation inside iraq at the time ? 
  the enwmy of your enemy is your friend . 
  tho putin made a requirement that snowden could not accept . 
  yep , usa no longer had ussr . 
  as the low water mark for government behavior . 
  and so they are running rampant ... 
  nope . 
  i just think the quote i provided cast doubt on the `` begrudgingly supported '' . 
  https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/lyndon_b._johnson  fuck your parliament and your constitution . 
  america is an elephant . 
  cyprus is a flea . 
  greece is a flea . 
  if these two fleas continue itching the elephant , they may just get whacked good ... we pay a lot of good american dollars to the greeks , mr. 
  if your prime minister gives me talk about democracy , parliament and constitution , he , his parliament and his constitution may not last long ... 
  nor did it ... 
  nope , it was backed by usa . 
  as was various military dictatorships and juntas in south america and asia . 
  not surprising ... 
  / r/norway seems to be mostly tourism and immigration questions , and the less i say about / r/norge the better ... 
   btw the dude who said all that used to belong in the youth of epen which was a party aligned with the dictatorship in greece and there are pictures of him from those times out hunting communists with an axe . 
  i seem to have heard of him before . 
  i think boingboing had a interesting two us maps side by side once . 
  one map showed the density of people having passports ( mostly coastal ) . 
  the other showed density if obesity ( massive `` heartland '' representation ) . 
  oh the irony of clicking the ford commercial link , and getting presented by a ad for a norwegian mens clothes online store .
