  meaning english was hardly heard , newspapers were in norwegian , and the food was what one would expect to find in norway at the time . 
  then again , norway is in the middle of a flareup about abortion . 
  various doctors , mostly in the south , have for years been avoiding offering the procedure . 
  and the new government now seeks to codify that `` right '' of avoidance into law . 
  the harsh kind of christianity is still alive and well in norway , its members just do n't stand out as much in everyday life ... 
  ok ok , poor joke . 
  but given the context , both could to some degree apply . 
  but yeah , it was likely integration that was used and i had a major case of brain fart . 
  english not first language . 
   edit : the first thing that came to my mind from the last poster , was indeed the infamous `` ein volk , ein reich , ein f\u00fchrer '' . 
  heh , i have an relative that keeps saying that if hitler had done it eu style we would all be talking german by now . 
  i find myself reminded of a report a couple of years back from oslo . 
  it was found that the level of assimilation depended largely on the amount of contact the people had to their relatives `` back home '' . 
  less contact , faster assimilation . 
  more contact , slower assimilation . 
  some of us already share a border with russia ... 
  then again , when he got hands on with the war he basically lost . 
  as for organizational paralysis , it makes me think of more than one corporation over the years ... 
  supposedly in the 60s sweden invested in winter hardended trains . 
  but come 80s and neolib privatization they mostly ended up pulling freight ... 
  that 's the ongoing irony of war , they do accelerate the pace of science and technology . 
  that list was just painful to read . 
  listing the uniform twice , and then mentioning the pants ... 
  the problem is that nato has been pretty much used as mercenaries for individual member adventures abroad , when it was set up as a defensive pact . 
  in particular when it goes beyond military/government signal security and into the public sphere , like when they `` help '' formulate crypto standards . 
  pretty much happened in norway : mykvare . 
  dunno if anyone use it though . 
  as in , do n't spend `` national '' funds on bailing out `` those lazy piigs '' ? 
  that in itself is pretty much a watered down bastard of what keynes thought and wrote . 
  tempted to label them `` latte socialists '' , but that may speak unfairly of the latte ... 
  i have no idea how anyone eurosceptic could be pro-austerity ... 
  the great depression , anyone ? 
  most places seems to depend on buss services that are on tender to the lowest bidder . 
  from a relative i have learned that public transport in and around stavanger basically sucks . 
  yep . 
  the norwegian name for it would be smalahove . 
  the result of this ama is not surprising , given earlier threads on the subject ... 
  they are constantly fretting about a wave of elderly ( post-war generation ) and how the current system will not be able to cope . 
  their solution is either new public management ( run health care as if it was private , with arbitrary `` productivity '' goals ) , or open up healthcare to the free market . 
  you would n't know it if you listened to norwegian politicians ... 
  and who would they learn from ? 
  economic theory is a house of cards built on a foundation of axioms that do not stand up to scrutiny . 
  best i can tell is that hospitals pump up the price because insurance companies will try everything to negotiate it down ( same way they try every excuse to not pay out to the insured in other situations ) . 
  and crap like that is spreading elsewhere . 
  norway just got a minister of agriculture that came straight from a political marketing company . 
  conflict of interest issues and such abound . 
  surprise surprise . 
  with english being lingua franca of the world , most people at the age of 30 or younger can follow a show without subtitles or dubbing ( and quite often the official subtitles reeks ) . 
  these days i think it is easier to sort between socially liberal ( gay rights and all that ) and economic liberal ( big business uber alles ) . 
   britain , france and america agree that germany threw the first punch , so the whole thing is germany 's fault . 
  while germany is still unconscious , they go through its pockets , steal its wallet , and buy drinks for all their friends . 
  setting the stage for germany going on a armed robbery spree some years later . 
  norway has the option to veto , but it almost bever happens ( and causes a massive political argument in norway ) . 
  the latest was a postal directive that opens up for competition on letter delivery . 
  the government then in charge vetoed as a last hurrah after losing the election , and the new government seem poised to reverse that veto . 
  neither . 
  individual shows may have merit , but in aggregate it just ends up being meh no matter the source . 
  sure , its a mess to get out into the atlantic from the baltic . 
  but it 's not like they are land locked . 
  the ppp one give a 404 error . 
   interestingly in scotland only coins are legal tender . 
  scottish and boe notes are not . 
  sounds like a law that has outlived itself . 
  lets not overlook the civil war . 
  i really do wonder what the map would look like if the north had not won . 
  given his love for driving ( and quick excuses ) , i am sure frp will welcome him with open arms . 
  meh , this topic has always been about preserving some kind of masculine `` ideal '' . 
  to the men in power lesbians are just a threesome waiting for the right man ... 
  it is interesting how many can drop chapter and verse of eu treaties into the debates these days ... 
  seems like gun nut and free market neoliberal go hand in hand given the voting pattern on recent threads . 
  love the voting pattern in here . 
  from the article text it seems he was not storing them properly , and also not storing the ammunition properly , and the house was a mess in general . 
  meaning that the police are removing the guns to get a proper account of them , and also properly securing anything explosive related to that . 
  if both sides continue to benefit , why ? 
  that would make poor economic sense . 
  hard to say , as the reason norway wanted to be a part of schengen was that it was incompatible with the nordic agreement ( as best i recall from back then ) . 
  it is , if we are talking cooperating sovereign nations and not districts within a singular nation . 
  i could have sworn their treaties where done on individual topic basic , not as a all-or-nothing package `` deal '' . 
  honestly , this is what lead to the us civil war . 
  more and more dictates from dc about internal state affairs . 
  at least it has put the true colors of eu into view . 
  so now i have proof of why norwegian politicians bend over backwards to avoid pulling a directive veto . 
  cherry pick my foot ... 
  most of them do not own means of production outright . 
  they own a portfolio of papers allowing them to claim a share of the products from companies owning meaning of production , as well as government and corporate bonds , and various easy to liquidate assets like gold ( or even futures contracts saying they will buy x amount of an asset at y price at some specified time in the future ) . 
  in essence , it is better to be a rentier than being a honest to deity manufacturer . 
  a problem as old as capitalism . 
  i recall reading that around the height of the british empire , a gentleman was expected to retire `` with competence '' . 
  meaning he would have built up enough savings that taking out an allowance ( or even just collecting the interest/rent ) would allow him to live in relative comfort for his remaining years . 
  this is the kind of life you see portrayed in sherlock holmes stories , where holmes and watson are living of their `` competence '' and keeping themselves entertained by solving criminal puzzles . 
  the alternative would be to lounge around in a gentleman 's club all day . 
   you might laugh at music and video stores going out of business because of internet pirating , but that causes the # of jobs to go down . 
  itms , netflix and amazon is a more likely cause of stores closing than piracy . 
  the same pattern happens with other kinds of stores . 
  if it can be stored on a shelf and mailed to the customer , online stores are likely to push out specialized local stores ( one nearby city had multiple stores specializing in desktop computer parts , now it is all done via mail order ) . 
  only the big chains remain by providing consumables and products that people ca n't really wait days ( or weeks ) for . 
  that would be the same nuland that stated `` fuck the eu '' the recently released phone call ? 
  the cold part was from it not being a shooting ( hot ) war . 
  as for putin relaunching the ussr , nope . 
  nothing even remotely communist about the current russia , just massive authoritarianism .
