no rolling back to a old autosave when wars are declared ... 
  i sometimes jokingly referred to mixing battery and vodka as drinking battery acid . 
  that is one of those no win discussions ... 
  or worse ... 
  seems there are quite a number of variant out there , even some with missile capability . 
  even sat phones can carry data onto the larger net . 
  apparently cia once attempted to blow up castro with an explosive cigar , so who knows ... 
   large part of that declining unemployment rate is due to unemployed dropping out of the labor force . 
  as in they are not working , but not fulfilling whatever stringent requirement there are to be considered officially unemployed ? 
  i seem to recall something about there being a high probability that those that are abused end up being abusers themselves ... 
  next up , trying to buy [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/hunderfossen_-_trollet.jpg ) guy ... 
  should have guessed . 
  norway 's number one tourist trap . 
  this to the point that it becomes a national incident when the mountain road is not opened `` on time '' because of avalanche risk . 
  heh , and here i thought the show from the heathrow international gates were crazy ( expensive , never used , sneakers in the trash bin because baggage weight etc ) . 
  adjusted for norwegian wallets . 
  but even so , eating out is not a daily activity ... 
  poe 's law in action . 
  12 hours on the topic of firewood , anyone ? 
  herrings not good enough ? 
  `` catch me if you can '' . 
  they are also trying to reach people before they travel , and give them someone to talk to other than the radical recruiter . 
  basically what we are dealing with hear are people that do not feel quite at home either with their parents or their local community . 
  as such they are wide open to recruiters `` with all the answers '' . 
  punishing this people will result in them just hardening in their belief that what the recruiters told them was right . 
  and the process is not done over night . 
  meh , rt is ok as long as the topic is not russia ... 
  this much like cnn and usa , bbc and uk , al jazeera and quatar etc etc etc. 
  i pity the emergency personnel that gets called to clean up that mess ... 
   exploded in direct proximity if i put on my conspiracy hat and look at it the right way , what is the chance that they were firing at something other than the airliner ? 
  i do n't think these missiles have the ability to tell target from non-target once in the air . 
  could we be looking at an ukrainian aircraft either deliberately or accidentally flying so that the airliner ended up between them and the incoming missile ? 
  edit : ignore this rambling ... 
  maybe i am odd then , as i see salafists etc as just another variant on right wing ... 
  the basic problem is scale . 
  for fission to be cost effective , the reactors needs to be large . 
  and large reactors also scales up the potential disasters . 
  not sure how 1 leads to 2 ... 
  if only they could do so without collateral damage ... 
  sheesh , more flying bears ... 
  with a vodka chaser ? 
  his outbursts on the mailing list are reserved for when someone senior is screwing up . 
  more like none . 
  the norwegian government just approved two new power cables for exporting electricity to england and germany . 
  and few years back , when the autumn was drier than usual , there was a price spike in norway because the power companies had been emptying their dams and exporting power to europe . 
  this with the expectation that the autumn rain would fill them back up before winter . 
  this is but an example of what crap we will see when this `` trade agreement '' between eu and usa comes into play . 
  makes me ponder how much backgrounds influence politicians during their career ... 
  looks like lego . 
  it may even become law ... 
  not so much growth , as a labor shortage . 
  this gives the workers the ability to dictate the wage etc. 
  but things like free trade agreements and offshoring removes quite a bit of that negotiation leverage . 
  this because goods are much more mobile than a workforce . 
  now growth can be a source of such a shortage . 
  but as we can see from recent years , they are not inseparable . 
  honestly do n't know if this is the truth or some massive pipe dream ... 
  and yet we keep trying ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and%c3%b8ya_rocket_range, 
  plausible deniability ... 
  but ... but ... trickle down economics !, 
  i do wonder tho if someone on the nokia board pulled on better on him . 
  maemo/meego do after all live on in the form of jolla sailfish . 
  i do wonder if we will see nokia ( it does after all still exist , only the phone division was sold off ) buy jolla at some point , and get back into the mobile phone market . 
  btw , i do expect jolla to unveil a back cover ( other half ) that is a slide out keyboard . 
  there are exposed gpio connectors for such potential use after all . 
  opera may want a word about full browsing on mobile . 
  nokia even partnered with them for the browser on the 770 . 
  and the whole web app thing had its niggles . 
  it did n't get its own instance of the browser , so if you had a page open and tried to launch a web app your browsing went bye bye . 
  would it be bad taste to bring up [ idiocracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/idiocracy ) ? 
  \\* cough cough cough \\*, 
  the matra of the company was `` differentiation '' . 
  it was the word thrown at the community when queried about why certain central parts of maemo was closed source ( in particularly the power management ) . 
  they did n't want to go android for fear of being just another faceless android peddler . 
  and with the number of rebranded android devices coming out of asia i can to some degree understand why . 
  samsung have been running massive marketing for years now to stand out . 
  the market was crowded even before the entrance of asia . 
  just from europe you had ericsson , nokia , siemens and phillips all making gsm phones . 
  then there was sony , samsung and lg in asia , never mind motorola in usa . 
  phillips dropped out early , focusing on non-western markets instead ( i still see it mentioned from time to time ) . 
  siemens stayed in the game for quite some time , but then folded their handset production and sold their networking production to nokia . 
  ericsson merged their handset production with sony , forming sonyericsson ( and i think the now once more sony mobile still has a office in sweden ) . 
  i still recall seeing carriers standing on street corners in norway , offering phones for 1nok ( they could not give them away for free ) as long as you signed a 1 year contract . 
  more like they were focusing on productivity rather than entertainment . 
  the iphone was more of a dmp with phone capability than a smartphone at launch . 
  the whole app store thing did n't materialize for a year . 
  and then it seemed to be a way to curtail the rampant jailbreaking without going on a lawsuit rampage . 
   take a look at the youtube video of the official presentation of the iphone to see the huge difference . 
  sorry , i ca n't do that without wanting to punch the screen from the jobs-ian machinegunned superlatives ... 
  a series40 with j2me was as smart as the first iphone . 
  you could only really start talking about smartphone when the app store came about ( something i am not sure would have happened if not for the jailbreaking efforts and the subsequent discovery of how to cross-compile osx programs for iphone ) . 
  and even then you could do things on symbian ( never mind windows mobile ) that you could not do with iphone for years . 
  the biggest difference was perhaps the focus shift . 
  until iphone , smartphones had been workhorses first . 
  it was found in the pockets of enthusiasts and road warriors . 
  not trend hopping teens . 
  iphone changed that by piggybacking on the ipod market ( it was in essence a continuation of the video ipod ) . 
  nokia et all had been eating ipod market share ever since they started making phones with mp3 playback , so apple needed a response . 
  never mind that iphone was not the first phone with itunes integration . 
  apple had a earlier collaboration with motorola that was a straight face plant ( a 100 song limitation etc ) .
