  think of it as a marketing consultant . 
  pretty much on par with avoiding product names that are offensive in different languages . 
  sounds lkke modern day italian politics . 
  do as the guy says or things grid to a halt , no matter who is actually elected to power ... 
  norwegian polticians are hell bent on being the `` teachers favorite '' on international matters . 
  not surprising , as that lands them positions of prestige later on ... 
  i think it mostly learns by what is found online in multiple languages , so i am not that surprised about the technical angle of the translations . 
  seems my memory of the image was more faded than i expected . 
  btw , this is fdr . 
  and most likely consider themselves british . 
  i find myself reminded that before ww2 gendered clothing did n't really happen until somewhere around school age . 
  i think there is a famous example of this related to a us president . 
  the earliest photo of him is as a toddler , dressed in what may best be described as a genderless white robe ( tho for most today it will come across as feminine ) . 
  the duration has a interesting history . 
  i think the uk one was at the outset around 20 years , but it focused squarely at the economic side . 
  authors and such had very little say in how their creations were used outside of the economic gains . 
  the long duration comes from france , where they as much considered the authors social standing . 
  thus making a long duration that allowed a author to nix the use of his creation in any way he did n't like ( like for instance glorifying a politician he did n't support ) . 
  the french take on the issue is the one that gained traction around europe even before the bern convention that unified copyright across europe ( and eventually the world ) . 
  one funny tidbit btw , usa did n't sign on to the bern convention until the 1980s . 
  and i suspect said signing coincide with the us government taking a more aggressive stance regarding enforcing us ip rights abroad . 
  but by doing so it becomes pretty much ubiquitous . 
  i think the issue is more moral and slippery slope than technical . 
  drm , while seeming like a money grab by big media , can down the line turn into a government-corporate censorship scheme . 
  various entities both in north america and europe have tried to used intellectual property laws as censorship already . 
  and we all to often see videos vanish from youtube over some ip claim , videos that are more than dancing babies with a radio in the background . 
  and it is in a sense the perfect vehicle for this , as most will ignore the topic of ip unless they hear about someone getting slapped by a lawsuit for a absurd amount of damages for putting a file on a server . 
  in other words , for most it is seen as a dry and boring legalese between large corporations . 
  would you consider it censorship if a book was withdrawn from circulation for ip reasons ? 
  even if the book was politically controversial ? 
  skjold almost did n't happen . 
  it took years before a contract for more than the original proof of concept materialized . 
  i wonder if only the experience of contracting frigates in spain ( it was a mess ) got the ball rolling again . 
  dunno , seems your leaders will do just about anything to keep the black stuff flowing into usa . 
  and with good reason , as the gas pump price seems quite capable of making or breaking a presidency . 
  honestly , i more expect american carriers to suddenly show up off the coast to `` defend american interests '' if ever there is a real supply drop from the middle east . 
  the russians have no interest in coming after us as we ca n't out-sell them on the european market anyways . 
  that would be the professional side of the norwegian military . 
  it is however just a small part of the whole . 
  a future that may never happen , as at least two generations of politicians have been going on about `` the future '' ... 
  this while municipalities are doing accounting loop the loops to make their budgets line up . 
  stuff like closing down local schools and sending kids by half-hour to hour by buss each day , because transport costs come out of the budget of the administrative tier between them and the national government . 
  more like when a lucky government has a visit from a iraqi . 
  and while we may have dodged the worst of it , the economy is still borderline dutch disease . 
  and sadly , the worry is largely misplaced . 
  the conditions for the weimar inflation was very specific . 
  national debt ( war reparations ) denominated in foreign currency , a devastated industry with little to no export capacity . 
  end result was that to pay the debt , money was printed , exchanged for foreign currency , exchange rate drops like a rock , next installment requires even more printing to get the same amount of foreign currency . 
  it has reached the point where `` photo or it did n't happen '' is a worthless demand . 
  even video is likely to go the same direction eventually ... 
  great enterprises ? 
  now why does that sound so familiar ... oh yes ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_power_of_nightmares in particular the interpretation of leo strauss ' thinking that underpins the neo-conservatives . 
  reminds me of some claims from the 94 winter olympics , where foreign athletes were surprised to be cheered on by norwegians . 
   also some of the depleted gas reservoirs are used for storage : buy cheap gas in the summer , pump it back in the underground reservoir , and get it to the consumers in the winter . 
  this is just as important as the pipelines themselves . 
  there was one hell of a racket some years back when norwegian hydro plants had to crank up the price during winter because it had rained less than expected during autumn . 
  this because they had run the reserves low exporting power during the summer ( ac and whatsnot down south ) . 
  the particular language may be obsolete , but the primary value will be a basic understand of code logic ( if the education is done right ) . 
  this in comparison to how most courses in office suits , or similar , are pretty much rote memorization of where the various menu options are . 
  resulting in people being fish out of water if they need to switch tools . 
  and code logic can show up in the strangest of places these days ( most high end software tools allow some degree of scripting for instance ) . 
  and i hazard a guess that a lot of time and teeth gnashing comes from leaders not understanding how to frame a task in a way that is translatable to code . 
  seems to be a connection between economic performance and sense of `` belonging '' . 
  would drawing parallels to the us situation before the civil war be too much ? 
  cider alongside beer in the store shelves , beyond that i ca n't think of any ... 
  a very important distinction . 
  investors are in for the long run , 5-10 + years . 
  but present day finance is overrun with day trader mentality . 
  hell , high frequency trading is the pinnacle of short turnaround arbitrage . 
  heh , norway in second place . 
  and even so a south korean company sold of its holdings here and implied norwegians were lazy . 
  work smart hours , not long hours ... 
  depends on how willing the company is about letting a potential new competitor onto the market ... 
  from one extreme to another ? 
  given that another nation seems hell bent on recrating the slow trainwreck that was the late roman empire , thats optimism ... 
  looks like it . 
  lovely response from the titan int . 
  ceo ... 
  yep , but very little of the bank created money goes to that these days . 
  huh ? 
  banks pretty much create the money they lend out by an accounting notation ... 
  pretty much the same in norway as well . 
  household debt and house prices have moved in virtual lock step since the early 90s ( a increase of nearly 400 % last i checked ) , while the cost to build have remained in line with wage increases . 
  i find that very few `` free marketers '' are really that . 
  they are just after cheaper goods and services elsewhere , but protections for their own slice of the economy . 
  or one for 2001-2007 and one for 2007-2012 . 
  ugh , i really have a off day when it comes to reading comprehension ... 
  while there may be a correlation , the question still remains if it is the gdp or the debt that leads ... 
  never mind , caffeine deficiency ... 
  indeed . 
  most stock trading happens on the secondary market , and the company that issued said stock rarely see anything of the profits made there . 
  century of self ? 
  there is the other wsy round as well . 
  watch what went down when gorbachev tried to reform ussr . 
  all of a sudden he was under house arrest by hardliners within the government . 
  i 'll take that over superficially charming any days ... 
  europe 's old couple out for a stroll ... 
   norway - n\u00f8gne \u00d8 dark horizon first edition , 99.95 til ... 
  not sure if the constitution ever covered foreigners ... 
  like i needed any more reasons not to visit ...
