  there are different flavors of internationalism . 
  and right now eu is seen as the latter of my examples by both left and right . 
  left wingers have , on the other hand , been about the former kind of internationalism . 
  i think the difference is about border vs blood . 
  left wingers define nationality by border . 
  right wingers by blood . 
  there is a difference between `` lets try to learn to live with our differences and cooperate '' and `` bow down for your international masters ! '', 
  the voting in here is interesting ... 
  maybe i do n't follow the news enough , but i do n't recall hearing about poland raising its voice for that reason . 
  and the russian leadership sometimes seems to look for any excuse to play tough near its borders . 
  then again i am norwegian . 
  just about the only time hear something about ethnic norwegians abroad , are when some community dons bunader in usa . 
  passport holding norwegians is a very different matter ... 
  could be a case of `` you 're a first world nation , now act like one '' . 
  something that is as crazy as it gets . 
  as until the collapse of the ottoman empire , jew , muslim and christians were mingling quite well in the middle east ... 
  and israel is not helping by claiming that anything involving jews involves israel . 
  in other words , it is a bankster thing . 
  as they get in on the deal each time a new loan ratchet the price up further . 
  and they sold the concept to the politicians via the useful idiots known as economists . 
  this by having them preach the gospel of free market competition ... 
  depends on how reliable it is after office hours ... 
  yeah , you 're more likely to hear it from teens and drunks than anyone else . 
  and it would not surprise me if it is yet another word norwegians have appropiated from swedish . 
  interesting how similar it is to a norwegian word for intercourse . 
   i sometimes wonder how the european attitude towards war will change a generation or two after it will have slipped out of living memory . 
  i would say it is changing already , as the elder generations relinquish positions of power . 
  never mind that said diagnosis of breivik was questioned by others in the psychiatric profession almost the second it was made public . 
  as for khat , the plant seems to be up there with cannabis in in the kind of effect is has compared to the scary headlines it gets . 
  the guy may as well have been trying to down his emotions in beer ( or coffee even ) . 
  as for targeting only whites , the guys going on a shooting spree in columbine was after anyone wearing a white cap . 
  people with social/emotional issues seems to find something to fixate on , be it skin color or cap color . 
  the difference , and likely why him and breivik got such different treatment , is the amount of planning that went into it all . 
  breivik did n't just up and knife some random apers . 
  he constructed and detonated a bomb against the government , and bought weapons specifically for the shooting he was going to perform . 
  that suggest premeditation way beyond a emotional outburst . 
  high concentration of potential targets in a enclosed space : busses , trains , airplanes . 
  beyond that i do n't think there is anything deeper than mentally unstable people lashing out . 
  it used to be that the line rent was a non-issue as the local supplier had a monopoly . 
  but with the creation of a national grid , any supplier could sell to any user nationally . 
  but the local lines are still the property of the local supplier . 
  and so the line rent entry was created to cover maintenance ( and provide an alternate profit source ) . 
  and here i thought norway was alone in this . 
  hoover 's fbi ? 
  brain fried . 
  ca n't form coherent response . 
  they may well have . 
  there have been various big market swings right before major political uphevals , as if someone was trading on foreknowledge . 
  as we can see with the across the board introduction of national healthcare systems . 
  `` dc said no , so there never was any wiretapping '' . 
  this is a carpet thinking it is a lion ... 
  no longer ? 
  pretty much been that way since the 60s ... 
  communist , capitalist , same shit . 
  because the boys on top are all authoritarians . 
   ca n't claim to be on the side of free speech while monitoring almost everything !!, 
  you are free to say it , but do not be surprised if you get arrested for saying it ... 
  he pretty much lived and died by his blackberry during his campaign . 
  afterwards the nsa through a hissy fit about it not being secure enough , and produced what looked like a modified palm treo . 
  modified in that a extra button would switch it into a secure mode used for government communications . 
  the software patent issue is pretty much a us thing . 
  it started with a production process that was in part controlled by a computer program to maintain the proper temperature . 
  from there it has snowballed into all kind of processes that can be done or maintained via software . 
  in comparison , the bruhaha between apple and samsung in germany was about trade dress . 
  usually trademarks deal with company and product names . 
  but with trade dress this moves on to design elements . 
  lines , curves , how users go about doing stuff . 
  there seems to be a couple of black sheep/crows right below the drones ... 
  the right most column is the interesting one . 
  while we have the highest price , we are second only to luxemburg in how many liters we can afford on a average wage . 
  thing is that for the untrained eye a ram cache and a memory leak is one and the same ( lot of ram assigned to the same process ) . 
  a year or so back mozilla radically altered how firefox handles assigned but not in use ram . 
  before it used to hold on to it until told by the os to give free it up , now it more aggressively frees it up when no longer in use . 
  strangely those conditions should in theory have turned norway blue as well . 
  the verge did n't go into detail , but i suspect we are looking at something similar to the nasa system . 
  meaning a plasma arc melting the metal filament in a vacuum . 
  i hate the monkey part of my brain right now . 
  sorry , its been years and i did n't really look into the details . 
  best i can recall was that there was serious issues with sorting trafficking victims from legal prostitutes for some reason . 
  i guess it is somewhat similar to exploitative contracts in the building industry , but cranked to 11 as the girls are forced to work rather there on shitty contracts . 
  sorry , brain fart . 
  the actual traffickers . 
  sure , you can grab the pimps . 
  but much like with drug , you really want the people supplying the `` products '' . 
  the extra problem is that the girls may have every incentive to lie . 
  even if they are not strictly doing anything illegal , they may not be where they are legally allowed to be . 
  but to be sent back may be for them a even worse faith . 
  and you ca n't really allow them to stay , as that may lead to others claiming to be victims just to have a chance at staying . 
  revive growth my foot . 
  revive `` lend lend lend '' more like it ... 
  likely makes the job of finding the suppliers a pain . 
  seem to recall a documentary claiming the same about the netherlands . 
  figures why someone that can be argued to be the richest norwegian has taken up residence there ... 
  given what the big us banks do with commodities futures , i 'm not sure i would want to let that beast have a go at housing ... http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2013/07/how-goldman-made-5-billion-by-manipulating-aluminum-inventories-and-copper-is-up-next.html one example , and i suspect the article has links to more such . 
  shit 's been building up across western europe since polticians in general adopted neolib economics and deregulated various markets , housing included . 
  the idea : competition would bring prices down , availability up , and save the government a pretty bundle . 
  actual outcome : a mortgage bubble of epic proportions . 
  one that everyone is trying to avoid pricking , as it will effectively deadlock the national economy . 
  what a nations population used to be called . 
  now they go by `` consumer '' ...
