  given that teflon is used as a no-stick surface , would it not be more correct to say he finally got stuck ? 
  file that under freudian slip ... 
  dunno the validity of the claim , but i recall reading that former `` korean '' neighborhoods in japanese cities still carry a social stigma . 
  and why japan at least is dumping a massive amount of resources into asimov and friends . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  but how many times do she and her partner try before having that one ? 
  how many more times do they have to try for the second , never mind the third ( if you want population growth and not simply a steady number ) ? 
  you need 2 pr couple just to maintain current population , 3 + if you want to increase it . 
  i will admit though that the numbers gets a bit more complicated if we are dealing with single moms with multiple partners . 
  another element is that females appear to be at their most fertile just as they are going into higher education . 
  by the time they have a steady job , the chance of conception is , perhaps greatly , reduced . 
  as father , like son ? 
  what is the basic principle again ? 
  better to let 10 criminals go , than jail a single innocent . 
  edit : tracked down the source . 
  seems stuffed with emotes . 
  ah yes , another reason why i liken international politics to kindergarten . 
  true . 
  but the ratio seems to `` favor '' the younger segments of society . 
  from personal experience , no they ca n't . 
  the younger ones seem easily swayed by populiat rhetoric . 
  sadly the older are usually set in stone , so crap happens either way . 
  merkel and co trust their technocrat advisers , and said advisers are willfully blind to how the economy operates . 
  it is like someone still insisiting on a earth centric model of the solar system , even tho evidence to the contrary keeps piling up . 
  another 68 coming ? 
  well now i know where the ball is . 
  thanks for the game . 
  that is one very ironic acronym . 
   having had two antidemocratic , inhuman surveillance regimes in only 70 years might have taught people something . 
  i fear they must have lived directly under it to have learned anything , and with each generation past that the lessons fade . 
  an unabashed neoconservative opinion site , impressive ... btw , from the nyt :  but said the release would be carried out in stages after the start of negotiations and in accordance with their progress . 
  why do i get the feeling that they will be behind bars for a long long time ... 
  perhaps someone should found a religion that include the viewing of porn ? 
  let me guess , it is degrading to females ... 
  usa ... 
  one issue with all this is that if you snapshot only a single year , you may get artifacts from changes in what is defined as `` poor '' . 
  i could for instance swear that usa reduced the wage criteria for `` poor '' , meaning that by the stroke of a pen quite a few were no longer poor in the eyes of us law . 
  similar shenanigans have been done with unemployment rates , where you had to be actively looking for work via official channels to be counted as unemployed . 
  lies , damned lies , and statistics ... 
  funny thing is that what made her under age was the prostitution thing . 
  supposedly italian age of consent is 14 . 
  heh , i once ended up getting some items shipped from there . 
  only discovered it after the fact , as the site claimed to be european and listed prices in euro . 
  i was just illustrating that such a language already exists . 
  then again , usa still cling to their own measurements system ... 
  i was thinking more technical . 
  you ca n't go from verizon to att without replacing your phone . 
  you ca n't really do it between att and tm either if you want anything above gsm speeds . 
  a vulnerability usually means a privilege escalation , from a limited user to a unlimited administrator/root . 
  usually the separation of the two are facilitated by the cpu having what is called rings , where code running in a inner ring can read the memory space of a outer ring but not the other way round . 
  in theory , hidden cpu instructions could allow code to cross these barriers . 
  two major operators on gsm/umts , two on cdma2k ( tho swapping to lte ) . 
  never mind that even between the gsm/umts operators there are issues with radio compatibility . 
  the `` consumer '' facing internet may be too american . 
  the european use of the net seems to be more about easing bureaucratic workloads . 
  not nearly as flashy as say facebook . 
  this seems to mirror tech development in europe in general . 
  some years back i tried to dig up sites covering european tech developments . 
  and most i found focused on public transportation , disability assistance and similar public services . 
  in contrast the us tech seem heavily consumer focused . 
  this comes back to economies of scale . 
  during the 70s-80s there was a whole lot of companies making computers in european nations . 
  but with the advent of the ibm at clones , especially thanks to their modular nature , these local companies could not compete with the economy of scale that came about . 
  unless you develop for mobile tech , where ironically usa is more fragmented . 
  divide and conqueror it is then ... 
  another example that `` liberal '' have lost any semblance of meaning ... 
  first past the post ? 
  in essence the values were set up when you need big and heavy machinery to make even a single copy , meaning that nobody invested in them unless they copied for commercial gain . 
  i dunno about finnish law , but at least in norway you could , and perhaps still can , share copies among friends and close relatives . 
  but this is from when said sharing involved double deck cassette players and exchanges of physical media . 
  and this is why i mistrust corporations as much as , if not more than , i mistrust government . 
  even among the current generations living there ... 
  but but commies !, 
  and on that topic : http://boingboing.net/2010/04/28/music-industry-spoke.html, 
  like the study done in oslo related to somali immigrants , finding that less frequent contact with relatives in somalia lead to more relaxed attitudes towards religious and cultural practices . 
  a solid reminder of how strong group pressure can be . 
  i seem to recall reading about something similar from when the immigration to usa shifted to include more poor people from the nordics and eastern europe . 
  ghettos all over the place in new york , and constant problem with crime . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/adamcurtis/posts/bodybuilding_and_nation-buildi at one point in that article curtis writes about how the british administration in iraq , between ww1 and ww2 , ignored the moderate urban middle class . 
  instead favoring the rural/tribal sheikhs that had been largely sidelined by the ottomans . 
  not worth it . 
  the guys nickname is `` combat '' in norwegian , and has a long history if submitting norwegian news articles highlighting troubles related to immigrants . 
   worldwide islamism is younger than 9/11 i think that should be older than . 
  nice to know that galbraith the younger is carrying on his fathers work . 
   as a first step it would be nice if somebody tried to unify the balkan again . 
  sure sure , just let me get the popcorn machine cranked up first ... 
  and reintroduce `` norse '' to the mainland ? 
  so in essence this is a testosterone pit ... 
  no wonder the right winger want to drop the voting age ... 
  and how long will that trade balance last , once china is done duplicating the german imports ? 
  last i read , china was busily replicating the stuff it imported from germany to build its initial high speed railway . 
   germanized oh yes , multiple beggar-thy-neighbor nations within eu will really work out in the long run ... 
  given a good example that following a logical path can still lead to insanity if the starting point is less than rigorous . 
  just need to stop by the moon for some cheese ? 
  in essence , they panicked ... 
  austerity ca n't save any nation , as it sucks valuable activity out of economy just as the private side is grinding to a halt . 
  thing is that there is not a voip protocol . 
  and tomorrow a new one may well be introduced , because it all gets wrapped in tcp/ip . 
  mozilla and google has recently released browsers with support for protocols that allow voip style communications direct between web browsers for example . 
  the commission seems like the hired guns of big multi-national corporations .
