  yep , but i do n't think the transition will be painless . 
  in all honestly , i think such a transition was what marx was pondering as a possible outcome of events he observed . 
  what ww2 ended up doing was in a sense turning back the clock . 
  and russia going communist was not after his thinking . 
  he seems to have thought communism would arise out of a industrialized nation , once the workers had enough of the capitalists on top . 
  that would have been a bottom up transition , while the russian one was in a sense a top down transition . 
  and one happening in a nation that was still largely agrarian . 
  then again i am unsure if humanity has in it the ability to cooperate on such a scale without having some kind of elite to enforce it . 
  the alternative would be cheap energy and star trek style replicators ( tho robot factories producing frozen tv dinners may be an approximation ) . 
  the whole argument likely hinges on the cycle of production  wages  sales  production breaking down as automation replaces workers . 
  this in that down that route supply will outstrip demand , leading to the perversity that on paper we could feed and clothe everyone but nobody has the money to buy any of it because they ca n't earn it in any way . 
  try `` stinks beneath the breasts '' , either too much or not enough caffeine apparently . 
  also , defaults are a no-go as it will sink german banks . 
  at least in china 's case , it was driven by lower labor costs . 
  costs that are now rising and so slowing down the chinese growth . 
  actually , one claimed reason for the euro crisis is that germany froze wages for a decade or more while the rest of the euro nations continued rising them . 
  this leading to german products being cheaper than others within the euro zone . 
  the issue then gets magnified by german , french and british banks offering easy access to credit for individuals , driving a consumption and property boom . 
  then most people were farmers and lived directly off the land . 
  and then here is the small group of privately owned companies that appears to make , assive profits on food and other basic commodities ... 
  those have humans in them , drones do not . 
  as long as the light speed delay of the control signal do not hamper operations too much , a drone operator can be quite far away . 
  with the lower risk of `` friendly '' losses , the uproar against their use will be lower . 
  consider that supposedly the us student protests against the vietnam war stopped almost over night when the draft was ended , because the students themselves were at risk of being drafted if they dropped out of their education for some reason . 
  in contrast , the afghanistan and iraq wars are volunteer for the most part . 
  this either via contractors or recruitment of young men lacking prospects . 
  yeah , it is a rising trend that companies now require higher and higher degrees before even looking at the cv . 
  as ol' marx put it , [ a reserve army of labor . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reserve_army_of_labour ), 
  yeah , the war was more orvless lost on the generals ability to distract heir meddling leaders . 
  usually funds take little interest in the boardroom activities of companies they buy shares in , but from the article it seems that this fund will start to take a more active role in who is given the job of running the companies they have invested in . 
  likely because over the years the fund has found itself investing in companies involved in products and behaviors that are politically unpalatable in norway . 
  not sure if england = uk is ignorance , or simply carelessness . 
  that , and a small group of people with enough expendable income and connections that they can live and run their lives from anywhere that has a phone and data connection . 
  there are also shenanigans like only counting people actively listing themselves as unemployed , and quietly de-listing them after x time or similar . 
  the problem so far is that socialist attempts have not been allowed to develop undistured , so it is hard to evaluate suitability based on past experience . 
  honestly i do not have a perfect answer , tho i wonder if not part of the issue is that economics consider growth a requirement . 
   if so , what are we waiting for ? 
  as long as the means of production are in private hands , and those private hands expect said means of production to turn a profit each quarter , we may well be waiting forever . 
  work = money = food , shelter , clothing . 
  remember that just as unemployment is skyrocketing , social security is being curtailed or downright discontinued in the name of austerity . 
  there are on paper multiple nations , but as long as they ca n't differentiate on exchange rates they may as well be a single nation . 
  end result is that you have a nation without a central authority that can , via taxes and other means , even out the differences between the regions . 
  i suspect french banks are as under water as german banks in this mess , and so they allow germany to lead on the issue and so take the backlash . 
  the free market works when there is a little to no barrier of entry , with telecom the huge because of the up front wiring expenses . 
  and yet here is not a year without the media decrying said prices ... 
  true . 
  but all too often i see price tag comparisons used by natives as a complaint about the tax level and such , even tho once relative wage level is accounted for the purchasing power is high . 
  also note that the number of liters are from net ( after tax ) wage . 
   because of one corporation cornering the most important market of all . 
  on that note : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynp8yaidf5u, 
  the third column is the most interesting . 
  norway : $ 1,90 , 2042,4 l on average wage . 
  belarus $ 0,68 , 442,0 l on average wage . 
  meaning norwegians can buy 4 times as much even tho their price is nearly 3 times that of belarus . 
  making the act of simply comparing prices futile . 
  seems so , tho not sure about the tax part ( edit : ah it says net , so after taxes ) . 
  would really be interesting if we could get a sorted list on that , as while norway is up top it seems they get more liters pr paycheck than the lower priced sweden . 
  meaning than simply comparing prices is in essence bunk . 
  germans wage stagnation , as presented in the video behind the second link . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beggar_thy_neighbour https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfkzaad_1w8, 
  touche . 
  larger in area yes , but germany alone has 4 times the population of texas . 
  meaning there is a lot of empty space ... 
  heh , one `` negative '' aspect of the net i guess . 
  no editorial staff to bin the really outrageous statements before they reach the wider public . 
  well it is the agency that spawned some very out there plans for removing heads of state during the cold war . 
  examples range as wide as poisoned cigars and disgrace by porn movie . 
  `` one size fits the elite '' more likely . 
  i get a increasing impression that there is a group of people , from all the various nations of europe , that see themselves as `` europeans '' rather than citizens of any one nation . 
  for them , a single currency is a massive benefit . 
  a good part of this group is the most recent generations of the old aristocracies and industrial/mercantile families . 
  arrr, 
  i think that is what trips people up . 
  he looks like a friendly old grandpa , but have a seriously sharp tongue . 
  it is not exactly black and white . 
  eu is strengthening privacy , but at the same time there is the whole `` horse meat '' issue to demonstrate the risks of liberalizing markets . 
  oh and the issue is not the kind of meat , but that it got so widespread . 
  haven shaken off the russian yoke early may also have allowed him more room to be pragmatic . 
  quite a few actions by soviet leaders were done because they feared hardliners would `` remove '' them if they did n't demonstrate `` strength '' . 
  the opening makes me wonder about language cross-pollination between old norse and gaelic . 
  only way i see for a recovery at present is if suddenly a large number of african nations went on a spending spree ... 
  i do wonder if he still holds such high opinions about obama ... 
  said officer at ut\u00f8ya was there in a civilian role , and the tragedy itself is unprecedented in norwegian history since ww2 . 
  honestly i thought the flow of guns went the other way across the us-mexico border . 
  that is , cartels ship drugs to usa , sell drugs and use the profits to buy guns , ship guns back across the border to arm a proverbial civil war against the government . 
  thing is that there are more than enough ways to carry a handgun that do not make it obvious . 
  and that is usually a problem when using the generic gun . 
  it can mean anything from a pocket pistol on up to a hunting rifle . 
  but what most likely envision when they say gun in relation legislation are revolvers and pistols that are easy to conceal in a pocket , or in the waistband under a shirt or jacket . 
  tempest in a teacup . 
  lived a year down the road from city church that rang hourly . 
  after a while i kinda got used to it . 
  the problem is not expenses , it is demand . 
  with no demand everything grinds to a halt . 
  and when the private sector ca n't produce the required demand the only other option is public . 
  sadly most shareholders are silent hedge funds , usually pension funds , meaning that ceos and such can run rampant . 
  are there not a french farm that may be sitting on top of a big ww1 stockpile ? 
  or sometimes deliberate lack of documentation , sadly . 
  never mind old ordinance that shows up just about everywhere .
