  patience seems to be one virtue we have collectively lost . 
  oh , and the orient express anyone ? 
  for a second i read it as north-americans ... 
  i repeatedly misjudge how far north japan really stretches . 
  any way to `` container-ize '' the issue ? 
  `` your authoritarianism is bad when it trumps my authoritarianism '', 
  sadly it has become something of a political ass kissing act . 
  what was it that rapidly responded a year and a half ago to clear and repair damaged infrastructure after a massive winter storm ? 
  organized groups of people can be used for more than shooting at each other . 
  i can understand them , as i have read claims that norwegians being arrested have started to wonder about their `` miranda rights '' . 
  and sometimes i wonder if i know more about american culture than i know about norwegian . 
   if a local film does great in europe , hollywood makes a new version where the plot is moved to usa . 
  it will never be given a place in theatres on its own . 
  and the hollywood version will be exported the hell out of , drowning out the original until nobody outside of film historians knows it existed . 
  sounds on par with vg and dagbladet in norway then . 
  their headlines are either an excuse for a bikini shot , or to scream about some `` not in a million years '' hazard . 
  warmer climates allow people to spend more time out . 
  more time out allows for more chances to butt heads . 
  could be that there are a bunch of specialized departments that have police like authority and equipment . 
  also , i have come to understand that the us border patrol has become much more active inland since 9/11 ( to use the us term ) . 
  honestly , we do not know what they used to define police when the numbers were gathered . 
  * highly unlikely that any soldier will go `` hmm , that 's a guy . 
  better use the other ammo '' . 
  * i recently read about those crows , seems they are now being installed into self-sufficient containers ( diesel engine , batteries , remote control radio link , telescoping tower ) . 
  making them something of a drone security checkpoint . 
  a mixing of thoughts since ancient times , perhaps ? 
  the flair says it all ... 
  a rerun of the industrial revolution . 
  welcome back , scrooge . 
  it helps to have been established at the tail end of a globe spanning empire , and broadcasting in english ... 
  eu only sadly , as i have gotten the impression that norway has exported quite a bit of ammunition in recent years . 
  still listed on the customer side though , and we seem to have a taste for german tanks . 
  same . 
  then again , they do have the swiss guard . 
  so rather than amend the paragraph to remove homosexuality , the whole paragraph was stricken ? 
  how the payment happens . 
  invitation to a luxury resort for a weekend meeting , lobbying . 
  money to spend a weekend at the same resort , bribery . 
  seems the issue is that the current legislation hinges on the animal being physically or psychologically harmed . 
  the new legislation likely bans the act outright , no matter the effect on the animal . 
  norway is also slowly sliding rightwards . 
  the reason seems to be that each generation is further removed from the struggles that enabled the welfare state to exist , and so do not see the value in sharing . 
  ah yes , the cult of the warrior/hunter . 
  will humanity ever discard that collective weight ? 
  and even so it is seen as a bastion of entrepreneurship . 
  and this is why a `` truly '' free market is a libertarian pipe dream . 
  so the first image shows all the borders formed and reformed in the other images , combined ? 
  i agree that there is nothing universal in all this . 
   i would also like to remind you that it 's not unusual to feel miserable with a steady income if you do n't have a job to get up for in the morning . 
  i know , but i wonder how much of that has to do with the workplace being our primary source of social interaction in modern times . 
  meaning that the misery do not come from being out of work , but being out of contact with other human beings because they are at work . 
  also , there are a whole lot of unstated moralism surrounding work . 
  meaning that the misery may well come from wondering if one is a `` bad '' human being for not working , this even tho one is not medically fit to do so . 
  the dark side of `` the protestant work ethic '' is very noticeable in here ... 
  not so extreme , no . 
  this `` citizen wage '' would have to be so that you are better off finding a job , while at the same time covering the very basic needs for further existence . 
  the trick here is that the money will go to goods and services from domestic companies , that will then turn that into wages and taxes . 
  this then maintaining the money circuit that act as something of a `` hydraulic drive shaft '' for the nation . 
  i have seen that `` hilarious '' english expression `` bread winner '' a lot lately . 
  to me it makes it sound as if eating is either a lottery or a brawl . 
  here is a norwegian article/editorial on the issue : http://www.manifesttidsskrift.no/myter-om-likhet-og-utdanning/, 
  at that point , why not put the software to work ? 
  the problem with inflation is not inflation itself , but inflation alongside stagnant wages . 
  there was a interesting article some years back , contrasting norwegian public health services vs the us system . 
  the main example was of one norwegian that liked his line of work , but could not stand his workplace . 
  so what he did was quit , and start on his own . 
  the article 's claim he could do this because he did not have to worry about health insurance or anything like that during the start-up phase . 
  this in contrast to in usa , where he would be worrying about getting injured or ill before working up the needed income level to pay for insurance . 
  this would then make more people stay in a shitty , but short term safe , job , rather than take a chance and strike out on his own . 
  ah , found it : http://www.inc.com/magazine/20110201/in-norway-start-ups-say-ja-to-socialism.html, 
  work a mind numbing soul crushing job or starve , nice options . 
  what is this , dickens ' uk ? 
  i have seen economic professors claim just that . 
  that the great depression was simply workers valuing free time over work ... 
  the basic idea seems to be that you can only really value something if you have put effort into aquiring it . 
  and in a sense i actually agree . 
  there is a distinct difference between the factory owner who built the place ahould to shoulder with his workers , and the kids or grandkids that inherit it . 
  and we do not already have that outside of crisis time ? 
  ah , we still operate mentally as if money were pieces of metal ... 
  the shift back then was physical to physical , now it is more physical to mental . 
  the amount of students that has dropped out in norway has skyrocketed in the last decades , as the curriculum has become ever more theoretical . 
  not everyone have the patience and compassion such a job will require . 
  and that seems to be the theme of most here , moral rather than practical . 
  quick , someone find some celebrity to gravely embarrass . 
  brain scans may be the way forward , as it allows a objective look at how the brain behaves under controlled stimuli . 
  yep , lock up the ones that are too noisy but ca n't be outright killed as they will turn martyrs . 
  ah yes , good ol' bofh . 
  pitty the fool that gets caught in a power struggle between him and accounting . 
  during the 50s and 60s fbi seemed to keep a very close eye on anyone not `` wasp '' it seems . 
  there are claims about various left wing meeting where the majority that attended were either undercover agents or informants . 
  a little anecdote about rauma line , a section of it was used in one of the harry potter movies to film a winter train ride scene . 
  this because there had not been enough snow in scotland that winter . 
  most likely has not read either ( must confess that i am one such ) , but has heard about 1984 via some headline or other . 
  norwegians too . 
  norwegian service providers where quick to move servers back across the border once the announcement came . 
  a larger problem is that a large part of the norwegian internet capacity goes via sweden ... 
  as such , brave new world was likely a more accurate description of the future than 1984 . 
  then again , if one glance across history one would basically see the pattern . 
  bread and circus may well have started out as a satirical comment , but it seems to sum up the human default . 
  keep us fed and entertained , and we could not care one iota what the leadership does until they come for you or me specifically .
