  i guess it is at the frontiers one get exposed to new ideas . 
  and stalin was not russian , nor was hitler german . 
  i wonder how long before the younger ones consider a book a kind of text file with a complex layout . 
  meaning , how long before we mentally disconnect the content ( story ) from the storage media ( bound pile of paper ) . 
  especially as housing is a racket , willfully kept below demand to spike prices . 
  most that go above 50 seems to be housing , alcohol and transport . 
  shock doctrine , anyone ? 
  the first two are possible , but i strongly suspect the last one is a economist pipe dream . 
  one based on their willful ignorance of basic physics , never mind the insanity that the growth requires ever more money to be invested into profitable projects . 
  the capitalist mantra of growth is a statistical aberration of the industrial revolution at best . 
  never mind that eu shares the flag , and have no less than two similarly named institutions . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_council https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_the_european_union one can wonder if they intend for us to get confused ... 
  quite the claim . 
  closest i can think of is a [ laser microphone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laser_microphone ) . 
  but that would be used to listen to a nearby conversation . 
  terrorism 101 . 
  if you want to cause the most amount of fear in a society with the least amount of effort , you target mass transport during rush hour . 
  honestly not sure if that is some kind of unintended irony or not . 
  the problem is being able to put force behind the demands . 
  not force in the boot to the head kind , but being able to shut down a company by refusing to work . 
  but with the depressed economy , and people being mortgaged to the rafters , that is a very difficult thing to pull off as a mass of individuals . 
  unions offer a lifeline beyond bargaining , in that the dues are supposed to carry workers through a protracted strike . 
  figures . 
  the smarter thing would be to fold it into a general `` social/cultural '' topic , giving equal time and weight with the various major religions of the world ( eastern and western alike ) . 
  maybe neither party in the afterlife wants them , and so they keep on festering ? 
  very similar to what arguments i have seen made by economists to defend ceo salaries and bonuses ... 
  lawyers exist for a reason . 
  then again , a whole lot of economics , no matter how much they try to claim otherwise , is a moralistic pipe dream . 
  still going on about employment , housing and debt . 
  work is not the end goal of life , it is a means towards the real end . 
  but still end up educating the world in us values and norms . 
  i suspect more people know how the us legal system functions than that of their own nation , for example . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mondragon_corporation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/workers%27_self-management#south_america honestly , the problem is not that margins are razor thin . 
  but that leadership and distant shareholders demand not just a large slice of the pie , but also that the pie grows forever . 
  a factory operating for the workers could effectively run non-profit , as long as wages , maintenance and required resources were covered . 
  no top down `` x units needs to be produced in y time '' central management . 
  it could run on the existing ordering system , except that there would not be absentee owners siphoning off profits and demanding eternal growth for no other reason that growth itself . 
  consider that even marx thought it folly to bootstrap russia directly to communism . 
  his view was more a case of the workforce of a industrialized nation outing the industry bosses and running the factories for their own long term benefit . 
  then again , marx was never big about what would come after capitalism . 
  his primary goal was one of documenting capitalism , blemishes et al. 
  edit : so while the soviet ended up being a forced process , it is not a inherent element in communism . 
  and by having external enemies from virtually the outset , hardliners rise to the surface . 
  this much like `` hawks '' operate in politics by pointing out external threats that they can defend the masses against . 
  and lets not forget that the industrialization of england for instance was not without its use of force . 
  or how about the use of the national guard to end a coal miners strike in usa . 
  at gunpoint no less . 
  and i suspect the core issue is one of trying to solve a social issue economically . 
  i wonder if anyone stopped to ask why the poor were , well , poor . 
  a suspect a high likelihood of mental issues and such that make it hard to keep a steady schedule or even interact with people on a daily basis . 
  and to cope they dive into bottles , pills and needles . 
  should be a interesting experiment to observe . 
  cold war ? 
  thanks to it , the paranoid hardliners invariably floated to the top . 
  this because they expected a us/nato invasion any second . 
  and with some of the political and military posturing of usa well into the present , i ca n't blame them . 
  lots of national , very little socialism . 
  have any kind of blemish and you were not cared for , but eradicated . 
  and strip the market from under the feet of the pushers . 
  heh , i am beyond worry . 
  right now i am ready to get drunk as a skunk the moment this particular house of cards takes its final tumble . 
  because once the dust settles we are looking at a whole lot of - isms fighting over who has the better idea for the rebuilding of global society from the ashes of capitalism . 
  with the right wing argument that any such tax would kill any interest in investing . 
  but unless i am missing something , most of the stock market trades are secondary ones . 
  meaning that the initial entities that issued the shares and bonds that are being trades see very little of the money being exchanged . 
  and a pattern repeating all over europe . 
  it is a neoliberal pandemic . 
  while norway is not included , i think it is up alongside sewden or denmark . 
  most of it driven by housing ( house prices and private debt has grown at very close to 1:1 since the 90s ) . 
  this is the kind of debt that can bring a nation to its knees , if ever the banks start demanding it all be payed at once . 
  because any income used to service debt is income not spent on consumption , that means less income for sellers of products and services . 
  and the economy eventually comes to a grinding halt . 
  interest acts more like a break on growth , unless new loans outpace interest payments . 
  hide is not the right word . 
  it is not so much hidden as ignored by mainstream economics , because they see private debt as simply money moving between savers and borrowers . 
  but with fractional reserve banking , private banks can in effect print money . 
  this as long as they have enough reserves to cover their requirements when it is time for the accounting reports . 
  and this is what in large part has been driving gdp growth in the last couple of decades , at least . 
  to state it in a different way , mainstream economics is stuck thinking about money as a barter intermediary . 
  as if money was still physical pieces of metal or similar . 
  but money these days is an accounting object . 
  all sales are verified by a third party ( or multiple , when seller and buyer use different banks ) via accounting entries . 
  the `` range extender '' ? 
  caught a headline about it . 
  kafka would be proud . 
  not the first time i read about a pole with insane alcohol level . 
  last time was someone the police pulled over and that fell out of the car when they opened the door on him . 
  the doctor apparently had to take a second blood sample as he thought the first one was contaminated , and the guy ended up spending two days in a cell to sleep it all off . 
  how much of the research is done in university and on government grants , with the provision the company x gets first pick of anything patentable ? 
  err , golden dawn ? 
  foreigners quite often settle in cities . 
  major newspapers are written in cities . 
  end result , the problem looks massive when the editors go home from work each day . 
  got to be some way to achieve european cooperation without turning it all into a federation . 
  the constitution was written in a different time , with very different people running the show . 
  if they could see the modern nation they would likely declare it no different than the empire they rebelled against at the time . 
  only thing i know about them is a music video where they dry hump everything while wearing monkey costumes . 
  how do the wages compare between francs and euros ? 
  or a messy mix of metaphors , in that he is `` teflon don '' by virtue of no accusations sticking to him . 
  this then leading to him sticking around in italian politics until an accusation finally stuck , leading to him coming unstuck from said politics .
