  they are looking for some authoritarian personality to captain the nation through the crisis . 
  but with that personality inevitably come conservative ( right wing ) ideals . 
  and the mantra that you could always educate yourself to a better salary and , by extension , quality of life . 
  and the same economist is likely to have pulled a 180 decades later , especially after becoming famous . 
  this while the later fame being used by others , economists and politicians alike , to lend credibility to the famous economists early works . 
  work that said famous economist has abandoned as flawed or worse . 
  religion in that its core is not math , but assumptions about individual behavior and capabilities . 
  that turn homo economicus into a supercomputer with a prophetic ability to rival nostradamus ... 
  not so much unneeded as borderline useless in present form . 
  while the rest of the sciences have movdd away from equilibrium thinking , economics cling to it dogmatically . 
  everyone in politics have been blinded by a religion claiming to be a science , the religion of economics . 
  edit : read http://www.amazon.com/debunking-economics-revised-expanded-dethroned/dp/1848139926 and see if my religion jab is that off the wall ... 
  the european left has blinded themselves with the idea that education is the cure-all . 
  meaning that it has become filled with academia rather than industrial and service workers . 
  the populist right has then stepped in by addressing said workers from the point of view of consumers . 
  end result is that nobody seems to be looking at national issues from the point of view of the actual workers that make the nation function day by day , year by year . 
  national sovereignty ? 
  i suspect they should have divided usa by state . 
  the one about the fart reminds me of `` forvirra som en fjert i en kurvstol '' . 
  not sure if it is a actual norwegian idom or something that showed up in a song text . 
  translation would be `` confused like a fart in a wicker chair '' . 
  i wonder is swedish have `` where is the fire ? '', 
  as a way of asking what the rush is ( possibly in a dismissive tone if one see no reason to hurry ) . 
  so the next time the russians come buzzing down the norwegian coastline , these birds are more likely than the traditional bear ? 
  not so much a bed , as room enough on the floor for a person to lie down . 
  the thing is basically just 2 meters longer than the su-27 it shares the general design with . 
  meaning that the toilet is likely not much more than a hole in the floor , and the galley similarly sparse . 
  a simple matter of scale perhaps ? 
  then again , norwegian summer colonies keep popping up in spain . 
  but then some of those seems to demand that the locals learn norwegian , so i dunno . 
  and played havoc with winter prices , as dams would be emptied rather than saved ( expecting rains that may or may not show ) for the oncoming heating needs . 
  on closer reading , this is not a complete explanation of the law . 
  just a set of common mistakes people make regarding it . 
  you can see this in norway , where there is a continual argument related to building near beaches . 
  lovely played , sir , lovely played . 
  similar laws exist all across the nordics as far as i know . 
  indeed , i have no idea what is meant by the last two . 
  and i can only guess that being a follower means that one do not come up with the ideas that often , but are quick at adopting them . 
  i suspect that moving the green one to the bottom of the stack , and not separating them in groups of 2 , would make it clearer how the colors rank . 
  that is , if i have understood them correctly at all . 
   the fact of the matter remains that the healthiest countries in europe also have extensive public welfare programs and great workers ' protection ; oftentimes and especially after the economic meltdown their public programs and labor laws are actually more extensive than their counterparts in financially unhealthy countries . 
  and sadly even those healthy countries have elements inside them going `` state bad , private good '' . 
  and are increasingly being heard and voted for . 
  and that is the fallacy of cross market comparisons . 
  what you want to look at is ppp ( purchasing power parity ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchasing_power_parity meaning that one has to take into account both wage level and price when comparing nations . 
  welcome to exchange rates ... 
  google glass and a timmy grasshopper app ? 
  heh , i think the archive knows me all too well . 
  hit the top link , and the first file it presents me with is a guide to the cities of norway . 
  makes fdr 's accomplishments even more impressive . 
  nah , the attitude have always been that whatever usa does is the better way . 
  and in usa it may well have become a fashion among the higher ups ... edit : only now does it dawn on me that i was needlessly ambiguous . 
  i was referring to male circumcision . 
  macho gone haywire ... 
  the title made me wonder if there was something going on up north ... 
  they may as well be ... 
  yay , more numbers ... 
  the one thing everyone in dc agrees on seems to be that the pentagon is sacrosanct . 
  is is saddening how much of a mess we have around the world because of ancient concepts of money being pieces of metal . 
  and with their passing the emotions flare again ... 
  this is what you get when you turn care into a for-profit enterprise ... 
   stop muslim violence . 
  i would generalize that to `` stop extremist violence '' . 
  islam is just one cover extremists use to justify hurting people . 
   civilize africa also known as cleaning up the mess that colonialism left behind . 
  just read that last month showed a 1-1 ,5 % drop in prices . 
  could be `` interesting '' times ahead if that is not just a temporary dip . 
  as an aside : a large reason for the hyperinflation was that post-ww1 germany was paying war reparations denominated in foreign currency . 
  this meant that they had to first buy the currency on the exchange market . 
  they did this by printing reichmarks , as the nations economy was in no shape to cover the exchanges via exports . 
  yeah , this will work . 
  / s if you want to get the mortgage debt down , there are two options . 
  either flood the market with government built housing with a zero interest payment plan ( in effect , rent to own ) . 
  or require that a high percentage of the house price is payed out of the buyers pocket . 
  anything else and the bubble will just keep ratcheting ( tho the last month shows a slight drop in house prices ) . 
  while we like to think so , banks do not need to have reserves to lend . 
  they just need to meet their reserve requirement at the end of a accounting period . 
  and this can be done in a number of ways . 
  house prices , and debt , have sharply outpaced the general price inflation . 
  the household debt is basically driven by house prices . 
  wonder if norway will get some of those , as i think the c130 fleet may be getting a bit old . 
  a very sensibly paced transition , and there seems to be very few custom programs or servers involved that often hamper the process greatly . 
  and with hq in stockholm . 
  so how the hell did i come to believe it was a danish bank ... 
  i guess he declared some kind of tax or similar , and the city dropped the stock values by a couple of points . 
  nordea is danish , right ? 
  yeah , maybe this lady is not the best example . 
  but i often find that i ca n't tell gender when looking at various sports events ( winter sports in particular as facial features and such are more covered ) . 
  if it were not for the hips , the last image could have been confused for male . 
  it is oddly intriguing how similar the two genders become when working out . 
  hrmf , wonder how much of this mess norway will copy . 
  need to keep that mortgage market frothy ... 
  some may actually enjoy jail , as others are managing their time table for them . 
  drugs numb the brain to both present and historic pains . 
  and then there is the other half that breeze through it all , and ca n't grasp why the rest ca n't . 
  not just cut back , but also refocus it on national tests and other npm style systems . 
  this resulting in the teachers being overloaded with chasing numbers , having no time to look at the social aspects . 
  in particular a superpower with germany at the helm . 
  one reason stalin did n't back away after ww2 , to have a buffer between russia and germany . 
  the guy is one big circus act , populism personified .
