  complete with a 60s `` hard man '' ( grease hair , smoke and leather jacket ) driving his cabriolet down a dusty us desert road ... 
  quite so . 
  if you live in usa you can hit beaches , mountains and anything in-between , and never leave your nations cultural sphere . 
  if i , being norwegian , want to experience proper beaches , the result is that i also get to know either of 6 + cultures ( tho sadly there seems to be popping up `` little norway `` s all over the mediterranean coastline , with a heavy dose of attitudes not that different from the ` murican example above ) . 
  i fear i have seen too many cartoons , as that surname is a comedy waiting to happen . 
  same deal in norway , with the justification that criminals were using them with fake names . 
  we are not covered by their `` almighty '' constitution ... 
  they are really that paranoid . 
  this is the nation that in the past has toppled south american governments just because they tried to adopt a more nordic kind of economy . 
  kinda , in that it gets a outwards expression in group settings . 
  the euro zone is a mess at present , seems like a insane time to join in . 
  best guess i have , it makes them question their inner understanding of masculinity ... and this understanding forms the bedrock for their social behavior and overall approach to living . 
  are the latvian government nuts ? 
  i read that as tabasco . 
  do this mean that citizens of eu member nations can now print books freely at home ? 
  if not then this is straight up hypocrisy . 
  takeoutfo . 
  trying to sound wise like [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yoda ) , they are . 
   but that is only 11 % of our income . 
  and this is a very important point . 
  comparing prices without also considering incomes just hand the free market extremists talking points . 
  gold / s, 
  ah , the spanish cartoon style . 
  part of it is used that way , but not everything . 
  one work market , one benefit `` market '' ... oh , and exchange rates turning paupers into princes . 
  i thought predators were under airforce command . 
  with the ultimate example being pro-life and pro-choice . 
  marketing and philosophy , quite the pair ... 
  indicating to me that i have no chance keeping the various philosophical labels organized . 
  `` their '' being anarcho-capitalists ? 
  did n't claim it would make sense . 
  hell , i have been looking into it for some time and as best i can tell it is the perfect example of doublethink in action ... 
  best i can tell it comes out of mainstream economics fervent belief that anarcho-capitalism is the most `` effective '' economic system out there . 
  and anything not completely approved off , be it something as simple as how the person dressed , would either be chased away to lynched . 
  or in more `` polite '' places , effectively excommunicated . 
  given what i have seen of `` civil society '' i 'll take the state over that any day . 
  i give him 50/50 that he gets arrested in norway and handed off to cia for `` questioning '' . 
  sadly even the slightest hint of bad blood can linger for generations , and flare up for the strangest of reasons . 
  only works when the `` enemy '' do not have high powered , long range weapons . 
   thing is markets are extremely efficient in figuring out how to avoid costs and to capture benefits . 
  also known as tax havens and externalities . 
  err , africa and south america is likely to disagree with that assessment . 
  and how christianity spread around the world . 
  for the `` militant '' religious , social welfare is a vector for pushing their religious values . 
  observe how missionaries have quite often mixed aid and religious messages , so that accepting one hinges on accepting the other . 
  they are still around , just more low key than their us equivalents . 
  taxes , cumbersome laws , any number of other `` causes '' . 
  like i said , i do not want the directive to exist in the first place as it is likely to cause more harm than good . 
  but even so , it does not demand a full recording of every conversation , text or voice . 
  if this takes place in the netherlands , then it is a national law that operates alongside drd . 
  again it seems to ignore local wage levels , and just run a price comparison converted to a common currency . 
  this is just cheap fuel for libertarian talking heads ... 
  thinking about the data retention directive ? 
  last i checked it only stores meta-data , that is the start and duration of a connection , be it voice or data , and the sender and receiver of emails . 
  the voice part is something operators have logged for billing purposes anyways , but now there is a mandated retention duration beyond what is needed for billing . 
  not saying i agree that the directive should exist , as i suspect it will just become another haystack for the authorities to sift through , but lets not make it scarier than it is . 
  because anyone with two or more braincells wo n't touch a cdo at any price . 
   similar to having to prove you have a job and that you can make your monthly payments when you get a mortgage . 
  not the case if the lender can instead offload the loan to the financial market as part of a cdo . 
  then they will offer you a loan as long as you have a pulse and can sign the dotted line . 
  managers , private or public , will always game their position for short term gain . 
  provide them with stock options and they will engage in pump and dump schemes for instance . 
  because economy is more religion than science . 
  and their [ intersecting lines ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supply_and_demand ) tell them that any government involvement interferes with the perfect balancing inherent in privately operated free enterprise . 
  for a second i read it as `` on crack '' ... 
  or that echo chambers are very easy to find online . 
  a argument used again google in recent times , because different people get different results in the same search terms . 
  this thanks to massive automated profiling of users . 
  and this is why ye ol' jante is not wholly negative . 
  hmm , staters ... 
  blame that on the union being named united states of america ... should we start calling them us-ians perhaps ? 
  except for maybe in the head of some learjet-ing elite ( and their wannabe retinue ) , nope . 
  indeed . 
  the author of that post appears to be part of right wing america . 
  and some of us could not care less either way ... 
  reminding us that a large part of the right supported hitler and mussolini because of their union busting and communist fighting . 
  couple of issues . 
  1 . there is no documentation of theirs that claim a encrypted connection between their servers and a client . 
  2 . most of the norwegian international traffic goes via sweden . 
  and swedish military intelligence have for some years now monitored international internet traffic passing through sweden . 
  3 . we do not know if there is any sharing agreement between swedish intelligence agencies and nsa . 
  heritage foundation ? 
  sometimes prestige trumps economic feasibility . 
  as if the right know any better on the economic issue . 
  both sides have had their heads stuffed with lies by the religion claiming to be a science known as economics . 
  not surprising , given that they more or less lived and died depending on the `` iron will '' of the us presidency . 
  the weapons available with such a license are not very concealable though . 
  even at its height , the strategy was to contain and delay until nato reinforcements could arrive . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/11/03/ar2005110302528.html one quick example a search dug up . 
  btw , there is a claim floating around that the vietnam protests dried up the moment the draft stopped . 
  meaning that university students were more worried about being drafted if they dropped out , than what was actually going on in vietnam . 
  tail rotor is all ok however , as that 's ` murican . 
  strictly speaking they already are . 
  just about any practical modern helicopter use a turbine as engine . 
  the only real difference between a turbine and a jet engine is what happens to the exhaust . 
  use would be bad enough in my opinion . 
  for the time being . 
  apparently the difference have widened in recent years , and is now back to where it was around 1950s . 
  heh , for norwegians e6 is equally praised and vilified . 
  it used to be that crossing the atlantic was a month long journey .
