  the cold war never ended , it just froze over for a while ... 
  and the race to the bottom continues ... 
  welcome to the united states of europe . 
  only question is , will the capitol be brussels or berlin ? 
  the seriously rich do not have a home , only a flag of convenience . 
  sharia , law of moses , same diff . 
   in his book petromania , journalist simon s\u00e6tre warns that the powerful oil lobby is `` isolating us and making the country asocial '' . 
  according to him , his countrymen have been corrupted by their oil money , are working less , retiring earlier , and calling in sick more frequently . 
  a hot topic within norway , and one that so far has not held up to scrutiny . 
  their politics are primarily populist . 
  this means that their rural representatives are all about cheap gas and reduced regulations , while their urban equivalents is focusing on immigration . 
  the party is so used to being in a strong opposition position though , that 4 years in government may be a humbling experience ( unless h lets them run rampant ) . 
  nah , just taken a timeout . 
  not many years back a group of people left the norwegian christian political party to form their own , because they considered their former party as to liberal . 
  and i suspect there are as many of those as there are fervent muslims roaming norway . 
  they are simply easier to overlook , as they look and dress the same as most everyone else . 
  would be interesting to know the underlying cause of the depressions tho . 
   everyone is and was already aware that intelligence agencies actually spy on people , industries and companies . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  what else are they supposed to do , dress up and play james bond ? 
  they seems to be operating with a overly vague ( or should i say paranoid ? ), 
  definition of who is friendly and who is hostile . 
  they are not just spying on clearly hostile regimes or neutrals with a worrying behavior , they are spying on stated allies . 
  and not just their government and such , but also industry and the general public . 
  nsa is pretty much demonstrating that to washington there is no friends or allies , only subjects and competitors . 
  like say spain ? 
  / s sorry , just had an artist release a new album where one song complains about immigration to norway . 
  while he himself is spending the winter at his property in spain . 
  the irony is massive ... 
  just as long as it is not jackboots . 
  straight back to the 19-20th , courtesy of the banksters ... 
  and this is why ip is the back door to a police state ... 
  could have sworn all toy guns come with brightly colored barrel plugs for just this reason . 
  why thank you for that assessment , i 'll make sure to take it into consideration ... 
  no true scotsman ... 
  yes yes , lets make it into yet another `` last soviet state '' argument . 
  what happened was no different than any company running out of buffer stock because of unexpected demand ( the diet fad ) . 
  but because this was a farmers cooperative and not a private company ( blessed be their share value ... ) , msm had to create a shit storm about it . 
  never mind that the only ones inconvenienced were those that insisted on making their christmas pastries using butter . 
  just about anyone interested knows someone that can supply them with moonshine . 
  and i suspect the prices exist in a futile attempt to curb the norwegian drinking `` culture '' ... and if you are into wine , you can always brew it yourself . 
  a system that used to be the case in norway until 1994 , where they tried to reform the system to get more people into university . 
  what happened instead was that many of those that would pick up a practical job instead ended up on government support , because they could not handle the additional theoretical classes . 
  so now there is a increasing push to revert the 94 reform to some degree to get more kids into garages and similar . 
   tl ; dr : large company fights change that would harm their bottom line . 
  and why capitalism fixing everything automatically is a pipe dream . 
  starting to get the impression that nations do n't want to release that figure , as it will reveal that they are naked emperors ... 
  that had shit all to do with it . 
  a diet fad centered on massive butter intake hitting just as christmas baking season starts makes for a lovely pr scoop for the anarcho-capitalists ... 
  after a heated negotiation about merging telenor and telia , former national telecom monopolies , about various operational details . 
  best guess norwegian politicians wanted to keep as much control as they could in norwegian hands , the swedish equivalent wanted the same for their side , and in the end said politician handed the right-wingers the mother of all sound bytes . 
  btw , said sound byte is a decade old by now ... 
  in the end it comes down to trafficking . 
  but the problem there is to get the girls to step forward and testify . 
  a virtual impossibility because doing so means they will be returned to wherever they came from . 
  and a lot of the time they ended up where they are because they paid someone their savings because said person claimed he or she could get the girl into some nation or other and away from whatever hardships they were living in . 
  as such the girls are in a no win situation . 
  and while a quick solution may be to grant them temporary residency , this opens the door to people claiming trafficking in the hopes of gaming the system . 
  it is a mess and a half , and what the law does is simply driving the girls off the street and into hotels and rental cabins . 
  seems the cold war scaremongering was a bit too effective ... 
  if it ca n't be weaponized , it wo n't be properly funded ... 
  plutocrat sock puppet a or b ? 
  same shit between east and west in norway . 
  storm on the coastline , meh no big deal for msm . 
  same wind speed in oslo , and the end is nigh !, 
  indeed . 
  this seems to a gathering place for the whole family , without any specified activities . 
  nor a requirement to eat or similar like you would have if you went to a bar or cafe . 
  i suspect quite a few underestimate the number of social functions a church may provide by virtue of being a gathering place or all ages . 
  providing a day for social and family matters make sense , right ? 
  holy testosterone overdose , batman ... 
  does not compute ... 
  honestly , marriage should first off be a civil matter . 
  these days its primary function is that of contractual inheritance . 
  if someone still wants a religious ceremony on top , it would be up to them and the master of ceremony of that religion . 
  in the eyes of the law , the weight should be on the official document filed somewhere . 
  knowledgeable kids do not pliable citizens make . 
  `` feel free to be gay , just not in public '' ? 
  seems the numeric base is behind a paywall , as i would love to see what is included in these numbers . 
  this because i have the impression that at least in norway , most coffee comes from home and office coffeemakers ( tho this may change ) rather than over the counter brews . 
  and they managed to slip the eea agreement in the back door . 
  one that has since been used to implement eu directive after eu directive via simple majority , something that is constitutionally questionable . 
  or more like do n't trust what is coming out of it . 
  nor do some of us agree with the political thinking that the only option is to fully integrate so that the norwegian voice can be fully heard . 
  just observe how other nations that are already integrated pretty much gets shafted by directive after directive , and end up taking the veto option . 
  a option that is already open to norway as well , but the politicians avoid to use . 
  seemingly for the dual purpose of looking good internationally ( more than one prime minister have gone on to take cushy positions internationally ) , and avoiding eu penalties for not bending over . 
  our current prime minister may well lead the most europhilic party we have ... what we really have are politicians that are gun shy about vetoing eu directives . 
  hell , the new government is likely to reverse a recent , and rare , veto on the postal directive . 
  i suspect a fair but has to do with the hows and whys any individual or group makes the trip . 
  yep , that was why i had to read over the opening two times . 
  on first glance it seemed as if the uk representative considered more than 20 % of the drugs to have some kind of legal use , and therefore they considered the eu directive overly restrictive . 
  racketeering by legal means ... 
  had to read that a couple of times . 
  so the directive will only criminalize those drugs that are seriously harmful . 
  uk opts out , meaning they can criminalize any drug they see fit . 
  surprise surprise . 
  more evidence that trickle down is a pipe dream . 
  sadly there seems to be a resurgence of hard line interpretations of all manner of scriptures ... 
  and this is the first i hear of it ...
