i was thinking north/south us leading up to the us civil war . 
  the north wanted the south as a captive market for sale of industrial output and wanted to ensure that northern financiers could get everyone in debt and have the governmental power to secure payment . 
  well , gross simplification , but that was my superficial thinking . 
  well , i 'll just say , if you would be willing to take my stepmother off my dad 's hands , you would be doing the family a favor ... 
  the press coverage of the eu in the us is totally and completely about money . 
  will this bailout package be accepted , will so and so default . 
  the deal a few weeks ago when the cyprus bank accounts got hit was huge news . 
  but on the philosophy of european nationalism , there 's no for or against , it 's not even on the radar . 
  the closest we come is discussions of whether greece should leave the euro , but again , it 's only discussed in the context of money . 
  everything i know on the subject is from reading english language or translated european sources . 
  well , that and a cynical take on american history . 
  north v. south seems to hold a few parallels to the current situation in europe , especially in terms of a highly industrialized financial center north trying to create a federal unity with a less prosperous south . 
  here 's the problem with half-hearted integration : lack of counter-cyclical monetary flows . 
  take the example of hurricane katrina . 
  louisiana and mississippi took a major economic hit . 
  their marine sectors shut down and they had massive damage to repair . 
  since their economies turned sluggish , their tax obligations to the federal government shrank substantially , reducing flow of money out of the states . 
  at the same time , all sorts of people became eligible for disaster relief , needs-based safety net programs , unemployment , etc. 
  from the federal government . 
  the states were also given federal money directly to repair infrastructure . 
  it of course does n't work for everyone and a good number of people end up moving to more prosperous parts of the country and find work and a new life . 
  imagine the situation under semi-integration . 
  la/ms start missing loan payments to ny and ca , so their interest rates get jacked up , disabling their ability to borrow and increasing flow of money out of the states . 
  la/ms state safety net programs and unemployment benefits are hit up by all the disaffected people , but the economy is not producing enough wealth to pay for all of it , exacerbating the need to borrow in a situation where borrowing has been made much more difficult . 
  ny and ca agree to extend fresh loans to la/ms in exchange for a future ownership stake in their maritime industries and a restructuring of the state 's needs based safety net programs . 
  la/ms citizens ca n't find jobs in the slowly recovering maritime industry , and get thrown off the welfare rolls per the emergency loan terms . 
  they try moving to ny to find work , but ca n't find any because they 're feckless blacks who only speak creole and not a word of wasp . 
  hi r/europe . 
  from the outside looking in , it appears y' all have a group of political elites kind of hell bent on a federal europe as an end in and of itself . 
  it also kind of appears that they are interested in aggregating power to themselves and that the best interests of europe are a pretense . 
  of course , i 'm a long ways away and i could be wrong , 
  it seems so crazy but people actually believe this stuff . 
  china is only a regional power . 
  the united states is the only country with the ability to project power across the world . 
  just keep an eye out and make sure none of them venture into tunnels below parliament . 
  the really annoying thing to me is the author ignoring the fact that she 's an american , the people she 's talking to know this , and so it should n't be so surprising that america comes up in the conversation . 
  jj watt goes around houston talking to random people and concludes wow , everyone is super obsessed with the texans !, 
  that would square with the reputations of st. petersburg and moscow . 
  what 's interesting to me is that the current kremlin leadership is largely a circle of mid 70 's kgb recruits from st. petersburg . 
  putin is probably more european in character than 90 % of russians . 
  if the us post cold war policy had been integrating russia into europe on a basis of respect and equality putin et al. 
  would have been all for it . 
  russia 's western border is militarily indefensible and they 've always relied on buffer territory to repel invasions . 
  if any stable government comes to power in ukraine which has them join the eu and nato it 's a threat to their security akin to soviet military bases in mexico during the cold war . 
  so the kremlin intervened to make sure such stability did not come to pass . 
  geopolitics is usually unkind and uncomplicated . 
  you know that old joke about how the uk joined the eu to screw the french by splitting them off from the germans and how the french joined to protect their inefficient farmers from commercial competition and how germany joined to cleanse themselves of genocide and apply for readmission to the human race ? 
  yeah so , french farmers still really inefficient and still have a lot of political clout . 
  so banning their exports into russia was a way to pressure the french government . 
  at least that 's my take . 
  eh , i mean , there 's only one global power . 
  so being a regional power is something of an accomplishment . 
  is the tone of contempt and ridicule on this particular issue substantially different from issues on the internet in general ? 
  i always try to keep [ greater internet fuckwad theory ] ( https://i1.wp.com/art.penny-arcade.com/photos/215499488_8pszr/0/1050x10000/215499488_8pszr-1050x10000.jpg ) in mind . 
  [ country ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/16/d4/53/16d45331e71162fbe314d7a542c9179c.jpg ) is such an outdated concept . 
  not sending them back caused the problem . 
  israel does a perfectly good job of sending temporary workers back to their home country when the work visa expires . 
  germany or any other competent country could do the same . 
  for the us the 70,000 refugee cap is pretty helpful as well . 
  i have always felt alone in thinking waterworld was a halfway decent movie . 
  it 's hard to say for certain . 
  iran would have intervened far earlier and more substantially . 
  i imagine they might have trained/equipped a hezbollah style militia which could hold some friendly territory against isis . 
  perfect . 
  i still ca n't believe we got you to go along with that . 
  i mean maybe it was n't that obvious what the result would be , but i 'm still kind of surprised . 
  and look how easy it was to split you from the russians . 
  one little coup in a wheat tile and y' all are having nightmares about russian ground invasions . 
  maybe i should n't let the secret out but it sure seems to me that american foreign policy for the last 15 years has been to manufacture social/economic crisis sufficient to kill the euro . 
  do europeans not at least suspect this ? 
  i guess this all makes sense . 
  the usual pattern with an invasive species is that resistance to it is a lot higher in the native environment . 
  the multiculturalism/diversity cant is no walk in the park over here fore sure , but beat up or exiled from society ? 
  not in a million years would that happen . 
  for what it 's worth , sorry . 
  pretty dick move on our part exporting screwed up ideologies . 
  now maybe i should find a russian and apologize for communism ... 
  iran wrote the book on how to stop a color revolution . 
  it 's simple , really . 
  to fight a revolutionary mob , you use a reactionary mob . 
   why dont highly educated immigrants come ? 
  they come to the us . 
  it 's interesting to me that japan totally rejects the idea that ethnic nationalism is bad for a country while at the same time they probably recognize it has something to do with the country 's hatred for eg koreans and chinese people . 
  it 's more that i think a mandated un peacekeeping mission was never even a remote possibility , with or without the resolution . 
  since i ca n't fathom what set of circumstances would lead to the saa facing the choice of whether to shoot at the blue hats , i ca n't give an answer to your hypothetical . 
  could always call it kholodnystan . 
  i ca n't even fathom any nation committing troops to a peacekeeping mission in syria . 
  not until the us had bombed the saa off the face of the earth anyway . 
  and if we were fully arming , arming and training the rebels the government would have fallen ages ago . 
  set conflict to simmer , cook for as long as possible . 
  the only real threat of stability right now is isis , so make sure to bomb them . 
  that resolution could have very easily accelerated the conflict . 
  in my weaker moments i sometimes wish there was a less horrifying method for destroying the eu than sowing chaos on all its borders and flooding it with refugees . 
  but i guess you got ta do what you got ta do . 
  come on . 
  our only god is eris . 
  if the stupid arctic icecap would hurry up and melt already russia would become america 's largest trading partner after canada . 
  really though , marching your army into the nation 's capital and declaring yourself emperor , like the best birthday ever amirite ? 
  so the more radical patriots dress up as indians ( classy ) , break into a privately owned boat at night ( violation of massachusetts general laws title i chapter 266 \u00a7 16 ) and throw inflation adjusted  $ 10,000 worth of tea overboard ( chapter 266 \u00a7 127 ) . 
  the event becomes propaganda fodder for royalists , saying it proves the patriots are actually the bunch of rabble and criminals they 're accused of being .
