   other than ethnic russians pissing on the very idea of integrating maybe that 's exactly what was wrong with it ? 
  i mean , do n't you think there was a reason for that sort of reaction ( apart from the obvious ` russians just being russians ' one ) . 
  a successful integration is when people are integrating . 
  a failed one is when they 're not . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  but the outcome of the early integration process speaks for itself , there is still a massive discrepancy between the two populations . 
  and you ca n't just blame it on russians being lazy or unwilling to integrate , these things do n't happen by themselves . 
  muslim culture has much stronger influence in their day to day lives , it 's much more pervasive . 
  russian culture is much more subtle and is more or less a generic european one , so there is a much lower barrier for integration . 
  they do n't , that 's the point . 
  russians do n't live in dodgy areas by choice , maybe ? 
  all the russians with enough means or money try and get out of there . 
  the `` dodgy areas '' are just poorer areas and russians are generally poorer than the natives , that 's no secret . 
   a statement that is not true to the slightest how is it not true ? 
  you really believe it 's that different ? 
   empty words . 
  you can say these things without any knowledge of the issue and this is what you do . 
  oh i 've got plenty of knowledge , as i was part of it . 
  i trust i have more knowledge than you do . 
   that shows quite well what you guys ( and there are several of you in this subreddit ) really think about the `` russian way '' when your own comfort is at the line . 
  you are more than willing to vigorously defend russian imperialism and toxic way of governing , but you do n't want it to fall on yourself even in the slightest . 
  what ? 
  where did this come from ? 
  i 've never defended russian imperialism ( lol ! ), 
  and what is the `` russian way '' , i 've really no idea ? 
  i do n't disagree , but the way it 's been handled ( the integration process , although it 's better now than it was with free language courses , i believe ) was terrible and did not provide enough incentive . 
  what are you saying ? 
  correlation does not imply causation, 
  are we talking about russia or estonia now ? 
  russians living in estonia definitely do n't have a dysfunctional society , ca n't say the same about russians living in russia , though . 
  besides , societies change really quickly . 
  what about chinese , british or german tourists , are they any better ? 
  you 're going to have to rephrase that one . 
  culturally , russians in estonia are really not that different from native estonians . 
  there 's definitely a much smaller gap than that between muslim immigrants in the uk and native britons . 
  russians in estonia are , naturally , under constant influence from the russian state , as many of them became disenchanted with the way they 've been treated in estonia after the collapse of the ussr . 
  that is especially the case with older generations , many of whom live in a `` russian bubble '' so to speak . 
  what is more worrying , however , is that even the younger generation , especially in the russian-majority regions , do n't really feel connected to country where they were born ( estonia ) . 
  and that is , in my opinion , a big fault of the estonian state and their integration policy , they just like to pretend that the problem is not there and turn a blind eye on it . 
  russians are n't somehow innately evil , you know ? 
  it 's the environment that inhibits these bad traits . 
  and poor socio-economic situation among russians in estonia does n't really help . 
  the two statistics are n't comparable and you know it ( completely different countries ) . 
  we should praise the success of these policies when the crime rates , poverty , education , etc. 
  statistics are on average the same among all the ethnicities . 
  that 's the ultimate goal of the integration , is n't it ? 
  blame the failed integration policies , not the russians . 
  not sure why you are getting downvoted , as this is completely true . 
   the only murders there are probably commited by russians . 
  let 's blame russians for anything bad happening in estonia , amirite ? 
  how is ireland more stable ? 
  the article is literally about how much its economy is dependant on uk 's . 
  so if brexit goes badly , it would also resonate there . 
  exactly my point , e-signatures/voting , all this stuff might 've been really neat 10 years ago , but since then there 's been very little progress and innovation in that area . 
  the e-residency thing is the only thing i can think of off the top of my head . 
  but , ultimately , all these things are all related and are not enough to make estonia the ` the most modern digital state ' . 
  you 've got the point . 
  not really ? 
  besides , being negative is not always bad , as long as it provides you with the different side of the argument . 
  trust me , i love estonia and want it to prosper , you 're just getting the wrong vibe from my comments . 
   the comments here seem like `` hurr , why does estonia claim they 're so awesome all the time ? '', 
  so far you 're the only one who said it in this thread . 
  most people are just discussing the article and the validity of its conclusions . 
  hello my dear estonian friend . 
  i can assure you , my butthurt is not constant and only occasional . 
  it 's a topic i 'm genuinely interested and i think i 'm entitled to speak my mind . 
  and at least i 'm actually staying on topic , unlike yourself . 
   how so ? 
  there are various opinion polls so big shifts in results would be noticed , especially if they are caused mainly by electronic votes . 
  opinion polls figures can be widely different from the actual end voting results ( see last year 's uk general election ) . 
   and with paper ballots there is ? 
  you ca n't go and see if your voting ballot is still there after you 've voted , but you can do that in e-voting , for example . 
  with paper ballots it 's almost impossible to do a large scale fraud . 
  in uk , for example , there 's around 50,000 polling stations , so it would be a massive task to make even a small difference in results . 
   i understand that internet opens a lot of doors for manipulations , but that 's not only for elections . 
  as i said , we soon have to think about what 's not connected to the internet anymore , so i 'd rather start thinking about improving the security , unless you want to start disconnecting stuff all over the world because of security issues . 
  i agree with you on that one , although there does n't seem to be a viable solution for now , unfortunately . 
   you 're also right that estonia is tiny and unimportant enough for many to care so most likely it wo n't face much pressure , but maybe all this could also make it a key player in internet security , not just online voting . 
  nato cyber defence centre 's already here , eu it-centre coming up . 
  this could be interesting , definitely . 
  there is one crucial difference here , though . 
  the breach in consumer online banking security , for example , is very easy to detect . 
  at some point someone somewhere would eventually notice something dodgy 's going on ( money 's not there , unauthorized transactions , etc ) . 
  with online voting , on the other hand , it can go completely unnoticed and everyone would still be convinced that it all went well and good , because there is no way to tell that it was 100 % valid . 
  maybe because it 's inherently flawed ? 
  estonia only gets away with it ( so far ) , because it 's small and irrelevant . 
  ( spoken as an 8-year old account , means i 'm totally legit , right ? ), 
  it does n't , but it sure makes a good headline . 
  agreed , i can easily predict the past , for example . 
   if a tunnel was built under the gulf , a rail connection would connect the cities in just a half hour . 
  realistically , it would take around twice that time . 
  almost twice the length , actually . 
  not sure about the depth . 
   russian constitution does n't allow us to have a state ideology . 
  when was the last time anyone cared about the constitution in russia ? 
  very hipster !, 
  what are you trying to say with this ? 
  did n't get your fridge analogy . 
  but you should really reconsider your attitude towards estonian russians ( especially the younger and educated generation ) . 
  they are not as daft as you 'd like to think .
