  it actually felt quite claustrophobic at times , since it 's also surrounded by sea and russia  . 
  small country certainly has its perks , but i 'd rather live somewhere with a bit more space , since i love travelling . 
  things i miss about estonia : * everything is really close . 
  you can get from anywhere to anywhere in under 3 hours in estonia . 
  and if you happen to live in tallinn , then you rarely ever need to travel outside . 
  it 's quite a compact city , so everything is reachable within 40 minutes * wide , uncongested roads * obviously family & friends * the ability to wild camp almost anywhere * cheap prices for services, 
  interesting , did n't know that , i 'll need to give it another try . 
  hopefully , the placebo effect would kick in with this new piece of information , 
  like a true patriot !, 
  looks pretty , actually . 
  that 's europe 's southernmost fjord , by the way . 
  little piece of norway in the balkans , 
  to be fair i could never understand how people could drink either of these ... both taste like piss , so pretty comparable . 
  well , shit ... it did sound too good to be true anyhow . 
  what kind of behaviour ? 
  no empty words , proof please . 
  how do you know where i learn the history from ? 
  unless you 're a teenager ( in which case i can excuse your hormone-related stupidity ) , you might want to seek some professional help . 
  you 're clearly delusional . 
  whatever did i say in my comment that triggered all this anger ? 
  and where did you gather this from ? 
   you 're a fucking putin apologist who would go leaps and bounds to protect him . 
  also , learn some history , it would help you keeping intelligent discussions . 
  seriously , dude , you 're full of hate , that 's just not healthy . 
  all the lithuanians i met abroad were perfectly happy to speak to me in russian , since they were better at it than english . 
  admittedly , they were all aged 30 + . 
  i live on the moon and can say , with full confidence , that 93.34 % of people here speak english . 
  source : me . 
   we hate russians and anything to do with their country . 
  quite an unhealthy attitude , do n't you think ? 
  especially if you consider that they make up 25 % of your population . 
  what are you on about ? 
  i wish everyone was like the germans ( just 18 % ) , they seem to have learned the lesson well . 
   since / r/europe is full of ~ ~ warmongers ~ ~ clueless kids ftfy, 
  it 's alright, 
  what i was trying to say really is that both these things are incorrectly worded on that website ( to support their agenda ) . 
  i agree that chechnya is obviously completely different matter , politically speaking . 
  that makes sense , thanks . 
  i was wondering where i acquired that mental image from . 
  that was in response to an initial georgian aggression . 
  calling it an ` attack ' without the right context makes it sound like they 've started it . 
  edit : same goes for chechnya . 
  there 's something nazi-ish about that black cross coupled with the white border . 
  maybe white cross , blue border , black background ? 
  but then that would make it too funeral-ish ... 
  oh shit , that 's a massive gap !, 
  i imagine you must be having problems with poor estonian migrants taking all yer jerbs ? 
  plot twist : his teacher is also his father . 
  no need to be so harsh on the l 's !, 
   china has very few energy resources , struggles to feed its population and their manufacturing sector can not produce the high quality goods anyway . 
  well they 've got plenty of coal . 
  mind you , i 'm not saying they 're even close to being self-sufficient , as i still think there is no such thing nowadays . 
  [ counter-argument ] ( http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/p1-br181_nato_j_g_20140829170008.jpg ) for estonia, 
  ha , that 's actually what i wanted to name it in the first place . 
  but decided to disguise it as a completely impartial one . 
  so no thanks for spoiling it !, 
   insult the fucking british tourists . 
  that would be very impolite . 
  you should at least let them finish . 
  there 's been way too many articles popping up recently on this particular topic . 
  and all of them basically follow the same pattern and contain the same sort of analysis based on some arbitrary figures . 
  most importantly , most of these articles are written by people who do n't have a clear grasp on the political and socio-economic situation in these countries ( mostly because they 're written by foreigners ) . 
   estonia appears far more vulnerable . 
  a quarter of its population - 330,000 people - are ethnic russians ; over 90,000 are russian citizens . 
  another 85,000 are non-citizens , prohibited from voting in national elections , although they can vote in municipal polls . 
  basically , these numbers do n't mean shit . 
  you ca n't just calculate how vulnerable the country is to destabilization based on the number of russian ** - speaking ** citizens in it . 
  unlike crimeans , they do n't want to be a part of russia . 
  got ta transport all them job stealers somehow . 
  what about all the consumer stuff currently made in china/taiwan/etc ? 
  i would actually argue that china is more self-sufficient than us , since they produce just about everything . 
   it must be gypsy-related . 
  yeah but they 're counted separately :  romani 4.30, 
   that 's interesting . 
  where does this dislike for ukrainians come from ? 
  forget ukrainians , what about romanians ? 
   romanians 3.55, 
   the us is the only nation that could be self sufficient without suffering greatly . 
  genuine question , what makes you think that ? 
  asking simply because i believe that none of the developed nations can be self-sufficient nowadays . 
  bit overdressed for sweeping chimneys , no ? 
  or is he in his dress uniform ? 
  looks badass anyhow . 
   north korea is self sufficient . 
   probably the only self sufficient country on the planet would be the us sense , it makes none , what you said just . 
  old habits die hard . 
  yeah , definitely not the lithuanian one . 
  do n't want people confusing the united baltics with myanmar . 
   i would n't want to abandon our sexy colours . 
  says every person from every baltic state !, 
  just admit it though , eesti flag is still prettier . 
  it does , but not as much as you might think ( iirc around 10 % of the gdp ) . 
  so where would the capital be ? 
  now fight !, 
  sorry , i had to :(, 
   i think bulgaria should leave the eu , and here are my reasons why . 
   nobody respects us . 
   we would not be missed . 
  you can always get serbia to substitute , and to be the target of your jokes western europe . 
   nobody needs us anyway .
