  seriously , i 'm not sure where you 're getting these thoughts from , is estonian media really that bad ? 
  because that 's just nothing like my experience . 
  hope you 'll see the light one day , 
  which is why i was also a long-time proponent of the estonian state-sponsored russian channel . 
  you need to show an alternative perspective to them . 
  seeing as you know myself better than i do , i do n't really see a point in arguing . 
  great generalisation , by the way , really shows the village mentality of some of my former countrymen . 
   russians vote for them because kremlin intelligence service picked savisaar as their man . 
  `` so why did you vote for this guy ? '', 
  `` oh i do n't know , he 's fsb 's favourite , so i guess he must be a solid candidate . '', 
  really ? 
  that 's another matter than . 
  i would vote for whichever party would promise these kinds of investments . 
  investment in public transport , infrastructure ( cycling !, 
  ) , gentrification of the poorer areas , making the sea line actually a part of the city landmarks ( at the moment it 's completely blocked away by the port and crappy old housing ) , stuff like that . 
  wait , what about the rest of my arguments , are you just going to skim over them ? 
  how am i shilling for russia ? 
  you seem to be transfixed on that thought , even though i have n't given you the slightest indication of it . 
  well then maybe there needs to be another party that equally caters for both russian and estonian voters ? 
  there is a reason why most russians ( rightly or wrongly ) vote for the centrists - it 's because they 're the only party that actually promises them something ( which might or might not be true ) . 
  that 's how democracy works , and to get elected , you need to offer something for the majority of voters . 
  nonsense , it is not that big . 
  tallinn is a relatively large city , but the central area is still pretty compact and most amenities are within walking distance ( or a quick ride by bus/tram ) . 
  and i 've just linked you a pretty cheap parking option 5 minutes from the city centre . 
  what 's a xenopatriot ? 
  i , on the contrary , believe that it would benefit tallinn as a whole , since more people would choose to use public transport instead of polluting and congesting the roads . 
  my love for russia only exists in your imagination . 
  who said anything about the preference ? 
  but anyway , i have no idea about this plan , so it could very well be a waste of money . 
  my main point is that government should put public transport investment as a priority , at least in large cities , like tallinn . 
  i do n't know , i think it 's pretty accurate . 
  things do tend to get worse there after a period of economic success . 
  in london , it is more like a massive area among a ginormous city . 
  and apart from using the public transport , people also walk/cycle _ a lot _ . 
  want to go to the cinema ? 
  it 's just 3 euros for 24 hours , how cheap is that ? 
  [ proof ] ( http://www.europark.ee/?lang=en#selfservice.lot.popinfobox/1 ) btw , i 've lived in tallinn for 23 years and never had a problem with parking . 
  best brief history of russia . 
  in that case improve the public transport and make in a more pleasant experience to travel by bus/tram , there are many way in which this could be achieved . 
  having more cars on the road just leads to more congestion . 
  god forbid they do something good for the russian population , right ? 
  besides , you can easily get around the city centre by using the _ free _ public transport . 
  do n't like that ? 
  then pay premium for the privilege parking . 
  it is a good trend , i believe . 
  sometimes it feels like it 's the real thing . 
  they 're all a bit crap , to be fair . 
  i 'm sure you could do better , riga !, 
  [ just check out tallinn 's logo ] ( http://www.tallinn.ee/gal_pildid/18355.png ), 
  looks like he 's vomiting , too . 
   but you ca n't go about and assault people on the streets because of their ethnicity . . what worries me is that you felt the need to add the obvious ` but ' part . 
  surely they meant to say the card reader software has a bug in it , not the cards themselves . 
  the latter wo n't make any sense . 
  took them 24 years to finally realize that this is obviously a good idea . 
  who 's leading innovation in northern sweden ? 
  which is my point , once these companies grow big , they know they wo n't be able to get enough investment in countries like estonia . 
  innovation requires pumping large amount of cash to help bring ideas to life , unfortunate fact . 
  which is why even in the us every successful ( or wannabe successful ) company wants to be hq 'd in the silicon valley . 
  transferwise is headquartered in london , skype 's owned my microsoft . 
  startups per capita mean jack shit , unless they 're actually innovative ( which these maps are all about ) , are relevant and can produce proper revenues . 
  to become part of strong/leading innovators requires big money and investors , which estonia unfortunately lacks . 
  still , it punches above its weight , which is very beneficial in a long-term . 
  i think you meant 2 out of 35 . 
  asos and yandex . 
  around 23k , actually . 
  it 's not the craziest of ideas and i would personally love to see it built , it 's just that i 'm super sceptical about this whole project and trying to be realistic . 
  finns want it to connect their rail network to the rail baltica , eestis want it for faster communing ( although with the way the finnish economy is going , it might be the other way around soon ) , that 's totally understandable . 
  good, 
  6 % is a massive amount to spend on this type of project or indeed on any project . 
  i 'm sure there 's more useful things to spend that kind of money on . 
  57,000 passengers travel daily through the channel tunnel , which is around 1/17 of the combined population of tallinn & helsinki . 
  you wo n't get anywhere near that amount of traffic there . 
  and it wo n't take 30 minutes , 45-60 at best . 
  channel tunnel connects two one of the biggest cities in europe , it makes perfect sense . 
  they can do their cost analysis all they want , as that 's what they 're paid for , i assume . 
  but that 's not going to bring this project any closer to reality , i 'm afraid . 
  seriously , it 's a pipe dream at this point . 
  we 're talking about the tallinn-helsinki one , which would be around 80 km . 
  channel tunnel is also much shorter . 
  you still need to attract investors to build the tunnel , the governments wo n't be the ones paying for it , surely . 
  so it 's irrelevant if it is beneficial to them , unless it generates enough revenue for the private investors ( which it wo n't at this point , due to a low amount of demand ) . 
  it would be very difficult to convince the investors that it would generate enough profit to get good returns on their investments . 
  there is just not enough demand for it at the moment . 
  certainly much less than with channel tunnel or the one linked in op . 
  not going to happen , at least in our lifetime . 
  good , but will they clean the snow ? 
  seems to me that this would be of more use in finland !, 
  seriously awesome , at least from that angle !, 
  no one locks their doors while driving anywhere in estonia , that 's for sure . 
  you would lock your parked car , though , unless it 's a small town/island . 
   / at least in the estonian mentality that 's the key phrase . 
  it might be slightly more dangerous , but definitely nothing significant . 
  well , maybe some parts of narva , but you get dodgy areas in tallinn too . 
  i think we need to see the images taken from the ground level , as that would be from where most people will be enjoying it from . 
  common guys , i thought we were better than this . 
  just look at this thread , for example : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2vk73k/russian_barking_journalist_in_minsk/ the highest rated comment is :  russian journalists in a nutshell . 
  just a bunch of dumb dogs i mean , what 's that all about ? 
  is everyone just suddenly happy to discriminate against russians based on their country 's current political situation ? 
  this just seems to go too far . 
  edit : just to clarify , the above quote is just an example .
