   we will never get the respect we deserve , unless we learn how to manage by ourselves - you can not expect somebody to learn to live on his/her own if you are constantly helping/supporting him/her . 
   we should not stay somewhere , where we are not wanted and mocked constantly , we do need to have self-respect . 
   nobody cares about us anyway . 
  there 's no need for such drastic measures , it seems to me that bulgaria just needs a visit to psychiatrist or better yet call the suicide prevention hotline . 
  i load the save that i made just before we escalated this conflict to such a degree , assassinate all the politicians involved in all the warmongering and then go back to my sweet sleep . 
   also , i bet you that 90 % of the people who have a shower but not a toilet use the shower for peeing , at least at night and in the wintertime . 
  shhh , you do n't talk about these things . 
  read it as ` hamburger ' , got really confused for a second . 
   btw , did you fix that thingy to have both hot and cold water come through the same faucet ? 
  our leading scientists are tasked with finding a solution to that problem , but no luck so far . 
  on a more serious note , it 's ultimately up to you . 
  i 've got mixer taps in my house , for example , but some people just do n't care . 
   germany to drastically increase military spendings i was not really talking about cuts , but the opposite . 
   running water - 45 % sewage - 45 % interior bath/shower - 36 % running hot water - 32 % interior bathroom - 28 %, 
  ughh , that 's a tough one ... nah , of course it 's germany !, 
  well it 's an oak alright . 
  this are some shocking figures . 
  i 'm hoping that the government 's doing something about ths . 
  looks accurate enough ? 
  ^ feeling ^ suicidal, 
  i was just kidding , really . 
  as an immigrant , the last thing i would do is vote for ukip . 
  it is indeed not a very rewarding job . 
  and thanks for recognizing it . 
  i sometimes can resort to using harsh language purely out of desperation . 
  thanks , that 's all i was asking for . 
  ok , well , then we should n't , as tanks are not exactly wmds and mad doctrine does n't really apply to them . 
  are we comparing nukes to tanks now ? 
  pre-60s generations did n't stockpile nukes . 
  i suppose my question is do we have a proof that he has n't actually crossed the border to russia ? 
  that was a genuine guestion . 
  and unless you can provide me with a single example where i was pro-russia , you 're just being a hateful little cunt . 
   people in general are a bunch of hysterical group-thinking morons . 
  i 'm saving this for later . 
   estonia can withstand 3 days lol . 
  i really hope they wo n't ever try to prove you wrong . 
  if they do , i have a feeling the odds are not exactly in your favour . 
   ** other ** public services . 
  i think you know what i meant . 
  do we know this for definite ? 
  i forgot what they concluded after the actual incident . 
  that 's it , i 'm voting ukip , integration my arse !, 
  ( still undecided if / s or not ) . 
  or , you know , they could spend it on healthcare or other public services . 
  you 're assuming that wars fought in this century are no different from the last . 
  that 's not correct . 
  if you want to stop an aggressive dictatorship that 's got nuclear weapons , you do it with the soft power ( of which we 've got plenty ) , everything else ends up with the nuclear winter . 
  rearmament is a waste of money and will achieve nothing . 
  [ so which one are you ? 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-jdeicvy4rvw/unipuunxh4i/aaaaaaaaaea/abzx5emp-kw/s1600/bad+christmas+pics+gallery.png ), 
  awesome bro , but i 'm rather gon na be deserting to new zealand . 
  i mean your nasty pot-roast sounds very tempting , but think about all that delicious lamb !, 
   si vis pacem , para bellum that 's what the us was doing since 9/11 . 
  there are hundreds of better ways to spend all this money . 
   because that military alliance is still so vastly overpowering russia exactly , why do we need to keep arming further ? 
  seen the size of the military-industrial complex in the us ? 
  do you want that in europe too ? 
  warmongering kids gon na warmonger !, 
  if anyone know about this shit , it must be snoop dogg . 
  works in rts games , must be where most people carry over their logic from . 
  this , exactly this . 
  can we not start another war , please ? 
  with all these recent talks it 's beginning to seem increasingly likely . 
  i 'm really bad at digging trenches and amputating legs and shit ... edit : i 'm confused . 
  does all the downvoting here mean that you guys actually want to start another war ? 
  am i in a fucking boy scout camp or something ? 
   i ca n't eat candy shit 's tough, 
  you sound very competent , maybe you should be leading the investigation ? 
  it 's called politics , they 're supposed to be polite . 
  how brave !, 
  * received, 
  very informative and insightful article , was not expecting that . 
  definitely a good read !, 
  what else is there to look at ? 
  have you the same data in table representation ? 
  how would this affect the point i 've made anyway ? 
  looking at the maps from 1929 and 1913 ( before communism ) i ca n't see a single post-soviet eastern european country with gdp on par with scandinavia , portugal , spain or any other western european country ( apart from portugal ), 
  have you even looked at these maps ? 
  the gap between east and west have n't really changed during the soviets . 
  there was always a consistent difference in gdp between the two parts of europe . 
   justin petrone no idea who that is . 
  i known many russians and the only ones who think in that way are usually aged 50 + , are delusional and are mostly stuck living in the past . 
  they are definitely not representative of the majority of the russian-estonian population . 
   i 'm not even estonian but this was painful to read . 
  please refrain from posting on topics you clearly know nothing about . 
  painful , really ? 
  i do n't have a phd in estonian-russian cultures , but i do know a fair bit of both , having lived in estonia for 20 years and i can tell you the difference is marginal on a global scale . 
  here 's to hoping that it will become a super minority in the near future !, 
  well you obviously must know . 
   your arguments are full of fallacies , straight out lies , ignorance and hypocrisy . 
  and that is , again , simply your opinion . 
  unless you can prove it with facts . 
  not trying to sell you anything , just expressing my opinions , which are obviously very different from yours . 
  i know quite a lot , having lived in estonia for 20 years . 
   imperialist and nationalist sentiments of the russian people , who think they live in a historical russian territory and should n't integrate into the less fancy estonian society . 
  that 's the actual problem ... that 's mostly elderly people , though . 
  maybe some delusional young as well , but that 's not common at all . 
   by your logic the isis terrorist attacks are a sign of failure in integration as a compromise that would satisfy isis has n't been reached . 
  that 's a pretty terrible analogy ... 
  i agree it is much better nowadays and i 'm glad that the estonian government is learning from their mistakes , but there 's still a long way to go .
