  no red spot over delhi , bangalore etc ? 
  you ca n't not have health insurance in germany . 
  especially if you are not collecting hartz iv ( welfare ), 
  even in berlin one ca n't survive on less than 600 $ per month , even if you pay the student 's rate on health insurance . 
  source : fucking experience . 
  how much do you pay for health insurance ? 
  r/conservative is that way , ami-troll . 
  southerners ? 
  inb4 `` everyone south of the wall is a southerner '' reference, 
  indeed . 
  i think sometime around 2010 or 2011 , the verfassungsgericht , citing the [ article 10 ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gg/art_10.html ) of the basic law , the grundgesetz , ordered the isps to immediately delete all the data saved from its customers . 
  interestingly , the article pertains to briefgeheimnis , a law that dates back to the secrecy of the post . 
  again , i 'm no expert and i 'm not even german , i 'm just a guy who 's lived here four years for scientific work and have come to love this country . 
  let not the butthurt american shills and apologists get away with false equivalencies . 
  edit - i must add though , that this ruling came about because of a law requiring the isps to save user data for six months . 
  this was what was ruled unconstitutional and the isps were asked to delete everything with immediate effect and they were ordered not to save data anymore . 
  it was ruled as a violation of the secrecy of correspondence . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if this is being actively enforced . 
  it is worth nothing that this is one of the things the pirate party is fighting for . 
  their platform , in all fairness , seems like a joke compared to the `` real world problems '' , but internet secrecy and anonymity is a cause worth standing up for . 
  sorry but this is bollocks . 
  the datenschutzgesetz is very strong here . 
  to such an extent that this is the only country that i know of that stood up for us when many of us wanted our homes fuzzed out of google street view . 
  are you sure you are still not stuck in the cold war ? 
  and most consider the bnd and the verfassungsschutz to be a joke and toothless . 
  not saying i agree but a programme like prism will never happen here . 
  i never understood vampire sexuality . 
  they 're dead/undead right ? 
  they have no blood in them . 
  the amount of blood required to initiate and sustain an erection is so much more than the amount they drink ... 
  but this one 's looking good though . 
  some terribly good batsmen and a genius spinner . 
  to be fair , cricket has n't really been your ... ahem ... cup of tea for the past couple of decades , barring a few brilliant moments :p, 
  oh right . 
  stormfront is leaking again guys . . ,, 
  nope . 
  what 's wrong with somalians ? 
  * i * am an immigrant . 
  i 've been here four years nearly . 
  i work as a scientist , i pay my taxes , i speak the language and i am integrated . 
  i do n't go around demanding special treatment for my ethnicity or religion ( i have no religion ) . 
  how does an immigrant like me `` ruin '' your countries ? 
  then gives us back the curry !, 
  and we 'll want our koh-i-noor back too ... 
  also , wwii . 
  also , cold war . 
  also , colonialism . 
  glasgow , man, 
  this . 
  i was so surprised a few months ago when my roomie and i , high as kites , biked the 4 km into t\u00fcbingen to the nearest gas station at 1 am , only to be told , no beer . 
  you 're most definitely not in nk , are you ? 
  the girls sure do look like that . 
  i want to name the north of norway , rivendell . 
  night buses . 
  the woman is creepy, 
   the remaining kebabs , fuck off back to stormfront, 
  holy shit this guy should be the poster-boy for / u/justneckbeardthings, 
  actually , ` by you ' , you 're still right . 
  i am a german resident , not a citizen . 
  i come from india and the saudis are spending massive money there to push their wahabbi ideology . 
  its disheartening . 
  he did n't think that 's okay . 
  reading comprehension issues ? 
  just checked . 
  there is none . 
  the saudis can go fuck themselves . 
  they are one of the most fucked up me countries with way too much oil money and a terrible culture . 
  um this was about irish immigration a couple of hundred to a hundred years ago . 
  and yes they did form irish ghettos back then . 
  the irish are white . 
  that makes all the difference for them . 
  what about therbia ? 
  pot , meet kettle . 
  india ? 
  schulm\u00e4dchen report anyone ? 
  thanks . 
  i hate typing on my phone, 
  thanks !, 
  internationaler w\u00e4hrungsfonds in german . 
  interesting question !, 
  can you post that to / r/asklinguistics ? 
  edit - my phone hates spellings, 
  wait , purely theoretically , why ca n't there be a national socialist movement among jews ? 
  if everyone just learnt from history , the world would be a far less fucked up place right now, 
  oh stop posturing about iran . 
  you fucking toppled a democratically elected regime just because the pm nationalised iran 's oil and you got all butthurt about it because ussr . 
  * then * you install reza pahlavi , the authoritarian despot . 
  which directly led to the consolidation of power by the ayatollah . 
  why do n't you first google for `` why do we need gender studies ? 
  such ignorance, 
  * shit !, 
  on the train !, 
  but the pm is the head of the government , not head of state, 
  dunno i 've only ever had excellent experiences with the german police and i 'm brown ( not a muslim though ) . 
  weiden in der oberpfalz , arrived at 2220 , two days before xmas . 
  waited for my friend to pick me up . 
  he did n't show up even after 20 mins . . okay lem me call him ... oops where is my phone ??? 
  shit on the train . 
  so i went to the police station . 
  described the phone ( they called it and it had run out of battery ) .
