holy shit . 
  rip . 
  do you like sausages ? 
  whoa there guys ... . please do n't start another war :p, 
  most of those you 've met are the people who could travel outside or educated enough and mobile enough . 
  the uae is built on the sweat and blood of quasi-slaves . 
  wtf . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/may/23/goldman-sachs-agm-drive-food-prices-up if you think speculating on food prices , driving them up and pushing millions into poverty is okay because `` free market !!!!, 
  '' , then you 're a despicable citizen . 
  or a teenage who 's just read ayn rand , but i 'm repeating myself . 
  selling is n't the problem at all . 
  at all . 
  speculation on food prices is . 
  investing people 's money in risky shit is . 
  giving out sub-prime mortgages knowing they are sub-prime and the people ca n't pay it back , and then foreclosing on them is . 
  oh wait ... are you saying that all this is okay because business ? 
  guys , libertarian troll here . 
  ignore . 
  no , you claimed that . 
  we claimed that that 's not true , those products were missold . 
  but is n't the ceo of deutsche bank , a bank heavily involved in speculation , investment and a lot of shit a hindu from india ? 
  hah anti-semites , are you confused ? 
  not cow , not not pig . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  if the standard of living decreases , demand decreases leading to a drop in employment . 
  are you guys seriously sticking up for these neo-nazis because isluuum ? 
  really ? 
  you want to solve the islam problem with neo-nazis and are ok with it ? 
  wow . 
  they have n't grown as much as they should have , yes . 
  blame that on the neo-liberal ( conservative to you amis ) policies that have been in place forever . 
  the income inequality is larger now than in the 80s . 
  i do n't personally agree with a national minimum wage either . 
  it is much harder to live on 8,5 $ per hour in munich than in berlin . 
  if you have to impose a federal minimum wage , then set it at a base and get the districts to correct for cost of living before imposing it . 
  or mandate the state governments to set their own minimum wages based on cost of living at the district levels . 
  yup, 
  yes they are , but the cost of living in germany is also lower . 
  rents are cheaper than the surrounding countries , for instance . 
  much cheaper . 
  and the airlines ' would pass the cost on to the consumer . 
  huh ? 
  oh please . 
  they did n't `` help '' them . 
  they invested in rebuilding europe . 
  for every dollar invested in post-war brd , they got back 8 dollars . 
  if they had n't seen a potential for profit , they would 've never invested in the marshall plan . 
  why the fuck would i give a country who i was at war with , money to rebuild without anything in return ? 
  good . 
  this single currency zone when countries have such vast disparities in exports , foreign exchange reserves and quality of living is absurd . 
  that 's not true . 
  on the other hand , germany does not have such an aggressive consumer culture like the us or the uk . 
  but that 's not the main issue . 
  many foreign companies setup factories in germany where they produce for the local market . 
  this drives down imports . 
  is this why germans still attach a passport photo of themselves on their cvs ? 
  so that one can put a face to a profile ? 
  i thought this was only restricted to the conventional jobs in companies and such , but i was rather surprised when a student sent me a cv with his photo as a part of his application for a hiwi position . 
  oil makes their economy strong . 
  manufacturing , service and r&d make ours strong . 
  this tells me you do n't understand economics . 
  wages are usually set based on the percieved value of the labour and in comparison with what other companies are paying their workers for the same labour . 
  setting the minimum wage to 100 $ per hour would send the country into hyper-inflation , reducing demand and killing jobs . 
  these things are not either-or . 
  its a gradient . 
  depending on purchasing power , revenue from export and revenue from internal demand , the unemployment rate ( which is why it is harmful to have a 0 % unemployment rate ) , cost of living among other things , optimum minimum wages act like a stimulus to the economy by distributing the wealth more evenly resulting in a net increase in purchasing power and quality of life across the demographics . 
  but let me just say , i am not in favour of a federally imposed minimum wage in germany . 
  you ca n't live on 8 $ per hour in munich if you 're not a student . 
  you can in berlin and in most of the east . 
  districts should set their own minimum wages . 
  you should n't allow the workers ' unions to their own via bargaining either , because the corporate power is becoming more and more skewed and the unions are losing power . 
  look at norway, 
  more people will be able to afford and spend more creating more demand and so more jobs . 
  because i 've lived here for a while now and do n't see myself moving elsewhere in the near future . 
  if i have to choose from that list , i 'd go for amsterdam , rome and istanbul ( maaaybe squeeze in london ) . 
  dude . 
  i 'm not even german . 
  sheeesh . 
  he generalised an entire group by calling them savage bastards . 
  its okay because its the middle east ? 
  so i made my point by doing the same . 
  should 've left an / s sign there . 
  that was the point of it , genius ... 
  the guy above me called them savage bastards . 
  generalising a whole group , and we know the infamous xenophobia of r/worldnews . 
  and he 's from greece ... so ... 
  golden dawn is here ... 
  what the ... krusovice is a nice beer !, 
  augustiner , hands down . 
  if you go to the oberpfalz , there are these local family breweries that brew a beer called the zoigl . 
  with a big jewish star . 
  pirker is one of the best i 've ever had . 
  lasko was fantastic !, 
  hey at least we 'll have funny moments . 
  ah the three most xenophobic places in we :p ( kidding . 
  i lived in munich for a year , fucking loved it ), 
  wow ... 
  that 's what - legalise !, 
  but they bring in good hash , no ? 
  what ?!,
