  they are tried and jailed . 
  muslims who are citizens who engage in violent crime should also similarly be tried and jailed for life . 
  but no , what does one do ? 
  call for them to be `` deported '' . 
  ah but you 're also generalising crassly . 
  i 've said a number of times before that integration and assimilation has to be a 2-way street . 
  for e.g. 
  in germany , after middle-school at the age of 11 , you 're sorted into either a realschule , a hauptschule or a gymnasium . 
  you finish gymnasium with an abitur which allows you to attend university . 
  it has been unequivocally found that teachers discriminate when they hand out recommendation letters to students who want to go to gymnasium . 
  not only are the students discriminated by social class , i.e. 
  richer kids with a significant probability get to go to gymnasium - but also kids are discriminated on the basis of their immigrant background . 
  even bright kids of turkish extraction , second generation blacks etc are massively under-represented in the gymnasia because of this systematic discrimination . 
  even when the children want to do that . 
  i was at a friend 's place for a few beers last night and one of the guys is a cop . 
  he is of iraqi extraction , but he was born and brought up here . 
  he speaks schw\u00e4bisch like a native . 
  he was talking about how minorities are massively under-represented in the police force because the training system discriminates against them by `` not trusting them '' . 
  and those who become successful officers , are deployed to areas with significant migrant populations - like deals with like . 
  so let 's not pretend that its solely the fault of the muslim population that leads to radicalisation . 
  radicalisation in 2nd and 3rd generation populations is a big problem and please do n't trivialise it by saying `` mooslums baaad '' . 
  hang on a second . 
  its totally okay to have jewish daycare centres , delis and areas but not okay to have muslim `` ghettos '' ? 
  come on / r/europe ... 
  enh you guys just abolished that in 2011 . 
  and this is what is wrong with the tumblresque crowd . 
  they cheapen real issues . 
  sorry , what ? 
  this shit is getting ridiculous, 
  so ... . the black czechs ? 
  lmao, 
  who is ? 
  why do n't you tell people here what counts as a `` migrationshintergrund '' in german statistics ? 
  six months of my life i lived a lie o.o, 
  i 've lived in bielefeld . 
  it is such an unremarkable city that it might as well not exist . 
  except for its events calendar . 
  for some strange reason , a lot of bands do a gig there . 
  you literally said `` both '' to my question . 
  integration has to be an effort from both sides . 
  / u/sowowmate is against both legal immigrants and refugees . 
  i am an immigrant too . 
  i speak the language , i have always lived in flatshares with other germans , i work in academia . 
  i do n't get why he is against immigrants like me . 
  and when i said that / r/european has invaded this sub , i got downvoted to high heaven, 
  even if the legal immigrants hold down good jobs , contribute , learn the language and integrate to the best of their abilities ? 
  legal immigrants or refugees ? 
  being opposed to and being plain toxic are two different things . 
  not a big fan of what 's going on right now either but some of the crass generalisations here are totally out of order . 
  itt : / r/european has invaded . 
  stop downvoting this guy . 
  he is right . 
  there are constant calls for dolmetscher * innen on many help refugees forums . 
  interpreters who are very familiar with the language and region can easily tell whether the arabic they speak is of the syrian dialect ( s ) or not . 
  username checks out . 
  how expensive are firearms in norway ? 
  strangely , i find myself agreeing with the shitbag that is the csu . 
  where the fuck did the guy get a gun from ? 
  just a bog standard stormfronter, 
  what utter nonsense . 
  these guys are dumb . 
  this is only going to cause more tensions . 
   yeah yeah meat is important but c'mon . 
  okay then force everyone to go to uni and get an education . 
  let 's see how society functions then . 
  the reason why we do n't see a google or an apple in europe is because of other systemic issues , the biggest of which is the lack of a risk-taking culture and the endless bureaucracy . 
  after the war , the us appropriated a majority of german and other european scientists . 
  until then , the uk and germany were the scientific and technological powerhouses . 
  losing the war set back germany and europe significantly but goddamn look at the scientific progress germany has still made in the last 60 years . 
  you do talk a lot , so why do n't you startup ? 
  what you do n't get is not everyone can `` create '' , in the sense you are talking about . 
  if everyone does that , who is going to create the houses you live in , make your furniture , your car , your home appliances , fix your electric , your water , your plumbing , butcher your meat , grow your vegetables and all the other things that you take for granted ? 
  these are also specialised jobs and the german apprenticeship system makes sure to keep them at a high quality, 
  kifferei, 
  ah thanks !, 
  i did add a hochbett , but it was n't the most ... ah ... optimal for certain nightly activities involving another person . 
  how the fuck do you pay 59 bn in cash ? 
  and then coins after 45 ? 
  pics or it did n't happen, 
  at first , but then you get used to it . 
  living in old houses is amazing - altbau . 
  lived in one from 1885 in berlin , and currently living in one from 1910 in southern germany, 
  was n't there already a vollverschleierungsverbot in germany ? 
  if not , they should implement it asap . 
  but only in public places including buildings and in banks , supermarkets etc. 
  do what you want in your house . 
  okay where the fuck would you `` deport '' a citizen to ? 
  true . 
  the main culprit is saudi money funding radical mosques and imams and schools, 
  arrest him . 
  if he is n't a citizen , then deport . 
  oh my , germany is not going to like this . 
  hey italy , you still want help for your banks right ? 
  so , like wuppertal, 
  you 're an idiot . 
  that 's not hyperbole btw . 
  the liberal left says nothing of the sort . 
  you wish we say that stuff because then you can simply just blame one group . 
  what kind of bullshit discourse is this ? 
  show me one left liberal who says anything close to what you think we say .
