you 're going to incentivize smart medical minds to go into plastic surgeries and other extraneous fields ; demolish the already hard pressed medical education system ; create mass shortages of doctors ; create rationing and wait lines . 
  i love how you just jumped from `` capped doctor salaries '' to rationing and wait lines and shortages of doctors . 
  you have never even listened to what cap i am suggesting . 
  i could be suggesting a cap that leaves enough room for doctors to make a very good or even awesome living , but still cause a dent in the ridiculousness of medical prices . 
  doctors in germany can make around 7k per month depending on their experience , their work environment and their abilities . 
  that 's still nearly four times as much as your average technician . 
  the simple fact remains that you ca n't cap medical payments and hospital bills without also putting in a soft cap for doctors . 
  otherwise they 'll just adjust their payment higher for every dollar that is lost in other areas . 
  the end result will be a minor change that wo n't help the medical system . 
  funny thing is - the doctors i do do n't do it for money . 
  they do it out of a strong conviction to help people . 
  of the dozen people i know who work in that field or want to work in that field , nobody ever gave * lots of money * as a valid reason . 
  i really do n't think that doctors capped at a reasonable level would completely kill the profession . 
  or allow them an uncapped income , but tax them after certain thresholds . 
  an infinitely open ceiling will create horrendous prices . 
  what good is lower medical payments and hospital bills if doctors will just deduct all that lost money onto their own salary because the system permits it ? 
  and if americans are so used to high prices , chances are they wo n't be stopped . 
  and the issue is that `` competition '' wo n't regulate what they can charge . 
  you do n't really haggle with a doctor . 
   with 30 million illegals . 
  it 's probably closer to ten million . 
  and the simple fact remains that whoever wants universal health care has to pay a small fee each month to get it . 
  nobody is suggesting you hand out surgical procedures for free . 
  however , the people who would be registered with the healthcare system and pay their dues receive healthcare . 
  the * universal * part is that nobody of any layer of income is kept out of the healthcare system due to not being able to afford it . 
  and that solution implies that everything except clinical emergencies are * registered * and * paid * . 
  the illegal immigrants would n't put a dent into that . 
  besides , i believe it is a hilarious stunt to say universal healthcare for 300 million people is n't possible because there are ten million illegals in the us . 
  it 's not as easy to define it even after the third month . 
  as you might know , the definition of murder is :  a murder is the unlawful killing of another human without justification or valid excuse , especially the unlawful killing of another human being with malice aforethought . 
  abortion after the third month is n't necessarily unlawful . 
  it 's not always without justification ( mental impairment or disability , dangerous for the mother to give birth ) . 
  and it is probably not a decision entirely born out of malice , but for very complex reasons . 
  calling it * absolutely murder * is trying to make it a bit more simple than it actually is . 
   it 's not the job of the federal government . 
  and that 's the problem : it should be a matter of * federal * government to find binding rules for an universal healthcare system across the us . 
  fiscal reality for healthcare systems is that the us needs a cap on medical payments , hospital bills and doctor salaries . 
  how does that old joke go ? 
  i can fly to spain , replace my hip , live a year in madrid , then join a rodeo and get * another * hip and return to the us ... and i 'd still be off cheaper than what that single hip transplant would 've cost me in the us . 
  it 's an actual fact that the us fiscal reality is that the entire medical system needs serious * federal reform * and an universal health care bill . 
  that has nothing to do with facism . 
  there 's a difference between accepting that an opinion can be voiced and * accepting a baseless opinion * . 
  * i might not like what you have to say , but i will do my very last so you are allowed to say it * . 
  however , this statement does not imply that i ca n't point out how utterly wrong you are once you say it . 
  what examples did he provide ? 
  * universal healthcare is dangerous communism * . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  universal healthcare is providing higher standards of living , a higher average lifespan , and more mental health . 
  it 's neither dangerous nor communism . 
  * jesus guides my every step * . 
  what the hell , man ? 
  i 'm asatru , and i do n't claim odin guides my every step . 
  calm your nuts , padro . 
  do n't bring your dead friend into this !, 
  * climate change is n't real * . 
  it is . 
  there 's terrabytes of factual evidence proving it . 
  someone who claims it is n't has to be called what he really is - an uneducated and paranoid idiot . 
  * abortion is murder * . 
  factually , and this answers your ...  is an unborn baby a human life or not ? 
  ... a human baby evolves necessary functions only past the second to third month . 
  before the brain is working properly , it is a lifeless mass of bio-mass . 
  it lacks brain function . 
  * spirit * , if you want to get esoterical or transhumanistic . 
  everything prior to this point should n't even be up for debate . 
  the answer is * no * . 
  not until a certain point during the pregnancy . 
  which is utter bollocks . 
  the environment we grow up in is a pretty deciding factor for our later development in life , and it is a very important factor in determining how we behave . 
  someone who grows up in a community that has seperated white and black couples will perceive this seperation as `` normal '' . 
  it 's not because he 's a racist , but because this is the environment he grew up in . 
  this seperation will be an unspoken constant for him . 
  close minded ? 
  yes , possibly . 
  moron is taking it a bit far though . 
  it 's exactly what the guy is pointing out that is fundamentally wrong . 
  somebody who ca n't * understand * why people are bisexual/transgender or anything of the sort is n't a moron . 
  heck , i 'm bisexual myself , and i ca n't understand transgender people . 
  people sometimes assume that because `` lgbt '' and all that . 
  as if we are all part of some hidden social group on facebook . 
  yes , she can be terribly uncomfortable with such concepts and not want to embrace them , but at the same time do n't be a moron or a homophobic . 
  i do n't think she 's close minded or homophobic for disliking bisexuals . 
  and that 's just an example . 
  if she 'd point out to me that bisexuality is abnormal , then i 'd most likely agree from a purely scientific point of view . 
  bisexuality is in favour of `` relaxation '' and `` recreation '' as part of a sexual activity , but it does n't support reproduction . 
  so , where does something that overwrites an inherent biological desire come from ? 
  judging that there are more purely heterosexual than homosexual or bisexual people , i 'd like to know what the biological or psychological difference is . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  the point is that i would n't call this dude 's grandma a moron for not bothering with it . 
  i can imagine better things for the twilight of life than worrying about what people stick their willies into , or what term might be insulting . 
  macron laid out a few basic details of his economic plans . 
  nothing too major , but it was a good insight . 
  however , most of his time was spent defending against the ridiculous accusations of his opponent . 
  le pen attacked macron for stuff he did n't actually do . 
  some of the redundant and completely idiotic arguments included that * he was booed by factory workers * , although that was a fn setup and they later claimed he was `` very reasonable '' and did n't boo him after speaking for almost two hours . 
  she also claimed he * was cherrishing and supporting the opression of gays and jews * because some groups apparently support him . 
  le pen , i am very sure i can find ku klux klan members who support you . 
  do n't play that card . 
  she then said * he always blames the french people for everything wrong with france * , although that is n't the case . 
  what he pointed out was that people are n't thinking stuff through when they advocate pension at sixty because the financial burden would be too much for young people and middle-aged businessmen to bear .
