  sorry , what ? 
  well , she 's the main proponent behind the snooper 's charter and was , until recently , pushing for us to leave the echr . 
  she 's still the best candidate though , which is truly saying something, 
  well i do n't think any of them have said that they 'd have another election , so ... 
  but you know , we got out of the undemocratic eu . 
  it 's the height of democracy to have the 150,000 members of one political party that got 37 % of the vote on a 66 % turnout ~ ~ to ~ ~ choose the prime minister for a country of 64 million people, 
  let 's see ... * thinks that privacy does n't matter * is basically trump but female and british * incompetent and arrogant to an extraordinary degree * thinks you can pray the gay away * shown he ca n't be trusted in positions of power what an amazing group of people that 150,000 people shall choose between to be our next prime minster ... 
  it 's really saying a lot that , even with all her baggage , i 'd consider may to be the least terrible of that lot, 
  because although all polls indicate that , even when dealing with the conservative membership , may is the clear winner , a lot can change by the time that the membership gets to vote . 
  leadsom , despite being a moron , is surprisingly popular - you could end up with a corbyn/trump situation, 
  i honestly do n't think he cares so much about the uk leaving the eu , so much as he wishes to see the total collapse of the eu, 
  in case anyone was wondering , the rest of them combined got 164 votes . 
  may really is the clear frontrunner at this point, 
  fair enough . 
  and thanks for answering - i think a lot of this came about due to people simply not seeing where others came from and so , in my own small way , i 'm trying to fix that, 
  partly that , partly his stance of trident , and , perhaps most notably , comments he 's made regarding the falklands . 
  he basically suggested setting up a power-sharing deal between the uk and argentina over the islands - this completely ignores the will of the people living on those islands , who voted overwhelmingly to remain british , as well as re-opening that old wound with argentina there were also some comments made regarding irish re-unification , but that is something i do n't know much about and , considering how touchy that can be , do n't really want to touch, 
  well , labour is down on the polls from where they were last year with ed milliband , who was notably disliked by the electorate , and this is in a year when the tories have both torn the country and themselves apart i like the guy , i really do , but he 's not leadership material . 
  between the various foot-in-mouth moments regarding foreign policy , how easy it is to spin him talking to terrorist groups as supporting them , as well as the fact that he has all the charisma of a plank of wood , he just was n't cut out to be leader . 
  no-one in his position would be - he went from unheard-of back-bencher to leader of his party, 
  english has basically the same thing - `` if the shoe fits , wear it '', 
  i 've seen people mention this and i 'm genuinely a little confused as to why you 'd vote remain if you dislike freedom of movement ? 
  if he believed in getting votes for labour he would have resigned by now ... 
  so ... she manages to negotiate a deal with the eu that , in retrospect , was good to the point of absurdity ? 
  in all seriousness , she does seem to be moving in that sort of direction . 
  and the comparison ca n't really be avoided considering that , with her and may being the frontrunners , the tories are almost certainly about to give us out second female prime minister . 
  if she actually does go the thatcher route , and she has said that 's what she 'd like to be , that terrifies me as someone from liverpool, 
  just to point out that this woman is actually , in her own way , really quite dangerous :  she said that she would fire article 50 as soon as becoming prime minister , which , combined with a line from her launch speech ( `` neither we nor our european friends need prolonged uncertainty and not everything needs to be negotiated before article 50 is triggered and the exit process is concluded '' ) is rather worrying as , like every other leaver , she seems to have no plan other than leave  then there was the time when , on andrew marr , she stated that she wanted to make us [ `` the greatest country on earth '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4bzuj2vcx8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=244&amp;ab_channel=bbcnews ) which has some worryingly trump-esque overtones  then there 's her stance on gay marriage . 
  whilst i appreciate that religion can have a profound influence on people , it should have absolutely no role in making policy decisions  and then there 's simply the fact that she 's completely inexperienced - she 's only been an mp since 2010 and has never been in the cabinet in any way . 
  i would like to point out that labour have provided a stark warning as to the damage such a decision can do to a party in opposition . 
  imagine that , but the actual government and you really start to get how dangerously unprepared this woman is - in what possible way could she be qualified to run the country ? 
  farage was the main voice behind leave other than boris . 
  if he actually stands by this and just shuts the fuck up , then we might just be able to get it through to people that leaving is n't in their best inerests, 
  i did n't mean immediately . 
  i meant in around 20-30 years, 
  i was angry with the lib dems about the whole uni fees thing . 
  but considering that they are , besides the greens , the only party that has promised to campaign in favour of the eu , they 've got my vote, 
  you know that sort of laughter you devolve into when you 're sad but ca n't think of anything else to do ? 
  yeah ... 
  i think that if farage follows through with this and does back down , we might be able to push for eea membership . 
  would result in the economy tanking less and allow for us to eventually re-enter when people realise leaving was an idiotic idea, 
  well with him having left they might actually be able to come to some sort of reasonable `` leaving the eu but not really '' solution that does n't drive the economy into the floor, 
  yeah , eea membership would be the best of a terrible situation but would mean pretty much nobody is actually happy with the result of this yeah . 
  i feel sorry that everyone else had to put up with the twat for so long . 
  if he ends up on the negotiating team for some reason ... 
  aww :(, 
  you might get a few thousand at most , but not millions . 
  besides , staying in the eea but leaving the eu would fulfil the requirements of the referendum vote . 
  the consequences of leaving the eea would be * far * worse than a few idiots getting uppity and trashing a few cars, 
  they never said another referendum . 
  and , let 's face it , the vote was on whether to leave the eu or not - implementing that could be interpreted in a variety of ways whether that would be a good idea is debatable - you 'd anger a huge amount of people by doing so but not doing so would basically drive the economy into the floor which * no-one * wants, 
  so obviously these demands are kind of insane . 
  but does it not seem odd to anyone else that the sun , one of the largest anti-eu papers in the uk , and one that had so vehemently fought in favour of leave , is suggesting an idea for staying ? 
  edit : i think we might be starting to see the pivot here . 
  either an attempt to stay in the eu entirely or , failing that , membership in the eea . 
  as much as i hate to say it , if the sun got behind that it could probably be sold to the public, 
  as it stands right now , the government has a majority of ... 10 ? 
  either way , it 's tiny . 
  this would only be reduced/removed entirely if there was a snap election as ukip , sadly , look like they 'd do fairly well and a lot of tory seats are fairly marginal . 
  as for articke 50 , there 's a lot of confusion as to whether that has to go through the commons , which is around 75 % remain , and whether they 'd be willing to destroy the country just because a third of the country said to do so i 'm going between despair , anger , and laughter on a pretty rapid basis as we act out uk house of cards . 
  and we have months more of this horseshit ... how 's poland in comparison ? 
  well cameron said immediately , then it became september with a new leader , and now i 've heard may throwing around december . 
  i guess they 're waiting for everyone over here to calm the fuck down - both the public and politics, 
  [ this is still going to be a problem ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36678222 ) . 
  hope it 's not, 
  how i wish liverpool could be part of scotland ... 
  i 'm also half convinced that they 're dragging this out , with theresa may suggesting some time in december , to cause economic havoc to the point that people change their mind, 
  326 to be precise, 
  the problem is that we only have around 20 skilled diplomats/negotiators . 
  i think they 're going to be a tad tied up with the whole `` leaving the eu '' thing, 
  they are going to follow the law . 
  they have no reason to change the law, 
  this is a nice reality you live in . 
  you just assert things without any basis in fact and assume they 'll happen . 
  must be nice, 
  [ well , i 'm making no progress here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnsrk6p9qvi&amp;ab_channel=fringelife ) we would have to break eu . 
  how would that not piss them off ? 
  i * never * said that . 
  i said we * ca n't * . 
  see the difference ? 
   this law makes sense for eu countries , but it does not make sense for countries that are about to leave the eu . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  the eu represents 45 % of our trade . 
  they will still be our largest trade partner after we leave . 
  and you suggest deliberately pissing them off by flouting eu law . 
  bravo ... passporting makes a huge difference . 
  it 's what allows london to act as the financial capital of europe . 
  without that , london is fucked, 
  what part of `` eu members ca n't negotiate their own trade deals '' do you not fucking understand ? 
  we can not begin ftas `` tomorrow '' as doing so would break eu law yes , and they have not been reliant upon eu membership for 40 years . 
  london provides about 1/5 of all the income of the uk , and relies upon passporting . 
  london can not function without it and hence , if it loses it , the uk can not function skilled labour from outside the eu can already come here , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  and unskilled eu labour ? 
  people complain about them `` taking our jobs '' , yet they were n't jobs that british people were willing to do anyway . 
  so what then , because the uk can not function with those jobs being filled, 
  oh but do n't worry guys , we have a fake story about getting some from new zealand . 
  take that project fear ... 
  we are extricating ourselves , unnecessarily and completely idiotically , from a complex political and economic union . 
  that takes time . 
  so much time that we may end up not being able to do so before the 2 year period is up .
