  that means he was n't elected vice president or president, 
  i was n't arguing that he had never been the vice president . 
  but :  becoming president upon richard nixon 's departure on august 9 , 1974 , he claimed the distinction as the first and to date the only person to have served as both vice president and president of the united states ** without being elected to either office ** . 
  yeah , except gerald ford also was n't voted into the vice presidency either . 
  though i 'll agree with you , this entire process , even if it had played out fully , is ridiculous, 
  she ~ ~ frank underwooded ~ ~ gerald forded her way to the top, 
  personally would n't mind if she left the uk ... 
  true enough i suppose , but the sheer size of the economies involved means that a lot of countries and other trade blocs wish to trade with the eu . 
  and the bloc allows for tough negotiations i 'll cede the point though - i do n't really know how much of that is intentional and how much is just how it played out . 
  it can be argued either way, 
  true , though that would seem to make the argument that it allows for easier trading within the bloc . 
  and considering that all negotiation is done by the bloc , it allows for a much harder bargain to be argued, 
  okay , can you explain how that works ? 
  yeah , within the single market, 
  yeah , but london needs [ # 175 million floral bridges ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/garden_bridge ) in case anyone is wondering , i think that 's equal to the money that cornwall gets from the eu ... over a three year period ... 
  to point out how long this has been going on for , there were similar suggestions in the late 19th and early 20th centuries when it was becoming increasingly obvious that most of ireland was done with the uk, 
  i could still see it happening , but it would probably take a lot longer than it otherwise would have . 
  maybe move it to the likes of india and brazil - potential superpowers with big problems making the final step ? 
  oh yeah , totally . 
  i was just thinking on the superpower scale , which only has the us left now . 
  and possibly china and the eu to come, 
  i meant on the same scale the the usa and ussr were at the end of the second world war . 
  the uk is obviously still a power , but at nowhere near the scale it once was, 
  the transition between superpower and just a regular power can be hard , but i thought we 'd managed to get this after joining the eu . 
  all i can hope is that may is n't stupid enough to try and take us out of the eea outright, 
  and the same was largely true then . 
  but you know the point that i was getting at . 
  we can not act like an independent major power - we 're simply not big enough anymore, 
  i would argue that the circumstances are dramatically different . 
  britain , on paper at least , could have been a world power at the end of the second world war if it had had a chance to recover . 
  the empire dissolved before that came to pass . 
  if churchill looked at the modern uk , i do n't think he 'd believe we could do it alone, 
  that 's a good point , i 'll edit that now . 
  that was poorly worded on my part , so cheers but yeah , it would piss off a lot of people . 
  even if you somehow managed to get agreement that this sort of idea might be useful in theory , the arguments over what language to use in practice would be endless . 
  unless you use some form of constructed language , the historical baggage would be too great, 
  i know what you mean about lack of practice . 
  i 've studied latin for three years at uni and only finished a month and a half ago . 
  already feels like it 's slipping away, 
  sorry , i did n't know about the sort of being forced bit . 
  my apologies english as a first language is kind of a double-edged sword . 
  on the one hand , it does mean that , pretty much wherever you go , you 'll be able to find someone to help you with whatever it is you 're doing and communicate . 
  on the other hand , as you mentioned , it is detrimental to secondary/tertiary languages - most people i knew at secondary school considered it a waste of time . 
  i 'm trying to rectify this now , but god knows i wish i 'd put the effort in when i was at school . 
  i was n't even terrible at french, 
  i just think that making it mandatory would anger ~ ~ some politicians ~ ~ a lot of people - saying another country 's language is more important . 
  if everyone naturally gravitates towards one language then that 's fair enough , but forcing one seem a bit off somehow, 
  yeah ... no thanks, 
  i know this is n't a great explanation , but leadsom truly does appear to be an idiot . 
  you should see the mess she 's managed to get herself into regarding comments she made about theresa may not having kids, 
  that 's true enough i suppose , but i think `` educating people on the eu '' can be more in-depth than just sitting them down and explaining the processes . 
  simply put , the eu is n't a big part of the british public 's psyche - it just does n't register . 
  everyone knows it 's a big thing , but the most that a lot of people see are the complaints regarding the odd problem or policy decision that 's being deflected . 
  if you have apathy about this sort of thing , people generally wo n't hear about the benefits - you saw that happen in the referendum debate where the benefits were only brought up last minute for some reason, 
  no problem , we 've all been there , 
  just to let you know , it 's `` proportional '' not `` personal '' but yeah , our political system is pretty messed up . 
  [ this video by cgpgrey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i&amp;ab_channel=cgpgrey ) is quite a good example of this . 
  he points out that belfast south has an sdlp mp who only got 24.5 % of the vote . 
  you ca n't have situations like that but at the same time , now , more than ever , you * are not * going to see a change to any proportional system - it 'd only benefit ukip and they 're despised by both the conservatives and labour , and is about the only thing they can agree upon right now as for the compromises , i think there is a recognition that this is needed . 
  we went into the last election with the expectation that there would be another hung parliament and another con-lib coalition - cameron put the referendum in there with the expectation that it would be taken out by the liberals in return for a functioning coalition . 
  then he got a majority . 
  i mean , there have even been some suggestions of a `` progressive alliance '' with labour , the greens , the liberals and plaid cymru all forming a single party with the sole intention of keeping us in the eu . 
  that would help on the compromise point , but make the representation issue even worse i do n't know how we 're going to fix this, 
  well part of the problem is that the message has consistently been `` this is good for the economy , the finance sector , etc. '', 
  if you get to a community that is n't based on that , that feels like they 've had their traditional work stripped away from them , those arguments are n't going to work - macroeconomics mean nothing to them their anger is , in my opinion , misdirected , but the problem is that they have serious and legitimate issues that are n't being addressed . 
  this was n't the way to fix it , but , even though i disagree vehemently with the means , i ca n't think of any other way they could get that message out, 
  would n't that be extraordinarily unpopular ? 
  i think part of the problem is that there has never been any sort of education about the eu . 
  i mean , in the government and politics as the eu was introduced with `` this is confusing and makes almost no sense '' there 's obviously some innate sense of english nationalism at play , but i just think that a lot of people either did n't want to move or did n't `` get '' that they could, 
  see , that 's reasonable - that petition was never going to do anything . 
  but taking us out of the eea in some short-sighted attempt at appeasing nationalists would be idiotic, 
  well , it would appear that the leadership of this country is committed to driving us off of a fucking cliff . 
  wonderful ... 
  okay . 
  thanks for all the information about this by the way - i had no idea that this had happened . 
  i guess that this is all due to italy 's fragmented history - i wonder if germany has had the same problem ? 
  wow , i take it that that can sometimes cause severe problems ? 
  like , official documents and whatnot being in a language you do n't know , without the option to get them in the one you * do * know ? 
  wait , it straight up is n't allowed for any teaching of local dialects in schools ? 
  that does n't seem right . 
  i can see not making it mandatory , but is it not even something you can learn as an option ? 
  that seems a pity - is there any attempt to revive these dialects ? 
  i know it 's not the exact same situation , but i know that welsh has managed to make a lot of progress over the last couple of decades, 
  so it 's a situation of `` a can understand b , and b can understand c , but a ca n't understand c '' ? 
  oh wow , i never knew that that had happened in italy . 
  just out of interest , were these languages were largely mutually intelligible ? 
  i 'm kind of split on that - i genuinely think he likes complaining more than he would actually running things . 
  that said , i do think he could come back to lead a re-branded ukip for national issues the problem is though that they would essentially be to england was the snp and plaid cymru are to scotland and wales . 
  ukip do have some support in wales , but basically do n't exist in scotland or wales . 
  so you end up with an english nationalist party , for all intents and purposes , which , for a lot of people , would have * very * negative connotations, 
  yeah , it is going to cause severe problems no matter which way these idiots go . 
  it 's also going to set back electoral reform as , currently , first past the post voting is the only thing that 's really holding ukip back . 
  it 's the same reason that a snap election is unlikely , as they 're just waiting for ukip support to fade again, 
  it depends really . 
  if you had johnson , gove , and leadsom all come out in favour of it then you might be able to sell it - if the main leave guys seemed happy then a lot of people could be convinced of it . 
  it 'd be even better if farage keeps his head down , but it 's him so that seems unlikely i reckon that , either way , if they decide on that choice then they 'd throw all their weight behind selling it . 
  you 'd need to sell the economy side of it to the working class people that feel they 've been left behind though , which could be hard - macroeconomic arguments basically mean nothing to them . 
  if you focus on things like the nhs needing skilled labour and the price of staples going up then it could happen, 
  i think there 's very few people who would say that eea membership is better than eu membership , but it 's the only real way to not have the economy crash whilst also still selling it as `` leaving the eu '', 
  [ as shown in this documentary ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe&amp;ab_channel=hostishumanigeneris ),
