  at this point , i just wish there was a way for nicola sturgeon to take charge of things . 
  she , and the rest of the snp , seem to be the only people currently in british politics that have their fucking shit together, 
  i know what you mean . 
  we ca n't build things high quality , and we ca n't go cheap enough to undercut countries like china . 
  so i guess we 're stuck with [ boris 's knickers and cake ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st8i7dj9qjk&amp;ab_channel=pressassociation ), 
  true but the problem is that , at this point , we do n't have an effective government . 
  hell , if david cameron stands by his pledge to step down in october then we do n't have an effective government for three months . 
  we * can not * just leave the country in that state, 
  considering the amount of infighting and instability right now , i 'm genuinely starting to wonder whether you might see a return to the national governments of the 1930s and 40s . 
  every major party coming together to form a government and remove a great deal of the fighting to actually get something done as for the lib dems , if corbyn stays as labour leader and is specifically eurosceptic then tim farron has gained my vote, 
  at this point , it 's just damage control - we 've already done long term damage by showing we 're an unreliable centre of finance , now we just need to keep as much of the financial sector of europe in london as possible, 
  fair enough , though i would counter that , at this point , and for the next three months or so , he has no political authority whatsoever that said , boris and gove already seem to be pivoting to establishing a norway-style eea membership, 
  yeah , it 's just hopeful thinking on my part . 
  the only way it would work is if , in a snap election , they win again despite being explicitly pro-eu i think the more likely option is that we try for eea membership , so sort-of but not really leaving, 
  either way the conservatives are fucked . 
  labour are likely fucked for so long as corbyn is still kicking around as leader . 
  lib dems do n't matter , the snp are doing great oddly enough , and ukip ... well i wish they 'd just fuck off but they 're still going to be kicking around you could potentially see the pro-eu guys just circle the wagons , block leave , and hope that they have enough support left over that they could form a government in the aftermath, 
  simple , they wo n't have been the one to say it - that is , unless we start holding governments responsible for the statements of the previous government it was a non-binding referendum , meaning that there is some wriggle-room in all of this . 
  and let 's face it , neither johnson , gove , or any of the other likely candidates for the leadership of the * conservative and unionist party * want to be `` that guy '' who broke up the union, 
  all i 've seen is cameron saying that he wo n't be the one to pull the article 50 trigger , there should n't be a second referendum , and that only the uk can make that decision . 
  what 's the update on that ? 
  what i love is that each of them is passing the blame off to another . 
  this way everybody can say they did n't lie , whilst lying through their bloody teeth to do so, 
  i hope to god we do n't leave but at this point remaining would be about mitigating damage rather than preventing it . 
  we 've shaken the market up * badly * and shown that we 're pretty bloody unreliable . 
  even if we stay , i could see significant movement of finance to frankfurt/paris/wherever, 
  i mean , i 'm also hoping that this ends up with us crawling back and accepting that we are n't big enough to go it alone anymore, 
  god knows mine are n't . 
  exception being sturgeon - she seems to have her shit together, 
  alas , i know just enough french to say that i can not speak french . 
  but , it 's learn french , dutch , or german and weigh up the possibility of getting out whilst it 's still possible, 
  hey , if you 're wanting to smack talk the uk for being obstructionist i 'll be totally on your side . 
  but as someone who still has to live in the uk for the foreseeable future , i would also like to not see our economy nosedive, 
  ... are you suggesting that people moving from one area to another , in order to find employment , is slavery ? 
  i look at it this way , at the very least the uk can serve as an example that even a major economy * can not * just jump out of a major trading bloc without a parachute as for the rise of geert wilders , i 'd be lying if i said that was n't disappointing . 
  i was thinking that if , by some miracle , we end up in the eea and still have freedom of movement , i would n't mind moving to the netherlands, 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  of course i 'm not fucking pro-slavery . 
  i just recognise that it 's unrealistic for the uk to suddenly leap headfirst into manufacturing when we have n't done that in decades . 
  what the hell would we even manufacture ? 
  as of yet no-one has been able to explain this to me ... 
  ... you have got to be fucking joking right ? 
  you forgot the '' / s '' ? 
  if you actually think this , i would like to point out that , fundamentally , the uk is a service economy and a service economy that is based largely off of the finance sector . 
  you ca n't have that collapse without the entire economy caving in on itself, 
  i 've heard quite a bit about a netherlands exit , but is the idea that popular ? 
  or is it just that their farage equivalent is also a gobby twat who wo n't shut their mouth ? 
  talking to some of these guys has been just like banging your head into a wall . 
  i know a couple of people like this , and i 've had to go the whole `` just count to ten and walk away '' route, 
  you 'd be surprised at some of the utter nonsense that some leave supporters have been coming out with in the last few days . 
  we seem to have hit a crossroads between anti-bank and anti-establishment sentiment - i showed someone the figures from the financial sector , as well as their ideas of moving , and they basically said `` good riddance , we can go back to manufacturing '', 
  so you 're saying that the guys that have been campaigning for this , and have actually managed to convince the little englander idiots that this is a good idea , should not have a plan available ? 
  and should n't even be able to give even a broad outline of what the fuck they were thinking was going to happen ? 
  i 'm sorry , this is just fucking farcical . 
  should the government have had a plan ? 
  yes , should leave have had a plan ? 
  yes . 
  is the fact that * neither of them * have a plan a fucking national disgrace ? 
  *** yes ***, 
  yep , and they 're about to crash catastrophically . 
  much like this sinking ship we 're on that we 're still calling `` united '', 
  yeah , i 'm fairly sure that by the end of the week that is n't going to be true anymore, 
  oh god i hope that farage is allowed nowhere near the negotiations . 
  that would be the equivalent of curling one out on the desk on our way out, 
  i tried to explain that we can not simply have the financial sector up and leave , but i think we 've hit a weird crossroad of anti-banks sentiment from 2008 and anti-establishment feeling that had been building up over the last few years . 
  it leads to absurd situations like the one i was describing oh god no , it * really * should n't have happened . 
  we are n't used to referenda in this country , and decided to use a simple majority for a major constitutional issue for some reason as for farage , i think it 's because he has a reputation of straight-talking in brussels . 
  i think he comes across as a petulant little cunt who wo n't do his job properly , but i 'd be lying if i said i did n't think he was good at the same sort of layman speaking that trump is, 
  i 've had to block a couple of people as they essentially became like the / r/the _ donald guys but with farage instead if you came to a reasoned decision based on research , i do n't have a problem . 
  but i have seen quite a few people saying they were voting to stick it to cameron . 
  hell , one person i know , when confronted with the news that banks were considering abandoning the uk , simply said good riddance . 
  i had to do that count to ten thing in order to not start shouting at them, 
  i know what you mean about divides - i 've just straight up come to agreements with a couple of people that we are n't going to talk about it as we do n't want to suffer a massive falling out . 
  it 's going to tear the fucking country in half at this rate the problem that leave have is that they made so many outrageous claims throughout the campaign , and i presume it 's because they wanted a close result to make cameron look weak . 
  the problem now though is that they won and , as shown by the backpedalling that even farage is pulling , [ they can not possibly keep all the promises they were making ] ( https://twitter.com/profbriancox/status/737567463324286976?s=09 ), 
  i mean , it 's case that i can totally see where some people on this sub are coming from - the uk should be an example as to why this vote is fucking stupid . 
  whether that comes in punishing the uk or just allowing other countries to see the short-term turmoil before a reconciliation i do n't know but i hope that we can sort this mess out - it 's making it an embarrassment to be british , and at this point i already would n't want to be called english, 
  [ this basically sums up a lot of the leave support i 've seen ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lcsypqq.png ) . 
  we are n't an empire anymore , we 're a services based economy that looks like it might well lose its financial sector i genuinely think that boris is either going to have to bite the bullet and go crawling and say that we are n't going to leave after all , hoping that pro-eu mps circle the wagons to keep ukip out of power , or try and get a norway-style eea deal hell , he 's already said this :  ** it is said that those who voted leave were mainly driven by anxieties about immigration . 
  i do not believe that is so . 
  ** after meeting thousands of people in the course of the campaign , i can tell you that the number one issue was control -- a sense that british democracy was being undermined by the eu system , and that we should restore to the people that vital power : to kick out their rulers at elections , and to choose new ones . 
  i 'm still hoping that he effectively comes out and says `` this would be so economically ruinous for the country , i can not in good conscience do it '' . 
  be the better man boris , as god knows you 're going down anyway eea membership would n't be too bad , as at the very least it would allow people to still flee the sinking ship that is the uk at this point, 
  true enough , but actually pulling the article 50 trigger would cement that hatred, 
  speaking as part of the 48 % , i can but live in hope . 
  but there 's part of me that hopes that , if we do go that route , we get told to pack it in with all the complaining about treatment, 
  that the thing though , it would also earn a great deal of hatred from around 48 % of the population, 
  but ... but that would fucking destroy the labour party, 
  was n't that also the same poll that put the under-25 turnout at somewhere around 40 % ? 
  as someone in that age group that voted remain , it 's * infuriating *, 
  this is what i find utterly infuriating - i do n't get why people my age , who are so passionate about this , did n't bother to bloody well turn up, 
  i know that the uk has to suffer some consequences for this , but some of the comments i 've seen floating around here , not / u/bigben932 's but others , have seemingly been aimed as much against the people of the uk as it is against the political institution of the uk, 
  fair enough i suppose , just thought it might be an idea to get some basics down i 'm actually going to amsterdam in a couple of weeks for a few days with some friends , so it 'll be nice to get some first-hand experience of the country as well, 
  i know that the netherlands does have a lot of english speakers - my aunt and uncle had problems picking up dutch there as everyone seemed to just switch over to english when they realised but , i think it 's just a common courtesy to learn the language of the place where you 're living - it 's the polite thing to do and i really would n't want to make britain 's reputation worse, 
  i just think here this kind of brought the issue into the spotlight for me for the first time - i did n't think we were * this * bad, 
  * in regards to the flag , i saw [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yvgqsuo.png ) floating around on / r/vexillology earlier . 
  so , you know ... wales gets represented for once which is nice i guess * i 've seen various things about the german language . 
  some weird , by the standards of english , grammatical structures combined with some familiarity in vocab * the scottish thing could be quite interesting . 
  it 's one of the things that i was considering - moving to scotland before they get their vote then hoping i can join them in returning to the eu * i think we may have kind of fucked our reputation on the continent for a while . 
  even assuming that leave had good intentions , it does n't help that farage basically became the face of that campaign and he is reviled on the continent for obvious reasons * on that nationalism thing , i 'm with you - very worried about where this is heading .
