  i already think that a fair amount of this has a xenophobic and racist tinge , and that may well only become more prevalent i mean , there 's part of me hoping that we end up in the eea like norway and switzerland as it would be the best of a bad situation but just ... why do people around my age just not turn up to vote ? 
  i fucking hate that we were `` that guy '' - sending in morons like farage who only bothered to turn up half the time whilst also complaining about how the eu did nothing, 
  would not be surprised at all if this was the case . 
  i mean hell , you had farage conceding at one point just after the polls had closed, 
  well in fairness , i think there 's a fair amount that needs to be said . 
  i mean hell , what happens to gibraltar that voted 96 % in and would literally be isolated in the eu ? 
  or scotland , that voted entirely to remain after just voting the snp into holyrood ? 
  that needs to be sorted out as well there 's even the possibility of northern ireland having its own thing , though i 've seen a fair amount of debate on that one, 
  hell , right now i 'm honestly considering trying to find either dutch or german language classes and just jumping ship while i still can, 
  i know , it 's just ... 
  i 'm fucking heartbroken that this has happened . 
  if , in a few decades , this is not considered one of the greatest blunders in british history i 'll be very surprised, 
  i get why people say this , but just remember that 48 % of us really did not want to leave at all, 
  all aboard for the 1980s 2 : tory boogaloo, 
  could you accept liverpool as part of this too ? 
  but i did n't * want * to witness history, 
  anybody know what the signed with bumblebeeman and mr krabs says in number 12 ? 
  probably nothing major , i just ca n't think of why someone would put those two together, 
  so , what have you seen that suggests that leaving the single market and the eu without any sort of deal in place would n't be catastrophic ? 
  just wondering whether you could provide a link or something - i mean this out of curiosity , not attacking you, 
  the remain side did seem to largely be for maintaining the status quo , but you did have a few people , myself included , that believe in the concept of a european superstate . 
  but i 'll totally admit that getting the rest of the country on board with that would be ... challenging ... 
  wires to push prams ? 
  what 's that all about ? 
  damn , go poland i guess, 
  not that it should particularly matter , but how is the isle of man being treated as separate from the rest of the uk ? 
  [ seems to sum up your point , just from the other side ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr2fjoybny0&amp;ab_channel=standuptv13 ), 
  at this point , are n't the conservatives polling better than labour in scotland ? 
  errr ... may 's looking to do this . 
  was n't brexit widely pointed out to be a backlash * against * globalisation ? 
  fantastic stuff from the leader of the `` opposition '' here ... 
  in all seriousness , i seem to recall him , or someone very senior in labour , stating that leaving the single market was a `` red line '' for their support . 
  for a man who sells himself as being `` principled '' , he really does seem to want to whore himself out to whatever might be popular as much as the next politician, 
  i think british mentality is best summed up with something stephen fry once said on qi , albeit with the first part paraphrased slightly : `` we let him have his fun , but then got the cane out of the cupboard and gave him a damn good thrashing '', 
  why am i distinctly not surprised that it 's boris of all people doing this ? 
  well , shit, 
  not a clue , but that 's not what i was talking about - i meant that people literally forget northern ireland even exists most of the time given how little influence they have with the rest of the uk, 
  i would argue that we do n't pay any attention to northern ireland most of the time . 
  they generally tend to be forgotten about, 
  just out of interest , but what 's the opinion of the us regarding the uk in the second gulf war ? 
  some opposition this is ... 
  * pedicate nigellum * surely ? 
  unless it 's some poor bastard 's job to just do it themselves for eternity ... 
  yeah , probably should have checked that . 
  there really does seem to have been an enormous influx of these guys recently, 
  nah , u/ethiosa seems to specialise in just angering people and then running away . 
  i 'd suggest ignoring him , and , if possible , flagging him on res if you have it, 
  i know i 'm probably not going to make much progress here , but french guiana is literally just considered [ another part of france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_guiana ) . 
  i know the concept might sound a bit weird , but it 's not the same sort of situation you saw with british colonies - they were regularly integrated into the french system i mean , if they speak french , are part of the eu , use the euro , and consider themselves and are considered french , i do n't see how they 're not french ? 
  i 'm more interested that , micro-states aside , the only european countries we have n't invaded are sweden and belarus . 
  belarus makes sense because it 's landlocked , but i thought we would have ended up in sweden at one point or another, 
  [ and then we get the map of who we 've invaded at one point or another ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02388/britain_2388153b.jpg ), 
  trading ... [ empiring ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/the_british_empire_anachronous.png ) same thing really, 
  but we already have a plan . 
  our brexit is going to be `` red , white , and blue '' ... that 's how international relations works right ? 
  errr ... how ? 
  i mean , by all accounts putin is very popular in russia - he , by simple logic , must be doing something that is seen as a positive in the eyes of the russian people . 
  but the problem you then face is that , a lot of the time , what 's good for russia is markedly less good for the people around russia . 
  hell , considering the isolation it 's led russia to , it might not even be good for russians, 
  well , what 's something he 's done that 's good then ? 
  by all accounts , russia seems to be an increasingly militaristic , antagonistic , and economically depressed country ? 
  he is indeed an embarrassment , i 'll give you that, 
  it seems to be the case that you 'd only be able to vote within a full eu member country . 
  now , i 'm not able to predict the future , but i ca n't see nigel running as an mep in , say , germany, 
  and previously had a tory mp by a majority of 23,000, 
  i read a bit about those trade deals - i thought a lot of them just got bigged up by pro-brexit uk papers ? 
  [ wrong hemisphere ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/51/flag_of_north_korea.svg ), 
  hmmm ... 
  i think we can meet in the middle here and say it 's open to interpretation . 
  i saw it as him , and the wider tory party , playing up the fact that sadiq khan was a muslim of pakistani descent . 
  but , maybe i 'm just being over-sensitive also , i know this relates to your previous comment , but richmond park saw zac goldsmith turn a majority of 23,000 to a loss by nearly 2,000 votes . 
  i ca n't see that as being a swing towards leave, 
  look , in the london mayoral campaign zac goldsmith was either racist or willing to use racist sentiment to get ahead . 
  neither of those paint him in a positive light , and they 're just as bad as eachother, 
  okay , as someone from the uk i 'd like to call bullshit on this ? 
  that might be the case with some people , but it is not `` a lot '' of people, 
  i do n't know what u/iagovar 's reasons are , but after brexit , and to a lesser extent trump , i 've been trying to find out why people think the way they do . 
  not because i agree with the , but simply because we are so out of step politically that i thought i should at least try and find where they 're coming from i 've talked with some people who were really just a delight . 
  willing to set out why they thought the way they did , offering statistics , and engaging in debate . 
  whilst i did n't agree with them , i think we both came away richer for it i 've met some people who were sick of being asked why they do what they do and , although i might not like it , i can see why they might think that way - after everyone who 's right wing has been lumped together with trump/ukip/hofer , some hostility is expected i guess then there 's r/the _ donald and r/altright . 
  i think you can guess where they went, 
  what ? 
  richmond was a london remain constituency with a racist leave mp - why would that result in a strong swing towards leave ? 
  depends really . 
  seems unlikely that may will be able to keep her current march deadline , so that will cause delays . 
  add on the possibility of the lords delaying for a year , and you end up with negotiations taking place during , or just prior to , the election . 
  if they go poorly , that could throw a spanner in the works, 
  or just eea with a new name slapped on it . 
  and as for immigration , this is coming from a party that has promised lower immigration since it got into power in 2010 and yet has consistently seen increases ? 
  you place far more worth in the words of tories than i do ... 
  yes , it is a global financial centre as we effectively created a world financial structure that revolved around it . 
  by the time that new york was looking to replace it , we managed to get much easier access to european markets and therefore act as the gateway to europe . 
  without * either * of those advantages , we are going to run into problems, 
   eea has been ruled out . 
  we definitely will not be in the eea . 
  where ? 
  as far as i was aware , may was `` keeping her cards close to her chest '' ? 
   it is not true that the wto would cause problems for the financial services sectors . 
  instead , this is potentially a good opportunity ( if the government regulates sensibly in these areas ) . 
  we act as a useful gateway to europe in many aspects .
