  then we 're stuck on wto rules and no trade agreements and of course i do n't want this country to be poorer , hence not wanting us to leave the eu . 
  it 's not a fantastic opportunity , it 's fucking economic suicide - and for what ? 
  being able to say `` well , i 'm dirt poor now but at least we got no immigrants . 
  am i right ? 
  activating article 50 means we begin negotiations to leave the eu , not that we immediately leave the eu . 
  we can not start making independent trade deals until we have left the eu . 
  [ this has been made quite clear , or is project reality too scary for you ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36678222 ), 
  yes , which is ignoring eu law . 
  we 're bound by eu law until we leave, 
  no , i just ... 
  i think that expecting everyone to rally to one view or another is kind of insane , is expecting mps to vote against their beliefs . 
  the problem is that leaving it to mps voting by their own beliefs means ignoring one side or the other . 
  this entire thing is just a clusterfuck that could have been easily avoided, 
  i just think it 's a bit rich for someone saying that they must `` respect the democratic mandate of the people who voted him in '' to not only ignore what those people want but expect others to do the same this entire thing has come about because people feel disenfranchised in politics and you expect having your mp ignore your views to help rectify that ? 
  that 's just pissing me off . 
  he seems to be expecting every mp to rally behind brexit now , including those whose constituents elected against brexit . 
  how is that respecting the democratic will ? 
  you know , just a stand up guy in general . 
  [ that hates ireland ... ] ( https://www.cps.org.uk/files/reports/original/111220142628-thepriceofpeace2000michaelgove.pdf ), 
  fucking hell these guys need to stop putting their foot in their mouth and work with a pr team . 
  if you mean one thing in a speech and yet most people interpret it as another , it 's a pretty shitty speeech, 
  well considering that gove is one of those private health care guys ... 
  britannia waives the rules ... 
  but yeah , we seem to have this idea that we 're still [ an empire on which the sun never sets ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/the+sun+never+sets+polandball_097160_4703066.png ), 
  i 'm just fluctuating between being sad and laughing at the absurdity of all this . 
  my country 's about to implode just when farage and his fascist pals are rising in popularity, 
  it 's a fucking disgrace . 
  what 's even stupider is that both him and corbyn are claiming a mandate from the membership , and yet that same membership voted 90 % + in favour of remain . 
  i do n't get how they can reconcile those two facts, 
  2015 was a simpler time ... 
  i honestly think that , besides cameron somehow staying on , he was our best bet, 
  i 'm not entirely sure he 's even willing to exercise much leadership . 
  i 'm half convinced that all of this dragging out of article 50 is to cause so much economic mayhem they can justify not triggering it, 
  god knows we do n't have pounds of competence anymore, 
  as far as i can tell , that bridge cost roughly the same amount of money that cornwall was getting in eu subsidies every year . 
  so , you know , you get more bridges i guess, 
  i 've always understood that it 's normally put as america is the world 's texas, 
  i suspect that the pair of them will be nowhere to be seen - they 're hated in scotland, 
  oh god yeah . 
  there 's a large amount of people that feel that politics has long since abandoned them in the western world , and people like farage and trump have found a way to appeal to them . 
  i do n't know how that 's working out on the continent , but i 've been hearing a lot about geert wilders and marine le pen we 're in for a scary few years, 
  well whoever is the next prime minister is likely to go down as one of the worst in history . 
  they either take us out of europe and destroy the union , or they ignore the will of the people and likely cause people to swing to fascists like farage . 
  between a rock and a hard place really, 
  you 'll simultaneously hear about how they do n't care , and yet stubbornly refuse to let them go if they want . 
  it 's like having a psychotic girlfriend/boyfriend that hates you and yet wo n't just fuck off and do their own thing, 
  [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0gfrcfm-ay&amp;ab_channel=emimusic ), 
  pretty much . 
  history shall condemn him for the moron that he is, 
  in all fairness , you 're the only one i 've seen make the comparison . 
  but fair enough , you just did n't express yourself clearly, 
  considering how much gove , when he was in charge of education , seemed to want to emphasise british history , he strikes me as the type of guy who really gets into the rule britannia mindset, 
  what about all of this is funny to you ? 
  that is never going to fucking happen . 
  churchill , despite his other problems , managed to bring the country together in its darkest hour . 
  farage meanwhile is an odious little cunt who wo n't turn up to a job he supposedly hates yet gets handsomely paid for, 
  well our political climate seems to be all over the fucking place right now , and we 're retreating into xenophobic `` splendid isolation '' . 
  i hope we do n't get into an argument with you guys over northern ireland - they do n't need that to have all those isues broken open * again * and we could certainly use a friend in the eu right now, 
  well , considering that [ michael gove is against the good friday agreement ] ( https://www.cps.org.uk/files/reports/original/111220142628-thepriceofpeace2000michaelgove.pdf ) , i 'm sure it 'll all go swimmingly ... 
  i do n't want to punch her , but i 'd really prefer we did n't have the iron lady mk2 - electric boogaloo, 
  i do n't know , the alternatives appear to be theresa may and michael gove . 
  that 's sort of like asking which leg you want removing - the nhs leg or the privacy leg, 
  oh totally . 
  from my experience messing around with latin , i get that it 's always tempting to go for the english word that looks most similar but that does n't necessarily make it the right one, 
  ah ... now i see . 
  yeah , from what i can tell from wiktionary `` competence '' really was not the right term to use there, 
  i honestly wish nicola sturgeon was pm of the whole country at this point - jealous of the scots and how they have competent leadership . 
  i just miss 2015 , when the biggest political story in this country was ed miliband eating a sandwich weirdly, 
  i gathered as much , just seems a tad unfortunate as a choice of words, 
  it 's bloody infuriating . 
  this is the time we need a competent leader of the opposition , and it should n't even be that hard considering the circumstances , and instead we 're stuck with corbyn and his cronies . 
  he 's just had someone he assigned to the shadow cabinet on *** monday *** resign and the parliamentary snp are arguing that , as corbyn only got 40 votes in the no-confidence vote , * they * , with 56 mps , are the official opposition in the commons, 
  err ... might not want to try and knock holyrood 's competence considering the current shitshow that is westminster, 
  the problem is that the result was n't official - the parliamentary labour party do n't have the authority to kick him out . 
  the only way they 're getting rid of him is if the membership has turned on him which , given the support he got last time and the apparent support of the unions , seems unlikely, 
  it 's bloody horrifying . 
  farage and co knew who they were courting with their rhetoric , and now these morons feels emboldened by the result, 
  theesa may 's a weird one in this . 
  she was remain , but was n't very vocal about it . 
  on the other hand , she was also pushing for us to leave the echr and establish a british bill of rights which not even farage was suggesting . 
  i honestly think that even boris would be preferable to her the problem with the nationalist sentiment is that , if they 're rejected by the major parties , they have a clear channel to vent their anger into - ukip . 
  it strikes me as unlikely that ukip would become a majority , but they could become a dangerous faction in westminster . 
  they know * exactly * who they 're courting we need to do something . 
  it 's rapidly becoming clear that this can not go on for the next three months . 
  so labour and the conservatives need to sort out their leadership then , hopefully , go straight into a snap election, 
  granted , but unless they want to tank the economy into the floor then it 's what they 're going to have to do . 
  they 'll sell it under some sort of special name , and enough people will accept it that they wo n't face serious opposition outside of the die-hard oap leavers who , let 's face it , ca n't do * that much * damage, 
  what 's particularly aggravating is that we 're finally developing a generation of people that are okay with the european project , but it just so happens that that 's also the generation that did n't bother to vote in large numbers . 
  as someone from that generation , it 's absolutely infuriating and the idiots that did vote to leave are going to be properly pleased with themselves . 
  that is , until they realise that someone has to fill the jobs that eu migrants were that english people were n't, 
  the problem will be in how boris , or whoever it is that replaces cameron , is how they manage to sell this . 
  as much as boris * really * does n't want to confront this , the fact is that a lot of leave support came from anti-immigration sentiment . 
  remaining in the eea , at this point , is the best i can really hope for but it 's still a * very * dangerous game to play considering the nationalist sentiment they 've whipped up as for scotland , i honestly have no idea whether it would make much of a difference at this point . 
  the general election last year , with the snp winning 56/59 seats in scotland was already a clear demonstration that scotland is going to a different place politically than the rest of the uk . 
  this referendum only solidified that , with the snp acting as the only competent political force in the uk after last thursday i 'm not scottish , but at the very least a second independence referendum does need to take place . 
  if it 's done under the same rules as last time , with any british nationals residing in scotland at the time being offered scottish citizenship , and there was a promise of a fast-track entry into the eu , i would consider moving to scotland, 
  there 's a sadistic part of me that wants president trump to happen , just so that we are n't the country with the worst politics in the anglosphere, 
  and that man is likely to be the next prime minister of my country - how do you think i feel ?
