he called the death and i quote `` fishy '' . 
  he hangs around with really strange people . 
  i think hes a truther deep down but we will never know . 
  well i see myself as centre-right in the uk . 
  was quite happy with the recent general elections . 
  am following the opposition parties self destruction with glee . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgj1phewifq i urge people to see what corbyn said about hamas . 
  he does n't just call them his friends , he says they are forces of peace and social justice that must be removed from the terrorist list . 
  now , hamas in the 18th of april , just 2 weeks ago blew up a bus in a suicide attack in israel . 
  is that not terrorist ? 
  have you read their charter ? 
  seen their tactics ? 
  corbyn thinks this group is his friends , are n't terrorists and are dedicated to peace and social justice . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgj1phewifq i urge people to see what corbyn said . 
  he does n't just call them his friends , he says they are forces of peace and social justice that must be removed from the terrorist list . 
  now , hamas in the 18th of april , just 2 weeks ago blew up a bus in a suicide attack in israel . 
  is that not terrorist ? 
  have you read their charter ? 
  seen their tactics ? 
  corbyn thinks this group is his friends , are n't terrorists and are dedicated to peace and social justice . 
  why do you want to set up a political party that seeks to break the mold of two party politics , and then when that mold is broken refuse to enter any coalitions . 
  are you just trying to supplant them as one of the two parties who can rule alone ? 
  we had a minority government in the uk in 2010 for the first time since 1974 . 
  the smaller party accepted coalition , even with the partner of choice it did not like . 
  christ . 
  avoiding inheritance tax is n't immoral given how he did it . 
  jimmy carr used a scheme where he paid effectively 1 % tax by ` quitting his job ' , getting hired by himself offshore and giving himself loans that were tax deductible . 
  if you think that anything that cameron is guilty of is anything close to this , you are fucking wrong . 
  cameron did n't even avoid tax offshore due to how unit trusts work . 
  similarly , he may have avoided tax on inheritance tax ... but its not an aggressive form . 
  his mother gifted him money . 
  the only way to fix the loophole is to ban or tax gifts from parents to children . 
  uk is quite high . 
  is it because of ira ? 
  how many times have i heard this headline ? 
  i 'm bored of this now . 
  oh sorry guys , need to run . 
  a boy outside is crying wolf . 
  non voters probably . 
  bnp vote disappeared . 
  [ where did it go ? 
  ] ( http://s3.mirror.co.uk/mirror/ampp3d/2015/april/yougov%20survey/ukip-supporters.jpg ) 11 % of ukip vote in 2015 is akin to 90 % of the bnp vote in 2010 . 
  its very obvious what happened between 2010 and 2015 . 
  ukip ate all the racist bnp voters . 
  it just hides its own agenda better with dog whistles and imagery rather than thuggery and brown shirts . 
  still there are constant scandals about tossers in ukip . 
  you have ukip in the uk too . 
  hmm ... enda kenny maybe ? 
  if you do n't vote you do n't count . 
  stop with this meme of including the non voters in how you represent percentage of a ruling party or whatever . 
  not voting is a tacit choice that your voice will be ignored . 
  our democratic system is very clear : in 51 % of constituencies , the conservative party candidate had the highest share of the votes ... meaning that a majority could be formed . 
  asking for too much , kick out the uk now . 
  i can go through it constituency by constituency if you like . 
  though it would take 331 . 
  in 51 % of constituencies , the conservative party has the most votes . 
  our voting system is not new . 
  people know how to vote in it , the outcomes of it and the cultures of it . 
  swing seats and marginals and safe seats and so on are a factor that voters and politicians take account of . 
  the people of the country gave the most votes and the most seats to a party which campaigned on a platform of reducing the deficit and moving to a suruplus . 
  nothing was hidden , nothing was obfuscated , the only people to blame if anyone is to blame are the voters . 
  and no one has an orthodoxy on truth . 
  you 'd think socialist france would do better than the uk . 
  however in recent years with different styles of government the uk has half the unemployment of france and has even overtaken it in terms of gdp . 
  we had an election recently . 
  that was put on the table . 
  one party was offering austerity very clearly . 
  one party was offering to invest instead . 
  guess who won just 6 months ago ? 
  in 51 % of seats , the conservative party had the largest share of the vote . 
  that gives them a mandate . 
  which would france prefer , their ` superior wages , superior jobs and less hours ' and 10 % unemployment , or 5.4 % unemployment ? 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10604117 seems it does . 
  miles off then surely ... at one point in 2013 the labour party had a 15 % lead in a few polls over the conservatives . 
  in 2015 ( a few months ago ) the final result was labour 31 % , tories 37 % with the conservatives forming a small overall majority . 
  when are elections anyway ? 
  surely it does n't matter . 
  very true , though this is net . 
  david cameron on most uk polls is something like 42 + 47 - jeremy corbyn the leader of the opposition is something like 25 + and 40 -, 
  can someone explain something ? 
  everyone says that ` this is the end of 2 party politics ' but all the parties seem to not want to form a coalition with anyone . 
  how can you want to be something like podemos or cs and then not form a coalition . 
  what is your purpose ? 
  plan is to run a surplus in central government for uk by 2019 with the current government so should improve . 
  the things i 've mentioned he has said and done , both the nice and the bad . 
  i 've not made them up you know . 
  hey , he can meet up with the ira and hamas but not the cbi . 
  he thinks the centenary commemorations were a waste of money and we should n't have an army , but he also helped a disabled lady who got stuck with her mobility device . 
  he thinks we should leave nato and give up the falklands but he rides the bus and shares his sandwiches with people . 
  its not government figures in as much as they can fix it , its independant . 
  you can read the methadology here . 
  students do n't count as unemployed , neither do ill people . 
  well you seemed to imply that his angle was more coming as a former foreign secretary , and this is true . 
  he has immense skill and knowledge of foreign affairs and so on ... but he 's also got the angle of wanting the uk to leave the eu , so both should be examined . 
  what i 'm suggesting is that hes a very eurosceptic person evidenced by his 2001 general election campaign , so his musings on the eu and the migrant crisis are not borne from a clear mind and reasoned analysis . 
  he wants the uk to leave the eu and he will use the migrant crisis as a way of doing it . 
  well he was also a leader of the opposition and ran a very anti eu campaign ... some might say he has an angle . 
  some people have suggested that if the uk leaves the eu , they will create a chain reaction among other countries . 
  does anyone think that might be true of other eurosceptic countries ? 
  certainly losing a rich contributor and influential country would harm the eu if nothing else .
