  well i did a bit of tiny reading on it and they were in power for a few years and had serious clout for a bit till 2005 but a scandal called rywin-gate really damaged the legitimacy of the leftwing government . 
  and then as you know , even in plural democracies you have a main governing party and an opposition ... the leftwing party became no longer seen as a party of opposition or government , instead two competing right wing parties . 
  its not so much that a large part of people stopped totally having leftwing views , its that they stopped using them as a vehicle for opposition/government . 
  now they vote for those other two parties when they want to get rid of one . 
  so if they wan na get rid of the current government , and you are a reasonable normal kinda guy you 'd not vote for a left wing party , you 'd vote for the other right wing party . 
  it does come on the back of large spending cuts and 500,000 losses in the public sector so clearly . 
  hmm surprising really . 
  uk pensions are pretty decent though maybe they mean costs . 
  basically the current government is all about the old people ( cuz they vote ) so they have a triple lock on pensions . 
  inflation , wage growth and 2.5 % whichever of those 3 is highest , pensions goes up by every year . 
  currently since inflation is at -0.1 % and wage growth is at 3.0 % pensions are growing at 3 % which is fucking decent . 
  i was being flippant . 
  he was suggesting that the uk 's employment growth was made up of entirely precarious employment ( self employed etc ) . 
  its been around 75 % made up of full time jobs but still ... do n't let that get in the way of a good story . 
  and people walking in the street have n't been hit by a meteor yet . 
  58 % of people in the workforce are happy with their worklife balance . 
  65 % are happy in zero-hour contracts . 
  i mean ... what the fuck do you want ? 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-25098984 seriously ... most people on zero hours contracts are happy . 
  get over yourself . 
  you realize taht most people according to a labour force survey enjoy working under the flexibility of ` precarious work ' . 
  i mean , if france is doing so well and its only creating amazing jobs , why is its economy not growing as well ? 
  maybe its the wrong type of growth you 'll tell me . 
  and you talk about employment protection sure ... but france has the worst coddled population with the most strike days lost by far of any european nation . 
  can i see the figures that show that france has no self employed people or people on flexible contracts ? 
  and can you tell me why these people prefer being unemployed ? 
  http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/files/2015/01/screen-shot-2015-01-23-at-20.56.24-581x413.png most jobs have been full time . 
  get rekt france, 
  atlantic master race . 
  more like a pros and cons list . 
  if you read it , its a terrible argument for remaining and is like 49.9 % for leave . 
  lots of stuff like environmental and employment rights that are just sensible really . 
  if stuff offends , remove it . 
  not really pratical . 
  requires a unified foreign policy which is mostly happening naturally but there are obvious diversions . 
  remember the iraq war ? 
  france was all against it . 
  uk was all for it . 
  how would a unified army work ? 
  french soldiers against their will ? 
  french soldiers abstain ? 
  then its not really a european army . 
  this was n't front page and it was from 2013 . 
  its not the problem or the solution really . 
  gloating that your domestic health sector is so reliant on migrants is bad . 
  why is this a good thing ? 
  it just exposes problems for the uk . 
  in germany , the health sector is manned by eu or non eu people at a level of 5 % or so , with shortages mainly in the care sector and some nurse areas . 
  in the uk its 15 % or so . 
  europe contributes sure , but this exposes a problem more than anything . 
  we need to train more nurses . 
  government recently removed cap on nurse training places which should help hopefully . 
  from what i 've seen , hofer needs to win 42 % of the postal vote . 
  how likely is that ? 
  well in the uk 6 months is the number . 
  you telling me that at 6 months is just a bunch of cells and nothing else ? 
  when do you think it begins ? 
  i 'm not religious but i find the abortion debate really strange . 
  when do we begin protecting children ? 
  is it at conception ? 
  is it at 6 months of development ? 
  is it when the child can survive outside ? 
  it seems very hard to call these things . . 
  i do n't think any one of these answers is particularly right . 
  if you were to ask me , it should logically be all or nothing since 6 months is just a number , it is not guaranteed that every child below that will die and as soon as they cross that they live . 
  you also can not judge the development of each baby and how likely they are to live , so a personalized one does n't make sense either . 
  i 'm honestly really baffled at how to fix this issue . 
  the logical outcome is that all abortions except those endangering the mother are banned yet not many people will be happy with that . 
  i liked it to be honest . 
  good tune and good story . 
  do n't like its deception honestly . 
  eu has many obvious flaws like the currency and the borders , but these flaws are choices . 
  a hundred trade deals around the world and most of them do n't eliminate any borders and make it a crime to put them up . 
  yet the eu makes this a cornerstone of their policy , not because its needed to trade , but because they want a single european federal nation . 
  the eu does n't need a currency , it does n't need a flag , does n't need an anthem or a bogus parliament . 
  a european union can exist to foster cooperation and trade without any of these things . 
  they are political choices made in pursuit of a united states of europe . 
  i wish they were more upfront about it . 
  the eu right now is calling for a united defense force . 
  how on earth would this work ? 
  it would mean that the eu 27 have a common foreign policy . 
  example : uk in 2003 wants to rush off to iraq war . 
  france is a strong opponent , refuses . 
  what happens to your eu army ? 
  french troops forced to fight in a war their government does n't believe in ? 
  only thing missing from the eu is a treasury . 
  even without it , it has powers to create and levy some taxes . 
  uk did n't have vat til the eu made it a condition of being a member . 
  forget all the small crap about this and that , this is my real problem with the eu . 
  its overarching goal , that it is getting closer and closer to getting . 
  i do n't want a united states of europe . 
  i think nation states work better when they have their own powers . 
  does n't really matter in the short term . 
  polling has been remarkably stable before and after the brexit vote . 
  scottish voters do n't want another referendum , and they 'd probably vote to remain in the uk again . 
  however , it would be a huge source of uncertainty and division if it were held , especially during brexit so may will block it for now . 
  this ends up suiting both . 
  sturgeon was pressured into calling this referendum from her party , even though she had said she would only call it when there was public appetite for it , clearly there is n't . 
  and she would charge up her grievance machine in the meantime . 
  for may , this could also be an opportunity to make sure there is n't a second scottish independence referendum for a very long time .
