  the majority of them want to go to germany , sweden and the netherlands . 
  is that fair ? 
  probably not . 
  look i 'm not against a lot of the things that are being suggested . 
  i do agree that current system needs a lot of improvement . 
  for example the fact that if someone gets their request for asylum rejected they can simply travel to another eu country and try it there . 
  that 's stupid . 
  we need a universal system that registers all migrants and their status , preferably using fingerprints . 
  right now if one of these migrants comes to the netherlands and requests asylum , but they have already done so in germany before , this is what happens : first it takes months to verify where the person is from and what their actual name is . 
  they often lie and throw their own passport away or simply hide it . 
  after this process when they are found out and rejected again , the next step is for the netherlands to transport this person back to germany . 
  it makes no sense . 
  i also believe we could do a lot more in the war region to make lives better so they do n't have as much of an urge to come here . 
  the truth is that it does n't work for everyone . 
  if you are raising your family and have young kids you want them to be educated and live a safe life . 
  the conditions in refugee camps in the middle east are really bad . 
  there are kids who have n't been to school in 3-5 years . 
  that 's a huge portion of their life taken away . 
  we have to do our part and take in a number of those refugees and give them a good chance at building up a life here . 
  yes it saddens me that people believe human rights apparently do n't have to be applied to those born in the wrong location with a slightly different skin colour . 
  but it 's not racism , because helping those less fortuned will bring our crime rates up a little bit . 
  ( who would 've thought poverty and poor education go hand in hand with crime -- no it must be their ** culture ** ! ), 
  whatever everyone else is saying . . 
  i love me some road improvements . 
  looking good romania . 
  so i suppose we will see a lot of members of this chp get arrested soon then ? 
  edit :  we 've also had enough with lies on constitutional changes ... you ( ruling party akp ) have become incapable of running the country . 
  you cause the crisis and chaos to deepen more each day ... you 'll be brought before justice one day ... resign , resign , resign ! '' some bold statements to make ... 
  i wonder what his opinion would be like now . 
  islam is all but united and has n't done much to stop the united states and russia from starting wars in the middle east . . 
  the only thing they seem to agree on is their hate towards israel . 
  triggered . 
  just normal id should be enough because you can also use that to travel by plane within the eu . 
  i agree it 's not a solution to any of the problems though . 
  haha but if we do that the brits will complain !, 
  they never want to be part of the continent . 
  i 'm surprised to see that apparently people in the netherlands have no friends in other european countries . 
  not only that but we are alone in it too . 
  meanwhile i have more friends abroad than in my own country . . 
  turns out every direction is a dead end for me . 
  source ? 
  i do love my blue eyes, 
  does this mean we can make vlaanderen part of the netherlands again ? 
  i have n't seen jongens myself yet to be honest with you , i just noticed it was pretty well reviewed . 
  i really enjoyed noordzee , texas as well . 
  i was actually trying to remember that movie title . 
  in general i think european lgbt movies are really good . 
  there 's something quite unique about the european movie scene which makes it stand out from all the big budget stuff coming from hollywood . 
   netherland : new kids turbo and nitro ( stupid but fun as hell ) i 'm surprised you 'd find that funny because half the fun is in their accent ( a dialect from noord-brabant ) and some of the really stupid things they say in that dialect . 
  i live about about 15 km away from where it was filmed btw , haha . 
  til human centipede is dutch, 
  some dutch movies : [ oorlogswinter ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0795441/ ) a ww2 movie , not so much about fighting in the war but rather life during it . 
  [ jongens ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3318220/ ) lgbt themed coming of age movie . 
  [ de poolse bruid ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0142772/ ) drama . 
  i think it gives a pretty good insight into the down to earth dutch culture , especially out of the city . 
  this is a really good one !, 
  [ it does n't ? 
  ] ( http://databank.worldbank.org/data/download/gni.pdf ), 
  uk 0.71 % of gni uae 1.09 % of gni as i said in my post . . 
  that `` main market square '' in poland is in warsaw ? 
  also are these based on visitor ratings on the website ? 
  oh jesus told him !, 
  let him go guys , he 's just doing god 's work . 
  scroll down a little bit , uae spends more than uk too, 
  [ 7th ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_development_aid_country_donors#net_official_development_assistance_by_country_as_a_percentage_of_gross_national_income_in_2015 ) largest as % of gni that also bumps down the usa by a lot, 
  i do n't think we did a full on genocide in indonesia but we have definitely committed war crimes there . 
  we also made plenty of money buying slaves in africa and selling them in the americas . 
  i 'll admit i only skimmed the article as it was very boring . 
  i was looking for the point it was trying to make in relation to the headline . 
  i did n't really find an answer to that . 
  only thing i got out of it was the conclusion  turkey might be a crazy place '' , ece temelkuran writes , `` but it looks today as though most of the world is headed in more or less the same direction . '' seems a bit of a stretch to me . 
  i 'm not sure why we 're seeing so many articles lately predicting some kind of doom and terrible times ahead . 
  i 'll admit i 'm worried about some of the political figures that are gaining popularity lately but we 're still living in democratic countries . 
  failing governments do n't last in the eu . 
  eventually the people get tired and protest . 
  none of our countries would accept someone like erdogan going full dictator on us . 
   in a poor and violent suburb of rio 's metropolitan area you 'd expect people with some knowledge of the world to know not to go there . 
  you pull a gun on him and shout `` murica ! '', 
  anyone without their head up their own ass can see that the west benefits from people from the more eastern countries coming here to work . 
  the seasonal workers are the backbone of our agriculture , the drivers strongly support our transport businesses and well educated doctors/other professionals are welcome anywhere . 
  the only people that do n't see that are low educated far right wing people that blame their own unemployment ( or their friend 's unemployment for all i care ) on foreigners . 
  i wonder if they do that pledge of allegiance thing in those schools too, 
   butt i see what you did there, 
  it looks like a stunt ramp, 
  i do n't like them and never really did . 
  cartoons are a good way to poke fun at politicians , the elite , controversial issues and lots of other things . 
  often they help show a different angle or shine light on the ridiculousness of a situation . 
  charlie hebdo does none of that , they just provoke to provoke . 
  their `` humor '' is not funny and serves no purpose . 
  eh , most of this will be impossible to enforce . 
  most likely they will only target companies/websites that are breaking copyright laws at grand scale for profit . 
  i do n't think us , every day internet users , will really be affected by this stuff . 
  what a bunch of fearmongering rubbish . 
  according to this guy we 're all doomed because murica wo n't be there to save our democracies when our relations with russia improve . 
   democracy is now in crisis . 
  even the us , the world 's leading democracy , elected a con artist and would-be dictator as its president . 
  crisis ? 
  really ? 
  afaik democracy still works best to elect a government that caters as best as possible to what the people want . 
  i 'm not a trump fan by any means but he was fairly elected ( for american standards anyways , their system is a bit weird though )  his cabinet comprises incompetent extremists and retired generals how would you know they are incompetent if his government is n't even active yet ?
