  in the netherlands the only party that wants out of eu is far right . 
  however , the most left party is against euro , they do n't want any more power to go to the eu and generally disagree with quite a few things the eu does . 
  the most pro eu party is a social liberal party ( they are considered centre right or just centre ) . 
  also the issues of homosexuality and abortion are n't really related to right or left politics either . 
  the only parties opposing freedoms regarding those topics are conservative religious parties . 
  sure , they usually happen to be right wing but they certainly do n't define right wing ideology . 
  hardly , but there are some pvv supporters and they can contribute to discussions and explain their reasoning without being downvoted to oblivion though . 
  as long as they are constructive . 
  / r/thenetherlands has a relatively balanced subscriber base . 
  i think the majority is either center left or center right there . 
  i really admire angela merkel . 
  [ ancilla van de leest ] ( http://img13.deviantart.net/3868/i/2012/311/7/7/adi_lounge_by_ancillatilia-d5kcfpu.jpg ), 
  this thread needs more [ putin ] ( http://esq.h-cdn.co/assets/15/41/480x682/gettyimages-78565548.jpg ) also ` putin topless ' is in my search history now . . oh god . 
  any old pictures of him ? 
  i agree !, 
  i would be surprised if there 's a single person from my country that does this sport . 
  i did watch it a few times during the last winter olympics though , it 's somewhat fascinating . 
  i hear yemen is pretty safe too , they have lots of freedom there !, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l34hggmoysw ), 
  you always have to draw a line somewhere at the expense of safety . 
  take privacy for example : if we had cameras everywhere with people constantly monitoring them it would be much easier to catch criminals . 
  if we had everyone 's fingerprints registered or 10 times more police officers we 'd also be more safe . 
  generally police stops someone because something does n't seem right . 
  if a guy with dark skin has a brand new scooter or expensive car he might have stolen it , because they are usually poor . 
  or when a guy with darker skin is walking around in a neighbourhood where 99 % of the people are white , he might be looking for a house to steal from . 
  usually when groups of teens are hanging out somewhere the police might go have a look to make sure they are n't bothering anyone . 
  you are right he might not always be stopped because of his colour though , because often suspects of a crime are of colour so when the police is searching for this person it makes sense for them to stop someone that matches the description . 
  i also have no experience with the police because i do n't live in a city . 
  sometimes i do n't even see a police car for months haha . 
  i 'm just telling you stories i have read in the media and what the police have commented about the topic . 
  i agree criminal behaviour deserves punishment . 
  but i also think we can work on prevention at the same time and try to understand the causes . 
  anyone can be turned into a murderer or criminal under the right ( or i should say wrong ) circumstances . 
  you may have read or seen something about child soldiers . 
  an extreme example of course but those kids are manipulated and forced to become horrible human beings . 
  another example , kids that have been ( sexually ) abused are much more likely to do the same to their own kids . 
  the bottomline is : no one starts off as a horrible human being other than a few people with mental defects . 
  in the modern world we value equality and equal opportunity . 
  on paper people with a migration background get the same chances as everyone else . 
  in reality they just do n't . 
  that 's something we have to keep working on . 
  what the heck is this bot lol . . 
  it 's a tough discussion . 
  we all want the police to catch as many criminals as possible . 
  but i personally believe the cons outweigh the pros here . 
  imagine you 're a brown skinned dude and you have a white friend . 
  you 're hard working , never break any laws and always act nice to people . 
  your friend is a bit shady , he does some drug dealing but nothing too big . 
  over the course of 2-3 years you get stopped by the police while driving , walking or doing whatever at least 20-30 times . 
  your white friend does n't get stopped a single time . 
  sure , the police do n't treat you badly but they always ask you questions , what are you doing , where did you come from , show your id etc. 
  at first it 's not a bother but it really starts to feel unfair . 
  you start to feel like a 2nd class citizen . 
  this is literally what happens . 
  for a succesful person with a job , family and all of his shit together it probably wo n't change his life too much . 
  but for a teenager growing up in a bad neighbourhood going to a school where lots of guys are just like him , he might start to feel like an outcast in society . 
  his parents probably do n't have any native dutch friends . 
  they live in a small apartment where the teenager has no personal space . 
  the teen basically flees outside during most of the day . 
  he hangs out with his buddies who are all experiencing the same . 
  then there 's probably one of them that suggests they steal something or that knows a guy that can help them make money . 
  it just goes down from there and a new criminal is created . 
  i 'm not excusing criminal behaviour . 
  all i 'm saying is , there are lots of factors that makes them the way they are and i do n't think it 's a ` cultural ' thing . 
  stopping racial profiling is n't going to magically change that but it 's a start . 
  [ racial profiling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racial_profiling ) by the police is common here . 
  it is statistically more likely for a person of colour ( especially light brown ) to be involved in criminal activities . 
  the police obviously want to achieve a high succesrate while patrolling . 
  it 's been on the news here plenty of times , the police have also admitted doing it . 
  people with foreign names are much less likely to get hired than people with native names that have equal qualifications . 
  it can be seen in unemployment numbers . 
  most employers wo n't admit it obviously but it 's definitely true . 
  for instance , my mum used to hire people for a supermarket . 
  she got a lot of local youth applicants with a migration background ( usually 2nd or 3rd generation ) so obviously she ended up hiring those frequently if they made a good impression . 
  after a while her direct supervisor told her to stop hiring those kind of people because customers would not appreciate it . 
  disregard everything the dutch and belgian commenters have already said here . 
  the dialect people in twente speak is by far the funniest . 
  after having watched that video [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clurenjoemo ) turned up in my recommendations which is also relevant !, 
  you got philippines in indonesia and zimbabwe in zambia but the rest seems about right . 
  kinda triggered that you did n't put the netherlands on the map though . 
  also the map you used is horribly outdated cause it does n't have south sudan borders outlined on it !, 
  edit : also did n't put belgium on the map but i can forgive you for that since it actually does n't exist . 
  please [ practise here :d ] ( https://www.sporcle.com/games/g/world ), 
  in amsterdam pay attention to where you are walking . 
  a lot of roads have cycle paths and it 's not appreciated when tourists walk on them . 
  expect to be overwhelmed by the amount of cyclists and general crowdedness there . 
  beware of pickpockets . 
  they know you are a tourist and have very sneaky ways of stealing from you . 
  [ also ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ok3nqvs08y ), 
  could use more bitterballen . 
  did you just seriously call wilders pro muslim ? 
  that 's so ignorant it 's offensive . 
  he does nothing but bash islam and muslims all day long . 
  his party programme literally has `` remove all mosques '' and `` ban qurans '' as one of like 8 goals ... 
  eh i ca n't speak for the rest of europe but we already had wilders doing that for the past 10-15 years . 
  media are also pretty good at sensationalising everything related to muslim extremism . 
  i do n't remember reading or hearing about any threats from russia to my country . 
  i do n't think russia cares that much about us but we have a pretty terrible relationship . 
  does n't help that they are seen to be responsible for shooting down mh17 full of dutch citizens . 
  that will probably not be forgotten any time soon .
