  i 've never understood how the british house of commons can function . 
  it 's so uncomfortably cramped whenever i see it on tv . 
  if i were a politician i 'd want to run out of there screaming after 5 minutes . 
  these people have no space to move or do anything . 
  how can they read something without being distracted ? 
  and on top of that it 's never quiet , even when someone is having a speech there are always people talking or making other noises . 
  it always seems so disrespectful to me . 
  and there 's that stupid `` hear hear '' whenever they agree with something being said . 
  i guess i just do n't get the whole political culture in the uk . 
  edit : fixed a few spelling mistakes, 
  okay whatever dude , if that 's what you wan na get upset about be my guest . 
  it 's spelled shameful btw . 
   that you think denying equal rights is a `` different definition of equality '' and is something to be praised . 
  where did you get that idea from ? 
  i 've said multiple times that i do n't agree with her point of view . 
  it is very clear that i dont think it is equality . 
  when did i praise it ? 
  i only said i respected merkel for sticking to her original opinion which many of her voters share . 
  in modern germany ? 
  not really . 
  at least it was n't the reason they could n't get married . 
  for most conservatives the reason is because they believe in a traditional marriage between men and women and some christians still see homosexuality as a sin . 
  it 's not because they hate gays so much ( although too many people still do ) . 
  anyways , i would like to marry someone of my own sex myself one day so obviously i support same sex marriage . 
  i think you should open your mind a bit more to the opposite points of view though and try to understand why they are that way . 
  it is n't all black and white . 
  but the discrimination in south africa went far beyond that , black people were essentially seen as inferior human beings . 
  again , what is the point of this conversation ? 
  when the types of discrimination are completely different and hardly comparable , no . 
  anyways i clearly was n't defending merkel 's point of view , so what are you trying to achieve in this conversation ? 
  which has absolutely nothing to do with this topic . 
  that guy always posts weird comments lol, 
  the thing is once a post reaches / r/all , 99 % of the upvotes come from / r/all users , not from subscribers . 
  many posts that are popular in this sub do n't gain that much traction on / r/all so they can never become top post of all time . 
  the only thing we can conclude from that top post is that trump `` bashing '' is popular on reddit in general ( the handshake thing is more of a meme than bashing , but ok ) . 
  if by liberals you are refering to merkel , she is not a liberal in the american sense of the word . 
  she 's pretty conservative for west european standards actually . 
  her party is cdu , christian democrats . 
  they generally are on the centre right wing of the political spectrum . 
  although merkel tends to follow the popular public opinion when it 's convenient , for example when she closed all nuclear power plants . 
  in this case she stuck to her traditional christian values and decided to vote against marriage equality . 
  that does n't automatically make her a homophobe . 
  i believe she 's perfectly comfortable around lgbt people and does n't want them to be discriminated against . 
  she just has a different view when it comes to marriage . 
  as someone from the lgbt community myself i respect that . 
  i disagree with it and i will fight for my rights but i still respect someone with a different opinion on these issues as long as they also respect me the same way . 
  glorious leader is a title usually reserved for our friend in north korea , not angela merkel . 
  also i think merkel has a different definition of equality for homosexuals than we do . 
  i do n't agree with her vision but i respect her for sticking to it despite the popular opinion being the opposite one . 
  lol you clearly do n't know the definition of socialist ... she 's not even a left wing politician . 
  you do n't want to follow our example when it comes to our drug policy . 
  we 're stuck with a flawed semi regulated system where the coffee shops have to technically break the law to get their products because growing weed is illegal ( 2-3 plants for personal use is allowed ) . 
  so not only are we missing out on a good source of tax income , the production also does n't have the quality and safety standards that you 'd want to have . 
  criminals are growing weed in abandoned houses , farms , sheds and what not . 
  often creating a fire hazard and stealing their power supply off the grid . 
  meanwhile the government does n't have the guts to change anything because a majority of the country would like to see it completely legalised but there 's no majority to get that done in the parlement . 
  the main problem is our biggest party vvd that basically have n't decided what they want yet ( after fucking decades ) . 
  they are scared to upset the conservatives that want to ban weed so they just do nothing instead . 
  did n't you read the comment you are replying to ? 
   there are ways of expressing opinions without attacking other people for the way they live their lives you are n't being restricted in expressing your opinion , just in the way you go about doing it . 
  which is perfectly normal if you want to take part in a serious discussion . 
  because one could expect a country like germany to be equally progressive as the netherlands . 
  anyways , i 'm not complaining . 
  15 years late is better than never !!, 
  germany can into fabulousness . 
  fairy dust for all , 
  i come to these threads just for the balkan banter . 
  it never disappoints . 
  nah there are a lot of people that feel strongly about that here too . 
  they got distracted by the refugee crisis though . 
  they are jealous of how fabulous spain is . 
  yes it 's an old joke , especially with the old euro coins which show the eu countries on a map . 
  because norway is n't shown on them the outline of finland and sweden looks stupidly much like a penis . 
  i guess the mods thought it was a funny idea . 
  world pride is this week in madrid . 
  it 's a large event . 
  the subreddit gets themed for other stuff too . 
  there are a couple hundred dutch jihadists doing all sorts of retarded shit in syria though . 
  poland 's rainbowball is upside down , does that mean they are a bottom ? 
  i live in the part of the netherlands where we currently have code red due to the drought and fire danger . 
  the grass in my backyard looks pretty brown and other plants also look sad . 
  it is expected to reach 34c here today . 
  this [ image ] ( https://nos.nl/data/image/2017/06/21/397867/xxl.jpg ) was on the news yesterday . 
  lakes and creeks have [ very little water ] ( https://nos.nl/data/image/2017/06/21/397865/xxl.jpg ) . 
  why ? 
  there are more records of temperatures other than just the highest temperature of all time . 
  for example record of average temperature in the month june , records on specific days , records of the amount of days in a year with temperatures reaching above 30 degrees and so on . 
  and he 's not wrong , such records are being broken every year now at a greater rate than ever before . 
  we have a very intricate system of floodgates and dams that allows us to manage the water in case it becomes too high . 
  for the north sea there are the [ delta works ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delta_works ) , mostly located in zeeland . 
  it includes several storm surge barriers which can be closed when a storm is expected to hit the coast . 
  they usually take several hours to close . 
  the biggest risk really is our major rivers . 
  they have a very inconsistent water flow and if there is a lot of melting water from the mountains in them combined with a high amount of rainfall it becomes too much for some areas to handle . 
  for this reason we have plenty of designated flood areas ( mostly farmland where there are normally cows ) . 
  basically the surplus of water gets pumped into those flood areas until the water level goes down again . 
  in fact the last major floods we had were in 1995 when about 250000 people had to be evacuated . 
  the rivers meuse , rhine and waal all had too much water and surrounding areas flooded . 
  this happened in areas on the map which are n't below sealevel at all . 
  mostly close to 's - hertogenbosch .
