  i might joke about being upset if someone thinks i 'm german though . 
  maybe fairy tale is n't the best word for this but rather it 's folklore . 
  i like the story about the [ buckriders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buckriders ) ( bokkenrijders in dutch ) . 
  they were gangs of thieves that operated in the south of the netherlands ( limburg ) and parts of belgium and germany in the 1700s . 
  they were at the time believed to ride on goats , flying through the air at night . 
  they made a deal with satan to grant them these powers . 
  to join the buckriders you had to take an oath to promise you no longer believed in god and were a servant of the devil . 
  of course at the time churches were pretty good at gathering all sorts of gold and silver artefacts so they were a good target . 
  however to steal from a church is seen as a great , deeply evil thing to do and unforgivable . 
  so as they were plundering the church they noticed a silver statue of mary . 
  one of the buckriders decided to take it at which point an image of mary herself appeared in the air . 
  it told him not to take it or he would be forever cursed until he paid for all of his crimes . 
  he was not afraid so he ignored the voice and took the statue anyways . 
  this of course cursed him and not long after as they were celebrating their great night of plunder , the buckriders hideout collapsed . 
  all of them died apart from the one buckrider that stole the statue of mary . 
  he could n't find peace before he made up for his sins . 
  he was trapped in the collapsed cave for many years until someone found him . 
  this finally allowed him to return the statue and turn himself in , to spend the rest of his life in prison . 
  belgium is pretty well known for their style fries ( which are generally quite thick and big ) . 
  personally i think the fries in the netherlands are quite delicious too but you have to go to the right place . 
  i only know that it 's the poorest country of europe . 
  one of my friends went there a few months ago . 
  she told me it looked kind of ugly and depressing ( soviet style concrete flats and stuff ) . 
  not much interesting to see afaik . 
  maybe nepal ? 
  landlocked , huge mountains everywhere , pretty poor , almost no christians/atheists, 
  uk would be by far easiest to get into as an australian . 
  they have a very close relationship with australia already and there is no language barrier . 
  i think netherlands , sweden , denmark and norway are your next best options because mostly everyone there is very good at speaking and understanding english . 
  they also have strong economies so you 'd be able to find a job more easily there . 
  as for work oppurtunities , it really depends on the industry and your education . 
  well educated professionals are welcome almost anywhere but if you ca n't find a job in your profession in australia you 'll probably encounter the same problem in europe . 
  do you guys also have a term to describe people that are clearly from west/north europe ? 
  not in my country . 
  sure we 've had to spend some more on housing refugees and providing for them but the government just moved some funds around to cover it . 
  the government also managed to collect more tax than anticipated due to the economy doing pretty well so that helps . 
  edit : to add some stats . 
  in 2015 a total of 43,093 people claimed asylum in the netherlands . 
  a little over 18,500 of those are from syria and are pretty much guaranteed to be accepted . 
  most other claims will probably be rejected ( north africans , albanians etc ) in 2016 up to october the number is around 15,100 . 
  there are also about 7000 people claiming asylum to reunite with family members . 
  all in all on a population of 17m this really does n't have much of an impact . 
  of course the media and right wing politicians blows everything ** way ** out of proportion though . 
  [ the best europe has to offer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gah9nrgnhuu ), 
  you have to get into eurovision drinking games then :p, 
  we 're not as good as americans at shitposting though / s, 
  i never travel by rail myself and i do n't know anything about cheap passes . 
  sometimes i watch videos on [ this youtube channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/woltersworld ) though . 
  it 's hosted by an american that has been traveling in europe for like over 20 years . 
  his videos are pretty interesting in my opinion , if you want to learn some things about things to do/not do in those countries . 
  i think he also has some videos about rail travel . 
  not sure if they include information about rail passes but you might find some in the comment section too . 
  i 've heard that name used for brugge more frequently than others though . 
  we use the use the first part of the phone number id for each area as a nickname too sometimes . 
  username checks out, 
  a pissing contest , 
  i think it 's a pointless provocation . 
  obama is leaving office in a few weeks so he really should n't be doing much of foreign policy at this point . 
  especially considering the fact trump seems to want to improve relations with russia . 
  it 's just the same old republicans work against democrats and the other way around . 
  in general i 'm not opposed to improving relations with russia . 
  there will always be incidents ( like when russia decided to shoot a dutch plane out of the sky on accident ) but there 's not going to be any positives from these kind of reactions to that . 
  if anything it will make putin 's position in russia stronger . 
  if we really want to decrease russia 's power we have to treat them better and show them why our western values work so well . 
  eventually enough russians will understand and they will force their politicians to change ( hopefully ) . 
  in the meantime we can work on being independent from russia by decreasing our use of gas and other natural resources that russia has a lot of . 
  sigh . . 
  it 's not the same . 
  gay marriage is about equal rights , if christianity became state religion that would be the opposite . 
  it would mean other religions ( and non religions ) are considered * less important * than christianity . 
  i do n't understand . 
  you say that you do n't hate anyone ? 
  yet you choose to limit other people 's rights based on your own beliefs ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  let me tell you something : if a god exists , he will judge those gays commiting sins when they die . 
  that 's not your job . 
  they are not hurting anyone with their love . 
  they are not hurting anyone by getting married . 
  christians on the other hand ( not all but too many ) do hurt a lot of people by forcing their views onto their children from the day they are born , by negatively judging their fellow humans for feeling completely natural things and wanting to show their love . 
  no this is not propaganda . 
  no one is forcing you to abandon your religion . 
  no one is saying that lgbt people are better than you , that their way of life is the only way . 
  no one is trying to convert you to marry someone of your own gender . 
  i do n't care what you believe . 
  i only care about whether people have equal rights ( you know , one of the core values of the eu , something poland should 've considered when joining ), 
  you probably wo n't be getting that many replies here , since r/europe is basically an [ atheist circlejerk ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5kx5k9/europeans_whats_your_opinion_on_religion/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link ) ;p, 
  while i agree with most of what you are saying , i ca n't help but wonder : if poland had a referendum to decide whether gay marriage should be legal , what would you vote ? 
  [ lordi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gah9nrgnhuu ) [ the polish milk maids or whatever lol those were hilarious ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=symhjmmgeic ), 
  i think they are pretty nice , wish we could wear shorts all year round honestly . 
  let me just add 50plus to that list ( a populistic centre party that caters to pensioners interests ) . 
  i think they will play a role of some significance in the next elections . 
  also to answer one of op 's questions : currently the dutch government has a coalition of vvd and pvda , which have 41 and 38 seats in the parlement respectively ( out of 150 ) . 
  this translates to 26.6 % and 24.8 % of the votes . 
  we have had coalitions of 3 political parties in the past and even a coalition without an actual majority ( they were ` tolerated ' by a party outside of the coalition to form a theoritical majority ) , that did n't work very well though . 
  it has some positives ; helps people with grief and accepting death , gives people a reason to live a `` good '' life and brings people together . 
  however the negatives ... 
  many have been named already in this thread so i wo n't go into them but they scare me . 
  a lot . 
  it also scares me that religion is growing ( christianity in china , islam in a lot of other places ) . 
  i believe it holds us back as a society overall and creates huge barriers .
