  wages are quite different . 
  is that the him singer ? 
  the woman is really beautiful btw . 
  i can get behind this . 
  has to be strawberry . 
  we grow quite a lot of those in my country . 
  we might actually do something to fight climate change ... 
  not all of them , i 'm not sure how many honestly but it is not uncommon . 
  circumcisions are n't the same for everyone because not always the same amount of foreskin gets removed . 
  some circumcised men can still use their remaining foreskin to masturbate . 
  others are just not too sensitive and do n't mind the friction that they have without foreskin . 
  all penises are unique so there are many ways in which people masturbate . 
  from what i understand it is usually possible to restore your foreskin by yourself if circumcised as a baby . 
  i think there is even a subreddit dedicated to it . 
  i really do n't know the details though :d, 
  i 'm inclined to say that uncircumcised penises are more attractive to me but that may just be because they feel more familiar due to my own penis . 
  i ca n't really judge them besides looks but i kinda like foreskin , it makes them less intimidating and it 's kind of a fascinating feature of the male body . 
  i suppose it makes masturbation a little bit easier too because quite a few circumcised men have to use lube for that . 
  in the end i really doubt it 'd influence how much i 'm attracted to another man though , nor make any difference on sex life . 
  what was it in the netherlands that made you think about it ? 
  any noticable differences ? 
  talking about emotions and deep stuff with other guys is something i really ca n't see myself doing in person . 
  i 'm not ashamed to cry nowadays though but i did n't want to do it when i was in my teens . 
  i also find it really difficult to show affection but that probably has more to do with my aspergers . 
  i missunderstood what you meant in your previous comment then . 
  look people here know fuck all about bulgarians . 
  we hardly have any here . 
  i do n't think anyone will go around complaining about those `` damn bulgarians '' . 
  if you find one that does , tell them they 're a cunt for me . 
  there will always be a group of people that complains about immigrants . 
  those exist in your country as well ( if anything eastern europe is known to be a whole lot more xenophobic ) . 
  is it going to be a problem for you ? 
  i highly doubt it , but i could n't tell you for sure . 
  if you are not contributing to society people will use your nationality to discriminate . 
  that 's how life works . 
  close the borders !, 
  leave the eu !, 
  it 's a muslim tsunami !!!!!, 
  - some people , probably . 
  i guess some common looks for men are very very short hair , maybe a moustache . 
  specifically bulgarians tend to be quite hairy compared to north europeans and they usually have dark hair . 
  some facial features are also different in a way but i find it hard to describe . 
  all of it mostly applies to lower class workers anyways . 
  honestly we do n't get a lot of bulgarians here apart from some truck drivers really . 
  even truck drivers are polish most of the time . 
  hard workers are never irritating honestly , especially if you learn the language . 
  that 's the main thing , people do n't like when foreigners work here but do n't speak our language . 
  i mean . . historically it made even less sense to call us dutch nazis which he also did . 
  that sign was at a protest in london . 
  i have n't seen any signs like that in the netherlands . 
  i 'm not even sure it could be seen as illegal or not ( might fall under the law against encouraging violence ) . 
  this would really depend on your job and maybe also a bit on how `` eastern european '' you look . 
  honestly if you speak the language and have a good job you will be treated the same as everyone else . 
  if you work in construction or as a truck driver or something and do n't speak the language then you can expect some remarks because you are `` stealing our jobs '' . 
   i 'm mediterranean as fuck ( portuguese represeeeent ) and i really love dutch cuisine itself to be honest . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm as dutch as they come so i love my dutch food but what the hell !, 
  no foreigner said this , ** ever ** . 
  it almost brings a tear to my eye to see it . 
  what do you like about dutch food ? 
  do you currently live somewhere where you do need armed security then ? 
  i 've never heard of it before . 
  i 'd also have to say i really think basketball is boring as hell to watch , just does n't do anything for me . 
  i do n't mind playing it with a couple buddies though . 
  sun in march ? 
  what, 
  haha . . 
  impossible !, 
  the portugal national team is one of our most hated teams . 
  2006 never forget . 
  who would you support in a game between portugal and netherlands ? 
  we have one ? 
  lidl is a german supermarket so they always win in the end regardless of who is better :p, 
  i also support ajax , 
   especially the registration of deactivated firearms is just ridiculous . 
  this would include so many harmless guns and waste time of so many people . 
  why not just enforce proper deactivation procedures ? 
  are n't a huge majority of the firearms on the black market formely deactivated weapons that have been activated again ? 
  mostly i think they need to get rid of their presidential system , it 's ridiculous how much power 1 person can have there . 
  euthanasia is another one . 
  from a european perspective the republicans are essentially a religious party though . 
  also i doubt someone could ( realistically ) become president if they were openly non christian . 
  no parties are `` against homosexuality '' . 
  they only disagree with gay marriage and adoption rights . 
  i do n't think christenunie wants to get rid of gay marriage now . 
  i believe they even had a line about treating everyone regardless of race , nationality , gender and sexuality equal in their programme . 
  you are right sgp is the most extreme , but even they have removed the goal of banning gay marriage from their party programme for the 2017 elections ( although i 'm sure they would still do it if given the chance ) . 
  edit :  they are against freedom of religion and public display of non-protestant religions do you have a source for this ? 
   on the remaining issues in politics they are somewhat right-winged , but not populist like . 
  this is not true , they are more centre left . 
  they are also one of the greenest parties . 
   ( if i were n't horribly single , haha ) i 'll hold your hand !, 
  if i actually went outside , that is . . 
  honestly i try not to touch balkan issues even with a ten foot pole . 
   one or another dinosaur will take 4 months to debate these options , and finds the solution : `` let 's take the middle road , so nothing changes '' . 
  this is very accurate , except for the dinosaur part . 
  honestly compared to a lot of other countries the dutch politicians are generally not that old . 
  the old ones are all in the eerste kamer . 
  honestly i feel like we still have some steps to take in the netherlands . 
  for example back when i was in highschool , every kid went around calling everyone and everything gay , fag and homo . 
  i suppose you could say that 's what teens do but it made me feel unsafe to be open about my sexuality ( bi ) .
