  netherlands is such an extremist country , makes you wonder why the pope has n't called for a crusade to liberate us from all these freedoms yet !, 
  hello , i full respect your opinion even though i disagree . 
  with that said i wanted to adress a few of your points . 
  first off if kids get bullied or have trouble fitting in , that 's a problem that the educational system has a big responsibility in . 
  society is getting more diverse and there will always be kids that stand out . 
  it does n't matter whether they have gay parents , are of a different skin colour , have some kind of handicap or are just really poor in a school with a lot of rich kids . 
  by your logic black people also should n't have kids because they might get bullied . 
  it 's just not right . 
  in countries ( mainly east europe ) where having gay parents is a reason for bullying , the government should ensure that schools have anti-bullying programmes and good education about diversity . 
  i agree that ideally a child would be raised by 2 parents as this helps in giving the child a balanced upbringing and more personal attention . 
  however it 's wrong to assume that same sex parents ca n't raise a child in the same way a heterosexual couple can . 
  there is no perfect rolemodel for men or women . 
  in many cases a woman may be more ` manly ' than her husband . 
  i 'll use my own parents as an example . 
  my mother is always the one fixing things around the house , she keeps track of all the financial things and also has much more of a hard working attitude compared to my father . 
  not trying to discredit my father though , i did learn many things from him too . 
  i 'm just saying people are all different . 
  there are also usually plenty of other rolemodels in a kid 's life like teachers and family members so it 's not like a child with gay parents will grow up without any woman to turn to . 
  you might be interested in watching [ this episode ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hewu8kzl-8 ) of `` the world 's strictest parents '' ( they are n't really strict ) . 
  it features an american gay couple who i think are pretty fantastic parents . 
  it will help you understand what the dynamic of a gay couple as parents may be like . 
  that 's exactly the same thing a few polish commenters on this sub were telling me last time i had a discussion about lgbt rights with them . 
  did you just call germany a city ? 
  haha . 
  i would n't say germany is slow paced at all . 
  west europe is one of the faster paced regions of the world . 
  i do think some asian cities ( like hong kong for example ) are faster paced though . 
  your other questions might be better answered by a german . 
  [ this is a geographical map of europe ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/img/areamap/continent/europe_map.gif ) . 
  as you can see a part of russia and a small part of turkey are in europe . 
  georgia , azerbaijan and armenia are also europe . 
  politically turkey and russia play major roles in europe ( although usually somewhat negative ) . 
  we are affected by brexit in terms of bullshit articles either predicting doom over the uk or telling us that the uk will be stronger than ever . 
  nothing substantial has happened yet and it probably wo n't for another 2 years . 
  i 'm proud of my country but would n't say i 'm patriotic . 
  some things we do well , some things we are the best in and some things we are terrible at . 
  the amount of pride that americans tend to have for their country is not really accepted as normal here . 
  as a city to visit i really loved rome . 
  as an area the greek islands are very nice . 
  the food there is great , the hospitality , the weather , the nature and sea !, 
  i can answer for the netherlands about geert wilders . 
  he 's expected to get something between 20-25 % of the votes in the upcoming elections . 
  this means he will have to work together with 2 or possibly even 3 other parties to form a government coalition . 
  almost all the major parties have said that they will refuse to work with him due to his extreme views . 
  so even though he will probably win the elections , he can not be part of the government . 
  immigration is a huge issue . 
  the only thing everyone agrees on is that it has not been handled correctly in the past years and specificly 2015 when we had the peak . 
  however on how the handle future immigration there simply is no agreement . 
  it 's a subject that everyone has a strong opinion about so the discussion will probably continue for a long time . 
  i consider being european a strong part of my identity but being dutch definitely comes first . 
  aww , i love you too random stranger on the internet !, 
  water used to be our enemy , now it 's our bitch . 
  europe is the first step , the world is next !, 
  there 's no meme posting allowed in / r/thenetherlands , that 's probably why . 
  in the original version in the new dlc that they released a few months ago `` vive la france '', 
  the shadow of that bridge on google maps is really awesome . 
  i drove over this bridge in euro truck simulator 2 it 's pretty sweet !, 
  he 's just trying to become a meme at this point . . 
  this one was so hilarious !, 
  just could n't stop laughing . 
  love this trend i hope we get one for every country of the world . 
  no that way the people are not nearly as well presented . 
  take the polish system with a 5 % treshold for example : if there are 3 parties with 4 % of the votes that means 12 % of the voting population has no representation whatsoever . 
  nice one :d, 
  he only needs about 0,67 % of the votes to get 1 seat in the parliament . 
  he 's projected to get something like 24 % so you can give up your hope now . 
  unless you want him to be part of the government , in which case there is a decent chance that it will happen . 
  that would still make him part of the parliament though . 
  [ its china ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdrfe9i8_hs ), 
  honestly i recognise the majority of them but they do n't really warrant more than 1 short article in a newspaper if that . 
  the thing is people get killed weekly if not daily in the regular crime scene in every country of europe . 
  if media had to report on knife attacks where no one got injured they would have no space left to report on anything else . 
  do you think they will be growing in popularity over the next years ? 
  are their politicians `` new '' or do they come from other parties ? 
  cool !, 
  any romanians that can explain what they stand for other than anti corruption and what they have achieved so far ? 
  they 're just using * alternative * ingredients and cooking methods !, 
  `` i do n't like the scots that have been insulting us constantly for the last seven months ( eg leaders of the snp ) < yadayadayada  '' really was n't that hard . 
  any sentence that has to start with `` fuck the scots '' pretty much has no value to add to any discussion . 
  edit : why is this being downvoted ? 
  if you 're going to complain about scots complaining , adress only those that are doing it . 
  if you insist on saying it 's all scots are doing it then you 're being a racist bigot and i 'll call you out for that . 
  i 'd prefer our politicians and media work on keeping a trustworthy image and not spread garbage like this tweet . 
  it does n't contribute anything useful to our society . 
  or would you rather become like the usa where a president is constantly telling people that certain ( usually ) quality media are spreading lies ? 
  where millions of the population ca n't trust what they see on tv and read in the newspapers ? 
   but people know pechtold would never be there . 
  they should know but they often prefer to believe things that fit their narrative . 
  i thought soros is doing all the string pulling lately ? 
  he 's the one that pays all the protesters right ? 
  putin just pays internet trolls / s, 
   fuck the scots , they have been insulting us constantly for the last seven months to ingratiate themselves to germans , french and whatnot . 
  they have no honour , no decency , no dignity . 
  their ancestors would be ashamed of them . 
  nice generalisation there buddy . 
  i did n't say regional identity is a bad thing . 
  in the case of the netherlands i think limburg and friesland are great additions to the country . 
  but they do n't actually want to leave and neither does wallonia want to leave belgium so they are a different story . 
  what scotland wants to do is up to them to decide . 
  clearly a lot of people there do n't want to leave or they would have won the referendum 2 years ago .
