  i do n't think they feel `` strongly '' about anything other than eu and immigration/islam honestly . 
  you just described personal taste . 
  afaik there is no consensus in the us that a bigger chest and bigger bottom is more attractive . 
  if there is that probably is n't unique to your country . 
  i 'm not seeing any differences between the us and the rest of the western world here . 
  that 's probably why we are finding it difficult to answer your question . 
  how would you answer this question yourself ? 
  as in what traits do americans find attractive that people in other countries usually do n't ? 
  think i 've heard it at 2 funerals myself . 
  but then again i 've lost 2 people to suicide so i do n't know . 
  i 've never really read suicide into the lyrics . 
  i figured it was more about people being ready to die . 
  they are n't bound to a specific day . 
  i think they are always on a normal workday but i could be mistaken . 
  the ones i 've experienced were . 
  they are never during holidays that 's for sure . 
  i 'm going to choose some songs in dutch . 
  we have plenty of artists producing in english including many dj 's . 
  i like a lot of those songs too but think it 's more interesting to share some songs that only gained popularity here . 
  [ bl\u00f8f - mooie dag ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftnycnobv4y ) it means beautiful day . 
  this song is often played at funerals ; one of last lines is ` what a beautiful day for death ' [ abel - onderweg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wno6ydn8u0 ) i love this song too . 
  that 's not at all the case here in the netherlands . 
  i think it 's a bad idea . 
  people that are not interested in politics and badly informed about what parties stand for should not be forced to vote . 
  this will lead to even more sheep votes ( eg people that vote for a party because their friend or family told them to vote for it ) . 
  this is not beneficial for a democracy . 
  if anything that 's how you elect terrible leaders . 
  if there is a low voter turnout that 's an issue the politicians need to work on by being more in touch with voters , making people feel like they are listened to and that their vote matters . 
  typically ryanair , transavia and whizzair offer the cheapest european flights . 
  luggage will cost additional fees ( like 20-30 euros extra for 20 kg ) . 
  you can use skyscanner to search for and compare flights . 
  if you are flexible and book well ahead you can get crazy cheap prices like 30 euros if you are lucky . 
  barcelona to paris is about a 2 hour flight btw . 
  for such a short flight i 'd say it does n't really matter if the service is shit and plane a bit messy . 
  i have pretty good experience with transavia . 
  never lost or damaged luggage or anything like that . 
  edit : if you ca n't find any cheap flights at this point , look into buses . 
  that would be about a 10 hour journey i reckon and not comfortable but cheaper than trains for sure . 
  yeah , i was referring to doing something about stopping this trend . 
  i think we all agree it 's getting annoying . 
  anything we can do about this [ / u/creamyjoshy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/creamyjoshy ) ? 
  in the netherlands you 'd fall somewhere between vvd ( centre right ) and pvv ( far right ) . 
  pvv is the only party that is openly against muslim immigration , all the other parties consider this discrimination . 
  only one extremely conservative christian party called sgp opposes gay marriage and abortion here . 
  it 's basically political suicide to do so . 
  sale of weed is tolerated here . 
  vvd is not opposed of that but their point of view is a bit unclear . 
  they are not actively trying to make it fully illegal anyways . 
  pvv is also not very clear about their point of view regarding weed but it seems like they want to make soft drugs fully illegal . 
  vvd is pro euthanasia and pvv wants to expand the current laws to make it easier . 
  even our christian democrates party cda does not oppose euthanasia . 
  so this is basically not really a left or right issue . 
  only the conservative christian parties sgp and christenunie oppose it . 
  pvv is very eurosceptic and wants to leave the eu . 
  vvd sees value in the eu but does not want to give it any more power . 
  green energy is generally something the left wing parties want to spend more on . 
  this does n't mean the right wing opposes the clean energy goals though . 
  there 's a general consensus that climate change is a serious issue and that we have to work towards a climate neutral society . 
  the left wing parties want to do it a lot faster than the right wing though . 
  is not too many atm 's really an issue ? 
  here it does n't cost any money to get cash from an atm that is n't your own bank . 
  the daily limit is just a bit lower than usual . 
  do you have to pay in germany ? 
  water / s, 
  motorbikes are very often associated with biker gangs . 
  all of our major biker gangs have a history of criminal activities ( weapon trade , drug trade , violence , blackmail ) . 
  i guess it 's okay if you ride solo or with a few friends but the groups have a seriously bad reputation . 
  i would like my government to be tough in the sense that they stand up for what my country believes in . 
  if that offends trump , so be it . 
  i 'm not asking for sanctions or anything , just let the us know what things we believe are not okay to do . 
  well they also kinda banned eu citizens with dual citizenship ( at first ) . 
  but i 'm more worried about the statements made towards the eu . 
  all this talk of countries that should take their sovereignty back and the eu being germany 's power extension tool . 
  it 's pretty damn disrespectful towards your allies . 
  i think it 's fair to give some response to that , not just suck it up and play america 's pet . 
  estonia can into superpower ? 
  it was hong kong for me . 
  just really overwhelming to be surrounded by skyscrapers and not only in the cbd but really everywhere . 
  then there was also the fact that everything is in a different language that i ca n't even read the letters of . 
  the very stressed out and hasty feeling and poor air quality . 
  even the fact that i was the only white person surrounded by asians . 
  it made me feel quite weird . 
  still an awesome city though . 
  would 've loved to go there with a local friend . 
   internet in general is n't dominated by men is n't ? 
  or is ? 
   why would you assume such a thing ? 
  i 'm just speculating . 
  among guys , some years ago if you played a lot of mmorpg 's you were seen as a nerd . 
  maybe reddit has a bad image or is known to be a male thing , so females might think it 's weird for them to use it ? 
  i feel like this is easier to answer for other countries than for your own maybe ? 
  lol yeah i was reading about it , i guess it does n't really count . 
  well all of these incidents `` could '' happen here too but in general people tend to have respect for police and they cooperate . 
  of course there will always be some incidents but police very rarely use their guns here and if they do they have to write in a lot of detail a report . 
  if anyone got injured there will usually be an investigation to make sure everything was handled correctly . 
  i suppose there are some neighbourhoods where there is a mentality of `` the police is our enemy '' . 
  still i think 99 % of our police officers are excellent people that really just want to make sure everyone is safe and okay . 
  lynxes are for sure one of the sweetest looking animals we have in europe . 
  i guess most of the forests in northern europe are all dominated by pine and spruce trees , because of the tougher climate there . 
  how about wolves ?
