  interesting how the dutch one has almost 50.000 pages and supposedly more than 10 times fewer words . 
  the biggest one according to google has between 350.000 and 400.000 words and the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/woordenboek_der_nederlandsche_taal ) even claims it 's `` by far '' world 's largest monolingual dictionary . 
  i filled in the survey . 
  good luck with your essay . 
  thanks for your continued moderation , i really enjoy this sub . 
  are you still the only active mod at this point in time ? 
  my take on this is : i welcome anyone that is n't from europe to chip in and comment about what 's normal in their own country to compare . 
  this way we both learn a little bit about other countries and it can lead to good discussion . 
  obviously we do n't want this subreddit dominated by non europeans but i doubt that will happen . 
  i think it really depends on the situation . 
  if someone is asking for travel information i think it 's fair to give non english links because often there might not be an english website for said museum/tourist attraction . 
  but in the case of `` what do you guys think about this news article ? '', 
  < * posts bulgarian news article that no one understands *  it 's probably not a good idea to allow that without english translation . 
  we 'll take new york , cheers . 
   they 're planning to open trbovlje chimney for tourists . 
  i knew it was going to be one of those videos of retarded idiots risking their lives for adrenaline . . 
  you can do abseiling at the [ euromast ] ( http://www.euromast.nl/en/discover-experience-rotterdam/thrills ) in rotterdam which is pretty high, 
  i had 3 different teachers over the course of 3 years of german and all of them were absolutely shit teachers . 
  a good teacher can make such a huge difference honestly . . 
  hmm i 'm not sure about podcasts but there are definitely a bunch of youtubers from the netherlands that produce all sorts of content in english to cater to an international audience . 
  the [ dutch spongebob voice actor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvcafd4qrsk ) is a lot less annoying than the american one in my opinion but still pretty bad . 
  a german teacher in highschool once made me pronounce the number 99 in class . 
  after a few horrible attempts ( stuff like that gives me bad anxiety ) she made me stay for 15 minutes after class to repeat that word over and over . 
  after probably 50 attempts i still could n't say it properly and it did n't exactly leave me with great memories . 
  i still do n't ever try to publicly speak german to this day . 
  i just do n't like the language . 
  the most i 've done since was repeat a few words german friends said to me . 
  sorry germans !, 
  i still love you . 
  honestly berlin is probably one of the safest capital cities in europe . 
  in general tourist areas are very safe . 
  the only thing you have to worry about is pickpockets and traffic . 
  do n't cross a road in rome without looking xd . 
  [ nothing hard bout dem numbers !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/dy4xxsmw3_8?t=12s ), 
  i do know about it and have known for years that for you americans it 's the biggest sports event of the year . 
  i 'm not interested in american football because i do n't like sports with too much physical contact and because of the many breaks during the game . 
  perhaps i would be more into it if it was as popular here as in the states though . 
  i actually did briefly consider watching it this year because of the stranger things teaser they were going to air during one of the long breaks . 
  it takes place too late at night for us europeans though so that ended up not being a good option . 
  other than that i do n't really know anything about the dynamics of the game and which teams participate or how they end up with 2 teams that eventually play the super bowl match that everyone in your country is so excited about . 
  different culture & cool nature would be my reasons . 
  add the fact that english is the spoken language which makes it very easy to get around and you get a pretty interesting tourist destination . 
  how very accepting they are of people from other cultures in some states like california . 
  i have about 150 of those comic books . 
  still thinking about finishing the collection some day , but the new ones are kind of lame sadly . 
  some of her less compatible quotes : * `` for those who want to talk a lot about world war ii , if it 's about occupation , then we could also talk about it ( muslim prayers in the streets ) , because that is occupation of territory . 
  it is an occupation of sections of the territory , of districts in which religious laws apply . 
  it 's an occupation . 
  there are of course no tanks , there are no soldiers , but it is nevertheless an occupation and it weighs heavily on local residents . 
  '' * * `` immigration is an organized replacement of our population . 
  this threatens our very survival . 
  we do n't have the means to integrate those who are already here . 
  the result is endless cultural conflict . 
  '' * in general i do n't think it 's humane to have millions of refugees fleeing from war living in camps where their lives are basically stuck in a status quo and that for years on end . 
  children growing up and missing large parts of their education because they are in a camp leaves those countries with a lost generation . 
  if she has solutions to that i would like to hear them . 
  however even on the left part of the political spectrum people realise that immigration has its limits . 
  there are problems with immigration and specificly integration . 
  marine le pen just is n't coming with the right solutions . 
  it should also be noted that she cooperates with racists and bigots around the globe . 
  even though she stays politically correct herself most of the time , by working together with those people she basically endorses their views . 
  people also do n't like that she is eurosceptic and that she wants to be best buddies with russia . 
  she 's even funded by russian money . 
  those are also things we tend to consider immoral because well . . it 's russia . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're going to find many luxembourgers in a sub with 12 thousand subscribers : / e : theres this sub though / r/luxembourg, 
  brabant [ does n't ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/noord-brabants_volkslied ) have an official anthem . 
  but these days pretty much everyone considers [ brabant by guus meeuwis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaizl1tz-so ) the anthem . 
  another user commented about the netherlands already but i 'll chip in with some more information . 
  [ euthanasia in the netherlands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euthanasia_in_the_netherlands ) has been allowed since 2002 so our country has quite a bit of experience with it at this point . 
  like in belgium and probably luxembourg you do n't have the right to euthanasia but the right to * ask for * euthanasia . 
  to have your request accepted and eventually fullfilled you have to meet the following conditions : * the patient 's suffering is unbearable with no prospect of improvement * the patient 's request for euthanasia must be voluntary and persist over time ( the request can not be granted when under the influence of others , psychological illness or drugs ) * the patient must be fully aware of his/her condition , prospects , and options * there must be consultation with at least one other independent doctor who needs to confirm the conditions mentioned above * the death must be carried out in a medically appropriate fashion by the doctor or patient , and the doctor must be present * the patient is at least 12 years old ( patients between 12 and 16 years of age require the consent of their parents ) in the vast majority of the cases a request is done because of unbearable suffering in the form of physical pain . 
  80 % of the cases are cancer where no more treatment is possible and death is already certain . 
  euthanasia is simply a legal means to end that suffering . 
  however , euthanasia can also be performed in cases of unbearable mental suffering . 
  these cases are much and much more complex . 
  usually the people that request euthanasia due to mental health issues have already been suffering for many years ( sometimes decades ) and have tried all sorts of treatments to no avail . 
  the issue is that there is always some kind of treatment still possible , even if the chance of any improvement is basically zero . 
  some examples are severe ocd , chronic depression but also cases of early dementia and alzheimers . 
  in these cases obviously a psychologist is involved in the progress rather than just an ordinary doctor . 
  in 2013 there were 9 reported cases of euthanasia for mental health reasons . 
  there are many more requests than that but most get rejected . 
  i recently read about a case where someone with autism and chronic depression , aged 36 got his request approved . 
  this after he had been regularly visiting psychologists , mental health institutions and all that other stuff since age 3 . 
  he had not really been able to do anything with his life , just basically suffer every day and wish for death . 
  with dementia and alzheimers it 's even harder . 
  i know of only one case that has been approved but there may be more . 
  in a very early stage when his alzheimers was first diagnosed this man already said that he would like euthanasia as soon as he would be no longer able to take care of himself . 
  he expressed this wish to a doctor and made sure to document it extensively and continued to do so over the next years , for as long as he was still consiously able to . 
  even then it was not easy , because by law a person has to be fully aware of his decision at the time of performing euthanasia . 
  however , as his alzheimers got worse and he eventually was unable to function as a human being he expressed great discontent and anger . 
  this was enough to declare that he still wished to die because of the extensive documentation of his wish and the proces of his disease . 
  anyways this is becoming a bit of a long post and i have n't answered your questions yet . 
  i fully support euthanasia as it is implemented by law in my country . 
  i think the safety checks are good enough to prevent cases where a better solution would be possible . 
  most importantly i think it 's good to allow people to stop their unbearable suffering . 
  yes it is , usually they are oven baked when unpeeled . 
  can you link any source to back that up ? 
  their party programme only mentions they do n't want to spend any money on wind turbines . 
  can you show any quotes of them straight up denying global warming ?
