  romania is really pro-eu so they can make a difference . 
  i think the eu would definitely intervene if it escalates that badly . 
  read the top comment - the government ( pretty much illegally ) passed a law that essentially decriminalises corruption . 
  a lot of convicted politicians and other officials can walk away free now . 
  i agree , although the dutch media did quite a bit of coverage about protests in poland and other stuff happening there . 
  i think with trump stuff happening and plenty of things to write about brexit and on top of that upcoming elections here in march , this kind of issue is just not important enough to us . 
  there have been a few articles about it on the dutch public news website nos.nl . 
  i think 3 articles in total over the past 2-3 weeks . 
  last one was this morning after the law was passed . 
  it does n't get any attention in news broadcasts though . 
  edit : they posted a new article about tonight 's protests too actually, 
  goodluck romanians !, 
  you guys got this , keep believing . 
  hope everything stays peaceful . 
  wait , there 's a gay version of communism ? 
  i have to know more about this . 
  i 'm glad these two have spoken out against the current developments in romania . 
  i just really hope for the media across europe to pick up on this subject and give it the attention it deserves . 
  the fight against corruption in romania is very admirable and the progress made was impressive . 
  taking a step back like this is very worrying . 
  tracking kids ? 
  goodness me i 'm glad i 've grown up before smartphones became a really big thing . 
  that would be very interesting , good luck !, 
  should we also `` discover '' the americas again ? 
  edit : and send our prison population to australia ? 
  would be a lot less white this time around though / s, 
  if lepen becomes the leader of france , inform yourself about changes she will make and what consequences they will have . 
  make sure to be aware of the facts . 
  if you notice friends , family , classmates or collegues making statements in support of lepen , educate them about what will happen . 
  how this will affect everyone in france , show them why it 's negative . 
  you do n't have to be a politician to convince people of something . 
  if you can show them proof it will go a long way . 
  you also wo n't be able to convince everyone , which is okay . 
  the second thing you can do is join resistance groups . 
  there will without a doubt be protests if lepen makes controversial decisions . 
  simply being present and showing that you care is enough to help . 
  no one cares about you being `` an asian kid '' . 
  france has a very multicultural society due to its colonial past . 
  if you speak french , live in france and have french citizenship then you are considered french by pretty much everyone except for some insane white supremists . 
  we always joke about the french people going on strikes very often to fight for their workers rights , but it shows us that public protests can go a long way . 
  they do matter , they do make a change and anyone can make that change . 
  if everyone thought like that we would still live in a world with slavery , women as 2nd class citizens , burning `` witches '' , prosecution of people of different faiths and countless other terrible things . 
  you step up to fight for your beliefs so you can convince others to change their mind and make them see what 's right . 
  if everyone already agreed there would be no reason to fight in the first place . 
  i would advise to educate yourself a little bit about the history of how our society came to be . 
  many people have fought and worked hard for equality and freedom . 
  they all did this during times when the majority had different opinions . 
  if lepen comes into power that would be the moment for the people of france to step up to protect their democracy , beliefs and values . 
  not to run away from its problems . 
  i know i wo n't leave if geert wilders becomes pm here . 
  do you have no love for your country ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  i 've seen guys that look roughly like that . 
  though , i honestly do n't even see how gender is relevant in this situation . 
  marked [ / u/penki - ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/penki - ) as `` responsible for upcoming cow genocide '' . 
  did you just assume i have a gender ? 
  i love bisons !, 
  i wonder what the guy in the blue white striped blouse is watching that is so funny that he completely forgot to vote . 
  ha take that baltics and denmark !, 
  a little bit cheesy , but holy damn the comment section is bad . 
  has it been hijacked by the_donald or something ? 
  i would be that one guy that is the only bisexual , although i 'm pretty surprised there were n't any others lol . 
  looks like something you 'd see during tour de france, 
  ha , i used to have one of those in my old house . 
  great for admiring your creations . 
  * slow clap *, 
  ey , what can i say . 
  us dutch have been spreading deadly diseases around since the middle ages . 
  it 's our secret stategy to world domination !, 
  does n't open on firefox for me . 
  most of them were gone a looooooooooong time ago really . 
  well i guess we can use the excuse of being a swamp right ? 
  wow luxembourg is at 166.8 b on that list !, 
  yea that went really smooth , 
  that 's pretty dark . 
  in my town there 's a railroad which has gotten quite a few suicides over the years . 
  whenever there 's a train standing still and rail crossings are blocked you can basically figure out what happened . 
  suicide is a very scary thing , i know all too much about it . 
  on a more brighter note , i really loved all those pictures . 
  so interesting to see some highlights of your county in romania . 
  hope to see more !, 
   a fun fact  most suicides well that was fun . 
  rotterdam has had a muslim mayor for years and he 's one of the most popular ( and very well known ) politicians in the country . 
  george soros says a lot of things . 
  fake news !, 
  sad !, 
  i won the greatest victory of all time because i 'm the best . 
  the media are lying crooks . 
  i know because i have this friend . 
  he 's really a great guy . 
  the best guy . 
  you wo n't believe me , but he 's really great . 
  he told me . 
  he told me , donald . 
  you 're the best , you 're gon na make this country great again . 
  and he 's right . 
  the best trump picture is on belarus though . 
  that 's literally what his presidency feels like . 
  trump just laughing at america for what they have done . 
  my first thought `` that guy looks like a nazi '' .
