  in that situation south korea will be the biggest victim because they are within reach of the majority of north korea 's weapons . 
  4 ) as you can see from my flair we have a tolerant drug policy here . 
  once upon a time it was very progressive but years of political laziness have kept us stuck with the same policy for decades . 
  what it comes down to is that it 's illegal to grow cannibis but it 's tolerated for coffee shops ( not just in amsterdam btw ) to sell and for people to smoke it . 
  possession is fine up to a certain amount . 
  so we have criminals supplying the shops with cannibis instead of properly regulating and taxing it . 
  it 's a mess of a system but the conservatives are blocking any improvement while the progressives do n't want to make any of it illegal . 
  and our biggest party for the past 6 and half years is too cowardly to make any decision to break the status quo . 
  as for the public opinion ? 
  big majority wants to see it all fully legal . 
  btw cannibis use here is one of the lowest of europe and also much lower than the us . 
  5 ) this is honestly impossible to answer because you will get many different answers in many different places . 
  we admire some things you do but do n't understand how you can be so backwards with other things . 
  in the end it 's like any other country , far from perfect . 
  i think i speak for the majority of this sub when i say i would love to visit the us some time and travel around to see the awesome nature and cool cities . 
  but i also would n't want to live there due to lack of social securities the american system has . 
  6 ) i believe in aliens . 
  i mean technically even a microsopic being that we do n't have on earth would be an alien , regardless of whether it 's sentient or not . 
  the universe is too big for us to ever explore . 
  i think the most we can expect from our generation is to land a person on mars if we 're lucky . 
  `` i will tell your father about this ! '', 
  sort comments by new , i answered before you wrote that . 
  anyways yeah your joke just does n't work without an / s , sorry dude . 
  1 ) you 're talking to a scotsman not an englishman 2 ) for those that voted against brexit another group did overrule them by voting for brexit in bigger numbers . 
  hey at least you did n't lose the final 3 times , 
  the image host you used is a bit annoying so here 's an [ imgur mirror ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hapyelu.jpg ) . 
  a house with a garden so large that it would be worth doing , like many houses in american suburbs have , would easily cost a million euros here . 
  i think for an average middle class family there simply is n't any point in hiring anyone to take care of the garden . 
  would be too expensive for most people as well . 
  france . 
  it certainly was n't anything about france that made the vacation bad but it was just a bunch of poor luck combined . 
  we were staying in center parcs close to laon . 
  not being used to driving long stretches the drive there was already kind of frustrating , the 5 of us cramped in a relatively small car . 
  my parents being stingy avoided toll roads so we had to drive a lot through the country side over very slow and boring roads . 
  in belgium we 'd already been stuck in traffic and it was rather busy in france too . 
  the center parcs was n't nearly as nice as previous ones we 'd been to in the netherlands because it did n't have a water park or any cool stuff . 
  it did have a lake but the weather was shit almost every day . 
  we picked out a day to go to paris by train . 
  it was actually great weather that day , so great that it was over 30 degrees and became too hot . 
  it was a tuesday . 
  we found out that on tuesdays a lot of museums are closed in paris , including the louvre . 
  this was before the time of smartphones so we did n't really check beforehand . 
  so basically we could n't do half the things we had planned to do . 
  we only have one brabant in the netherlands and it 's economically one of the strongest provinces . 
  poorest regions are generally east groningen and parts of south limburg that used to rely on the mine industry . 
  we need pictures now, 
  calling [ / u/rapua ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/rapua ), 
  that we do n't have a government ? 
  expensive but delicious . 
  for me basisschool was 150ish and then merged with another school half way in to become around 300 . 
  was in a class of 14 people at the time and it got made into a class of 35 people . . middelbare school was somewhere between 1500 and 2000 students, 
  i ca n't really help you with answering how difficult it is to make that move . 
  some people with experience in doing that will probably give you the best advice so try / r/iwantout , that 's a sub specificly for expats/emigrants . 
  i do want to say a few things though . 
  first , there is no country in the world where you will find a government which spends money on only things that you want them to spend it on . 
  there will always be wasted money here or there , stupid forms of bureaucracy and a bit of corruption . 
  maybe you 'll find yourself agreeing more with how nordic governments spend their money compared to the american one though . 
  that 's something you should find out , if it 's important for you . 
  we can certainly answer specific questions about government spending here if you have them . 
  now the second thing is if you move to one of the nordic countries you will have to learn a new language . 
  yes they can speak english and you 'll get around but that 's not the same as living there . 
  if you do n't have experience with learning a 2nd language yet , please do n't underestimate it . 
  it requires serious dedication and motivation to do . 
  another thing is that you 'll have to adjust to a different culture . 
  there is n't a world of difference between the states and nordic countries but that does n't mean you 'll automatically feel at home . 
  there are differences in how people interact with strangers , what 's expected from you . 
  it may be difficult to find friends , especially when you do n't speak the language yet . 
  what 's that ? 
  hey man it 's alright to be ignorant as long as you want to learn . 
  norway is not a big country and it does n't make the news very often so it 's not strange to know very little about it . 
  unlike most west european countries norway was n't really a big player in the slave trading business . 
  they did n't have any african colonies but did explore north america a bit and of course greenland . 
  so from a historical point of view norway does n't have much of a connection with africa that could 've brought them an african population . 
  however immigration is something of all times and norway has been wealthy for a long time which makes it an appealing place to live . 
  a quick look at wikipedia tells me that about 17 % of the norwegian population consists of immigrants and children born to immigrants . 
  it has actually risen a lot since the early 2000s so the stereotype of a very white norway is not even that outdated . 
  from the same wikipage i found that the 3rd biggest immigrant country of origin is somalia so that would be where a large chunk of their black population is from . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_norway ) if you 're interested . 
  what does keeping work and private life seperate have to do with being introvert/aspergers ? 
  surely those people can also enjoy their job enough to like doing overtime ? 
  ew it 's like a gathering of randstedelingen here . . 
  if bread was the devil our nation would 've died out a long time ago . 
  my breakfast every day is one slice with [ vruchtenhagel ] ( https://www.voedingswaardetabel.nl/_lib/img/prod/big/vruchtenhagel.jpg ) and one with [ vlokken ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/c9/3d/5b/c93d5b1e4762bae5f1a3ee3caea6ae69.jpg ) . 
  i do n't put on as much as on those pictures though . 
  of course i have n't . 
  also it 's rude to speak in a different language on an english language sub . 
  i was specificly refering to what rutte actually says which is always so sugarcoated to the point where it becomes funny . 
  to spread the dutch masterrace obviously ^ / s, 
  i think the americans with dutch ancestry typically have been in america for much longer compared to the ones in australia and canada . 
  especially in the parts where the original dutch settlers went . 
  also i do n't know if this is common but both my parents are not in touch with any of their cousins or any siblings my grandparents had . 
  my family for me is just grandparents , first cousins , aunts and uncles and obviously my own siblings and parents . 
  so even if we did have relatives elsewhere we probably would n't be in touch with them at all anymore . 
  the worst thing you 'll ever hear our pm say about things trump does is that he thinks it 's worrying . 
  about erdogan he might go as far as saying something is unacceptable !, 
  i wo n't be too specific but i can say that more than 10000 people have my surname . 
  what aspects of mexican life and society did you dislike ? 
   when is a child old enough to pick out their own clothes ? 
  while shopping or dressing yourself ? 
  i do n't remember when my parents last told me what to wear so probably pretty young like 6 or 7 possibly .
