  lol  the us will be unable to protect and promote democracy in the rest of the world . 
   in france , the two leading contenders are close to putin and eager to appease him . 
  if either wins , putin 's dominance of europe will become a fait accompli . 
  yea because france 's relations with russia will clearly control all of the other democracies of europe . 
  / s  with economic growth lagging i ca n't ( and wo n't ) speak for all of europe but the netherlands is doing pretty well . 
   the refugee crisis out of control yes , it 's a crisis , no it 's not out of control . 
  it 's being taken care of , slowly . 
  once the mess in syria dies down we will see a return of many syrian refugees to their own country ( as we have seen with iraq and afghanistan in the past years ), 
  are you from ukraine yourself too ? 
  that 's europe as well . 
  could you translate what the video title means ? 
  of course this kind of stuff happens in europe . 
  it happens everywhere in the world . 
  fights and useless violence are not new things . 
  these sort of things happen every weekend in inner cities when a bunch of idiots ca n't handle their liquor and start fights over no reason . 
  people die because of that too . 
  i 'm somewhat assuming that 's not the intention of this video though . 
  is it trying to imply that immigrants are starting fights against european citizens ? 
  trying to paint some image of european doom ? 
  i ca n't really tell for sure . 
  however i can ensure you that in normal every day life you are ** highly ** unlikely to encounter this type of violence in europe . 
  and we still have police too that are mostly competent at their jobs . 
  the only video i recognise is the one where a german woman gets kicked off the stairs . 
  those dudes involved in that incident are bulgarian and i 'm pretty sure they have all been arrested . 
  do n't you just love the headlines media come up with ? 
  i think this is happening in plenty of other countries too , not just the uk . 
  even if the uk does end up doing something about these people , they will be welcomed in other places . 
  all it takes is a pot of gold and doors everywhere will open . 
  in the netherlands we 're discussing this topic as well and have a very similar law going through the senate at the moment ( it passed in the parlement with 75 voting for and 74 against ) . 
  i believe the most commonly heard arguement against it was `` corpses becoming state property by default '' . 
  people seemed to be against the law out of that principle , despite the hundreds of lives it will save . 
  part of our law is that everyone once they turn 18 will receive a form which they can fill in to refuse being an organ donor . 
  if the letter is ignored they will automatically get noted down as ` no objections ' and receive a 2nd letter to confirm that . 
  people can change it any time ( takes 1 minute online ) . 
  i 'm going to move to finland when shit hits the fan , it 'll be like the canada of the eu :d, 
  yeah i 'm with you , zero faith in humanity left . 
  i 'm preparing for the worst while hoping for the best . 
  i apologise , while reading the article some quote processed into my brain as fact , and i later used that to write the previous comment . 
   it is disappointing for the british public because they are the ones who are sick to the back teeth of the abuse of the human rights act and finding it difficult to kick terrorists out of the country and give prisoners the vote . 
  `` they are the ones who will feel let down by this - and anyone who feels let down i will completely sympathise with . '' the way it was phrased lead me to believe that ` the public ' which i assumed meant a majority agreed with may 's stance, 
  i do think you are correct in that pvv will probably win the elections but i do n't think they will be able to form a coalition . 
  although i definitely do n't trust any politician to keep their promises , the vvd have said multiple times that [ they wo n't work with pvv ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2150202-zijlstra-blijft-erbij-vvd-gaat-niet-samenwerken-met-wilders.html ) honestly i would n't be too surprised if we wo n't see any government forming next year , unless there will be a huge coalition of 4 parties ( without pvv ), 
  i have friends that did n't bother to vote because they thought their country would n't be that stupid . 
  honestly i think if 100 % of the population had voted brexit would n't have happened anyways . 
  alright it may not be in the numbers but i still believe there is too much room for error in these kind of surveys and polls . 
  as you mentioned the hard part is to get a random sample and i believe that this is where many polling agencies fail . 
  you may find [ this article ] ( http://nos.nl/op3/artikel/2142260-trump-verslaat-de-peilingen-hoe-dan.html ) interesting ( in dutch ), 
   so exactly what happened in the case we 're talking about ? 
  where he was allowed to be deported once jordan promised not to use evidence obtained by torture in court ? 
  well that 's my point . 
  he 's not the first and he 's most certainly not going to be the last , so why not sign a deal for all current and future similar cases ? 
  as it is now , people like him get to stay in the eu for months after the federal government already decided that they want to deport the person . 
  look i do n't know jack shit about the whole echr . 
  i 'm just trying to figure out why the vast majority of the uk apparently wishes to leave it . 
  i thought they might have good reasons . 
  i 'd argue it is n't . 
  the accuracy is dependent on the size of the population . 
  if you were to use a 1000 participants for some survey from all over the world it would be a lot less reliable compared to when you 'd do the same thing for iceland . 
  i think the 1000 for the uk would 've have been sufficient if the survey was about something factual ( eg ; do you own a car ? ) . 
  however too many people change their minds easily on political issues . 
  also too many people do n't actually vote . 
  time and time again polls regarding politics turn out to be hugely inaccurate ( remember trump ? 
  yeah ), 
   every country continues to list only 13 countries also these polls really do n't mean much , especially given the number of 14000 people included all of those 13 countries . 
  that 's barely over a thousand participants per country . 
  they 'd have to fit so many different groups in there to accurately represent age , economic background , education , ethnic background etc etc. 
  just because someone does n't feel good about brexit now does n't mean they suddendly changed their minds . 
  they may not even have bothered to vote to begin with ( as many of the young people did n't ) . 
  well to be fair if the echr does nothing about all the shit russia and turkey pull off but at the same time is on uk 's back for deporting terrorists to countries that will not give them a fair trial , that does make them seem like a pretty useless and biased orginasation . 
  i do n't understand why a big organisation like echr is unable to make deals with those dangerous countries though , to make sure the terrorists and also normal criminals that we want to deport get a fair trial . 
  is n't that one of the points of uniting in the first place ? 
  to increase the political power . 
  and my axe !, 
  i think it 's all relative . 
  when asked if we 'd like to go on a holiday to afghanistan ( which i 'm sure has some beautiful historic sites and great mountains ) the answer would probably be : `` heck no !, 
  that place is way too dangerous '' however when asked if it 's safe enough for us to send immigrants back we 'd probably all say it 's fine , they have nothing to worry about . 
  following another link on that page brought me to the paper in which the index construction is supposedly published . 
  however it is in german which i 'm not that great at so perhaps someone else here can read into it to find some more information . 
  yes they are , they get a lot less sun than the south , 
  tfw belgium is culturally more similar to hungary and slovenia than the netherlands, 
  do n't get me wrong , i think the netherlands is one of the most boring destinations for tourists in all of europe , 
  syria : always beautiful . 
  i 'm going to assume they did n't come up with that one yesterday huh ? 
  belgium : the place to be . 
  hahahahahahaha ... no . 
  well it does n't look like lonely planet agrees on [ this one ] ( https://www.lonelyplanet.com/best-in-travel/countries ) but then again . . they have finland in their list which is supposed to be the most boring country of northern europe :d, 
  `` critics point out that the road is in an ugly industrial zone and `` goes nowhere '' as it is circular . '', 
  is it just me that found this hilariously symbolic ? 
  you win this time !, 
  i wonder if they had a lot of issues with people bringing carrots into the pool to ban them specificly . . 
  they are the perfect pet actually . 
  looks like mostly grass and shrubs , the darker green patches are bushes and trees . 
   for a while , the us defined a mountain as being 1,000 feet ( 300 m ) or taller . 
  any similar landform lower than this height was considered a hill . 
  however , today , the united states geological survey ( usgs ) concludes that these terms do not have technical definitions in the us . 
  about the vaalserberg though , is there any point lower than 22m within 7km around it ? 
  because then it would meet this definition of mountain : * elevation of at least 300 m ( 980 ft ) , with a 300 m ( 980 ft ) elevation range within 7 km ( 4.3 mi ), 
  [ hmm . . 
  i 'm gon na go with no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mountain#definition ), 
  african warlords also love it there .
