  sanders is way too old to become leader of any party here let alone have a chance at being pm . 
  well i suppose he could join the pensioner party . . 
  your friend in the netherlands is bullshitting or by some extreme coincidence was never home when it happened . 
  cables being mostly in the ground does n't mean nothing ever breaks or needs maintenance . 
  i do n't live in a rural area at all but i 've had power outage around 5 times in the past decade or so . 
  it just never lasts for more than an hour and usually happens at night or early morning . 
  generally it 's just one neighbourhood affected . 
  if something like that lasts longer than an hour and multiple neighbourhoods are affected it generally makes the news , which is a few times a year . 
  [ this graph ] ( http://www.tomorrowmobile.nl/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/stroomstoring.nederland..jpg ) shows the average annual interruption time for customers per country in europe . 
  west europe does pretty well so it 's safe to assume that a lot of people can go for years without any outages but i would n't exactly describe it as a once in a lifetime event either . 
  i would say the [ marker wadden project ] ( https://www.natuurmonumenten.nl/marker-wadden/english ) is bigger . 
  it 's a project to create an archipelago of islands in the marker meer ( one of the biggest lakes in west europe ) . 
  it 'll create a unique ecosystem and serve as a breedingground for fish and birds . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nt7s1fpeva ), 
  i 'm 22 . 
  i got spanked , by which i mean slapped on the buttcheeks . 
  it really did n't happen that often because i was a good kid . 
  it did n't hurt much , it was the anger and punishment that made me cry . 
  it was n't traumatic but i can see why people are not in favour of it . 
  i suppose you should always be able to teach your kid a lesson without using violence . 
  my last memory of a spanking is of when i was probably 9 or 10 and a friend was over at our house . 
  my mum was annoyed with us for some reason . 
  we probably made too much noise or something . 
  i had a laughing fit and at that same time my mum decided i needed to be punished so she dragged me away from the living room and gave me a good ass whooping . 
  i still could n't stop laughing and it just did n't really hurt enough to affect me at all . 
  so yea that was pretty pointless . 
  my parents were kinda strict but in my eyes never unreasonable . 
  i would say almere or maybe kerkrade or heerlen . . 
  haha well done i was looking for one of those too . 
  wizz air is disgustingly cheap ( also shit to fly with but who cares for those prices ) . 
  i once did a flight from poznan to eindhoven for 15 euros with them !, 
  i do n't think i 've seen a sikh in my city , ever . 
  seems like most film locations of columbo were in california and some in mexico and london . 
  https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/category:film_locations_of_columbo_ ( tv_series ) i 'd ignore falcon crest since it seems they just reused it . 
  the style of the building is very simple . 
  there is n't much detail to go by . 
  honestly this type of building could be found in most of the biggest cities in europe . 
  paris comes to mind the most for me , they have a lot of apartment and hotel buildings with roughly the same height and style . 
  but london is certainly a good possibility too . 
  since they actually filmed in london i 'd focus on that city in your research . 
  i would n't exclude the us from your options either though . 
  and last i 'd not get your hopes up too much because there is a good chance that the building does n't even exist anymore . 
  it is n't really unique by any means so if it was originally built in a high value location it probably has gotten replaced by something bigger and more expensive by this point . 
  my most memorable defeat is the battle of nuremberg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_nuremberg_ ( 2006_fifa_world_cup ) . 
  i 'm still salty about that to this day . . 
  we have a group of 10 in the netherlands in the maashorst . 
  actually i saw them up close just 2 weeks ago . 
  they are pretty handsome . 
  think they have been there for 1 year now . 
  sadly they did n't have any babies yet d ;, 
  i 've traveled a great distance in the australian outback , a lot of which is considered a desert . 
  it 's absolutely stunning . 
  beautiful place to drive and hike around . 
  i was there during winter for 3 months so it actually rained a couple of times and i 've seen dry riverbeds change into fast flowing streams . 
  after about 2-2 ,5 months all the shrubs and weird spiky plants came to life and there were flowers everywhere . 
  the majority of the outback is very rocky and dusty with plenty of vegetation so not quite like the sahara i suppose . 
  there are a few sandy hill deserts in australia too like the simpson desert but they are extremely isolated and not easy to reach . 
  sadly did n't get to visit one . 
  out there the vastness is real . 
  i stayed mostly on the sealed roads because i did n't have a car with 4wd but even on those roads you can drive almost 200 km without a single town or gas station . 
  i stayed for a long time in the town of alice springs which is pretty much the exact centre of australia . 
  once i moved on i drove 2400 km in 3 days for my next destination and 2000 km of those was through outback with only a handful of towns on the way . 
  i was alone too and that made it even more great to drive there . 
  really recommend everyone to do it once in their life haha . 
  some might say it 's boring but i loved it . 
  did n't mind driving from 6 am till dark one bit . 
  most of them are pretty easy to understand which is convenient . 
  they are not quite as pleasing to the ear as some british accents though . 
  on the other hand there are plenty of british accents that hardly even sound like english anymore ... 
  plenty of kids have a newspaper round some time between age 13 and 16 and plenty of them work 1 or 2 evenings a week in supermarkets from age 15 too . 
  i do n't think it 's `` good '' for them per se though . 
  if a kid wants to make some extra money that 's fine but school comes first and they also need to have a lot of free time . 
  usually they go to school something like 35 hours a week which is not very different from having a full time job and they also have to do homework outside of that time . 
  that 's enough pressure already to put on any person in my opinion . 
  it 's important to have time to enjoy life , even if that means they spend their whole afternoon and evening on reddit :d, 
  first time i had more than one glass of alcohol was when i was 16 . 
  it was with friends and i had a strong desire to fit in so i got absolutely shitfaced , trying just about everything they offered me . 
  got really sick and puked for about 3 hours straight that night and felt terrible for 3 days after . . that was a good life lesson and i did n't drink any alcohol for almost 2 years after that . 
  honestly my stomach starts to hurt long before i get drunk so i 've never gotten to the real drunk stage yet . 
  when i hear about people forgetting what they did the night before it always amazes me that they did n't get sick before it was too late . 
  nowadays i do n't drink very often and when i do it 's exclusively because i 'm with friends . 
  i try to keep alcohol a happy and social thing ( i 'm much happier and more outgoing when i 've had a few drinks ) so i never drink if i 'm in a bad mood or feeling down because i fear it might get me addicted . 
  oost-indisch doof zijn - being east indian deaf ( refering to indonesia ) : means pretending you do n't hear what someone is saying to you . 
   greif sorry , i just ca n't resist . 
  grief *, 
  i 've been to australia and hong kong . 
  comparing leaving our countries is also flawed though . 
  it 's a lot more difficult for someone living in the rural midwest of the us to leave his country compared to someone living in luxembourg . . 
  i 'm just glad it 's not my country wasting the money on these weapons . 
  those missiles usa used on syria last week were already 1.5 m each , i do n't even want to know how much this one costs . . 
  also a lot about the vietnam war and cold war and some about politics around those times including jfk and mlk . 
  you should 've seen the discord when we were trying to decide whether to annex czechia or not . 
  in the strawpoll we had over 200 people that wanted to do it . 
  still managed to prevent it from happening though !, 
  out of curiosity , why did you list trump along with those other ones ? 
  and even say you 're worried about it and angry ? 
  but a few days ago you commented this in this sub :  i 'm going to be down voted to hell for saying this but i voted for trump and i 'd easily do it again . 
  so you just shoot and leave and girls do n't give you a negative review for that ? 
  do n't think i 've ever seen any sign of the eu in my town but it 's not very big . 
  i would say tip more in south europe like spain portugal and greece and less in north europe .
