  have you honestly followed politics at all ? 
  which parties are not acknowledging migration problems ? 
  what reality do you live in ? 
  is it really that hard to understand that there are more solutions than stopping immigration altogether ? 
   human rights is a made up word with d\u00edfferent meanings to everyone [ no ? 
  ] ( http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ )  the constitution can be changed/ignored if the people wish it ? 
  what ? 
  it ca n't be ignored lol . . any functional democratic country has checks and balances to make sure new laws follow the constitution . 
  it can be changed but only with a large majority of votes in the parlement which it will never get if 90 % of the other parties oppose the solution . 
  so sure , technically not impossible but so unrealistic that you may as well call it impossible . 
  have you ever tried arguing with idiots ? 
  you ca n't win . 
  they are some of the most stubborn people and completely ignore any facts or logic you present them . 
  geert wilders has been ` put in his place ' hundreds of times during debates in the parlement here . 
  he just keeps repeating the same impossible things . 
  the only thing the far right does is point out problems , make it seem like they are a 100 times bigger than they are and when asked for solutions they propose completely impossible ones . 
  then when any decent person points out they are unrealistic solutions ( because you know , constitution and human rights and so on ) all the far right does is shout `` see , the political elites do n't want to fix the problems , they are ignoring the people '' . 
  they have been repeating this trick for as long as i can remember . 
  so funny to bash sweden at every given opportunity right ? 
  man they look like mafia . . 
  pizza with ananas is the only type of pizza i like . 
  it 's true though !, 
  do n't jinx it !, 
  that sounds lovely . 
  meh , these threads become useless the second they hit / r/all . 
  just look at the shitstorm of comments that 's been posted in the past hour , 90 % of them are pure cancer . 
  especially about a topic like this , hell even daring to suggest that the us is not superior in everything will get the crowd all worked up . 
  i thought it was a nice idea to show sweden is n't the hellhole that media from the anglosphere have painted it to be . 
  but clearly the sweden bashing meme is still fun for many people . 
  almost everyone holds the opinion that hitler was an awful human being that committed great crimes against humanity . 
  do you expect more balanced opinions about him too ? 
  my point is , no one likes a person with the personality of trump . 
  everything about him is just off putting . 
  his political views do n't even matter anymore . 
  if he was a socialist and acted the way he does people would still think he 's retarded . 
  gee , i wonder why ? 
  could it be because in europe we do n't appreciate when our leaders are compulsive liars that constantly say crap that even a 5 year old can call them out on ? 
  itt : the great balkan banter war, 
  tbh it 's pretty rare for a dutch movie not to have at least one very vivid sex scene in it . 
  mfw they missed an opportunity to make the netherlands orange . . 
  i do n't expect we 'll get invaded by our neighbour again , 
  our preferred ally is water . 
  we 'll just flood our lands so they ca n't take them !, 
  i. . went to a catholic primary school , does that count ? 
  was forced to say a daily prayer for some time in my early life . 
  how much do polish orphans go for these days ? 
  as someone living in noord-brabant i would absolutely welcome our flemish bros into the country . 
  we could even put both brabants together to make the greatest brabant of all time . 
  we would be the biggest province with the most power !, 
  glorious . 
  we could make the belgian roads great again though !, 
  those are top quality ~ ~ drugs ~ ~ flowers , thank you . 
  my bike is not for sharing . 
  paywall : /, 
  it 's not the same . 
  they are guests in iran in this instance . 
  you respect the host 's rules while you are visiting . 
  if a church requires you to go in with covered shoulders and covered legs instead of a miniskirt that 's perfectly reasonable . 
  why not in this case ? 
  iran is n't requesting us to change our countries for them . 
  it 's a pretty good article although they should 've included the possibility of vvd breaking their promise and ending up forming a coalition with pvv and a few other parties such as 50 + . 
  it would also mean that wilders will have to break quite a few of his promises during negotiations but that 's nothing unheard of . 
  noord-brabant , eastern part . 
  european tourists perhaps not so much but asian tourism in those places definitely took a big hit . 
  i 've also had a fair few asian friends ask me whether europe is dangerous now . 
  ah apparently it was going from south-east to north-west so that makes sense because i 'm in the south . 
  usually it 's the other way around . 
  finland ? 
  if you want to raise a family of alcoholics maybe !, 
  snow is really not common these days . 
  we get snow a few times a year at most . 
  in fact pretty much all of that snow in the pictures has already melted by now . 
  finland ? 
  did you leave some of your white stuff behind ? 
  after some research it seems you are correct . 
  they have close connections with europe and are part of the council of europe but indeed have no territory in europe . 
  kazakhstan does have territory in europe which i forgot to mention ( and also does n't seem to appear on that map ) . 
  ehh . . the netherlands has 400 000 turks , 375 000 moroccans , 370 000 indonesians , 370 000 germans and 350 000 surinamese people . 
  [ source ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bevolking_van_nederland ), 
  the thing is , if russia wants to start something in belarus it will probably go down exactly the same way as ukraine . 
  the eu and belarus are n't exactly allies . 
  well i [ called it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5s27a3/romania_to_withdraw_corruption_decree_bbc_news/ddby6fg/ ) hope this is n't the end of it though . 
  would be better to get rid of the whole government now . 
  gender and sexuality are 2 different issues though . 
  this survey was clearly about lgb rights as opposed to transgender rights . 
  if there was a seperate survey about those that would probably show us much lower numbers of acceptance . 
  i do n't care about his opinion , i thought his comment was quite amusing . 
  it 's dumb because of very clearly provably false statements that he made like `` walking health hazards '' and the wild generalisations . 
  still ahead of russia my friend . 
  i hear ya . 
  personally i find some of the negative comments quite amusing . 
  the constructive ones i see as an opportunity to show them another point of view . 
  overal it does n't bother me too much , although i feel a little bit sad for our fellow lgbt members in those countries of less acceptance . 
  this might just be the single most dumbest comment i 've read in this thread . 
  it 's because they do n't have any women , just seamen . 
  tl ; dr : everyone loved the dutch flag so much they were ( indirectly ) inspired by it and used it for their own flags . 
  in the netherlands we do n't celebrate thanksgiving ( that 's only american ) and halloween is very small but growing slightly . 
  on 5 december we celebrate sinterklaas which is a bit similar to santa claus . 
  in the southern part of the country we also have carnaval usually in february which lasts like 5 days .
