  to change name in some east european countries so it was something worth exploiting . 
  as for changing your name in the netherlands : i do n't know the details but i believe it 's not easy to do and it also costs a fair bit of money due to administration fees and such . 
   the name might as well be `` cthulhu r'lyeh wgah ` nagl fhtagn '' hey , that 's a beautiful welsh name !, 
  freedom and equality, 
  it 's not that bad in the netherlands . 
  i 've definitely experienced worse in other countries . 
  could you please go into more detail ? 
  they exist . 
  oh yeah i forgot about that one . 
  in the dutch parlement there is only one party in favour of the death penalty , the sgp . 
  they have 3 out of 150 seats . 
  they are an extremely conservative christian party . 
  they also oppose abortion and gay marriage . 
  so basically they are pro life but also in favour of killing people . . 
  seems like a paradox, 
  hey mate . 
  i 'm a bit late to the party but would like to give some advice anyways . 
  i 'm very glad to see that you are interested in traveling around europe , especially at your age . 
  it will be a very good life experience . 
  i really hope you have a good time even with this busy schedule . 
  regarding your question about money : i think the less you bring the less you will be spending . 
  so it 's probably better to bring less !, 
  when traveling , especially alone , ** always ** make sure you have a 2nd way of obtaining money besides the cash you 're carrying . 
  in case of some emergency you can always use a debit card or credit card to help you pay for things . 
  imagine if you accidently break something , or get a fine from the police . 
  also i want to discourage you from bringing more than 100 euros in cash . 
  it 's very easy for criminals to see that you are a tourist . 
  in big cities , where it 's very crowded there are a lot of pickpocketers . 
  you have to watch your backpack and pockets closely !, 
  they can steal from you without you ever feeling anything . 
  if they end up stealing your wallet it will ruin your holiday and it will be even worse if you had a lot of cash in it . 
  lots of things . 
  if a political party supports any of the following i will never vote for it : * anti gay marriage * anti abortion * wanting to leave eu * ban on islam ( making qurans illegal , closing all mosques , stuff like that ) * undo any changes to battle climate change and generally ignoring the whole subject, 
  i know all the states . 
  i put little to no value into stereotypes , so ca n't really be bothered to go into those . 
  i 'd rather have people from those states tell me things about their states than judge them by what other people say about them . 
  i ca n't remember my parents ever telling me off for swearing . 
  i never sweared much though , only in situations of frustration . 
  my mum always sweared when she was angry or frustrated , even when we were kids . 
  that looks awesome !, 
  do n't mind his comment , this subreddit has had a good few similarish threads lately that were aimed to troll . 
  all coming from supposed `` americans '' , pretending to be ignorant and/or misinformed . 
  trust me he 's nothing new after you 've endured geert wilders in politics for over a decade . 
  that one time when belgium decided they no longer wanted to be part of the netherlands , but we secretly did n't care cause they were poor . 
  jokes aside i ca n't really think of anything . . 
  i think all the big media topics get boring . 
  eg syria war , refugee crisis , economical crisis . . 
  i use debit cards most of the time , sometimes cash . 
  they are just people with jobs like everyone else afaik . 
  by taking control over the [ entire world ] ( http://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/674328/screen_shot_2014-06-23_at_5.07.38_pm2.0.png ) ( except thailand . . and a few other countries ), 
  in small parts of the netherlands we celebrate three kings ' day . 
  from what i 've read it 's mostly around den bosch and tilburg . 
  when i was in elementary school ( late 90s ) we used to go around the neighbourhood with lanterns and sing this song :  drie koooningen , drie koooningen , geef mij nen nieuwen ( h ) oed . 
  i do n't have a lot of memory of it so we probably did n't do it every year . 
  i guess we usually got some candy from people as a reward . 
  my school was a catholic elementary school btw . 
  it 's one of those traditions that 's slowly dying out completely . 
  actually we do , but it 's very uncommon . 
  only celebrated in small parts of the netherlands . 
  [ a quick google search ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/insurance/travel/8615933/what-does-my-ehic-entitle-me-to.html )  in france , even if you have an ehic card and travel insurance , you must pay a doctor or dentist upfront and then claim it back . 
  the doctor then will fill out a treatment form ( feuille de soins ) and a prescription if necessary . 
  the treatment form is necessary to claim any refunds . 
  you can claim back around 70pc of the standard treatment cost . 
  the standard rate for a consultation with a general practitioner is $ 21 and $ 25 for a consultation with a specialist . 
  if you have travel insurance you can claim back the rest from your provider . 
  edit : the article is from 2011 so things may have changed since then . 
  i 've found the sub to be mostly left wing , inclusive and reasonable so far during the short time i 've been here . 
  if you compare it to other media such as newswebsites , facebook or youtube comments this is pretty much left wing heaven . 
  i 'll probably never have the experience of being judged for my skin colour so i can only say i 'm sorry for what you may have to endure . 
  however , the only solution i see for you ( especially when it comes to online platforms ) is to ignore it and prove people wrong by being the better person . 
  just know that for every racist jerk out there , there are also a lot of people that judge people on their actions , not their skin colour . 
  interesting , did n't know that . 
  maybe . . dick ? 
  hahahaha , ok i 'll leave now . 
  but this is a silly question =p, 
  because we have so many different minimum wages for different hours per week and for ages 15-23 , here 's a [ table ] ( http://puu.sh/tafjo.png ) . 
  it shows wage per hour . 
  sales tax is normally 21 % sales tax is 6 % for : * food * water * farm goods * medicine and related goods * books * art * some services such as house repairs , painting , transport of people etc. 
  i do n't think there are any countries in europe with different tax rates per region . 
  generally tax rates are a countrywide thing . 
  another difference with the usa is that in stores the pricetags includes sales tax so you do n't really take notice of how much is added to the price ( you can see it on the receit but i do n't think anyone cares ) . 
  i would like to add that in my experience portugal is a very hospitable country with excellent food and a general good vibe to it . 
  i 've heard good things about lisbon . 
  seems fairly cheap for a capital city and matches your requirement of warm temperatures . 
  north : terschelling , netherlands west : gran canaria , spain south : cape otway , australia east : byron bay , australia edit : interestingly all of these are islands ( if you count australia as one ) . 
  also funny how i 've never been further north than my own country . 
  guess i 'm not particularly fond of low temperatures . 
  that video is golden . 
  well i suppose it may have something to do with our cultures being very similar . 
  same can be said for austria and denmark . 
  germany being the biggest of those countries is the one that an uneducated foreigner might know most about . 
  they sometimes assume that all of our countries are basically the same . 
  that way we all kind of live in the shade of germany another reason would be because language and nationality of the netherlands is called dutch in english , inconveniently close to the german word deutsch which almost everyone knows for some reason . 
  this often leads people to think that when i say i 'm dutch , that means i 'm from germany ( i 've most frequently experienced this with asians ) . 
  people also think the dutch language sounds a lot like german , therefore if they do n't know it 's dutch , it must be german . 
  i guess because it happens so frequently it hurts our pride because after all , the netherlands is an * actual * country which people should know about . 
  again let me just add that i do n't actually get offended or anything , i do n't really mind . 
  usually people that confuse me for german are very interested in learning more about my actual country . 
  offended ? 
  no way .
