  while shopping i certainly had a say in what i wanted too from a very young age . 
  i was n't a very picky child though so my mum probably came up with most of my clothing choices until my preteens . 
   fix their own food ? 
  when i was in elementary school ( up to age 12 here ) we always had lunch and breakfast together with the table set . 
  it is tradition to eat sandwiches for both of those meals here in the netherlands . 
  so we naturally decided and prepared our own sandwiches . 
  look up dutch sandwich toppings to get an idea of what we eat . 
   play outside alone ? 
  from age 5 or 6 i 'd be allowed to play in the playground in our street alone ( although naturally i 'd be there with siblings or friends ) . 
  as i aged our allowed exploring area grew so i guess after a few years the whole neighbourhood was allowed territory . 
  then after that everything up to the railroad and motorway on another end . 
  maybe age 9-10 for the entire town . 
  after age 12 it was basically go wherever the fuck you want . 
   visit a friend 's house alone ? 
  i do n't know about the us but here elementary schools are generally within 10 minutes cycling distance max . 
  so all my friends were living 10 minutes away . 
  pretty sure i was fine to go there alone at age 6-7ish . 
   go to the shops alone ? 
  my parents had me running errands from an early age so probably age 7 . 
  same thing as schools applies , always shops in < 10 minute distance . 
  i usually walked there . 
   ride transit ? 
  i 'm not sure , transit just was n't needed in my early life . 
  the only times i used transit below age 12 was a bus to the nearby city to shop for clothes . 
  my mum was always with me those times . 
   go to a friends house/the shops without asking ? 
  well i think it 's respectful to always let your parents know where you are . 
  so i guess in elementary school , up to maybe age 10 i asked ( but the answer was always yes , so it was kind of an obsolete question ) . 
  after that it just turned into letting them know . 
   be in a relationship ? 
  be in a physically intimate relationship ? 
  was always allowed to be in a relationship . 
  i had a girlfriend from age 6 to 11 . 
  i was very dedicated , lol . 
  never been in a relationship since so i never discussed the latter with my parents . 
  would n't have told them anyways to be honest . 
   in school : leave campus for lunch ? 
  in elementary school generally kids eat lunch at home . 
  if their parents both work then they eat home brought lunch in school . 
  they are n't allowed to leave the school property then . 
  my highschool allowed kids to leave the school property during lunch once they were 16 . 
  the lunch culture here is very sober compared to other countries . 
   go to the bathroom without asking ? 
  in school this was never allowed without asking . 
   general freedom of movement ? 
  my highschool ( highschool is age 12-18 here btw ) had a special thing called [ dalton plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dalton_plan ) . 
  it meant we got 2 hours a day which we were free to allocate to whatever we wanted to study . 
  basically everyone had a list of all classrooms with a teacher in it during that hour and you were allowed to go to whichever one you wanted . 
  you were only allowed to stay in one classroom during that hour and study or do homework or ask questions . 
  at the end of each hour you got a stamp to prove you were around . 
   do you feel children in your culture are given a shorter or a longer leash than others ? 
  i think children in the netherlands are probably one of the most free in the world . 
  we do n't like helicopter parenting at all . 
  one big advantage we have is our bicycling culture . 
  it allows our kids a lot of space to move while still being safe . 
  every driver is a cyclist theirselves so they know to be careful around them , especially kids . 
  people from eritrea are almost always refugees . 
  that country is fucked up man . . 
  i ca n't be bothered to watch , did anything new happen for them to cover it again or are they just rehashing old news ? 
  apparently some people itt are taking this as a jab at europe which i do n't think it is . 
  it 's a valid question . 
  the truth is , i really do n't understand what drives people to start smoking . 
  i get why they keep doing it , that 's just addiction . 
  when i was in school i had some friends that smoked and i have to admit i kind of liked having an excuse to be outside during breaks and get some fresh air . 
  none of them ever encouraged me to start smoking or thought it was cool to do . 
  i just always thought there are so many downsides to smoking that whatever it makes you feel can never be worth it . 
  that 's why i never bothered to even try . 
  i guess it 's just curiosity for some people that gets the best of them . 
  my younger brother smoked . 
  i think he was around 14 when he started . 
  he `` hid '' it for a long time but it was so obvious from the smell of his clothes . 
  i figured he wanted to be cool or something but i never knew any people that genuinely thought it was a cool thing to do . 
  i guess a difference might be that people do n't look down on you as much here for smoking , compared to in the states . 
  your friends will probably call you stupid for it but they will probably still join you outside if you ask . 
  everyone that smokes knows it 's a stupid thing to do . 
  people also like to mind their own business , so unless smoking really bothers you physically you probably wo n't go ahead and complain about it . 
  as for the rules , you are n't allowed to smoke in public buildings . 
  some restaurants and clubs might have an enclosed space for people to have a smoke in . 
  train stations have a small smoking area which is outside in the open air , although there may be a roof above . 
  what you do in your own home is your own decision . 
  it 's generally not socially acceptable to smoke inside as a guest in someone 's home . 
  i 'm not aware of any limitations of smoking around minors though . 
  i think he 's talking about a news item from a few months ago : https://www.trouw.nl/home/moskou-in-de-ban-van-renovatie-~a7625937/ https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2017/05/14/tienduizenden-russen-protesteren-tegen-sloop-a1558591 i remember the nos did an item where a lady showed her recently renovated apartment that she bought only a few years ago . 
  she had spent a lot of time and effort to make it her new home and it looked pretty nice . 
  but now her building is one of the many buildings that will be demolished . 
  i think the item you are refering to was a result of protests in moscow a while ago . 
  that building project caused quite a bit of controversy because those citizens really did n't want to move out and it kind of came out of nowhere . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.nu.nl/buitenland/4727748/duizenden-protesteren-woningplan-moskou.html ) dutch article millions of people will have to move as a result . 
  they are afraid that new accomodation will be of poor quality and not be as accesible as before . 
  apparently 60000 people protested on the 14th of may , so it was quite a significant event . 
  i kind of like the ohio one, 
  well so far the fastest i 've managed to do it was 100 % in 1:14, 
  mostly self taught , i did n't learn the states in geography classes but we did major cities , water bodies and mountain ranges instead . 
  the quiz i used to learn them just requires typing them out so i tend to mix up some states when trying to point out the location :p, 
  hey it 's me your prince of orl\u00e9ans ' ~ ~ daughter ~ ~ son . 
  i suppose since you 're fabulous you wo n't mind either way . 
  that 's funny , i saw them for the first time in australia . 
  have n't been to any mcd in my own country since returning though so i suppose maybe most have them too now . 
  nah social democrats are kind of dying out here in the netherlands . 
  i do n't think that would be the main problem though .
