  should he fear islam as an ideology and muslims in general to the extent which he does ? 
  he seems to think muslims are going to take over our society and implement shakira law and force all of us to convert or become 2nd class citizens . 
  he also seems to think everyone is out there to get him . 
  these things are debatable . 
  personally i think some of the statements paul wilders made in the interview are a bit distasteful . 
  but then again , he did n't choose to have a geert wilders as his brother and he did still receive the blame for it . 
  no wonder he wants to distance himself from things geert said ( and got threats from pvv supporters after doing so ) . 
  anyways i 'll just leave it at this . 
  well yea he was scared of islam and muslims before he got death threats . 
  that 's his point . 
  paul wilders thinks part of that was/is irrational fear so he says his brother is paranoid . 
  you 're missing my point anyways . 
  he was and is paranoid . 
  that has nothing to do with getting security , which was because of death threats . 
  nowhere is paul wilders implying that the security is unneeded . 
  i 'm not agreeing/disagreeing with what he said . 
  i 'm merely correcting your statement , which was implying wilders ' brother said something that he did n't . 
  the security is the cause of him becoming even more paranoid ( according to paul wilders ) , he 's not paranoid for getting security after death threats . 
  i think paul wilders is implying that his brother was already scared of islam and muslims because of his experiences with moroccans and turks in his neighbourhood and with palestines in israel . 
  and also the incident in iran he refers to . 
  before he actually received death threats . 
  hence his use of the word paranoid ( and ** more ** paranoid after getting security ), 
   i would n't describe someone who gets constant death threats getting security as `` paranoid '' that 's not even what it says . . 
  it says because he needs security all the time , he becomes even more paranoid . 
  he 's more paranoid because of the life with constant security and the consequences of that . 
  well put . 
  i would also like to add that in the countries that have already come a long way with lgbt rights it has often become a bit of a tradition . 
  it 's an event , something for likeminded people to celebrate . 
  a source of entertainment for people , regardless of sexuality . 
  in amsterdam it 's one of the biggest annual events . 
  it 's completely fine not to like it . 
  i do n't think i will attend one any time soon because it 's not my cup of tea . 
  however that does n't delegimitise its existence . 
  a few years ago i watched a stage of tour de france that was taking place in the netherlands . 
  plenty of people hate cycling and probably think it 's annoying that roads get blocked for it . 
  but for the people that enjoy it it 's a great event . 
  that 's just life . 
  you get some things that you like and probably a whole lot more that you do n't . 
  whoa whoa , this is not acceptable !, 
  illegal dust crossing our borders , looking for a better life and free water so they can grow plants ? 
  these dust particles are n't even the same colour as our own dust !, 
  yellowish dust will never fit in our society . 
  own dust first !, 
   ~ ~ islamic ~ ~ religious schools are not a good idea completely agree with you there , religion has no place in our education . 
   also , we need to find a way to break up or prevent these groups of people from living together . 
  agree with this too but that 's very difficult to fix . 
  i believe that there are projects to house new immigrants together with students , so that may be good . 
  how is telling people to look at theirselves going to solve anything ? 
  what are your solutions for getting kids with a migration background on par with native dutch kids ? 
  or are you just going to blame it on their culture ? 
  they usually get rejected though . 
  just because we shelter them while they wait for their application to be processed does n't mean we are accepting their immigration . 
  the only people from those countries that get accepted are religious and sexual minorities if their life is at risk . 
  i 'm not proposing to give them more money . 
  i would like to see more projects to help youth in poor neighbourhoods get jobs . 
  not just temporary jobs but ones that they can build a future with . 
  you ca n't deny the racism that takes place from employers . 
  people do n't get a chance because of their foreign name . 
  we also need to ensure they stay interested in education . 
  kids that drop out of schools must never be left alone . 
  have you ever been looking for a job without anything else to do ? 
  it 's extremely depressing . 
  most of your applications get completely ignored . 
  for a lot of people it is hard to stay motivated after getting many rejections . 
  but yes , we also need to fight crime harder . 
  we need more police officers and they need more resources to work with . 
  perhaps there is a hole in politics there . 
  just like there do n't seem to be any right wing parties that really want to fight climate change . 
  but i think there is still a majority among the left wing voters that , like myself , want to help people fleeing from war . 
   treat the problem at its root by not invading backwards shitholes and by giving aid to african countries ? 
  it 's funny you mention that . 
  it 's always the right wing parties that want to lower development aid and that are most willing to go to war . 
  most right wing parties here want to either stop immigration from those countries or make it extremely low ( couple thousands a year at most ) . 
  so politics seems to reflect it pretty well in the netherlands at least . 
  can you show me any stats about mena immigration to the uk ? 
  cause it 's pretty damn hard for illegals to get there already . 
  so who are they letting in ? 
  the entire left downplays the problem according to you , so vote for a right wing party . 
  there should be plenty of options . 
  that does sound like a good solution to me actually . 
  if you do n't have to live in poverty with no clear way out and no future you might be less inclined to steal . 
  the left believes in looking at the root of the problems and trying to fix that . 
  the only thing the right wing wants to do is punish offenders harder . 
  that works real well in the united states right ? 
  now that 's what i call ignoring the problem . 
  it can only make the divide bigger . 
  we have a lot of moroccan ( that 's the english spelling btw fyi ) and turkish kids that are more likely to get involved in crime . 
  that 's the reality we have to deal with . 
  so let 's work to fix that . 
  prevention instead of reaction . 
  it 's already ` limited ' . 
  what else do we have the turkey deal for ? 
  the eu is working on a deal with libya as well . 
  i do n't know of any politician that openly fights for completely unlimited immigration . 
  it 's completely fine to be unhappy with what our governments have done to fight the immigration problem but to say they are not acknowledging its existence is just plain false . 
  that 's my biggest problem with the far right . 
  they keep saying that everyone else is ignoring the problem . 
  that nothing is being done . 
  that their solution is the only way to fix it . 
  all complete bullshit .
