  i 'm almost certain it would get used to bully me . 
  in university it 's completely different , i felt very safe to be myself there . 
  i 'm also not afraid that kissing or holding hands with another man in public would result in harrasment . 
  however , when i worked in garbage collection for a few years it was not like that . 
  a lot of people there are poorly educated ( highschool dropouts etc ) and they can be pretty close minded about lgbt issues . 
  after one of my colleagues told me about a former colleague who was `` very strange , and gay '' i decided it might be a good idea not to be to open about myself . 
  later when a man was found out to do crossdressing in his spare time he got shat on for weeks . 
  luckily i did n't have to lie about whether i thought a woman was attractive or not ( a common topic ) but if i was gay it would 've caused pretty uncomfortable situations . 
  basically , what a lot of dutch people think is `` what you do in your bedroom is your own business and you are free to do it '' but at the same time they still feel the need to have an opinion about it , without really thinking whether it may be offensive or not . 
  `` oh so you are gay , that 's fine , power to you ! '', 
  `` it 's pretty gross that you have sex with men though '', 
  yep completely agree with you . 
  another 4 years of completely ignoring climate change and giving multinationals tax breaks . 
  makes me kind of ashamed of my country really . 
  i was n't sure whether to vote d66 or gl for a long time but in the end decided that i do n't trust d66 to make a progressive change as junior partner of a vvd cabinet . 
  thanks !, 
  as you can [ see ] ( https://puu.sh/ugkas.png ) the user interface in the top right of the page overlaps with the header & list of subscribed subreddits . 
  i only experience that problem in this sub because most have that interface a bit lower . 
  please fix ? 
  this sounds kind of disappointing , i thought it would be more like hunger games where only one person can survive !, 
  runescape helped me so much . 
  we started learning english at like age 10 or something . 
  i played runescape from age 11 but did n't really understand anything . 
  it was hard . 
  quit the game for years and picked it back up when i was 14 . 
  my english grades were pretty shit at the time but within 1 year i was at the top of my class . 
  i was playing like 5 hours a day at the time , 10 hours in weekends . 
  eventually graduated highschool with the highest marks of the whole school lol . 
   also even tough turkey be a super democratic , super human rights country ; mindset of some europeans will never change towards it too . 
  again historic reasons or the fear/antipathy of the different will block the coordination and acceptance . 
  it is not an easy thing to change mindset of europe , too . 
  turkey will always be `` no europe '' for majority of people of europe . 
  i think you are underestimating people 's ability to forget history . 
  if turkey really changed and we give it say , 30-50 years i do n't think the relations will be as you described . 
  remember west europe has been in constant war with eachother for some 2000 years and look how well everyone gets along now . 
  trust me when i say germany 's neighbouring countries were pretty pissed at them for years after ww2 . 
  but that 's in the past now . 
  i think a democratic and functional turkey with human rights on par with west europe and a changed mindset could easily surpass east and central european countries in economic succes . 
  i think the country has huge potential . 
  there are already a lot of turks in west europe . 
  no one minds the turks that are pretty secular or atheist . 
  actually i think with the old mindset of erdogan gone all of turkey will be a lot more secular anyways . 
  islam can go in the same direction as christianity when it 's not controlled by conservative religious leaders like it is now . 
  i would definitely stop and wait . 
  on a bicycle i would not wait though . 
  i used to cycle to work every day at 6 am and have to pass like 6 traffic lights . 
  not going to wait for those with no one around . 
  i feel like if i do something stupid while cycling it 's probably just going to end up hurting myself . 
  if i do something stupid while driving a car , it might be pretty dangerous to others . 
  so while driving i will always follow the rules perfectly . 
  my province has 490/km ^ 2 as density . 
  not so bad compared to south holland at ~ ~ 1207/km ^ 2 ~ ~ 1300/km ^ 2 though !, 
  e : wiki page i used was horribly outdated . 
  the electricity stopped working for like an hour a few months ago , so naturally the internet and phone did n't work either during that time . 
  412/km ^ 2 here yeah ... ... 
  oh no . . the germans will come to steal our bikes again once they realise it 's the superior apocalypse transportation mode :(, 
  i 'll gather as much information about farming food as possible first . 
  then i will head for the closest green house complex that also has a natural water source easily available . 
  if the owner is still around i will befriend him . 
  i will work on creating a strong defensive barrier around our area so no people sneak in to steal food . 
  i will also make sure we have plenty of melee weapons and maybe some guns . 
  not really sure where to get guns though so yeah . . 
  i would n't change it . 
  it 's an important part of our cultural history . 
  that 's a very broad question . 
  africa is an extremely big continent with huge diversity . 
  there is a lot of interesting history and culture there . 
  some of it is very bad , much like european history . 
  i really wish we would do more to increase the quality of life there . 
  it 's sad to have such a large part of humanity living in poor conditions and so vulnerable for war . 
  i 'm very worried about what 's to come for africa with climate change happening . 
  it will hit that continent the hardest . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
   both things it says on my passport . 
  kingdom of denmark and european union . 
  * checks passport * wow it does say that . 
  i thought it would just be a symbol of the eu somewhere hidden but it even has european union right above kingdom of the netherlands for me . 
  i think forbidding reposts would be too strict because it would n't allow for people with a new motive or arguement to join in the discussion . 
  i think a faq would filter out the people that are looking for a simple answer rather than an actual discussion . 
  i guess this thread is kind of ironic then . 
  i personally think repeated questions are not by definition useless but certain questions that play on political trends just get so annoying . 
  it kind of makes this sub less fun to read . 
  it is n't really . 
  i do n't think there are any parties that do n't want to make exceptions for skilled workers that will definitely contribute to the economy . 
  besides , i said ` to some extent ' for a reason . 
  right wing parties always want to limit immigration . 
  how limited they want it to be indeed depends on the party . 
  well yeah , that 's because right wing parties have dominated our government for the past 15 years . 
  the current government is a coalition of labor and the conservative liberal party and labor is projected to lose like 80 % of their votes due to the government having done too much right wing policies . 
  their voter base is pissed . 
  i think left and right wing is different for a lot of countries , even within europe . 
  but the republican right wing as we see it in the us is only comparable to the most extreme conservative christian party here who have something like < 2 % of the votes . 
  right wing parties want a small government control ( privatise as much as possible ) . 
  they want companies to have as much freedom to operate as possible . 
  they are usually somewhat socially conservative . 
  usually opposed to immigration to some extent . 
  i think they also tend to value freedom over equality . 
  yes she 's in the dutch version of the pirate party . 
  she has a decent chance of gaining a seat in the upcoming elections . 
  she 's never been member of the parlement so i 'm not sure if she 's any good as a politician .
