  far right = / = anti lgbt & anti jew maybe it is in the united states but certainly not in the netherlands . 
  pvv actually advocates gay rights and their leader geert wilders loves israel . 
  and lets be honest , it 's no secret that a majority of the muslims have pretty backwards views when it comes to homosexuality and jews . 
  people are afraid of that and the far-right uses that fear to gain votes . 
  we could get some tonight i think, 
  they could do a plot where the mediterranean sea freezes over . 
  that would potentially cause quite some problems . . 
  i 've seen that one , it 's pretty great !, 
   a lot of socialization around here seems to happen around alcohol and partying of some sort . 
  as a non-drinker i find this quite annoying . 
  at home , people hang out at cafe 's and things where i find it 's easier to talk etc. 
  i can see where you 're coming from , it 's especially evident in the western university culture . 
  it does n't apply to everyone though , i 'm sure there are plenty of people doing social activities that do n't involve alcohol at all . 
   what is this shit that you guys call ` indian food ' ? 
  :p it 's kind of similar of how for example dominos pizzas are not representive of italian food . 
  foreign dishes get dumbed down , made more simple and changed to appeal to the local culture . 
  europeans ( especially west and north ) are not really used to spices and what you consider a very boring meal would be great for us . 
  i do n't know any romanians personally so i do n't feel like i can make a judgement of their entire population lol . 
  1 ) netherlands . 
  true : i 'm tall , have blonde hair and blue eyes ( whoa giving out a lot of information here ) . 
  i 'm pretty tight about my money . 
  cycling is the best form of transportation . 
  false : i do n't use drugs , in fact never even tried weed . 
  prostitution is not a big thing here at all . 
  amsterdam is basically a tourist trap . 
  wooden shoes ? 
  no just no ... tulips only get produced in a small part of the netherlands . 
  2 ) kinda . 
  not a huge fan of it , because generalisation . 
  if someone breaks the law `` in name of islam '' they should obviously be arrested . 
  3 ) sorry 4 ) cheese . 
  and try a dutch breakfast/lunch the way most people eat it . 
  tourists should try cycling ( the cycling infrastructure is the best in the world ) and visit some local cities ( nijmegen , maastricht , den bosch , breda ) 5 ) delicious food , good at it and funny accent . 
  that said , the indian population here is not very big afaik . 
  6 ) ajax, 
  netherlands . 
  how to plan out every squared metre of your country perfectly . 
  how to steal land from the sea . 
  how to complain about everything but still manage to be one of the happiest countries on earth . 
  how to tell people your ** real ** opinion and probably offend them in the proces . 
  one of the most fun games i 've seen in my life . 
  i just loved to see brazil lose ... 
  it could be done faster and more effectively but otherwise good . 
  that 's a really tough question honestly . 
  generally i do n't think electing one person for such a diverse group of countries would ever work . 
  it is a real threat but i do n't think they will take over france or germany . 
  i do think they will win in the netherlands . 
  personally ? 
  i think you mean europe , as the eu is an organisation that plenty of other european countries are n't even part of . 
  i do see turkey is part of europe . 
  if your question is whether they will be part of the eu then my answer is no . 
  i do n't see that happen for at least 30 more years . 
   most underrated footballer in your country ? 
  this is really hard because most of them are actually way overrated . 
  the dutch football team is absolute shit right now ( and has been for more than 2 years ) . 
  maybe bas dost , i think he plays in portugal now and is doing pretty well . 
   also , do you support any foriegn clubs or just your local one ? 
  i actually do n't support my local team , and also not the biggest team in my province . 
  i support ajax . 
  i do n't really pay attention to leagues other than the dutch one but in european competition i like bayern m\u00fcnchen . 
  skilled labourers are always welcome . 
  the one thing i would ask of them is to learn the language and integrate into the dutch society . 
  someone that already speaks fluent dutch is more interesting for a dutch company to hire in most cases . 
  so the only jobs they take are jobs that the dutch ca n't fill up by themselves . 
  most countries in europe have pretty strict gunlaws . 
  most of the population does n't own any guns . 
  i have never hunted , it 's not a popular activity here . 
  i believe in my country most hunted animals are geese , rabbits and ducks . 
  i think it 's only allowed to hunt animals of which there are too many . 
  i suppose by contract you mean the person another person gets to marry with ? 
  we do n't have arranged marriage here , it is frowned upon . 
  parents might not agree with a person their child wants to marry with but ultimately if both people are of age ( 18 + ) they do n't have any say in it by law . 
  some women and men look at how wealthy someone is . 
  it 's not socially acceptable to marry someone just for their wealth ( gold digger ) . 
  however , generally people end up with someone that is similar in terms of education and job perspectives . 
  unbalanced relationships are more difficult to maintain . 
  most importantly , people get married because they have fallen in love with eachother . 
  any other reason to marry is taboo . 
  plenty of women work in high paying jobs . 
  effectively women have the same job perspective as man , if they are equally educated . 
  however there is a so called `` pay gap '' in the netherlands . 
  the main reason is because woman prefer to work less ( part time jobs ) so they have more time for social life . 
  accomplishing happiness is seen as more important than a good career . 
  [ interesting article ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/05/economist-explains-12 ) [ another one comparing dutch to american woman work ethic ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2010/11/going_dutch.html ) 3 . 
  i do n't know , perhaps by some . 
  i do n't think it 's good to compare the current situation to the situation just before ww2 too much though . 
   and is there an illegal army that is spreading through out eu to prevent other states to exit the union like england ? 
  o ________________________ o, 
  netherlands has 2 official languages : dutch and frysian . 
  everyone can speak dutch . 
  we have different dialects every other 10 km or so though . 
  some of them are easy to understand , some not so much ( i 'm talking about you , limburg ) . 
  generally there is no language barrier within the country , even for foreigners visiting . 
  netherlands has a very high fluency rate for english . 
  it 's because they are surrounded by superior countries such as netherlands , norway and finland . 
  they are fighting to be `` best of the worst '' ;-) kidding , i love those guys . 
  it definitely feels like driving through different countries . 
  languages change , signs change , landscapes change . 
  quality of roads varies ( going from netherlands to belgium makes a world of difference ) . 
  another noticable change is the license plates on cars .
