  source : am dutch, 
  australia has a pretty fucked up mining industry in general . 
  have you ever been to coober pedy ? 
  [ this is what its surroundings look like ] ( https://austravelphotography.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/coober-pedy-mines.jpg ) . 
  then there 's also a lot of [ this ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/4582010-3x2-940x627.jpg ) all over the country . 
  does n't help that australia is basically one big pile of resources up for the taking . 
  of course your governments force the mining companies to restore the damage they have done after the mines are out of use . 
  the problem is they can simply put a guy in a digger moving sand around every day for the rest of his life and say the mine is still in use . 
  it 's a lot cheaper than restoring the area ... 
  [ this ] ( http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5075/5851384245_085553b720_b.jpg ) is a beech . 
  still lovely to have near you but i think you mean beach , 
  only 3 . 
  haha you are a bad person man . 
  but it 's never too soon for me so i guess that makes two of us . 
  i 'm sure [ this version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z2zx_oabsy ) will ease your mind then, 
  [ this ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/77216743.jpg ) is what it looks like from the front . 
  actually that 's an old picture because it 's been 3 lanes on each side for quite a while now . 
  that 's the one at between boxtel and best . 
  there 's also one near loon op zand crossing the road between tilburg and waalwijk where the efteling is . 
  that one is very new though and i ca n't find any pictures from above of it . 
  never knew denmark was responsible for that . 
  / r/europe mods are going to have another field day with this thread :d, 
  haha i 'm sure there are people stupid enough to defend him yeah . 
  he was clearly going for the ball , there was just a player in the way / s, 
  i truly do n't understand why this gets brought up as some kind of stab at macron ? 
  his wife is like 20 years older , so what ? 
  i really do n't see any issue in that . 
  it 's as stupid to make an issue of that as the russian propaganda about him being gay lol . 
  90 % of the upvotes come from / r/all, 
  and my point is that we are already doing that . 
  there 's nothing new about taking in all gay refugees . 
  there 's still a complicated procedure they have to go through and they have to convince the authorities that they are indeed gay during their application proces . 
  the only difference between this situation and before is that some governments have made statements that they are accepting those kinds of refugees to make them more aware of it . 
  gay refugees from dozens of countries in africa and the middle east have already gotten asylum in my country and other west european countries for years . 
  if you can prove your country is unsafe then you can get asylum . 
  there 's absolutely nothing new about this . 
  so where are those 2 million gay refugees you speak of ? 
  i would assume after , but i reckon the question asked in those polls was just slightly different . 
  i think it had spain at 90 % that time . 
  it seems to be the most likely option but the d66 leader has said yesterday that he does n't want to form a government with cu . 
  personally i think new elections will be more likely but it 's going to drag on for a few more months probably . 
  move now mate , no one will miss you . 
  i will happily continue living in my sharia no go zone town where i ca n't go outside without being robbed and raped / s, 
  it really was n't, 
  who 's voting uk lol they do n't belong in top 10 even . . 
  going to have to wait another year, 
  [ romania in the end ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ift5dy7qmk ), 
  jb is canadian though, 
  i hope you have some booze handy !, 
  sorted by best comments this is like the 5th comment complaining about negative comments/stuff about people getting triggered by hijab and so on . 
  have n't seen a single one of those actual comments yet . 
  also i 'm sure there 's going to be plenty of rubbish comments when i sort on `` new '' but this thread is featured on / r/all so it says absolutely nothing about the people that regularly hang out on this sub . 
  wow that song just kept on giving . . that 's the most amazing thing i 've seen in months !, 
  i know right !, 
  i was going to say damn that kid is well dressed . 
  yep, 
  ah her , she 's on dutch tv pretty often . 
  haha that 's just perfect !, 
  in my opinion there should be limits to freedom including freedom of speech and freedom of democracy . 
  there is a point where these freedoms clash with other important values such as the right to live and safety . 
  this is where we decide which one is more important . 
  in this case i prefer if the eu does not cooperate in implementing the death penalty in any country . 
  just like i prefer if we do not allow for people to call for violence against other groups of people . 
  the dutch and austrian governments have said the same thing . 
  seems good to me . 
  we do n't allow the death penalty in the eu so we should n't help any country implement it either . 
  i counted all of todays foreign news stories of our biggest public broadcaster : us - 5 news stories syria , india , switzerland , turkey , kenya , italy , slovakia , zimbabwe , north korea , sweden , nepal , morocco , iran , libya , brazil , canada , japan , uk , germany - all 1 news story so i guess us wins . 
  pretty amazing how many different countries managed to have 1 story each though . 
  this is such a random question lol, 
  greece . 
  awesome weather , nice mountains , nice beaches and islands . 
  enough space for all of our people . 
  yes naturally . 
  there will be plenty of options to learn the new language . 
  to answer your question : yes plenty of parts of the wall have been preserved and for the parts that are gone you can still see the outlines . 
   germans and their inability to integrate in other countries . 
  wow really ? 
  they are nothing like that here . 
  they are better at learning our language than any other immigrant population i know of . 
  always do really well in our society and are easy to get along with . 
  1 ) in west europe you will be hard pressed to find people that think trump is a competent leader . 
  if he were to run for pm in my country with one of the established parties like the far right wing pvv he might get something like 10 % of the votes . 
  although he might fail to even do that because i do n't think anyone here would see a billionaire businessman as ` anti-establishment ' like people in the states did . 
  there are some countries in which trump is a lot more popular than obama though , namely : saudi arabia , uae , israel and russia . 
  make of that what you will  2 ) i 'm not sure guardian is the right word but some countries certainly look to america for protection , especially when it comes to the russia threat . 
  the baltic states and poland certainly encourage american military influence in their region . 
  they do n't want to get ukrained . 
  that said , part of their population and a much larger part in western countries are not happy with american power projection at all . 
  especially when it comes to conflicts in the middle east , many people feel they were handled the wrong way . 
  we are also paying the price by having to take care of the many refugees those conflicts caused . 
  3 ) kim jong-il is not a threat in my opinion . 
  yes we would all prefer if he did not have nuclear weapons but as long as no one does anything stupid the conflict will never escalate into a war . 
  some people seem convinced that he is an unhinged lunatic but the opposite is true . 
  he is not stupid , he 's just trying to make sure he stays in power and that his country can continue doing what it has done for the past 60 years . 
  the only way to deal with him is by imposing sanctions whenever he goes too far and when things cool down a bit negotiate some terms to remove those sanctions . 
  then repeat the same situation again . 
  north korea will never have the ability to destroy the states . 
  before they could destroy even 1 % of it their whole country would be bombed to the ground with support of china and russia . 
  the only way this situation escalates is if trump starts military action by himself . 
  if he 's the one starting a war then he will have no support of russia and china and it will be a bloodbath .
