   i wonder if an eu alliance would keep member states from slipping into russian influence better or worse than nato . 
  let me start by saying that the power of russia gets grossly overestimated . 
  they are a poor shithole with an economy that depends on natural resources and has completely gone down the drain after sanctions . 
  an eu alliance would be strong enough to make them think twice before getting involved in eu states . 
  that 's all we need . 
  there 's a very big difference between countries like moldova , ukraine and georgia compared to the baltic states and poland . 
  the first 3 have pro russia movements ( some bigger than others ) and have stayed relatively closer to russia since the cold war . 
  i 'm not saying they have a majority of people that like russia , but they have room for russian influence . 
  the baltic states and poland on the other hand absolutely hate russia . 
  some propaganda and election hacking wo n't easily affect them enough to change their mind about that . 
  for me i think of those countries as fellow europeans . 
  they are equals in the eu and share my cultural values . 
  i know not everyone thinks like that in west europe so that makes an alliance more difficult . 
  yes , in a war some 70 years ago canada helped liberate the netherlands . 
  do n't pretend it was all out of compassion though , the us and canada left europe to fall at the hand of nazis for 5 years before doing anything . 
  only after the us was attacked did they decide it was time to take part . 
  the axis powers at the time were a threat to the entire world , not just europe . 
  anyways , the past is the past and the 2nd world war does n't affect me , just like the hundreds of wars before that do n't affect me . 
  nato is just a power extension tool for the usa and it always has been . 
  it bothers me to no end that they feel the need to have a military presence everywhere and especially countries that are at no risk of getting into war . 
  if anything their foreign policy is one of the main causes for europe 's bad relationship with russia . 
  not that russia is any better , they too suffer the superpower syndrom that makes them feel the need to expand even more . 
  i feel like we 've missed oppurtunities to change that though and ended up with the mess that is putin and the current 2nd cold war thanks to that . 
  nothing wrong with canada , nor with us but i would n't care to defend them . 
  they do n't affect me in any way . 
  they are far away and keep to theirselves pretty much . 
  they wo n't get into a war with anyone plus they do n't really have any reason to defend europe either . 
  as for uk , they do n't fit in there because to me this organisation would be part of eu . 
  i personally do n't think the uk needs to be part of any military pact . 
  they are an island nation surrounded by friendly nations . 
  edit : mostly talking about canada in my first sentences, 
  i like it , as a replacement of nato . 
  i think it makes more sense too as we share more values with eachothers countries and because of schengen . 
  i would be willing to defend all of the eu countries personally . 
  united states , canada and turkey not so much . 
  well low cost because money . 
  but i flew with klm once and it was quite nice to have a 3/4 empty plane with only some random businessmen in it . 
  eh , i just do n't think it 's interesting . 
  if you trace back far enough mostly everyone has some form of mixed ancestry . 
  there have been spanish , germanic , french , roman , english , danish and who knows what other influences in my country . 
  some thousands of years ago tribes were still frequently moving around . 
  it does n't affect me or my heritage . 
  i 'm 100 % dutch , period . 
  why not spain ? 
  it has plenty of medival castles , same as most of europe but in spain you can also find architecture with arabic influences as well as ancient roman buildings/ruines . 
  other than that , they have great weather and awesome food . 
  it 's relatively cheap compared to west europe . 
  i ca n't really point to any specific regions in spain because i have n't been in the mainland myself but maybe one of the spanish redditors here can help you out . 
  haha try spelling some of the american states . . mississippi , tennessee , massachusetts, 
  while i do n't think the dutch flag looks particularly good , it 's the oldest tricolour flag still used . 
  it also ( in ) directly influenced the flags of many other countries in europe . 
  so for that reason i 'm happy to keep it . 
  i do n't remember the last hollywood movie i saw portraying ireland at all xd . 
  are there any good ones ? 
  i mean look at his hair . . no but really he has said many silly things . 
  he also seems to be more well known around the world than our pm mark rutte . 
  edit : i should add jan peter balkenende . 
  he was our pm from 2002-2010 . 
  man that guy was awkward and cringy as fuck . 
  it was n't so much the things he said , just his overal presentation . 
  really hard to take this guy seriously . 
  edit 2 : [ relevant video of balkenende trying to skateboard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djqdenbofio ), 
  australia also is nowhere close to 100 % white . 
  the whole list is a bit strange , they conveniently forgot a bunch of countries with much larger white populations such as germany , russia and usa . 
  if crazy people fascinate you , spend some time in youth hostels . 
  the ones that allow everyone in . 
  they attract crazy like nothing else . 
  i 'm talking about people aged 40-65 . 
  always rambling , bringing up the most random stuff . 
  sometimes getting angry out of nowhere . 
  usually talking to theirselves . 
  that was my experience in australia anyways :p, 
  i used to be a very passionate runescape player . 
  it lost its magic a few years ago for me when i just ran out of ( fun ) things to achieve . 
  i still do go back occasionally though . 
  was member for the last few months of 2016 . 
  mostly to chat with my old buddies , really . 
  great game though . 
  i actually went and met up some friends from runescape in england about 5 years ago . 
  met some more friends last year in australia . 
  really cool experience . 
  i usually do n't do any journeys longer than 1000 km because i will get bored and start driving like a maniac xd . 
  * translation : * snitch , ( you ) are not allowed to go through my street . 
  * ( boterspaan litterally means something to strike butter with , it does n't really fit in this rhyme other than as a filler ) * doggy will bite you , kitty will scratch you . 
  * * cock will peck you , that 's the result of all your talking . 
  * edit some context : this is a kids rhyme . 
  as a child it 's not acceptable to snitch on your friends/peers if they did something wrong . 
  if you do snitch ( unless something really bad happened ) it will break the friendship . 
  damn those subs are pretty bad haha . 
  i still like to think youtube comment sections and some dutch news websites can be worse though ... 
  i really enjoy playing euro truck simulator 2 . 
  got all the dlc 's too . 
  iceland , norway and switzerland . 
   a polish citizen may request to change their name if it : 1 ) is embarrassing or undignified ; 2 ) has a non-polish form ; 3 ) resembles a given name ; 4 ) or , if the applicant wishes to change to a surname to one that he/she has been using for many years . 
  is there any way you could make use of # 4 ? 
  say you and everyone in your life uses a different name when talking to you ( the name you want to have ) . 
  you might be able to make a case of that . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.edinburgh.mfa.gov.pl/en/consular_information/legal_issues/administrative_change_of_name/administrative_change_of_given_names_and_surnames_in_poland ) also , in the netherlands we had problems with polish and romanian people coming here to claim benefits under one name , going back to their own country and changing their name . 
  since their governments did n't inform the dutch government of any change , they were able to claim benefits under their second name while they still kept getting the money from the previous name too . 
  the dutch media reported that it was quite easy ( and cheap ! ),
