i love scandinavians, 
  from what i 've learned through this subreddit , `` my face '' actually means a circle with a radius of a couple of meters ( given your flag ) . 
  i just wan na kiss you on each cheek every time we meet :d, 
  you make it sound like it 's a good thing, 
  both the northern and the southern views of each other are so spot on . 
   i appreciate you attempting to carry out an actual debate where drastically different cultural perspectives are clashing on a very sensitive subject . 
  i appreciate your response too . 
  reddit is helping me understand so many perspectives on a variety of topics that i now never assume that someone is wrong , i try to question my own views based on the evidence i can get . 
  that 's why i totally understand your point and i do n't think that in the end is such a big deal for your son , i mean i have friends who are circumcised and it 's not a big deal at all . 
  my stance was more on a moral level , but i 'm sure you understood that . 
  good luck being a father !, 
   stop being selfish and wanting . 
  dated a dane , can confirm . 
  would you mind elaborating on the `` benefits '' part ? 
  i feel that unless it is a life threatening `` negative '' that you 're outweighing through circumcision , you could have very well waited and let your kid make the choice . 
  i mean , i might be wrong , but i never heard any story of people that died because they were n't circumcised . 
  i do n't wan na make you feel bad , but you just made a choice that will affect ( in a way or another ) your son 's sex life under the assumption that you made his life somehow better . 
  i feel this should have been his call . 
  are you circumcised ? 
  if yes , how do you know you would n't have enjoyed a fully equipped penis more than a `` cabrio '' one ? 
  if not , why do you feel you can impose this choice on any kid ? 
  are you really comparing a tiny hole in the ear with a complete penis ' foreskin removal ? 
  http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896 abstract :  the american academy of pediatrics recently released its new technical report and policy statement on male circumcision , concluding that current evidence indicates that the health benefits of newborn male circumcision outweigh the risks . 
  the technical report is based on the scrutiny of a large number of complex scientific articles . 
  therefore , while striving for objectivity , the conclusions drawn by the 8 task force members reflect what these individual physicians perceived as trustworthy evidence . 
  seen from the outside , cultural bias reflecting the normality of nontherapeutic male circumcision in the united states seems obvious , and ** the report 's conclusions are different from those reached by physicians in other parts of the western world , including europe , canada , and australia . 
  ** in this commentary , a different view is presented by non -- us-based physicians and representatives of general medical associations and societies for pediatrics , pediatric surgery , and pediatric urology in northern europe . 
  to these authors , only 1 of the arguments put forward by the american academy of pediatrics has some theoretical relevance in relation to infant male circumcision ; namely , the possible protection against urinary tract infections in infant boys , which can easily be treated with antibiotics without tissue loss . 
  the other claimed health benefits , including protection against hiv/aids , genital herpes , genital warts , and penile cancer , are questionable , weak , and likely to have little public health relevance in a western context , and they do not represent compelling reasons for surgery before boys are old enough to decide for themselves . 
  i do n't think you could have possibly done a better job at proving my point . 
  ( just kidding man , i had n't noticed the edit ), 
  the good old swedish sense of humor . 
  not on churches though , it 's impossible . 
  and that was op 's point . 
  not a chance, 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'll see that in denmark too, 
  italy where ? 
  you know that shit is hitting the fence when scandinavians start complaining . 
  the `` immigrants stealing jobs '' is a pretty much universal rant you 'll hear everywhere there is immigration . 
  it does n't mean it 's true though . 
  you do n't sound like a french at all ... 
  wow , til . 
   it 's worthwhile noting that over 95 % of people in aircraft crashes survive . 
  i think i speak for everyone when i ask for a source on this statement . 
  i remember reading somewhere that all of the security procedures on airplanes like wearing seatbelts , putting the tray tables in full upright position , switching phones off , etc. 
  are just meant to give passengers the impression that the airline is doing all it can to ensure a safe flight . 
  in reality if anything goes wrong it 's very likely that nothing will save your life . 
  edit : yup , got it . 
  i was mistaken, 
  i need to move to denmark, 
  [ very relevant ] ( http://www.boredpanda.com/americans-place-european-countries-on-map/ ), 
  til that europeans hate credit cards . 
  this guy asks the tough questions, 
  something like 2000 years ago, 
  yeah but that 's not the point . 
  it 's getting harder and harder to have a private life separated from a professional one . 
  which would n't be a problem if employers were n't so judgmental . 
  until not too long ago i could be a very serious professional during the day and have a very unorthodox lifestyle at night . 
  keeping the two separated is getting harder and harder . 
  i have a right to my privacy , but apparently no one seems to care anymore . 
  so you 're one of the `` i do n't care if the government taps every phone and reads every email because i have nothing to hide ? '', 
  kind of people ? 
  still on point , though . 
  honest question : is this big ? 
  in italy no one talks about it . 
  * today, 
  do you agree that in an ideal world everyone at birth should be given equal chances to succeed in life ? 
  if the answer is yes , taxing inheritance helps this cause . 
  if the answer is no , i 'm not wasting any more time here . 
  i 'm positive that direct democracy is bad . 
  can you imagine if the average bloke had a say in financial policy or civil rights ? 
  we 'd probably still have slavery . 
  it does n't matter , taxing inheritance is a way to try and reduce the gap between those who are born in poverty and those who just happen to have been born in a wealthy family . 
  you want to take advantage of work you have n't done ? 
  great , just pay a little price for it . 
  seems fair . 
  but you get a head start ( because most people do n't have the luxury of inheriting a business ) and do n't even want to give something back to the community . 
  it 's selfish , though understandable , but at least be honest about it . 
  yes, 
  i do n't think we have banned any dangerous fat here . 
  it 's just a cultural thing having a somehow healthy diet . 
  i remember reading somewhere that executing people actually costs more than keeping them in jail until they die . 
  edit : [ here it is ] ( http://deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty ), 
  thanks for participating to the `` french are easily butthurt when made fun of '' stereotype !, 
  we 'll send you a postcard . 
  you sound surprised ... 
  let 's spark a discussion here : - what are your arguments in favor of the death penalty ? 
  - please define `` too easily '' . 
  how much ? 
  it was like 50 cents for marlboro light . 
  i 've been to albania a couple of years ago and cigarettes were cheaper than air . 
  * or care, 
  ... we do it better, 
   the guy is a master at announcing grandiose , imaginative plans that then get stuck in trivialities like actually finding the money for them . 
  would you mind providing some examples ? 
  i 'm with you . 
  very conflicted . 
   17 million people , or 51 % of the voters , voted to leave . 
  having another referendum invalidates all of those people 's mandate . 
  well it 's the same people voting again , except this time with a better understanding of the implications .
