  yes of course , jews have more human rights than palestinians . 
   the idea that jews should be forced to remain stateless in their homeland because arabs wanted arab state number 23 or 24 or 25 at the time . . 
  yes the `` homeland '' in which over 90 % of the jews in 1940 were immigrants who had arrived less than 50 years previously . 
  what a ridiculous racist notion . 
  your total lack of intellectual honesty is bewildering . 
   hence the attempt to compromise and balance them . 
  palestinians refused . 
  yes , a state with a 45 % minority of palestinians who own most of the land - fantastic compromise . 
  and we both know that ben-gurion and others had `` zionist aspirations '' that meant they were going to expel the palestinians sooner or later . 
  the zionist leadership had been discussing the population transfer openly for decades . 
   i see no problem with having a jewish state with a minority of arabs getting full rights . 
  do you ? 
  ah yes , the `` racial problem of palestine '' , or after the language was cleaned up , `` the demographic problem '' as per israeli media . 
  the creation of israel resulted in a state forever obsessed with the unwanted ethnic minority . 
  it 's funny that you are pretending not to have a problem , when zionist leadership openly expressed their problem . 
  menachem ussishkin , the head of the jewish agency stated in 1937 that , `` we can not start the jewish state with ... half the population being arab ... 
  such a state can not survive even half an hour . '', 
  frederick kisch , head of the jewish national fund ( which till today refuses to sell land to non-jews but receives land from the supposedly secular state ) wrote a letter to chaim weizmann in 1928 where he stated that he had `` always been hoping and waiting for '' a solution to `` the racial problem of palestine . '', 
  ben-gurion wrote in 1937 that `` the * compulsory transfer * of the arabs from the valleys of the proposed jewish state could give us something which we never had ... '' of course you know this all already , we are just pretending that the 45 % minority of palestinians would have had full rights in a self-proclaimed ethnic homeland for another people . 
  lebanon is not secular . 
  it is a confessional state . 
  i never said lebanon is secular . 
   like the fact that india 's colonialism was far worse than what any single arab state endured . 
  yes , all political questions are boiled down to a dick measuring contest of suffering . 
  this is why the china-taiwan conflict can not be discussed without first addressing the volcanic eruption of eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull . 
  first we have to create a list of all places that have had any suffering at all . 
  then when someone raises any conflict , like say ukraine , we can just point to someone else who had more suffering . 
  this is a foolproof method to solve all political problems . 
   it was n't europe that pushed them create israel . 
  yeah except for you know , like the holocaust and pogroms and the balfour declaration and shit ... 
  but other than that no nothing . 
  oh absolutely !, 
  ** everything ** is the fault of the colonial regime !, 
  yesterday i was picking my nose and drew blood - fucking colonialism !, 
  that 's what i 've been trying to say all along . 
  thankfully you were there to point this out so succinctly . 
  thanks !, 
   most of the 1948 arab refugees fled by themselves and were not forcibly expelled . 
  this is totally incorrect , and even mainstream israeli professors of history have pointed this out numerous times . 
  benny morris described the ethnic cleansing of palestine as `` necessary '' , and even he says that `` all the arabs fled by themselves '' is a total lie . 
  refer to avi shlaim , ilan pappe , simcha flapan , or any number of other mainstream israeli historians . 
   jewish human rights had been ignored for centuries in the islamic world . 
  textbook whataboutism : `` if they do bad things it makes our bad things ok ! '', 
  yes saddam definitely used religion as a tool to further his political ambitions when it was beneficial for him to do so , but the state was officially secular . 
   leading the palestinians and arab states to declare war . 
  no they did n't . 
  menachem begin stated that the zionists were the first to go on the offensive in places like jerusalem . 
  the arab states entered the war in may 1948 , many months later , after 300,000 palestinians had already been ethnically cleansed and widespread massacres committed by the idf . 
  this is general knowledge , go check the timeline of the conflict . 
  quran class is obligatory like chistianity class is obligatory in finland . 
  when i was a child in finland , everyone had to take christianity . 
  when i was in school in kuwait and egypt , you got to choose according to your religion , or have no religion class at all . 
  i 'm sure iraq is the same . 
  ie : the education is just as secular as in finland . 
  yeah , you still have n't raised a single actual issue , have you ? 
  haha it 's because you do n't have a fucking clue , you 're just pissed off that i ruined your little anti-arab circle jerk . 
  you do n't even want to discuss any issues , it 's all a pretense . 
  what you want is a good ol' lynching , 
  congratulations , you read a wikipedia page !, 
   in other words , your argument is purely factually incorrect . 
  read what i said - the arab states intervened in may 1948 , after 300,000 palestinians had been ethnically cleansed in operations by irgun and lehi . 
  this is factually correct . 
  your little wikipedia quotes do n't explain why the arab states did n't invade in november 1947 when the un passed its partition plan . 
  you 're citing information like it contradicts anything i 've said . 
  arab states were against the partitioning of palestine because it was a racist stupid idea . 
  how is a state supposed to work with a 45 % minority of people who own most of the land and do n't want to be in that state ?? 
  in fact , zionist leaders were aware of this problem and openly talked about a population transfer ( ie : expulsion of palestinians ) . 
  menachem ussishkin , head of the jewish national fund , wrote `` we can not start the jewish state with ... half the population being arab ... 
  such a state can not survive even half an hour . '', 
  david ben gurion , the first prime minister of israel was openly talking about expulsion and population transfer long before the nakba . 
  in 1936 he wrote in the palestine post that '' ... we failed to realise that only in communities which are 100 % jewish and built on jewish land , are we safe . '', 
  in 1937 he wrote '' ** the compulsory transfer of the arabs from the valleys of the proposed jewish state ** could give us something which we never had . . '' he wrote a letter to his son in 1937 stating : `` we must expel the arabs and take their place . '', 
  he also said `` what we want is that the whole and unified land be jewish . '', 
  dividing that land into an ethnic-nationalist state for jews and a smaller secondary state for palestinians was a recipe for disaster that we are still seeing today . 
  and we should n't forget that israel was only allowed into the un if it accepted to allow the return of palestinian refugees , as per resolution 194 . 
  it has never complied with this demand , and the un reasserts this demand every single year . 
  first - i never said `` it 's all the west 's fault '' . 
  you are n't very clever and do n't understand things . 
  i pointed to very specific conflicts that are the britain and france 's fault . 
  there are other conflicts that are n't their fault . 
  do you see that ? 
  non-binary thinking . 
  it 's like magic is n't it !, 
  china going through a century of humiliation has absolutely nothing to do with anything at all . 
  you are throwing out any useless piece of information you know of . 
   that india was n't split by colonial powers makes little sense as an argument except , you know , in relation to all the conflicts in the middle east that have to do borders and national identitites ... like i do n't know , the kurdish conflict , the invasion of kuwait , the invasions of iraq , the saudi/jordanian conflict , the civil war in lebanon , the israeli-palestinian conflict , etc. 
   the stench is reeking from you . 
  hahah what a fucking nazi pig, 
  if you want to talk about any issues , feel free to talk about them . 
  do n't give me these childish personal attacks . 
  and china was n't colonized by european powers . 
  and india was not split up by the colonial powers . 
  it was colonized by britain only . 
  and british policy directly resulted in the war with pakistan and the conflict in kashmir that continues today . 
  man , the `` christian world '' is not `` cornered '' in europe . 
  the vast majority of christians live outside of europe , in africa , asia , and north and south america . 
  you are looking at this from a totally right-wing white christian perspective . 
  i do n't see what any of this has anything to do the conflicts currently happening in the middle east , or with the colonial period . 
  lol racist , hateful , bigotry . 
  and i bet you cry and scream whenever western european countries show this kind of racism and bigotry towards romanians .
