  hahaha wtf are you serious ? 
  come on man , you ca n't be this stupid . 
  i have ethnic german cousins too . 
  can i be finnish with german cousins but not egyptian ? 
  the miracle of marriage allows for this to happen . 
  a finnish woman marries a german man by the name of uwe , and voila !, 
  little german children who are ethnically german . 
  unless of course you want to start testing their purity levels , but i 'd caution against it since you 've already been talking about hitler on this thread christ you really are a sharp one are n't you ... 
  hahahah my god what an amazing racist . 
  i have egyptian cousins , canadian cousins , german cousins ( ethnic germans ) , palestinian cousins , jordanian cousins , and syrian cousins . 
  your tiny brain must be exploding right now !, 
  also i 'm not * just * egyptian . 
  i hold more than 2 passports . 
  and guess how these miracles happen ? 
  through marriage einstein . 
  yes , one can have relatives all over the globe if one has a multicultural family . 
  i see that the people in your family have only been fucking each other . 
  that explains everything . 
  i also see that you 're back in the circumcision discussion . 
  but ** i 'm ** the radical obsessive muslim right ? 
  you , the penile crusader , are just worried about liberal values . 
  the fact that you 're a racist , anti-immigrant , rightwing islamophobe has nothing to do with the fact that you 've spent 2 days crusading against circumcision . 
  no , not at all . 
  maybe you should spend a couple more hours going through my comment history . 
  trust me , it 'll be the best education you 've ever had  but do n't let it slow down your crusading !, 
  hahaha einstein , the timestamp is in the message . 
  i sent this immediately after your last shitty message . 
  i then went and had a nice night 's sleep myself and here 's a hint for you . 
  i 've never been called a racist on reddit my entire life . 
  you on the other hand , have had this happen several times . 
  take the hint captain finland . 
  you 're so small that you wo n't even believe i can be ethnically finnish because i disagreed with your racist comments about muslims and jews going `` home '' . 
  and ethnic parentage makes you ethnic finnish dumbass . 
  traveling and learning new languages and having different passports and living elsewhere and being a leftist do not unfinnishize you . 
  tell me if this is a familiar formula - right wing guy accuses someone on the internet of not being ethnically pure because they disagree with him . 
  right wing guy claims not to be a racist . 
  yes i have the egyptian passport . 
  never hid that fact at all . 
  if you 'd asked me i would have told you i hold more than 2 passports . 
  you did n't though - you accused me of being a muslim immigrant - which i 'm not . 
   a passport does n't make you ethnic finnish no - but finnish parentage does asshole . 
   and you were the one that went ape shit over the issue of circumcision not me you went ape shit on circumcision , not me . 
  i went ape shit about what i perceived was a racist comment about european muslims who should `` go home '' . 
  you on the other hand , bothered to state that hitler was right on the issue , that religious practices do n't belong in the nordics , and that all muslims and jews can ` go home ' to do so . 
  so who here went ape-shit about circumcision ? 
  and please tell me how it 's a coincidence that an openly anti-muslim guy with a history of being called a racist on reddit manages to praise hitler and call for all muslims to go home in the same thread ? 
  but still not a racist , no of course not . 
  just a massive bigot i guess . 
   i do n't care to be honest , but you make claims that are n't true and i pointed them out feel free to name one claim that i made that was untrue . 
  maybe you should read all my comment history back to 2009 . 
  just keep going man . 
  you 'll learn a great deal . 
  i noticed your only interests are whining about getting called a racist a lot , and commenting on r/worldnews with all the other teenagers . 
  a real intellectual . 
  can ethnic finns not hold more than one passport you childish imbecile ? 
  hahaha you 're fucking hilarious . 
  you want to know how pathetic you are ? 
  you ca n't have a discussion about circumcision without making the primary issue your opponents ethnicity . 
  you 're a 20-something emotional teenager and a joke . 
  i already told you i lived abroad and since you 've spent the last 2 hours scowering my comment history like a creep , you know i speak several languages and regularly comment on various different national subreddits . 
  i comment in r/egypt , r/arabs , r/lebanon , r/iraq , and several others , including r/suomi . 
  and wait how can i be a fanatic muslim if i 'm also a communist leftwing nutjob ?!, 
  hahahaha ... yes i also comment in / r/anarchism and / r/communism and r/socialism . 
  all these contradictions must be blowing your tiny mind !, 
  you might actually learn something since you 're trawling through my comment history . 
  i noticed your intellectual interests are nil , and that you [ regularly whine about being called a racist . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nordiccountries/comments/1xissw/finlands_beaches_the_dirtiest_in_the_baltic_sea/cffw6e2?context=3 ) so i see i 'm not the the only finn to have a problem with your outright racism . 
  [ * `` hey guys , you know what i hate ?? 
  all those wankers who keep calling me a racist !, 
  i do n't know why this keeps happening !, 
  '' * ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1zzc44/if_you_could_ban_something_from_reddit_what_would/cfyelpq?context=3 ) edit : and fyi - yes , still not an immigrant . 
  oh yes and i called you a righwing asshat and an islamophobe and i too was spot on and no - i am not an immigrant you prejudiced fuck . 
  you conveniently dropped that accusation . 
  having lived outside finland and learning other languages does not make you an immigrant to your own country . 
  i was born with this passport , my family are ethnic finns who died fighting finland 's wars , and that makes me just as finnish as you . 
  christ , then you still want to pretend like you 're not prejudiced ? 
  * `` i 'm only concerned about the little boys ' penises , i swear !, 
  this has nothing to do with the fact that i like to post in islamunveiled !, 
  '' * and fyi - i do n't believe circumcision is a religious practice at all . 
  i believe it 's purely traditional and for that reason do not plan on getting any of my children circumcized . 
  i only argued with you because i could sense your faux concern for liberal values and hysterical islamophobia a mile away . 
  in which i was spot on, 
  dailymail = downvote apologies , but let 's stick to proper journalism and not tabloid trash, 
  i 'm an ethnic finn and should n't have to justify my ethnicity or religion to you . 
  the mere fact that i do makes you a prejudiced piece of shit . 
  your first defence is to accuse anyone arguing against you of being an immigrant - which i 'm not . 
  so fuck yourself and your pseudo liberal values . 
  you are a simple closeted fascist as are all bigots . 
  `` i do n't have a problem with * all * immigrants . 
  just the nasty muslim ones ! '', 
  i find simpletons such as yourself are islamophobes because they have zero conception or knowledge of history . 
  it 's the same as blaming the symptom instead of the disease . 
  when you have no idea about the context or history of a situation , you go for the first most prominent element and focus on that . 
  but i 'm sure you do n't give a shit about any of this given your attitude . 
  i 'm not interested in continuing this conversation with you . 
  i 've tagged you as rabidracist though . 
  it 's more fitting . 
  niin hyva\u0308a\u0308 yo\u0308ta\u0308 , haista paska , and continue your anti-muslim crusade on this thread at your leisure . 
  it 's hilariously hypocritical that you accuse me of being an obsessive muslim , when you 've commented the most on this thread . 
  and being an anti-muslim is only a coincidence !,
