  the hagana did its job . '', 
  menachem begin states that it was he ( as leader of irgun ) who went on the offensive first . 
  again , your intellectual dishonesty is wonderful to watch . 
  you pick a murder by palestinians and completely ignore any murders by jews , just as you pick may 1948 as the start of the war whilst completely ignoring the ethnic cleansing of palestine for 6 months prior . 
   no , they have equal rights . 
  which is why , when jews wanted rights , they acknowledged that a palestinian state with such rights should exist as well . 
  oh please ... for god 's sake how can you say this with a straight face ? 
  yes , sure , they deserved the scraps that the zionists did not want . 
  a smaller state , with less farmland , and a fraction of the area they had called home up to then . 
  and why ? 
  because jews were persecuted in europe . 
   as one historian put it , the jews committed `` ethnic cleansing '' to avoid being murdered in a genocide . 
  sure , they committed ethnic cleansing with overwhelming force out of fear . 
  that 's why they were talking about ethnic cleansing and population transfer several decades before the nakba . 
  moshe sharrett , first israeli foreign minister was busy being an ethnic nationalist back in 1914 . 
  he wrote : `` we have forgotten that we have not come to an empty land to inherit it , but we have come to conquer a country from people inhabiting it , that governs it by the virtue of its language and savage culture ... 
  recently there has been appearing in our newspapers the clarification about `` the mutual misunderstanding '' between us and the arabs , about `` common interests '' [ and ] about `` the possibility of unity and peace between two fraternal peoples . '', 
  ... [ but ] we must not allow ourselves to be deluded by such illusive hopes ... if we cease to look upon our land , the land of israel , as ours alone and we allow a partner into our estate - all content and meaning will be lost to our enterprise . '', 
  he sounds so fearful of genocide by the evil palestinians !, 
   what was the problem with the minority in israel again ? 
  what was the problem of being a jewish minority of palestine ? 
   the jewish national fund is established to help jewish immigrants arriving in israel get land . 
  it must sell land to non-jews according to the state and the supreme court 's rulings , it is compensated with land for what it sells . 
  the jnf has never complied with the supreme court rulings and refuses to sell land to non-jews . 
  and this is textbook apartheid - the largest landowner in the country receives land from the state according to the transfer of property law , but refuses to sell land to people who are n't part of the majority ethnicity . 
  imagine if any european country today announced that it was going to give land to a company that sells `` to whites only '' . 
   i do think it 's interesting you quoted another person who died before israel was created , yes , they were zionist leaders and intellectuals . 
  how many times have you quoted that hussayni quote on reddit eh  but when i quote zionist leaders , miraculously they have no importance at all . 
  fyi - i flipped kisch and ussishkin . 
  kisch headed the jewish agency and ussishkin headed the jnf . 
   but he also wrote to his son : we do not wish and do not need to expel arabs and take their place . 
  you are lying . 
  the letter states `` we must expel the arabs and take their place '' . 
  this was later deemed embarassing , so a big conspiracy theory has arisen regarding text that he scribbled out . 
  the letter literally states `` we must expel the arabs '' . 
   it provides 25 % of its population today , non-jews , with citizenship and full rights in the state . 
  no it does n't , as we just established regarding land purchases . 
  and that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  the apartheid goes much deeper . 
   the israeli basic law ( constitution ) explicitly says as much . 
  actually it does n't and you are totally wrong . 
  the un committee on the elimination of racial discrimination ( cerd ) , israel country report , march 2012 : `` the committee is concerned that no general provision for equality and the prohibition of racial discrimination has been included in the basic law : human dignity and liberty ( 1992 ) , which serves as israel 's bill of rights ; neither does israeli legislation contain a definition of racial discrimination in accordance with article 1 of the convention . '' israel is one of the few countries ( only one i know of ) , that explicitly * does not * guarantee full rights to all citizens regardless of ethnicity . 
   can you cite this 300,000 ethnic cleansing number ? 
  david hirst , the gun and the olive branch : the roots of violence in the middle east , 1977 , pp . 
  and benny morris , `` the causes and character of the arab exodus from palestine : the israel defence forces intelligence branch analysis of june 1948 , '' 1986 , pp . 
  he writes : `` a great deal of fresh light is shed on the multiple and variegated causation of the arab exodus in a document which has recently surfaced , entitled `` the emigration of the arabs of palestine in the period 1/12/1947 -1 / 6/1948 . 
  dated 30 june 1948 , it was produced by the israel defence forces intelligence branch during the first weeks of the first truce ( 11 june-9 july ) of the 1948 war . 
  rather than suggesting israeli blamelessness in the creation of the refugee problem , the intelligence branch assessment is written in blunt factual and analytical terms and , if anything , contains more than a hint of `` advice '' as to how to precipitate further palestinian flight by indirect methods ... ... by 1 june , 180 of these villages and towns had been evacuated , with 239,000 arabs fleeing the areas of the jewish state . 
  a further 152,000 arabs , from 70 villages and three towns ( jaffa , jenin and acre ) , had fled their homes in the areas earmarked for palestinian arab statehood in the partition resolution , and from the jerusalem area . 
  by 1 june , therefore , according to the report , ** the refugee total was 391,000 , give or take about 10-15 per cent . 
  ** ** altogether , the report states , jewish -- meaning haganah/i . d.f. , i.z.l. 
  and l.h.i. 
  - - military operations . 
  accounted for 70 per cent of the arab exodus from palestine . 
  [ t ] here is no reason to cast doubt on the integrity of i.d.f. 
  intelligence branch in the production of this analysis . 
  also cited in sami hadawi 's `` bitter harvest '' , page 90 : `` during this six-months period over 300,000 arabs were driven out of their homes and became refugees - contrary to the expressed intentions of the united nations . '', 
   can you provide a quote that supports the notion that begin believes zionists started a conflict prior to arab israeli war ? 
  sure . 
  sami hadawi , bitter harvest , p. 90 : `` menachem begin , then leader of the irgun , tells how `` in jerusalem , as elsewhere , we were the first to pass from the defensive to the offensive ... arabs began to flee in terror ... hagana was carrying out successful attacks on other fronts , while all the jewish forces proceeded to advance through haifa like a knife through butter . '' '', 
  page 90 : `` another description of the fighting of that six-month period came from major edgar o'ballance . 
  he said : `` it was the jewish policy to encourage the arabs to quit their homes , and they used psychological warfare extensively in urging them to do so . 
  later , as the war went on , they ejected those arabs who clung to their villages . '' '', 
  the author also quotes ben-gurion : `` in operation nachshon the road to jerusalem was cleared , and the guerillas were expelled from haifa , jaffa , tiberias , safad while still the mandatory was present . 
  it needed sagacity and self-control not to fall foul of the british army . 
  the hagana did its job ; '' the author also quotes chaim weizmann ( first president of israel ) , who states in ** june 1947 ** to the un special committee : '' `` in all humbleness , '' he declared before the committee , `` thou shalt not kill has been ingrained in us since mount sinai . 
  it was inconceivable ten years ago that the jews should break this commandment . 
  unfortunately , they are breaking it today , and nobody deplores it more than the vast majority of the jews . 
  i hang my head in shame when i have to speak of this fact before you . '', 
  if it 's not secular then show that to me and i 'll correct myself . 
  i have no reason to believe you if you 're not going to provide any facts man ... iraq was a * self-proclaimed * secular state , and the baath ideology was definitely secular . 
  the state may have broken some rules that i do n't know about , but from what i know , it was a secular state . 
  finland is also secular , they just have forced teaching of religion in schools . 
   this is taken completely out of context . 
  what benny morris wrote is :   a jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 palestinians . 
  therefore it was necessary to uproot them . 
  there was no choice but to expel that population . 
  it was necessary to cleanse the hinterland and cleanse the border areas . . 
  so what you 're saying is that i was 100 % correct ? 
   you have to put things in proportion . 
  these are small war crimes ah yes . 
  * it 's ok because our war-crimes are so small !, 
  they 're just teensy weensy war crimes !, 
  * also you fail to mention that he calls it ethnic cleansing , as do all mainstream israeli historians . 
   you know so little about this conflict that you think you can add credibility to your argument via the words of benny morris . 
  yes of course morris is a charlatan . 
  an israeli professor of history whose book is a textbook in most north american middle east history courses . 
  what a shitty source . 
  next time i 'll refer to bibi ` the big boss ' netanyahu instead and his historian pal avigdor ` big bouncer ' lieberman . 
  those are the sources we want to see in here !, 
   what you 're saying is that the british made it easier to create israel , not that they created israel . 
  sure , fine . 
  british policy during its mandate in palestine * enabled * the creation of israel . 
   the partition plan was never implemented . 
  i seriously question your knowledge of the history . 
  the partition plan , as we both know , is the basic justification for the creation of israel . 
  the first zionist `` clearing '' operations began within a few weeks of the un resolution 's passing . 
  the first zionist massacre occurred less than a month after the un resolution was passed . 
   this was not disregard . 
  as put by another zionist , the claims of starvation by jews are more pressing than the claims of hunger by palestinian arabs .
