  that 's exactly what pan-arabism is - an umbrella term that covers muslims , christians , jews , druze , and all tribes and sects . 
  it is by definition non-sectarian . 
  so yes , i believe in pluralism very much . 
  just as a member of the eu believes in a european identity and european community and european unity . 
  i see zero difference , other than the fact that arab countries are historically much closer than european ones . 
  second - i 'm not a `` hardcore '' pan arabist at all . 
  i do n't support ba'ath , i do n't support asad , and i 'm not a nasserist . 
  so i 'd love to hear how you define a `` hardcore pan arabist '' . 
  i support pan-arabism just as i support the eu . 
  third - who are you kidding kimi ? 
  are we really going to have this argument ? 
  come on man , look at your posting history . 
  i comment in dozens of subreddits about socialism , history , economics , philosophy , religion . 
  you have one interest . 
  just one overwhelming obsession . 
  you portray muslims in a bad light in 90 % of your comments and posts on reddit . 
  you do n't use reddit to enjoy your interests , you use it as a propagandist spreading your message . 
  do n't you have any other interests for gods sake ? 
  the difference between me and you is that i use reddit as a tool to practice my interests . 
  you use reddit as a tool to hate and spread hate . 
  man i 'm sorry , but what you 're saying is absurd . 
  you keep saying `` our values '' - what values are they ? 
  please define them are scandinavian pagan worshippers part of our values ? 
  what about people in iceland who believe in elves ? 
  have they automatically become non-european because other europeans do not believe in elves ? 
  and what are you going to do with all these people who do n't fit into our values ? 
  how are you going to test for it ? 
  where will you deport them to ? 
  unless you are talking about the charter of rights , you ca n't talk about `` our values '' . 
  any look at the political spectrum of any european country will show that there is a wide spectrum of values and beliefs . 
  you 're conflating norms with values and values with rights and then insisting on defining who is european by those norms . 
  if i 'm a french person who believes in raping babies , have i suddenly become non-european ? 
  the truth is that you ca n't define a european by his values or beliefs at all . 
  and any talk of deporting people based on their beliefs is just silly and utterly impractical and completely against the rights delineated in the charter of the eu . 
  you did n't understand my point . 
  he said these men were n't `` european one bit '' - as if to be european you have to believe in a specific set of values . 
  you do n't . 
  the `` european value '' that he is talking about is precisely what allows people to believe in different things . 
  the `` european value '' that he is talking about is precisely what differentiates them from the jihadists and exactly what he wants to undermine - to differentiate people based on their beliefs and religion . 
  it 's akin to saying `` these people do not believe in freedom of religion and expression because of their religion - so let 's kick them out ! '', 
  i do n't agree with how you 've interpreted popper 's quotation here . 
  if you want to see popper 's ideal in practice , look at how norway treated breivik after he murdered over 70 people . 
  they did n't suppress him or try to muzzle him , they chose the rational method of dealing with him , which is open public discourse . 
  the same should apply to jihadists or anyone else . 
  if someone commits a crime , you put him through the legal system . 
  you do n't trace his ancestry searching for a place to send him in case he screws up . 
  as for kimi712 , he 's a familiar character to me from over a year ago . 
  his one and only interest on reddit is to spread hate against muslims . 
  if you do n't believe me , just scroll through some of his history . 
  go back one week , two weeks , 2 months , 1 year . 
  take a look at his submissions . 
  his personal crusade on reddit is to spread news about copts and post every act of violence by muslims . 
  so i 'm quite certain he meant exactly what he insinuated - kick out the muslims from europe . 
  either way - what i pointed out was not pedantic whatsoever . 
  it flies in the face of pluralism and equality to start trafficking people away because they do n't believe in the official state doctrine or even commit crimes . 
  and lastly , you do n't know what these people believe or do not believe , as you are not the belief-police . 
  you can only jail them for their crimes if they commit them . 
  anything else is freedom of speech and freedom of belief . 
  i can believe in murder and rape as the primary drivers of humanity , but as long as i do n't hurt anyone else or break the law then i 'm free to believe whatever i want - even if i 've immigrated from somewhere else . 
  unless of course you want to have separate laws for separate ethnic or religious groups . 
  which again i do not stand for . 
  not only is he viewing the immigrants in only the worst standard , he wants them to be expelled if they do not conform to some vague set of principles . 
  what about the indigenous ones ? 
  golden dawn ? 
  the edl ? 
  the bnp ? 
  he 's suggesting the local crazies can stay but only the muslims should be tested , `` identified '' , and then expelled . 
  what he does n't understand is that pluralism is one of the most important european values . 
  `` european values '' . 
  it 's as if europe has n't spawned some of the most hideous far right groups in history . 
  as if all of europe is some sort of single entity with a single set of values that everyone shares . 
  what should europe do with all the indigenous crazy europeans ? 
  or are there not as many of them as the crazy muslims ? 
  and what 's even more hilarious is that banning people left and right is itself against `` european values '' . 
  it 's like you 're proposing for europe to become less european to deal with this problem . 
  how should they test these ppl for their values ? 
  a values test ? 
  if you fail to conform to our values you are expelled !, 
  this is nonsense . 
  no you do n't understand you twit . 
  if a passport is n't a sign of ethnicity then why do you say i can not be an ethnic finn because i have another passport ? 
  this is such a simple contradiction even a child could understand it . 
  secondly , you do n't even understand what ethnicity is , nor the concept of race . 
  google it or go back to r/worldnews with all the other intellectuals . 
  or better yet , pose the question to r/asksocialscience and educate yourself . 
  you 're a juvenile rightwing bigot with a mickey mouse understanding of this subject who likes to spend 2 full days crusading about circumcision whilst pretending it 's because you care about children . 
  then you have the gall to call me a radical muslim . 
  you 're a fucking joke . 
  i 've been egging you on for 2 days while you spend hours scouring my comment history . 
  thanks for the laugh pinhead, 
  lol what a hypocrite . 
  a few messages back you were explaining how having a finnish passport does n't mean you 're ethnically finnish . 
  now you 're telling me i ** must ** not be ethnically finnish because i hold another passport hahaha . 
  so which is it ? 
  why ca n't you keep your story straight ? 
  also , one of my parent 's sides are swedish finns - horror !, 
  maybe i 'm tri-ethnic or quasi-ethnic since your main concern is racial purity . 
  tell me - how are you going to decide whether my german cousins are not ethnically german ? 
  what tests would you like to give them to test their german purity ? 
  i 'm very interested !,
