  you want into club europe , but do n't have the eu values :*(, 
  there is nothing incorrect in it , or you would have pointed it out . 
  and israel was only allowed into the un on condition that it allows the palestinian refugees to return , as per resolution 194 . 
  the un ratifies this resolution annually , and for 70 years israel has failed to comply . 
  and i explained quite fully why palestinians rejected the ridiculous notion of becoming a 45 % minority in someone else 's ethnic homeland where they owned most of the land . 
  they did n't start any war . 
  this is disputed and does n't even matter . 
  the only thing that matters is that palestinian human rights have been ignored since the start of the zionist movement , which has * always * openly discussed ethnic isolation and population transfer of the unwanted ethnic group ( palestinians ) . 
  zionist intellectuals like ben gurion , frederick kisch , zeev jabotinsky , menachem ussishkin , moshe sharrett all openly talked about `` the racial problem '' that needed to be solved . 
  well they did solve it . 
  well saudi arabia does n't care about anyone 's security , except its own ruling family . 
  i think that the eu should disallow all arms trades to countries with human rights violations , instead of the massive arms trade with saudi , bahrain , uae , libya , etc. 
  the eu should also begin cutting trade ties with these countries . 
  however , the eu will never do these things because $ . 
   this basically encouraged secterianism and left radicals as the only political power . 
  i agree with you , but would add that european countries and the us then actively helped and funded those right-wing radicals so that they would crush the large communist movements in egypt , iran , iraq , and syria . 
   are most of the perpetrators from the middle-east ? 
  yes . 
  sure right now for geopolitical reasons . 
  in canada , the largest number of terror attacks have been by sikhs , cubans , and quebec separatists . 
  none of those groups commit terrorist attacks anymore because those geopolitical conflicts have been more or less settled . 
  they are n't world wars . 
  pick up a book . 
  they are european wars that involved the entire world because of europe 's colonies abroad . 
  no one in egypt or tunisia or senegal could give a damn about hitler 's ambitions in europe , yet they were all recruited into the colonial armies . 
   you ca n't put the arabs in a simple victim role and say ` it 's all the west 's fault ' and then demand some kind of solution , ignoring the major factors that lie within the middle east itself . 
  no one does that . 
  it 's a strawman to say that people just deny their own responsibility and claim everything is europe 's fault . 
   i mean the arabs did n't get handed their empire or grand nation ( which they apparently could n't even wrest themselves from a dying ottoman empires ) they did , actually , and then were invaded by france at the [ battle of maysaloun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_maysalun ) . 
   it makes no sense to give arabs , who had once conquered and afterwards forcibly converted 2/3rds of the christian world , suddenly a 100 % victim role . 
  this is total mickey mouse history . 
  arabs did n't `` forcibly convert '' the `` christian world '' or any such nonsense . 
  you could just as easily say the christians forcibly converted `` the pagan world '' . 
  the arab-muslim empires were empires just like any other empires , and what arabs or muslims did 1500 years ago has absolutely no bearing at all on what britain and france did in the middle east 100 years ago . 
  i said ww1 and ww2 . 
  and both world wars are undeniably european conflicts . 
  it does n't even matter . 
  take a half of that , or a quarter of that , and you will still have murder and violence in multiple orders higher than anything that has ever happened in anatolia . 
  yes and i agree that arabs must find solutions by themselves to these conflicts . 
  however , it is completely incorrect to try to portray the majority of these conflicts happening today as independent of the colonial framework . 
  also , in what sense has poland `` flourished '' exactly ? 
  who thinks poland has flourished ? 
  also , it would be great if the european powers stopped funding and supporting the dictatorships the arabs tried to get rid of in 2011 . 
  tony blair went on tv and stated that mubarak was a `` personal friend and a beacon of hope in the middle east '' . 
  a * beacon of hope * ... britain today actively supports saudi arabia , kuwait , uae , bahrain , jordan , egypt , and israel . 
  it is opening a military base in bahrain . 
  there are american military bases sprinkled across the region . 
  it 's the height of hypocrisy to sit there and talk about how arabs need to reform themselves and stop blaming ` the west ' when ` the west ' keeps funding all the dictators and military regimes in their region . 
  [ here ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1ekgwwedomi/hqdefault.jpg ) is a picture of prince charles sword dancing with his royal pals in saudi arabia . 
  someone tell me how europe is not involved in arab conflicts again ? 
  yes romania is indeed the height of civilization . 
  did russia create a bunch of jealous little states and pit minorities against majorities in these states and arm them to the teeth ? 
  thanks dude . 
  the one non-hostile comment out of the last 50 . 
   he/she is making them out to be the sole `` monster '' in this when they were n't . 
  the question was `` where are the christians causing problems '' and i gave him an example . 
  you are the one qualifying their violence by trying to discuss muslim violence . 
  also , your history of lebanon is incorrect . 
  france created lebanon to be a christian homeland against the wishes of the inhabitants , as shown by the king-crane commission . 
  france 's first proposal was * la syrie francaise * , which was to be from the taurus mountains in turkey to the sinai desert in egypt . 
  then they shrunk this down to greater lebanon . 
  the muslim population of lebanon protested , were killed by the french gendarmerie , and then boycotted the new state for 6 full years . 
   they did n't do anything particularly unique - they just replaced the one empire with two new ones . 
  sorry but this is wrong . 
  they created israel , lebanon , jordan , and pushed for the creation of kuwait , qatar , bahrain , and the other trucial state . 
  they helped the current king of oman usurp his father , and they stopped lebanon from re-joining syria and iraq from joining syria . 
  they also perpetrated massacres in palestine ( see `` the banality of brutality : british armed forces and the repression of the arab revolt in palestine '' by matthew hughes in the english historical review , april 2009 ) most europeans do n't know that the king faisal created a single state , greater syria , that was supposed to unite all the arabs under one state under a secular parliamentary democracy . 
  france invaded at the battle of maysaloun and permanentaly split off syria from iraq . 
  most do n't know that the king-crane commission polled arab opinions in what 's today palestine , lebanon , jordan , and syria , and found that most of the population wanted a single state . 
  professory gregory gause states in his book , `` oil monarchies '' that : `` to lessen the power of any coastal emirate , the british sliced up jurisdictions like salami . '' ( p. 22 ) professor jill crystal wrote in her book `` oil and politics in the gulf '' that the small sheikhdoms kept trying to form a larger state , but : `` as these alliances grew , britain intervened to break them . '', 
  actually you make a very important point here . 
  the ottomans were aware that the empire was crumbling , and actually made an alliance offer to both britain and france . 
  they both rejected it , because they had their eyes on all the ottoman territory . 
  only after that did the ottomans offer an alliance to germany , which accepted , and began shipping modern weapons to them . 
  as for lebanon , that was a french project . 
  france wanted to split up a few more countries as well apart from the christian homeland , they wanted to create a druze homeland and an alawi shia homeland and a sunni homeland . 
  because this sort of nonsense was all the rage at the time in europe . 
  imagine what a shitstorm would 've ensued from that if the syrian uprising had n't pushed the french out . 
  dude ffs ... 
  the hashemites are a family , not an ethnic group . 
  most middle eastern conflicts have not been ethnic . 
  only the kurdish , palestine-israeli , and south sudan are ethnic conflicts . 
  therefore it is not correct to say `` there were still rivalries between all the various ethnic groups and they all still lived in close proximity and would have battled for power . '', 
  here are all the conflicts that are not ethnic : the invasion of kuwait the resulting invasions of iraq the spread of jihadi ideology by saudi arabia syrian civil war yemeni houthi conflict lebanese civil war algerian civil war libyan civil war conflict of western sahara therefore as i stated , referring to `` all the ethnic groups '' is an incorrect cliche . 
  there are far fewer ethnic groups in the middle east north africa than in europe . 
  ah yes , might is right . 
  accept being a minority in our new state or die . 
  first of all - i am specifically not discussing hypotheticals . 
  i specifically stated that there may have been all sorts of conflicts in the region if it was left completely alone , but we ca n't say what those would 've been because the region was n't left alone . 
   the minute someone plays your game and argues for their own hypothetical ( e.g. 
  that the ottomans are the cause of the fuck-up in the middle east ) - it 's now ` totally b.s. ' . 
  that 's not a hypothetical . 
  that 's a historical judgement that needs to be proven by facts . 
  if you have the facts to defend that statement then bring them forth and i 'll gladly discuss . 
   sorry , their perspective is as true as yours . 
  you 're both right , and you 're both wrong . 
  and in either case , it does n't matter . 
  the history is what it is , but none of it excuses atrocities committed by arab terror groups . 
  this is total nonsense . 
  not everyone is both right or wrong , there is such a thing in history as academic consensus .
