  the real question should be : who is buying that oil . 
  possibly true . 
  i 'm not sure how much support the taleban had from locals . 
  it 's very difficult to judge such a thing . 
  much of that support could 've just been anger at the invasion and a `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' thing . 
  but in the case of the state , assad has repeatedly shown that he wants his main enemy to be is . 
  they have no hope of being ideologically threatening to assad 's regime , so he has targeted mainly the moderate groups to create is as an enemy that even assad 's enemies ( the us ) would hate . 
  france has a long history of meddling in the region . 
  they invaded syria in 1920 and ended a secular constitutional monarchy , then they split lebanon from syria against the wishes of most of the ppl living there ( see the king-crane commission ) . 
  back in the 50s they were still busy beheading algerians trying to keep the colony running . 
  they eradicated the teaching of other languages in algeria in an attempt to assimilate them into french culture , to the extent that other arab countries had to send teachers to algeria to reteach them arabic after they gained independence . 
  and since then france has participated in the iraq debacle and have been bombing syria . 
  then everyone acts surprised when terrorists target france . 
  yes let 's ~ ~ go to war ! ~ ~ increase the wars we 're already in !, 
   if they are so unhappy , they should vote to secede form the shia focused areas . 
  yes i 'm sure this will be a major campaign issue in the next elections / s, 
  france and the uk are both currently already at war with is . 
  why is everyone pretending that this was the first act of war when france has already been at war this entire time ? 
  yeah removing the taleban by the coalition of the willing \u00a9 was such a swift and efficient job that removing is should take like one month , two tops . 
  this topic has nothing to do with per capita influx of refugees . 
  again you simply stating useless facts . 
  i 'm sure arabs are the largest minority malta . 
  that has no impact on muslims in the west . 
  secondly , you are wrong about arab migration in the last few years and again try to use sweden as some sort of benchmark for all of europe . 
  anyone who has followed the refugee crisis knows that arab immigration into europe skyrocketed since the syrian civil war . 
  the comment i was responding to was discussing the west . 
  sweden does n't matter at all on that scale and if what you 're saying is true , then it is one of the only western countries in the world where the largest muslim minority is arab . 
  as i already pointed out , this is not true in the us , canada , germany , netherlands , or the uk . 
  so you 've wasted both our time simply to point out that sweden is an anomaly to the general trend of muslim migration to western countries . 
  why are you harping on about sweden as if that is a response to the point raised above ? 
  the guy specifically said `` the west '' . 
  therefore i took a view of the west that includes the us and canada , whereas you only looked at sweden . 
  either way , we both know that the vast majority of arab immigration has taken place in the last 2-3 years , changing the demographics of immigrants in places that accepted syrian and iraqi refugees , sweden being one of them . 
  the us has accepted a tiny amount , as has the uk , and both countries take in far more refugees and immigrants than sweden . 
  in 2014 , germany had 1.5 million turks and just 118,000 syrians foreign nationals . 
  in 2012 arabic speakers numbered 0.5 million and turkish speakers numbered 3 million . 
  source [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_germany ) . 
  in the netherlands in 2015 there were 396,000 turks and kurds , 380,000 moroccans ( including berbers ) , 83,000 former yugoslavs , and the other arab countries did n't even make the list . 
  source [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_netherlands ) . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/arabs_in_the_netherlands ) article states that 85 % of the moroccan immigrants in the netherlands are berbers and not arabs . 
  mainly riffian berbers . 
  and as already discussed , the largest muslim groups in the us , canada , and uk are not arabs either . 
  so you are factually and very obviously wrong , and probably ca n't even distinguish who is arab and who is n't . 
  sweden does n't equal `` the west '' . 
  and i doubt that 's the case even in sweden . 
  there are probably more africans like somalis , nigerians , etc. 
  not to mention turks and balkan muslims . 
  without a doubt the non-arab muslim population in europe and the us is much larger than the arab one . 
  not true at all . 
  most `` here in the west '' ( stupidly vague term ) are probably pakistani and indian , followed by african muslims from central and west africa . 
  it 's only in france that i 'd guess most muslims are arabs and berbers from north africa . 
  i went to public school in finland . 
  we went to church , sang hymns , had christianity class , the whole nine yards . 
  you do n't need to do islamic prayers right on time , you can do them within a window of time before the next one . 
  so it 's odd that the school would even ban prayer at lunch time . 
  obviously it should n't interrupt class . 
  hahaha man i 'm enjoying myself . 
  could n't be less frustrated . 
   you 're characterizing my argument back to you as `` bitching '' , which is was n't : i stated very clearly that your quotes were n't relevant . 
  and i responded to your point already , you just did n't read the sources properly . 
  not going to bother drawing you diagrams if you ca n't read . 
  and the only reason i mock you is for your classic comment : `` you obviously do n't have a strong grasp of the region 's history '' . 
  oh yes , obviously !, 
  how astute good sir !, 
   if you do n't even know that the non-binding resolution that was never implemented ** did not create israel ** , then you clearly are the intellectually dishonest one . 
  ah yes of course . 
  this is why mr. abba eban repeatedly appealed to that resolution to get israel admitted to the u.n. , and repeatedly complained that the arabs were in violation of it and israel was n't . 
  only the proposed partition was never implemented , because the zionist leadership successfully implemented their own plans to conquer the whole territory . 
  the proposal to create a jewish state * was implemented * , according to israel 's foreign minister himself . 
  god you 're not even a good propagandist . 
  tell your bosses to send mark regev in here . 
  he 's a much better liar . 
  i very obviously called you a coward because you asked for references doubting that i had them , and then cried when i provided them to you . 
  if it was an ad hominem i would 've implied that you were wrong * because * you 're a coward . 
  any 5-year old can see clearly that i did n't imply that at all . 
  so yes , you are a first rate intellectual coward who ca n't admit when he 's been proven absolutely and utterly wrong . 
  and i provide quotes because i read these books when i was in academia , and because you literally asked for fucking citations . 
  that 's not an ad hominen you nitwit . 
  go read the definition of what ad hominem is . 
  christ you ca n't get a single thing right . 
  and the document includes the idf as `` jewish operations '' . 
  they 're not all militias . 
  you challenged me to find references telling me i `` clearly do n't have a strong grasp of the history of the region '' . 
  i provided you with several references for each challenge , and even copied out the quotes for you . 
  then you cry about it because you look like a total fool . 
  hahaha i see you are doing your due hasbara diligence . 
  i really hope you get paid for these services to the israeli government that you render each day . 
  ben-gurion quote - i 've already told you about this . 
  and it 's hilarious that you 're making a big issue out of it since you only learned about it yesterday thanks to me . 
  ben-gurion literally wrote `` we must expel the arabs and take their place '' . 
  this is fact . 
  readable to everyone on earth . 
  you find this embarrassing and are trying to make an argument about words that were scribbled out and about context . 
  this is total b.s. , because as ilan pappe has stated - ben-gurion talked openly all the time about expulsion of arabs . 
  in fact , the man is a gold-mine of racist far-right ethnic nationalism and national socialism . 
  regarding the arab states - they intervened to stop a humanitarian disaster than the un had failed to stop . 
  multiple jewish massacres of palestinians and the ethnic cleansing of 391,000 people in a few months . 
   the division of the land was n't a disaster . 
  the palestinian refusal to divide the land at all , and that of the surrounding arab states , was . 
  any normal intelligent human being can understand that it was a disaster .
