  it 's mainly because of your liberal enlightened values i 'm sure !, 
  no i 'm not . 
  you on the other hand are ignoring clear and obvious prejudice and bigoted comments because they suit your preconceived position regarding this topic . 
  if someone said the children of immigrants should `` go home '' in any other context you 'd be up in arms . 
  but in this case it was just a little typo and i 'm being a hysterical whiny baby by pointing it out . 
  we have guys saying `` hitler was right in this case '' , openly stating that they hate islam , and openly advocating jews and muslims `` go home '' . 
  and i 've been accused of being both a leftwing nutjob and a muslim immigrant . 
  but that 's all fine and i 'm behaving in a `` hysterical '' and `` persecuted '' way ? 
  a big lol to you . 
  go read this thread again from the beginning and fyi - i have no intention of getting any of my children circumcized . 
  i purely and sincerely believe that several people on this thread are simply prejudiced bigots masquerading under the guise of liberal values , and that pisses me off . 
  nice i see we 've descended into some ad hominem arguments now . 
  predictable . 
  yes yes i * must * be a leftist nutjob ** and ** a muslim immigrant . 
  since we 're playing this game , i 'm going to guess that you 're a rightwing asseater . 
  i 'm right are n't i ? 
  secondly - you do n't `` have opinions about circumcision '' sweetheart . 
  you stated clearly and unambiguously that `` religious practices do not have any place in our nordic health care system what so damn ever '' . 
  you repeated more than once that muslims and jews should `` go home '' to get the procedure done . 
  and to crown your steaming pile of bigoted bullshit , you do a little hitler praising up in the top comment . 
  but i ca n't read and i 'm just a leftwing nut and a muslim immigrant . 
  meanwhile you 've left more comments in this thread than i have , each getting steadily more rightwing . 
  yes i understood that and agree with that notion , although i think it 's hardly a complicated procedure for a trained doctor and would n't take long at all to train one to do it . 
  but i took offense to the idea that muslims and jews have a `` home '' elsewhere no matter how long they 've been living in a country . 
  and our buddy u/ramblinrambo has repeated that idea several times now what if i 'm a 4th generation pakistani guy living in scotland ? 
  would you tell me to `` go home '' to get my children circumcized , or would that be a completely racist statement to make ? 
  better yet - what if i 'm a british jew ? 
  been in the uk for as long as our family can trace . 
  yet i should still `` go home '' ? 
  or go get the procedure done in turkey or the us or israel ? 
  have a gander at u/ramblinrambo 's comments . 
  especially the little odes to hitler up on the top comment , then come back and tell me i made a mistake and that 's not what they meant at all . 
  i did n't realize i was in a fascist subreddit . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  yes , let 's ban all `` religious practices '' . 
  and all muslims and jews can `` go home '' to get simple procedures done . 
  even if they 're converts . 
  they should still go `` home '' . 
  maybe to mecca or something because that 's their true home amiright ?!? 
  also , what does my reading comprehension have to do with anything when you 've just repeated the exact same notion that i accused him of ? 
  i 'm glad our education system spent all that money trying to correct whatever 's wrong with you . 
  it was for a good cause . 
  are you out of your mind ? 
  what if i 'm a 3rd generation somali living in helsinki . 
  i should still go back to my `` home country '' to get a simple procedure done ? 
  at what point does someone become `` just finnish '' ? 
  4 generations ? 
  do i still go `` home '' after 10 generations to get circumcised ? 
  this is an absurdly racist juvenile conversation . 
  it 's like i 'm surrounded by 15 year olds . 
  what if i 'm a convert ? 
  oh sure , the mawzlimz and jewz should just go back home . 
  does n't matter if his name is pekka hakkarainen . 
  he should still go home to somalia . 
  oh my god this is so fucking retarded . 
  this is the most racist juvenile conversation i 've been involved in in a long time . 
  what if i 'm a 3rd generation somali in finland ? 
  where should i go ? 
  you want me to travel `` back '' to africa to get my children circumcised . 
  what if i 'm a convert ?? 
  which `` home '' do i go to then ? 
  when will you people understand that immigrants at some point are no longer immigrants but natives . 
  how ??? 
  the man literally said that european muslims should go get the procedure done `` in their home countries '' . 
  so that 's not an absurd statement and i 'm just looking to be offended ?? 
  what sub am i in ?? 
  / r/whiterights ? 
  no it was my intention . 
  i was implying that prejudice is a part of the reason for trying to ban it , the same way there was a massive hullabaloo regarding face veils in a country where [ only 50 women actually wear one ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/nov/11/religion.uk ) . 
  that 's 50 women out of around 1 million . 
  as remzem said , this issue should be on the level of mothers getting their daughters ears pierced at an early age . 
  and yet it is n't , and i suspect prejudice has something to do with that . 
  i 'm not saying ethics is completely non-present in the issue , only that it 's clearly not the only element in this . 
  do it in their home countries ? 
  yes , that 's reasonable . 
  all dutch , french , norwegian muslims should `` go back to their home countries '' to get this done . 
  while we 're at it lets send the blacks back too, 
  i suspect this is less about the jews and more about the muslims or maybe both . 
  either way , you nailed the issue right there . 
  this is like all the time spent debating the face veil in holland for the 50 women in the country who wear it . 
  yes the eu does have defence agreements already . 
  i suppose it 's a necessary part of furthering eu unity , which ultimately i 'm for . 
  i just have caveats regarding the belligerence of a few nations that like to gallivant around the world playing world police and id like our government to voice that more . 
  but then why should finland join nato ? 
  is all of europe not enough to face the russian threat ? 
  are you really trying to compare greenland with the sami ? 
  this just shows that you 're ignorant of finnish history . 
  finns and sami are related to one another , and estimates put the number of sami in finland at 9000 ... finnish wikipedia puts their number at 6000 . 
  we have far more somalis and russians than that . 
  perhaps they should have their own country in finland too !, 
  secondly , the finnish government supports sami language initiatives such as sami radio and tv . 
  i do n't know what else you want us to do for a population of 6000-9000 ppl . 
  i think you were primarily thinking of norway , which has a far more checkered history with the sami and kvens . 
  no thank you . 
  personally , i do n't want finland to be part of a ` defence pact ' with the us , uk , and france , in any shape or form . 
  i simply do not want to be associated with belligerent nations waging random dirty wars across the globe . 
  finland managed to make it through the cold war without joining nato , so i do n't think we should lose our heads here . 
  for that reason i 'd be much more willing to support a nordic defence pact . 
  even then i 'd have moral qualms about denmark 's relationship with greenland , but infinitely fewer qualms than with finland joining nato . 
  if you do n't like the ideals of the eu charter that you signed , then lobby your country to leave .
