  it 's that simple . 
  you can create a shitty little backwater and refuse any foreigners or refugees . 
  but do n't sign up to our union and lie about your intentions to abide by its rules . 
  no one is forcing any of these states to remain in the eu if they do n't want to . 
  yes of course , calling for countries to accept refugees is * exactly * what hitler would 've done . 
  you are correct . 
  and threatening to kill leftists on the internet is absolutely not hitleresque . 
  how silly of me !, 
  i 'd bet my right pinky that you 're not even 18 yet . 
  only pimply insecure teenagers think threatening to slaughter ppl on the internet is cool and accomplishes something . 
  hahaha you 're a joke . 
  go back and jerk off to pictures of papa hitler or dreams of slaughtering leftists . 
  you 're a fucking joke . 
  yes requiring all eu states to abide by the charter they signed is traitorous militant leftism now . 
  what an ass hat . 
  if eu states can ignore rules as they please , then the eu is meaningless . 
  sorry to disappoint your anecdotal acquaintances but that is illegal . 
  i 'm born finnish and no one can take that right from me . 
  there are lots of finns who would prefer a nordic union . 
  according to your article 1 in 5 are * syrian * . 
  afghanistan and iraq are also warzones and countries that your country has just invaded and cocked up . 
   the police were defending themselves from rioting migrants throwing concrete at them . 
  that is one video . 
  in others the refugees are clearly unarmed and harmless ( edit : removed liveleak video ) and in others a [ hungarian journalist was tripping and kicking children ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/08/hungarian-nationalist-tv-camera-operator-filmed-kicking-refugee-children ) and in others hungarian police [ are throwing food randomly at caged refugees like zoo animals ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/inhumane-police-throw-food-at-crowds-of-desperate-refugees-in-hungary-10496224.html ) . 
  and not to mention that both [ slovakia ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/08/19/slovakia-will-take-in-200-syrian-refugees-but-they-have-to-be-christian/ ) and [ hungary ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/orban-vi-vill-inte-ha-muslimer-i-vart-land/ ) have stated that they only want to accept christian refugees . 
  directly violating several charters that they have signed . 
   so much for european unity . 
  so much for humanity . 
  if the eu can not make its members humane then fuck the eu . 
  i 'll support a nordic union and the eastern european workers can sort themselves out . 
  kick out the refugees and bring back hundreds of thousands of their own workers . 
  it 's not 1 in 5 , and i 'm talking about refugees . 
  you ca n't lump them all in the same group just because some are migrants . 
  the refugees still need asylum . 
   also , when a refugee enters a safe country then decides to move into another he is then an economic migrant . 
  not necessarily . 
  some countries do not have the capacity to deal properly with this quantity of people , and so it 's only fair that the burden is shared . 
  if hungary insists on treating them like zoo animals then they should have the right to keep moving and hungary should be sanctioned or kicked out of the eu for failing to deal with people humanely . 
  and we are n't talking about people staying forever or getting citizenship . 
  we are talking about asylum for a few years . 
  these are * refugees * - not `` migrants '' . 
  and all of these countries have signed the [ convention relating to the status of refugees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) as well as article 18 of the eu charter of fundamental rights , which [ according to human rights watch ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2015/09/19/hungary-new-border-regime-threatens-asylum-seekers ) , they are violating . 
  so yes , they knew exactly what they signed up for , and if eastern europe refuse to abide by the eu charter , then we , the developed nations of the eu should not let hungarians and poles and croats into our countries to work . 
  end of story . 
  why ? 
  because otherwise `` harm '' will come to our countries and `` bad things will happen '' . 
  if you can use that argument , so can i. 
  that is what they signed up for . 
  the entire concept of the eu is the free movement of labour and the free movement of capital . 
  western europe is `` swarming '' with eastern european workers thanks to the eu . 
  now eastern european countries have to accept some people and are crying about it and treating them like zoo animals . 
  i 'll remember this next time i hear a hungarian or croatian complaining about discrimination in the uk or germany . 
   the spring already took on a shiite-sunni nature in the arab peninsular and egypt saw attacks on christians increase . 
  egypt saw attacks on christians much later on when the anti-mb movement rose . 
  overall it was a very anti-sectarian revolution when it was about getting rid of mubarak . 
  the peninsula never really had a revolution with the reception of bahrain where the shia majority are oppressed . 
  but neither is really relevant to syria and iraq , since a simultaneous uprising in these places would have combined millions of people against a shia leader and a sunni leader . 
   to pretend it would have become an anti-tyrant movement is foolish . 
  they were all anti-tyrant movements when they began . 
   suppose the us-led invasions had never happened post 9/11 . 
  the arab spring would 've still occurred about this , the arab spring would surely have still occurred . 
  except it would 've occurred in iraq as well as syria had the `` coalition of the willing '' never invaded iraq . 
  and this is very important . 
  because assad was a shia leader and saddam a sunni one . 
  when the violence started in syria , violent sunni groups in iraq immediately took advantage of the situation . 
  those sunni groups only came into existence as a result of the us invasion and the removal of saddam and the creation of what they saw as a repressive shia government . 
  and they had nearly ten years of organized violence in iraq to bring to the table . 
  so had a popular revolution sprung in syria and iraq simultaneously , it would n't have been sectarian . 
  it would 've been against dictatorships of all kinds and the people of syria and iraq would 've been united with their brethren in egypt and tunisia in trying to topple hated dictators . 
  instead , it turned into an armed sunni struggle to topple a shia leader to weaken iran and the predominantly shia government in iraq , with a decade worth of experience in armed violence and established networks of support from the oil kingdoms of the gulf to far-right sunni militias . 
  now we can only speculate as to how saddam would 've reacted , but saddam and assad were enemies . 
  and if they both resorted to chemical weapons or massacres , i think it would 've been easier to justify foreign intervention because both leaders represented shia and sunni dictatorship . 
  so the whole affair would 've been strictly about tyranny . 
  israel also competes in it . 
  which part of europe is israel in ? 
  oh that 's right , the colonial part, 
  what a terrible article . 
  using hezbollah members from `` the 80s and 90s '' ?? 
  are they referring to the israeli invasion and occupation of lebanon which is what sparked the creation of hezbollah in the first place ? 
  how on earth is that similar to european born isil members ? 
  hezbollah is an umbrella organization with a political party , hospitals , and a militia . 
  it is far right and its main underlying ethos is the protection of shias and their rights , as lebanon , a french creation , has always marginalized the shia as the largest minority group in the country . 
  tldr : totally shitty anecdote to use, 
  yes it could , but again , there 's no actual hard evidence that this is happening . 
  it 's just repeated so often on reddit that it 's become completely accepted as fact . 
  i personally think it was probably true back in 2011 when the saudis were funding and arming anyone who was opposed to assad , but that it was stopped very quickly when isil established themselves as anti-saudi and began to cause major blowback for the kingdom . 
  today i think there 's no doubt that the saudi government is very much anti-isil . 
  but this reddit notion that this whole thing can be stopped by just getting saudi to stop funding them is a joke . 
  they make their revenue in other ways , mostly through the sale of oil and antiquities . 
  and someone is buying what they 're selling . 
  isil directly referenced the sykes-picot treaty in one of their first videos . 
  when they announced that they were creating a state they said plainly : we are finally destroying sykes-picot . 
  therefore it 's relevant to a discussion of isil , who they recruit , and what their message is to their audience . 
  plus the colonial wars in morocco and algeria . 
  people forget that in the 50s france was still out there actively beheading people in the sahara for calling for independence . 
  then there 's the splitting up of the levant abs creating the state of lebanon out of thin air against the wishes of the people living in the region . 
  ( see the king-crane commission ) . 
  there 's also the treaty of sevres . 
  why have isil attacked saudi if they 're funding them ? 
  the truth is that there is no hard evidence that saudi or qatar is funding them and they make their profits through oil sales .
