  and no one is excusing arab terror groups , i 'm simply explaining their existence and putting them into their historical context . 
  it is this article and all its fanboys who are insisting on a binary `` europe not to blame only arabs to blame '' while being careful not to actually discuss any single conflict or issue . 
  lol of course i 've heard of the ottoman empire , but it seems that that 's * all * you 've heard of . 
  the modern conflicts were not caused by the ottomans because the ottoman system was decentralized local role in a wider federation . 
  the policy was called `` several nations , one state '' , and in arabic * ittihad al-ansar la tawhiduha '' * ( a federated , rather than an assimilationist , unity among the empire 's elements . ), 
  in fact , the arab revolt of 1916 was caused precisely by ottoman attempts to centralize the state and turkify non turkish parts of the empire . 
  right before the collapse of the empire , the cup party mandated that arabic must be taught in arab regions by turkish teachers , and that lawsuits must be held in turkish . 
  these were some of the most hated policies in arab regions . 
  having said all that , the creation of saudi arabia , the statelets of kuwait , qatar , uae , the partitioning of syria and lebanon and israel , the neglect of the kurds - these are all british and french ventures . 
  what 's your source ? 
  i do n't think this is true at all post-nasser . 
  he removed any references to islam from the constitution and established a free public school system and a campaign to reduce illiteracy . 
  the vast majority of egyptians went to state schools that were more nationalistic than anything else . 
  of course , many parents took their children out of schools to work , and illiteracy has steadily risen since sadat , but education was definitely not provided by mosques and churches in lieu of state schooling . 
  look you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about and have to resort to this muslim lands lebensraum nonsense . 
  as i explained to someone else just now : the palestinians rejected the state proposed by the u.n. because the proposed jewish state would be larger than the palestinian state and would have a 45 % minority of palestinians . 
  the proposed palestinian state was smaller and would 've been 99 % palestinian . 
  what 's more , a majority of the land in the proposed jewish state was owned by palestinians . 
  so why on earth would the 45 % minority accept that ?? 
  secondly , the arab states only interfered in the conflict in may 1948 , after 300,000 palestinians had been ethnically cleansed and widespread news of massacres by zionist forces . 
  this is all well documented and you can read about it by picking up any mainstream israeli history book on the issue , by benny morris , avi shlaim , ilan pappe , zeev maoz , etc. 
  what you 're saying is directly contradicted by the government of britain itself . 
  the british government established a committee in 1939 to investigate its actions in palestine , and concluded : `` in the opinion of the committee it is , however , evident from these statements that ** his majesty 's government were not free to dispose of palestine without regard for the wishes and interests of the inhabitants of palestine ** ... '' britain created israel by drafting the balfour declaration and then actively supporting the creation of a jewish state in palestine , which was finally implemented in 1947 by the u.n. arthur balfour , who originally pledged the british government to the zionist project , clearly shows his disregard : `` and zionism , be it right or wrong , good or bad , is rooted in age-long traditions , in present needs , in future hopes , of far greater import than the desires and prejudices of the 700,000 arabs who now inhabit that ancient land . '', 
  also , ben-gurion 's memoirs state that israel was the first to start the war . 
  and finally , the palestinians rejected the state proposed by the u.n. because the proposed jewish state would be larger than the palestinian state and have a 45 % minority of palestinians . 
  the proposed palestinian state was smaller and would 've been 99 % palestinian . 
  what 's more , a majority of the land in the proposed jewish state was owned by palestinians . 
  why on earth would the 45 % minority accept that ? 
  * watch this video by & lt ; insert hate preacher with no qualifications here  explaining why these ancient hateful europeans have been at war ever since the romans !, 
  what conflicts in the middle east are caused by the treatment of women and gays ? 
  or has this conversation descended now to `` everything is not europe 's fault therefore nothing is '' ? 
  europe did n't cause my car crash either . 
  it * did * cause many on-going conflicts in the middle east and africa and asia . 
  hahaha wow many logics !, 
  so you 're saying that britain creating israel as a jewish homeland in palestine was not causal to the conflict ? 
  or france 's creation of a christian homeland was not causal to the lebanese civil war ? 
  or britain 's military and monetary support of the al-saud family totally unconnected from the al-saud conquering arabia with a mercenary army ? 
  no you 're right , no connection whatsoever !, 
  hahah so how is anatolia any more violent than europe was in the last 100 years ? 
  they 're incomparable . 
  it 's factual to point out that europeans killed 100-200 million people in ww1 and ww2 , and then they like to discuss how everyone else is so violent . 
  totally b.s. 
  you mean peaceful like serbia ? 
  montenegro ? 
  albania ? 
  or europe in the 1930s and 40s ? 
  anatolia is and has always been more peaceful than europe . 
  europe becomes peaceful for like 10 years and all of a sudden everyone forgets that the largest killing in human history has taken place in europe . 
  what ethnic groups ? 
  people like you who obviously do n't know modern middle eastern history like to throw out these sorts of empty cliches , like that there are many ethnic groups battling each other forever . 
  it 's an obvious fact that many conflicts would 've been avoided if european colonial powers had not messed things up , like the israeli-palestinian conflict , the kurdish conflict , the creation of saudi arabia , invasion of kuwait , etc etc. 
  most of these have nothing to do with ethnicity . 
  and i already said that there might have been other conflicts . 
  we just ca n't know what they were because most of these conflicts are very obviously a direct result of european state building projects . 
  haha it 's obvious that the one and only thing you know about the middle east is that there see shias and sunnis . 
  and yes , of course shias are killing sunnis literally everywhere in the middle east . 
  good job . 
  it 's a fact that the us tried to squash communism in the region by supporting far right islamist regimes . 
  those regimes supported jihadists and spread jihadi ideology that the us is now battling in iraq and syria . 
  do the minimum and at least read the wikipedia pages on these countries . 
  egypt , syria , and iraq have been secular states since the 1950s and earlier . 
  and fyi - they 're not killing each other because of religion , they 're killing each other to see which group gets control , and because there are no strong national identities in the middle east that would supersede religious identities . 
  this article is totally devoid of information or historical context . 
  the brutal regimes and radical islam are a direct consequence of the colonial regimes . 
  it 's highly unlikely that ibn saud would 've conquered the territory of arabia had britain not paid him 100,000 pounds a year for several years so that he could pay for a mercenary army . 
  had they not done this , the far more liberal hashemites would 've spread their own brand of islam . 
  and had the european powers not created israel , the israeli-palestinian conflict would n't have happened . 
  had there been different borders , the kurdish separatist movement would n't have developed or saddam 's violence against them . 
  different borders would also have avoided the iraqi invasion of kuwait and the following american interventions into iraq . 
  we can also thank france for creation of lebanon as a christian homeland and the resulting lebanese civil war . 
  so `` sykes-picot '' as a shorthand for the colonial creation of arab states is definitely the cause of most arab problems and wars today . 
  this is n't to say that we would n't have had conflicts or wars without the colonial period , but we ca n't say what those would have been . 
  the reality is that we did have colonialism , and most of our serious problems today are a direct result of that period . 
  forgot to add the whole western sahara issue to the list of european colonial cock-ups . 
  as well as the sudanese civil war and separation of south sudan . 
  yes exactly . 
  you were saying they need secular education , and i pointed out to you that most have had secular education since the 1950s . 
  egypt and syria and iraq and turkey have all been just as secular , if not more secular than italy or several eastern european states , just as an example . 
  see the right wing christian militias in lebanon . 
  the phalange , or kataeb , perpetrated the sabra and shatila massacres . 
  you can find plenty of full on racist interviews on youtube with their leader , bachir gemayyel . 
  they modelled themselves on the nazi party in the 30s and even adopted the nazi salute . 
  lol . 
  most of the middle east is already secular . 
  egypt was secular under mubarak , tunisia under ben ali , and syria under assad , iraq under baath - all authoritarian dictators . 
  for that matter , i 've lived in finland and in the middle east , and in finland i was forced to take christianity class . 
  in the middle east ( kuwait and egypt ) i was n't forced to take any religion class . 
  this was 20 years ago , but puts things in perspective for you . 
  i guess it 's similar to golden dawn infiltrating the greek military . 
  teenaged boys playing soldiers are never the deepest thinkers . 
  this is the dumbest comment i 've seen in years . 
  are you a teenager ? 
  obesity is a health problem . 
  being brown is n't . 
  you can choose to not `` like '' anything you want , but when the government clearly makes a law targeting brown people then that is racist . 
  do n't insult our intelligence with this kind of garbage comparison . 
  that 's an ad hominem argument . 
  he likely suffers from [ cultural cringe ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_cringe ) or is just a regular idiot . 
  the statement `` descendents of non western countries '' is unequivocally racist . 
  it means it does n't matter where you 're from or how long you 've been in denmark or what your personal views are : the government sees you as a demographic threat because you are n't white .
