  in many ways , we should welcome this figure , but let me explain myself before you call me a pedophile rapist ... 
  i 'd imagine this is linked more to the fact that nowadays more and more sexual crimes against children are being reported , rather than that they are necessarily on the rise . 
  in the uk , people are finally feeling able to speak up , either about abuse in the past , or that which is ongoing , the issue is no longer being hidden from police , so in many ways this is a good thing , it means that : - more victims will now be receiving support having reported the crime - society is becoming more understanding of the causes of the crime and less children are suffering in silence - the police will have greater power to ensure that serial pedophiles and rapists are not allowed to continue operating - the government will have more accurate statistics to allow them to create policy which will help us eradicate this tl ; dr it 's not necessarily the number of sexual crimes against children going up , but rather the number of reports of them, 
  you know , if you want to move back in , i hear we 'll have some room if scotland leaves ... ^ ^ * moves ^ ^ over ^ ^ to ^ ^ make ^ ^ place ^ ^ on ^ ^ bed ^ ^ and ^ ^ taps ^ ^ it *, 
  i hope that this scumbag rots in jail for a long time ... 
  generally , everyone is fighting over the eu referendum still ... that and the us election ( even though it is n't in our country ), 
  i did n't say that ... and no , of course it is n't , but it 's already going that way the point is , the referendum still acts as a decent reference point for the eu campaign . 
  i do all the same agree the scots acted in a better way than the uk has in europe all the same . 
  also , for future reference , i 'm a welshman living in yorkshire ... 
  i can completely understand this , it 's why i welcome the idea of a two tier union , so we can stop getting in the bloody way of the closer integration ( federalization ) whilst still remaining involved . 
  i think you 've just described the vote no and vote yes campaigns in the referendum ... 
  as someone who lives in south yorkshire i can tell you the honest reason , because our police force : a ) does n't have enough bloody money or investigators to follow cases which can not be quickly or easily solved ... b ) as you said , does n't want to focus on cases involving ethnic minorities for fear of being called racist ... c ) did n't realize the scale of the abuse being carried out until recently ... [ in the case of rotherham , please note , not all of the perpetrators were muslims of middle eastern origin -- http://www.thestar.co.uk/news/more-complainants-come-forward-following-successful-prosecution-of-rotherham-child-sex-grooming-gang-1-7761322], 
  the same reason the rest of the uk did n't get to vote in the scottish referendum , because it 's a matter that concerns the uk population 's affairs and although it will affect europe , we reserve the right to define our own future ... 
  this was the exact thing i said around 1 year ago when this crisis was first starting ... we need to focus less on rhetoric and wide-sweeping statements and more on getting the european community to work together to ensure what happened last summer does n't happen again ... 
  in the history books , it seems likely that the divisions within european policy will be cited as the main reason for the massive human cost of this crisis ... 
  we 're you guys watching eurovision last year ? 
  australia is moving in with us !, 
  my bad , what i should probably sub that out with , is any commons floor ` debate ' involving david cameron and the leader of the opposition . 
  it always seems to end in petty insults being thrown from both sides and a variety of farm animal noises ... 
  corbyn did this week , he responded that his mother would want to fight for the nhs , or something to that effect . 
  he 's already picked up his game after this , he 's realized it 's just the tories using the dead cat tactic . 
  pmqs is a complete joke , all the actual work is done by committees . 
  it was quite weird to talk to my so about this , when helping her out with geography work relating to european countries , i noticed that kosovo actually appeared on her map , it still does n't on many in the uk ... 
  i do n't deny her promience , although i disagree with much of her policy , i 've always said that she was the pm with the most balls since clement attlee and that 's saying something considering she was a woman !, 
  agreed , her modernisation was entirely necessary , however , in many cases , she could have been more ` humanitarian ' in her approach . 
  try saying that in yorkshire ... you 'd be killed ... thatcher may have benefited some parts of the uk , but not all , her policies were misguided and still damage the country today ... 
  exited about the concept of the uk or exited about the fact that we may stop giving the rest of europe hell for around a year before we start complaining again ? 
  i always found it interesting how the uk and the poles see themselves as allies against the interests of eu nations like france and germany , why do you think this is ? 
  to be fair , if you live anywhere further north than birmingham , the weather right now has been a constant drizzle with the occasional interjection of wind , it 's pretty shit ... 
  we drew the maps dammit , we are the centre of the world !, 
  how dare you not think of britannia, 
  i do n't think anyone loves us anymore ... 
  i like to think of the uk as sort of like a senile old man , our children ( the colonies ) have all left , our wife ( france ) asked for a divorce years ago but still comes by to visit on occasion , we keep randomly screaming abuse at the neighbors ( the eu ) whilst our eldest son ( the us ) keeps us in the old people 's home and occasionally takes us out on trips . . 
  we have a collective name , we call it the media ... 
  believe it or not , there is often bias within it ... 
  we 've already somewhat done that , the gdp growth of russia is down by 3.7 % and inflation is up by 12.9 % and that 's not just because of losses in the oil market . 
  britain 's downfall started long before it 's membership of the eu in the 1970s , the empire was essentially disbanded by 1948 , for better or for worse . 
  the eu gives the uk international standing and a economic and political relationship with europe which it needs to maintain it 's prowess , not to mention the fact that eu laws give british citizens vital rights which those of many other nations do not possess . 
  britain is not in a worse state than it was before joining , in fact , it has benefited massively from the eu , we should n't forget that . 
  but we 'd never talk to each other if it were n't for complaining about the weather , it 's the one thing which unifies us , other than tea !, 
  first of all , no we ca n't negotiate many of those policies without putting ourselves in the situation of norway , in that case , why bother leaving at all ... as for the second point : `` brexit would be disastrous for ireland . 
  the former irish prime minister john bruton says it would `` undo much of the work of the peace process and create huge questions over borders and labour market access '' . 
  there are more than 380,000 irish citizens living in britain , who do have a vote in this referendum , and millions of brits ( including me ) with irish ancestry . 
  if you care about ireland , vote to remain . '', 
  - our travel agreements ( border movements and health insurance ) - eu travelers rights - several of our free trade agreements . 
  - free movement of goods - our scientific collaboration . 
  - trade and investment from countries outside the eu who want to enter the market via the uk - human rights protections just to name a few things . 
  i hate to quote nixon , but in truth , the silent majority carries the most power . 
  if we leave , many things in the uk are going to completely go to shit ... 
  if only the population would understand that ... 
  the same reason that the scottish people got a vote in their referendum and the average uk citizen did n't , as the issue concerns their future and their territory , although it will affect others , they have the right to self-define their future . 
  i 'll be honest , there are actually a fair few brits who are relatively pro-eu , it 's just that they are n't usually as loud and shouty as those who are ... 
  can we meet in the middle , 13.5 % ? 
  if only , but ever since the 1980s , the uk has tried to drive itself away from europe and pretend it 's a little baby usa ... 
  unfortunately , it is n't ... 
  it 's some of the uk government 's stupidest legislation yet , but the opposition is too weak to stand up against it . 
  good argument , i agree with the premise , but perhaps you can develop it more ? ... 
  / s this comment section is for viable debate , not name calling ... 
  i live in a relatively rural region and have talked to local farmers in great depth about this , who 've tried various different slaughterhouses for their animals . 
  the unanimous statement was that ; in those where they had been allowed to watch the process , it was clear that the boltgun method was the most efficient and quick , especially for the slaughter of cows . 
  i 'm led to my conclusion by what the experts who have seen the processes carried out say , not by my own opinion . 
  i 'll say one thing , it does not look particularly humanitarian to leave an animal writhing about for about 20-30 secs after having cut it 's throat and hung it upside down , in * some * cases whilst the animal is still conscious . 
  i have no issue with a prayer being said before an animal slaughter ( what halal and kosher should actually be in my opinion ) , but i would argue that we can not let the advice of a 2000 year old book on animal slaughter ( which essentially tries to advise the quickest and less stressful way at the time ) to continue to apply in the way we carry out the process today , especially when we have much more efficient methods of carrying it out available . 
  i 'll be perfectly honest , the only method of slaughter which i think should be used is bolt stunning done by professionals ( in the case of larger animals ) , it 's quick , clean , efficient and much better in terms of animal welfare and stress reduction ... 
  we 've had vigilante 's on the streets for weeks have n't you heard that london is full of muslim patrols and entirely a no-go area ? 
  / s in all seriousness , this is media fear-mongering at it 's finest , we are not going to suddenly have mob justice on the streets any time soon ... 
  these people will be dealt with at the first chance to police get , as per usual . 
  if i 'm correct there are more americans of norwegian origin than there are norwegians in norway ? 
  edit : just found it here : http://www.omgfacts.com/lists/5827/there-are-more-people-of-norwegian-ancestry-in-america-than-in-norway, 
  remember , when brits go to other european countries , they are ` expats ' and hence deserve to be treated like gods . 
  however , when other nationalities come here , the are filthy immigrant scum and we should send them all back where they belong . 
  - it 's the circle of hypocrisy ... 
  from / u/this _ sort_of_thing 's comment earlier : '' it really is n't . 
  they have a far more robust defence industry , they have energy security with nuclear power , they have a good domestic high speed rail industry , they 've got a domestic aviation and space program that is the foundation for airbus and the esa . 
  on top of that they have nukes , unsc permanent status . 
  stuff the uk also has , but they 've got more at home . 
  they 're far less reliant on the us . 
  they also have a car industry that has n't gone to complete shit . 
  you compare france and uk , and whilst the uks economy looks better on paper due to the london financial industry on the ground france is doing better and is far more balanced , '', 
  have you actually read any of the survey information , or are you going purely off stereotypes about the subreddit ? ... 
  i 'm afraid to say that the guardian backed syriza , the party who held the flippin ' vote ... ( also the vote was n't to leave at all , it was whether to take the settlement presented by the ecb ) do n't tell me , you 'd prefer if they 'd used the express or the mail , who could n't present facts if their lives depended on it ? ... 
  i 'll be honest , no , ireland does n't have as much `` clout '' as china , however , i 'd still say it 's a bloody nice country and deserves more recognition ... 
  i 'm sorry to say , this sub are n't `` britain haters '' they are just realistic and understand that the year is not 1921 when britain was at the peak of empire . 
  yes , we are still a robust country , however , it 's arguable that right now france and the uk are on a relatively similar footing , however in france , the wealth is a lot more spread out rather than being london-centric like in the uk . 
  also , what ? ... 
  if anyone is fading into obscurity it is the uk right now , we 've cut back our public services and our military and pursued an isolationist foreign policy in relation to europe ... 
  call me un-patriotic , but i do n't think that many will agree that the uk is on the right path to becoming the great britain it once was ... 
  i was once told : most countries are either divided north vs south ( the uk and italy come to mind ) or east vs west ( countries like germany and ukraine come to mind ) . 
  spain however , is divided north , east , south , southwest and central all against each other with madrid trying to keep the mess held together ... 
  i do n't understand what we did ? 
  it 's not like we caused multiple famines in your country or anything ... and i do n't remember us having any kind of dispute involving paramilitaries ? ... 
  seriously , apologies for the dickish way we 've treated you for the last couple of hundred years , we love you really ... 
  `` we 'll build a great big beautiful wall and make the canadians pay for it '', 
  i would n't necessarily say that is the case , i think the average working class person still feels a sense of patriotism towards the uk and could easily feel that a united europe would detract from that . 
  understandably , considering the complacency of the government relating to the migrant crisis ... 
  i 've only ever been to northern france so did n't want to make a sweeping statement , however what i will say about the areas i did visit , it was clear that french culture was more distinct , yet it did n't feel completely alien once i got used to listening to the language . 
  germany felt relatively similar to the netherlands ( although saying that , i 've only ever been to hamburg , so once again , ca n't comment for the whole country ) , quite frankly it was the same situation , i failed to see many cultural differences between west germany and the uk except for the fact that the road network was better designed and the greater language difference . 
  i 'd say yes , there is some apathy towards germany , but it 's slowly diluted into the occasional joke about not mentioning the war , as opposed to the genuine hatred which i 've seen purveyed against some people from the middle east and east africa . 
  for me , the further south-east in europe , the greater the cultural difference i found , hence why prague felt so distinct for me . 
  i would n't say that is the only reason : there has also been conflict over uk parliamentary sovereignty as well as the fact that many uk citizens still do n't feel prepared to continue with a ` ever-closer union ' .
