  egalitarianism is about giving everyone the ability to succeed , which means that eventually , in egalitarian society ( due to the fact that both are equally able ) , both women and men would fill roles - and the best would be chosen for their qualification , not their gender . 
  our mess is no better , both of our major parties have been using ` all-women shortlists ' for a while and our government is already enforcing positive action quotas ... 
  our government is n't exactly much better in this aspect ... 
  positive discrimination quotas are already in place in most major political parties and both labour and the conservatives have used ` all-women shortlists ' . 
  as well as this , in several governmental branches and departments , similar quotas are being enforced to attempt to level out pay gaps and employment stats ... 
  well , yes and no - it 's on a similar level to the link between the writings of darwin ( more specifically evolutionary theory ) and the holocaust . 
  to blame marx for the actions of a paranoid autocrat is comparable to blaming darwin for the murder of 9 million people . 
  - the connection is somewhat there , but still not really 'cause and effect ' . 
  i 've got to question the sentiment there ? 
  - what do you mean by ` people in denial ' ? 
  here in the canary islands , we 've seen the opposite effect - we 're at 90 % occupancy due to the fact that people are afraid to go to places like egypt , tunisia , turkey and morocco . 
  `` lmao '' - i 'd take your straw man down if i were you ... 
  the issue with that is that it 'd crush institutions like the catholic church ... 
  more like , the united kingdom of some of england and a bit of wales ... 
  [ tell me about it ... ] ( http://www.islandconnections.eu/1000003/1000043/0/36441/daily-news-picture.html ), 
  that 's perfectly understandable point of view , however unfortunately , it 's not the way it has been perceived , mainly due to the rhetoric which many of our politicians have been spewing recently . 
  the same could be said of the us bible belt - it 's a massive and highly diverse place , but is still known for being highly christian . 
  a similar thing could be said of parts of eastern london - it 's more about reputation than fact . 
  look , i understand the sentiment , but please remember , that a fair chunk of the uk does n't agree with leaving the eu and similarly , does n't act in the way you describe . 
  yes , there are people here who infuriate me because of their attitude , but at the same , time , insulting them wo n't change that attitude . 
  this was the route opened up to speed up transfer to istanbul right ? 
  - it looks incredibly impressive, 
  best thing is , it was probably a european car in the first place ... because we already decimated a good chunk of our automobile industry . . also , [ insert comment by brexiteer about how ` everyone is patronising and that is why we left ' here ], 
  [ i ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_political_scandals_in_the_united_kingdom ) [ would n't ] ( http://www.transparency.org.uk/panama-papers-expose-uk-role-in-global-corruption/ ) [ be ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/roberto-saviano-britain-corrupt-mafia-hay-festival-a7054851.html ) [ so ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/uks-hypocrisy-nigerian-corruption-1560294 ) [ sure ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/mar/18/corruption-rife-britain ) [ about ] ( http://www.cityam.com/240989/the-uk-government-must-tackle-corruption-at-home ) [ that ... ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/corruption-experts-brand-david-camerons-government-extraordinarily-inept-a6836101.html ), 
  well , from the sounds of reports i 've been getting , it 's * mainly * been targeted at people with non-white british backgrounds and has consisted of mainly vocal abuse on public transport , with some assaults , targeted attacks and ( of course ) the murder of an mp . 
  the main reason we think it is happening is as ultra-right forces now believe their views have been validated and hence are starting to act on them . 
  other than the markets - they do n't really care what happens politically - markets hate uncertainty , hence it looks like we 're heading for another 2008 if more measures are n't taken by central banks around the world . 
  i would n't be so sure - with the way global markets are looking , we are n't necessarily recovering any time soon . 
  all i 'd say is that , it looks like the world economy is about to take a plunge - hence , owning physical wealth may well be worth more than currency . 
  that 's what ubs are saying at least ... 
  i 'd rather say , 52 % did n't like the eu , or wanted to attack the uk government . 
  of course , we have our racists , our xenophobes and our bigots , but the majority of people here still view europeans in a positive light . 
  i thought so , it 's one of the best researched and eloquently written pieces of political writing i 've read in a while - even if i did n't always agree with it . 
  the / u/occasionallogic is correct , i won a competition , hence , i was given a shiny - i also got to choose the header image this week . 
  oh yes we can ... never doubt britain , we started at least 4 wars and 2 genocides just for our cup of tea in the morning ... we 'll strap massive bloody motors to the side of england and relocate it to somewhere in the middle of the atlantic , where it 'd be warmer ... 
  x-post / r/videos https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/4ovh1m/irish_football_fans_sing_lullabies_to_french_baby/, 
  ` in the loop ' is a very similar one worth watching as well - which also goes into us politics too ... 
  i mean , as a brit , even i do n't know ... 
  esentiall this government 's approach is very simple - make it look like they care , when in truth , they are as in favour of mass migration as the labour party is ... 
  you do realise that access to the common market is free trade right ? 
  in the event that the eu was already breaking down , this would be a different situation , but it is n't ... 
  i may not always agree with him , but i ca n't doubt that it was a great read . 
  i prefered ` the establishment ' of his two books - it was so incredibly well researched !, 
  i do wish he 'd publish again , i prefer his books to his column ( not to say that i do n't enjoy reading that either ! ), 
  wait , i did n't know we had 2 south africans here !, 
  this is a magical moment !, 
  well , i would have gone for the welsh flag - however that would n't be representative , as i live in england , hence i went for one which covers both - for the sake of clarity . 
  i think , the fear is that if we do leave , we 've got almost no chance at all to attempt reform - and other european nations would still be as irritated at us ( if not possibly more ) . 
  they handled it excellently , moving the crowd nice and slow , whilst avoiding confrontation - i wish we 'd have seen more incidents being dealt with like this ... 
  i 'd say it is much better . 
  there is a massive difference between making a little noise and starting a fight whilst throwing flares at people ... 
  colour me surprised ... 
  that just sounds like some type of medical ointment ... `` apply engleave twice a day to protect you from uncontrolled immigration '' `` engleave will help to revitalize your sovereignty ! '', 
  `` please note , engleave may cause unwanted side-affects such as financial crash , recession and ultra-nationalism '', 
  i 'd agree with you there - i 'd like a forum for public debate relating to issues and more direct democracy - ( the swiss system comes to mind perhaps ? ), 
  - however , at the same time , it would be much harder logistically . 
  i also really hate the way that this referendum has been carried - with the remain campaign trying to brand farage ( even if i do n't like him ) as literally hitler . 
  whilst on the other hand , the leave campaign has seemed to spend a lot of time arguing about how experts are all ` vested interests ' or that they have been ` bribed ' . 
  it would have be nice if both sides could have sat down and suggest what they plan for after the referendum ( which neither seem to have made clear ) and why they think we should leave or remain ( i.e what is the eu doing , what are the main issues with it and is it worth leaving ) . 
  however , unfortunately , the uk political environment has become awfully toxic - not just because of this referendum , but in general - and change wo n't be coming around any time soon ... 
  i 'm a welshman by heritage and would define myself as a ` welsh european ' over an ` english brit ' ( though i was born in oxford ) . 
  i 'd say that the eu has benefited parts of wales more than the uk government has ( looking at the heads of the valleys rejuvenation and they work the commission has done around swansea front ) . 
  all the same , a lot of the people i know from wales are eurosceptic ( mainly due to fears over immigration ) , so i 'm not completely representative . 
  i agree , i personally think it should have run on for a lot longer than it has - considering its significance . 
  well , we get an election every 5 years , the last time eu referendum we had was more than 40 years ago !, 
  i 'd be up for that , i usually stay up for election nights ( [ this was my ` setup ' last year ] ( http://imgur.com/1zwlehh ) ) - i 'd be very happy to get involved if you need an extra hand !, 
  edit : i 'm doing ` get out the vote ' until 8pm , but i ought to be able to get in on the action after that point ... 
  it seems that you were right - the power of sentiment is much more significant - we 'll see what the polling says on monday . 
  making prejudgments to counter those of others hardly help ... 
  it rather just puts you on their level . 
  we do n't know that for certain - and can not be sure ... 
  please , hold back from making assumptions before the facts come out . 
  i do n't doubt there will be an influence , but that 's not really what people here in the uk are thinking about right now - the nation is currently in shock . 
  it is everything to do with british political life however - which has come to a halt completely ... - it seems likley the referendum may be moved to a later date . . 
  yes , it 's a meeting which mps hold with their constituents to talk about upcoming issues in the area and to discuss opinions on issues . 
  the weapon used was believed to have been an improvised one or an older weapon - we do n't know yet . 
  surely the focus of this should not be on the suspended referendum campaign , but rather on the loss of a prominent mp and an amazing woman ? 
  we will wait and see , but please , avoid politicization in this thread . 
  - focus on the loss of ms cox , rather than her attacker . 
  it 's the kind of thing we should n't have expect anywhere ... democracy and violence should not mix ... 
  i agree , i 'd much prefer if we made this a thread of remembrance , rather than one of conspiracy . 
  - rest in peace jo cox . 
  dee collins says she is not able to say at present . 
  but the police want witnesses to come forward . 
  q : had jo ever expressed worry about safety at her surgeries ? 
  not to my knowledge , says burns-williamson . 
  dee collins says another person , a 77-year-old man , was attacked . 
  jo cox was declared dead by a paramedic at the scene , she says . 
  she says the area is a crime scene and a full investigation is taking place . 
  she asks the media to respect the privacy of the victims ' family . 
  the inquiry is at an early stage , and an individual is under arrest . 
  the police are not able to discuss motives at this time , she says . 
  ms cox has passed away due to the attack according to west yorks police . 
  at 1:48 she was pronounced deceased . 
  chris grayling : attack is ` terrible part of the way that a democracy has to work ' posted at 17:13 when you see something like this happening to a new young mp who 's made a real influence in politics , a real impact in politics , well you just think this is a terrible part of the way that a democracy has to work . 
  we are exposed , we are at risk and when something like this happens it draws the whole political family together regardless of political persuasion , in shock but also in i think just wanting to express love best wishes prayers to her and her family . 
  chris grayling leader of the house of commons, 
  it sounds like that gentleman may be in hospital at this time - although we do n't know for certain . 
  the attacker has been named locally as tommy mair . 
  jo cox mp for batley and spen is in a critical condition after suffering serious injuries in an apparent shooting and stabbing attack in her constituency .
