  well , they have no legal protection , are commonly harassed by security forces ( i 'm not sure if you would be familiar with a channel 4 documentary in which security forces are shown beating up an undercover reporter and abusing migrants ) and other migrants , live in temporary accommodation which is not fit for purpose ( especially at this time of year ) and there are alleged issues with food , water and medical supplies to the camp . 
  personally , i do n't think they are as `` safe '' as we suggest , yes , they are n't in a warzone , but their security is not assured all the same . 
  personally i disagree that the australian system is the way forward ( offshore containment is what i assume you are eluding to ? 
  ) : ^ cited ^ from ^ a ^ previous ^ comment : `` http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-australia-31827074 '' `` http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-23387514 '' `` http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-26236157 '' --------------------------------------------------------------------------- you may note that in 1992 mandatory detention was implimented , yet it failed to have an impact on levels of immigration , which continued to grow up to 2008 . 
  - https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c0/abs-3401.0-overseasarrivalsdeparturesaustralia-totalmovementarrivals_categorymovement-numbermovements-permanentsettlerarrivals-a1830884f.svg i agree , we need a solution , but overseas detention , quotas and a points system are not the answer when we are talking about refugees . 
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------- as for the need for eu wide coordination , i could n't agree more . 
  if the eu plans to have an open internal border , it needs to also work to secure the external one in all nations . 
  it 's because the people in the camp in calais are wanting to cross the border into the uk , hence they argue they are our responsibility . 
  personally , as a brit , i believe it 's the responsibility of the uk government and the french government to get to work processing these people as soon as possible , for their own protection as well as the integrity of the border . 
  we are able to negotiate with the french !, 
  although saying that , the uk government does n't seem to have really tried ... what is needed is for british and french border forces , police units and advisors from the un to work together to process the people in the calais camp , rather than leaving them in limbo , without legal protection or rights . 
  those who are viable claims should be allowed to settle in the uk as asylum seekers or legal immigrants and those who are n't should be returned to their home countries as illegal immigrants . 
  in some supposed reports , they already have . . 
  i agree , it is something which we need to deal with as a priority . 
  well then maybe we ought to take more steps to allow for continued passage through the border to our country . 
  i 'll be perfectly honest , this is a responsibility which should be shared by both countries in my opinion , yet neither wants to say it , in fear of being told to deal with the whole lot ... 
  my bad , i saw it had been downvoted and misinterpreted !, 
  as for immigration , how do you see that we assure that we get integration upon arrival of new immigrants ? 
  which is exactly what i said , that and expanding law enforcement and education programmes . 
  this is very true , in fact , in western europe , social democratic parties ( left leaning ones ) are actually at the lowest popularity/influence in government that they have had for years . ^ [ 1 ] [ 1 ] https://medium.com/@chrishanretty/electorally-west-european-social-democrats-are-at-their-lowest-point-for-forty-years-ac7ae3d8ddb7#.ei6d3cqza, 
  it hardly helps when the police are underfunded and seeing further governmental cuts thus are unable to operate properly to enforce the law . 
  yes , there are pressures as to political correctness , but i do n't think you can blame worries about the reaction of a small number of idiots for the police 's inaction in places such as rotherham . 
  the issue here is then you create the effect of ghettoisation , i.e people of similar ethnic/national/religious groups , usually immigrants living together in areas with a lower socioeconomic standing , it 's a recipe for crime , intolerance and rioting - all we have to do is look at some of the black ghettos in places like baltimore and you quickly see how segregating people does not work . 
  i agree that we have to stop the culture of rape but i think that comes through education and expansion of law enforcement not segregation . 
  in this case , i would say that these men knew what they are doing/did was/is wrong , but they did it anyway because they thought they could get away with it , which is why i thought the point made about the police is incredibly accurate . 
  the police 's job should be to prevent crime before it happens , not to pick up the pieces afterwards . 
  this much is true and i agree that at times i have been tempted to purchase pepper spray as it is non-lethal and easy to use . 
  however , as for guns and knives , i disagree , i do n't think that the doctrine of `` a good guy with a gun beats a bad guy with a gun '' is true - quite frankly , it just makes the whole situation a lot more complicated if everyone is armed and afraid . 
  i do n't think this is just about the police , it 's about all state sectors . 
  in this case for example , in order for these men to gain the status `` asylum seeker '' i believe they ought to be educated about the laws , customs and language of their receiver country as well as being told about the consequences of breaking laws . 
  they should realize the depth of what they are doing and that should be the first deterrent . 
  all the same , in this situation , i think these men realized what they were doing was wrong , but they did n't realize what the consequences were and i am lead to believe that they were living under the assumption that the state would n't respond . 
  that is a concept which needs to be destroyed . 
  people need to know that the state is effective and will uphold the law . 
  leading on from that , i do also agree that in all times of unrest , such as this , the police need to deploy more officers to the streets , a proper police presence can act as a highly effective deterrent , especially in situations like this where the attack was carried out in a public place . 
  so no , we do n't need to racially profile , there are a raft of measures which should be taken throughout multiple government departments to ensure that other horrible attacks like these do n't happen . 
  what the world needs is politicians who will recognize this as an issue and deal with it in a compassionate and responsible manner , without using stereotypes as the main basis for their arguments in the way that trump and lepen have . 
  i do n't think you noticed , but the austrlian model is not generally cited as a good one for controlling immigration in a humane way : `` http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-australia-31827074 '' `` http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-23387514 '' `` http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-26236157 '' ---------------------------------------------------------------------- you may note that in 1992 mandatory detention was implimented , yet it failed to have an impact on levels of immigration , which continued to grow up to 2008 . 
  - https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c0/abs-3401.0-overseasarrivalsdeparturesaustralia-totalmovementarrivals_categorymovement-numbermovements-permanentsettlerarrivals-a1830884f.svg ** i agree , we need a solution , but overseas detention , quotas and a points system are not the answer when we are talking about refugees . 
  the state ought to protect you in my opinion . 
  i do n't think we should have to live in fear due to the inability of government to uphold it 's own laws . 
  i do n't think that necessarily carrying a weapon will help solve this problem , but rather by the state expanding it 's policing strategies to stop these crimes before they happen . 
  if we put them back , they will have got away with the crime unpunished . 
  i do n't know about you , but i do n't think anyone should be given an exception in the legal system just because of their nationality . 
  these men should be punished for sexual assault and attempted rape just like anyone else and quite frankly i 'd prefer if they were left to rot in prison before their necessary deportation . 
  it 's important to remember that the homeless are people too , some of them are pretty incredible to say the least !, 
  i 've heard some amazing life stories just by offering to get them a drink and sitting down to have a chat . 
  except , last i checked , the americans have a constitution which has reached biblical status whilst rome had nothing akin to this ? ... 
  care to explain the obvious parallels i 'm missing ? 
  i think the thing in spain is the fact that actually , many people work informally , with cash in hand jobs ( in my experiece ) in the canaries , whenever we 've payed workmen to do jobs on the house , we 've only ever paid cash in hand , hence , this leads me to believe that although according to the government unemployment is high , actually many people are working just not registered . 
  agreed , and because the yanks want you to be upvoted , we 'll downvote you to oblivion ... 
  you could say the same about staying in the eu really , the difference is that leaving unites more radical elements whilst remaining within europe brings together the more moderate left and right wing . 
  i think the reference is to the tu-22m3 which is still in service in 2 air regiments , according to the book on military aviation which i have ( saying that it may be outdated information as the date of print was 2007 ) . 
  as i understand the tu-22m3 is still run by the 6950th and the 6953rd aviation bases of the air force long range aviation division ? 
  if this is till the case i would assume that the bombers intercepted by the swedish were from the engels-2 base at sartov oblast . 
  i agree , everyone has an opinion , but i 'd prefer if the lords were appointed in a manner similar to that of the judiciary , as to try and avoid politicization , i also would prefer if there were n't parties , they do n't really help government scrutiny . 
  can confirm , i have friends at a catholic school , they are taught the same science course as i was and the majority of them find no issue , they are n't told it is fact as i was , but that does n't mean that they deny it ... we ca n't go on with the myth that all faith schools are uninspired or refuse to accept any modern theory , it just is n't true ... 
  the reason i 'd disagree with religious schools is that i do n't think anyone should be allowed to indoctrinate a child , if they choose religion later on , good for them , but thier schooling should not force them into it . 
  i 'm of the position that we should not let anyone but the state run schooling , devolving it to religious groups is ridiculous . 
  that does n't mean warning children away from religion , if they want to adopt one as an adult it is their right , however they should not be indoctrinated . 
  they are , we call them the ira and northern irish paramilitaries , it 's a war between two sects of christianity which no-one seems to ever remember . 
  speaking as a christian , no-one has the right to try and indoctrinate anyone , whether that is for religious reasons or not . 
  education should be controlled by an impartial state , not religious groups . 
  exactly the issue it suffers - ideally and theoretically , the lords is a great idea , practically , it 's just a reflection of how many elections each party has won , as every time one does , it floods the lords with peers which represent it 's pov , rather than what it 's purpose should be , which is to put in experts in to help improve government bills . 
  it 's a strange day when the appointed house of lords seems more perceptive of public opinion than the elected house of commons . 
  i would n't say that , at all , nato ( which in essence is made up of the `` fuck you russia we prefer the yanks '' block ) does n't contain all european countries ... 
  it 's very true , the idea of a bicameral parliament , in my opinion is that one house ( in our case ideally the commons ) reflects public opinion , whilst the other ( in our case ideally the lords ) provides scrutiny and expertise . 
  on an entirely theoretical basis , it should work well ... 
  however , there have been claims leveled at the lords that it is too politicized , it has a life-peer appointment system which makes it too easy for governments to expand their influence and it 's argued that many lords do n't even turn up ... 
  sounds great , but it could only ever work on a small scale , longer term , it 's constitution is weak and it would be too easily radicalized . 
  if it was a non-political fully appointed house , it 'd be significantly better in my opinion . 
  i 'd disagree , if you are publicly protesting in a free country , you should be able to show your face , to show you support a movement and do n't feel the need to hide it . 
  i do n't personally like the niqab that much , but i do n't think it should be banned completely , it 's hardly that different to a nun 's headscarf . 
  if that 's their belief , we hardly have the right to discriminate against them only . 
  i 'd prefer if this law included all facial wear or none at all , ( if we are assuming it is for security purposes ) otherwise it just seems to be moving towards a measure to legalize discrimination . 
  i 'll be perfectly honest , i 'm involved in a programme which helps to deal with feral cat populations in spain , ( we feed them and neuter them ) , this is not something we can call cruel . 
  what is cruel is when the locals poison their food or their kittens die of starvation due to overpopulation as well as the way that wild cats can decimate local populations of birds and other endangered species native to the area . 
  in terms of how you identify there are now officially more than 2 official genders , hence why the majority of forms you fill out have a section for male , female and other . 
  apologies , i 'd checked for the video link , rather than an x-post , thanks for notifying me !, 
  as i understand a similar thing happens in spain , the canarians and basque just seem to swap depending on season . 
  a lot of my friends from the basque country come south in the winter and the canarians all seem to go north in the summer !, 
  because then you can boast to all your friends about your `` trip to europe '' and sound cultured , even though in truth when you say `` i went to paris '' you mean , i did n't actually leave charles de gaulle airport because of the goddamn queues ... 
  and wherever we go , we rip our shirts off , burn like lobsters and then proceed to find the nearest alcohol serving establishment . 
  we then get completely shitfaced , try to fight the locals and wake up at a recycling centre in a different town to the one we started the night in !, 
  great banter ... 
  i fail to see how electoral college stops the election of extremists ? 
  nor do i understand how it is beneficial to exclude the opinion of the general populace ? 
  you want to live in a democracy do n't you ? 
  explain to me how a system which impedes direct democracy and skews results , as it did between bush and gore is `` one of the best things '' that the us has ? 
  you 'd suggest that it is better to impede a populace from choosing it 's leader ? 
  surely that is the idea of representative democracy , that the american people decide the path of their nation ? ... 
  i understand the principle of states rights is important to the us , but the electoral college is completely unnecessary in a modern democracy . 
  a system which is based around the idea that an elector would have to ride to dc to cast their vote , may have been useful in the 1800s , but in 2015 it simply adds an unnecessary extra step . 
  `` if looks could kill '' - when someone says that in the uk , it 's a genuine death threat ... 
  american elections in general are , in my opinion , overly complex ( due to the electoral college system ) , with too much corporate influence and no real substance behind debates , it 's less policy and more personality . 
  to be perfectly honest in my opinion , watching a group of walking stereotypes having a bash at each other in the vague hope of changing something , only to find themselves locked by constitutional checks and balances once they get in ... 
  i admit , democracy in britain is * far * from perfect , but to quote a friend of mine `` hey , at least are n't the us '', 
  firstly , it should be noted that oil prices change due to market pressure , as do the price of any other commodity , you 'd actually note that in order to de-incentivise the usage of alternative energies the saudi 's actually prompted a price drop by releasing more oil onto the market . 
  at no point did i suggest we should `` go invade saudi arabia '' i 'd argue that our most powerful move would be to impose sanctions on them , by pulling out of more deals - such as the prison deal which the british government withdrew from not long before my previous post . 
  human rights abuses including humilitating and undignified execution and punishment methods ; such as whipping , crucifixion and beheading , are still relatively commonly used in saudi arabia by the government and they are also known for abusing women 's rights , refusing to become involved in international amnesty , such as refugee programmes .
