on behalf of the english people , we 'll respectfully decline this offer , i 'm not going to share any land with a filthy frenchman ... 
  do n't say that ... you 'll jinx it and next thing you know , we 'll wake up tomorrow to find out that the sun has imploded and the earth has suddenly decided it does n't want gravity any more ... 
  depends on what the british electorate do next , he wo n't be able to incorporate voters from the right wing , but may have a chance at getting back older labour voters , or inspiring those who have n't voted before . 
  however , right now , his main priority is reunifying the party , the question is how long that will take ... 
  no-one except for south korea is afraid of north korea 's nuclear capacity ... 
  it has limited range and effectiveness and more than that , if used , would only act to guarantee the destruction of both koreas . 
  actually threatening to use nuclear weapons is a terrible idea ... 
  it may come as i surprise to you , but the uk has decent relations with the rest of the developed world and if we want to retain that , threatening to use any weapon of mass destruction , is a very , very bad idea ... 
  225 is also nothing in comparison to the estimated 8,500 which russia have ( of which 1,500 are operational ) or the 7,700 nuclear warheads which the us has ( of which 1,950 are strategically operational ) the trident nuclear defence programme is a massive waste of money , considering how useless our weapons would be in a case of global thermonuclear war . . 
  the only reason that we retain them is to have a seat at the table and make ourselves feel big , something which , in the post-cold war period , is essentially useless ... 
  if the government claims that it needs to make cutbacks , trident would be a pretty good place to start ... 
  we are n't meant to talk about that , we just blame it on the locals , rather than admitting that this is our problem and that we have some level of responsibility for our actions ... 
  i would more call it a way for us to have some level of control , taking the movements of people out of the hands of criminal gangs and into the control of accountable governments ... 
  not what i 'm saying at all ... 
  i 'm just trying to understand what i 'm seeing and why i 'm seeing it ... 
  i do n't suggest that anyone should be exempt from any law , unless they are in extreme circumstances ... 
  after you 've had to deal with the police in turkey and riot police hitting you with tear gas as you attempt to enter europe , i can see how these refugees may be skeptical of any law enforcement officer . 
  as i said earlier , electing eurosceptic parties is highly ineffective in terms attempting to get reform . 
  the issue is the fact that , due to the lack of popularity for the eu elections in the uk , more extreme parties are generally the ones who turn out , hence , parties such as ukip ( the uk 's eurosceptic anti-immigration party ) are much more popular at these elections ... 
  really , we ought to have helped in the euro crisis bailouts , considering the fact that the uk relies on many countries in mainland europe and are well invested in them , but we did n't , because the government was too stubborn and too busy screaming about our own deficit at the time ... 
  no , i agree , we were not a direct contributor to the ecb , due to our debt crisis in 2008 , which for some reason , our government 7 years later is unable to shut up about ... as far as i understand , british bailouts came in the form of reimbursing the banking sector , which proceeded to use taxpayer funds to bail out their european branches . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/9813358/british-taxpayers-funded-irelands-14bn-bail-out.html  between 2009 and 2011 , rbs made `` capital contributions '' totalling $ 9.13 bn ( # 7.6 bn ) to its dublin-headquartered subsidiary ulster bank ireland . 
  over the same period , lloyds transferred # 6.41 bn to its irish operation , bank of scotland ( ireland ) , before dissolving the business . 
  the total -- # 14bn -- amounts to more than a fifth of the # 65bn uk taxpayers injected into rbs and lloyds in 2008 and 2009 , and is expected to rise further . 
  analysts estimate that rbs transferred another # 2bn last year . 
  rbs and lloyds used the funds to write off billions of pounds of debt loaned to irish commercial property developers and households in the `` celtic tiger '' boom years . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11766346  the uk has offered to make a direct bilateral loan to the irish republic . 
  its total contribution is expected to be about 8bn euros . 
  the uk is to initially contribute an estimated 3.8 bn euros in a direct loan for the banks . 
  the rest will come from its contributions to the imf and the european union 's financial stability mechanism . 
  chancellor george osborne said : `` it is in britain 's national interest . 
  it is money we fully expect to get back , and we think it will help ireland get on a fully stable path back to growth . '', 
  tough times in the irish republic would mean less demand for uk goods and services from one of the uk 's largest trading partners . 
  according to uk government figures , trade with the country exceeds total uk trade with brazil , russia , india and china . 
  also , many of the uk 's banks have large exposures to the irish economy . 
  i 'm quoting from the irish case study in this case , where-in british taxpayer money , which was injected into banks , was in turn used to bail out the irish branches , not that i disagree with this , but it is the case that it did in fact happen , although not directly via the ecb . 
  i assume the voting is to be carried out by an independent body , as is the way most referendums are ... 
  i would n't be so worried as to whether so called `` establishment influence '' could be so heavily biased considering some of the more rich and powerful so called `` establishment '' politicians and businessmen also back leaving the eu . 
  yes , there is room for cynicism , but not quite to the extent you describe . 
  it 's not my personal opinion at all , but that 's the way the british public feels ... 
  personally , i think it 's time the british got properly involved in all aspects of the eu and tried to get reforms to make it a more democratic union , with even more benefits for it 's members but many disagree with me ... 
  there is a large amount of euro-scepticism in the population and for a lot of people , the eu is a overarching , non-accountable waste of money which wants to bend britian to it 's will and destroy our culture . 
  who said we would n't take over ? 
  without your pesky human rights , britain shall rule the globe once more !!, 
  long live the anglosphere !!, 
  yes , it 's time we got properly active within the eu , rather than just complaining about it , then electing a party who counter our own interests in europe . 
  - the uk wants reform , but we do n't have anyone to do it . 
  it is also important to remember , that we put a significant of money into bailouts for countries within a common currency we are n't even a part of ... 
  this issue is that , the eu is seen as the cause for problems with social cohesion , mass immigration and stifling economic policy . 
  that goes without saying that the eu is seen as the main factor in the undermining of parliamentary sovereignty , which is kind of a big thing ... 
  therefore , the uk wants reform to the eu , yet feels sidelined by german and french interests especially , in essence , we feel we do n't really have a say ... 
  it 's their choice , personally , i think that the united kingdom should stay together , but , for example , if scotland voted to remain in the eu , whilst england voted to leave , it would be enough to spark off the scottish parliament , with their grounds being that pro-eu scottish interests in were being ignored . 
  if that is the case , i see no reason why the scottish people should be denied to ability to remain the the eu and leave the uk . 
  it 's seen as a front-page story when a celebrity dies of old age , but when thousands of vulnerable people die due to a lack of money or resources , which the government should have provided , the general response is `` meh '' - the fact these stats failed to even get a mention on the bbc , really does sicken me ... 
  to be honest , anything is probably better than a bunch of drunk horny and loud brits ... 
  it seems that after eurovision our ` straya has become one of us ... not quite sure why ? ... 
  * chortles heartily * that 's what you get for trying to challenge your colonial master !, 
  \u1d3e\u1dab\u1d49\u1d43\u02e2\u1d49 \u1d9c\u1d52\u1d50\u1d49 \u1d47\u1d43\u1d9c\u1d4f , \u02b7\u1d49 \u1d50\u1da6\u02e2\u02e2 \u02b8\u1d52\u1d58 \u22c5 \u22c5 \u22c5, 
  here 's the thing , i disagreed , so i tried to counter-argue , others disagree , they just downvote to oblivion ... 
  i do n't think any death can be described as  hilarious show a bit of respect for the guy . 
  as well as this , it is inaccurate to say just because we do n't make a big show , does n't mean we do n't care about the deaths of others ... 
  all i could think of watching this ... https://youtu.be/jds5vuzaaya?t=1m2s, 
  both of you , please , do n't make us intervene again ... 
  if you do n't have anything nice to say , i 'm going to put up a dmz ... 
  it 's about being similar enough that you wo n't cause a problem , but not so similar that anyone loses their personal cultural identity . 
  quite simply , it 's the ability to be tolerant and not cause a fuss about the society which you have moved into whilst they do n't cause a fuss about your being there . 
  final form , we would 've gotten away with complete world domination if it were n't for those blasted world wars !, 
  right , well , i 'm a man ... 
  i 'm not dismissing it ... 
  i agree with you , but you ca n't just say that we will ignore this as a topic , just because we have n't been through it . 
  try not to make such sweeping statements ... as for street harassment and various forms of sexualisation , i agree , it is absolutely disgusting and we need to work together to combat it . 
  ( please remember though , belief in egalitarianism and ending abuse is n't something which is just confined to women who have been abused ), 
  sorry about that , you uncivilised brutes , you had nothing !!!, 
  dammit why did you leave ?!!!, 
  why ?!!!, 
  we loved you like a child , a child who we may or may not have beaten with a stick ... god save the queen !, 
  hell , i was really confused by the down votes on that till i read the last comment  but men do n't experience it , so it 's fine . 
  i agree with you , i think it is horrible that we still think it is viable to make disgusting comments about a person or group of people , due to their gender especially ... oh wait ... 
  it works both ways , do n't use the fact that a small number of people have done something to attack a much larger group who probably do n't agree with it ... 
  the ultimate problem of a united europe may not even come down to economics , political differences or social issues , but rather simple logistics . 
  we are talking about attempting to combine every parliament in europe and making all of their voices heard . 
  governing the lives of 750 million people in a single parliament would be logistically infallible ... a federal system may prove more effective , but the problem of equal representation and legitimacy would be constantly called into question . . 
  i never said that they were 100 % safe ( i personally would n't be hanging around in camden or hackney at 3am for example ) , but at the same time , they are hardly even close to `` look [ ing ] like 3rd world countries '' . 
  source ? 
  which bits ? ... 
  if you can tell me the area you are talking about , i 'm sure i can get a friend to go and take a stroll there . 
  please , you would n't catch a turk and a serb within a mile of each other ... 
  i used the bbc title , not my own . 
  well , we know for a fact that the uk leaving the eu would mean it would need to renegotiate deals , that would create an economic shock which would most certainly damage our gdp . 
  renegotiations take time and i somehow doubt we 'd be the top of the list ... 
  he says about the 10 bn saved , yet completely ignores the drop in tax income due to the shrinking of british gdp ( which has bee predicted to drop by up to 6 % ) as well as the fact that he 's based that on the current national debt , not by what it will be by 2030 ... tl ; dr economist ca n't even economics ... 
  sweden most certainly does have a military and more to the point , does n't deserve to be threatened by another nation despite never aggravating it . 
  if they want to join nato , they bloody well can , they 'll make a better member than turkey that 's for certain ... 
  well , technically , the previous pp administration has continued to control the nation . 
  as well as this , it 's important to remember that many spaniards are already well adapted to living with unresponsive government ( considering that was what they were presented with under the regime until the 1980s ), 
  it 's not a cultural thing at all , it 's something you 've decided to attribute to hispanic nations/people ... 
  the majority of hispanic nations are - in some form - democratically run ( or have been mainly for the last 20 years ) . 
  in fact , many hispanic nations have maintained democracy for more time than any of those in africa , eastern europe or asia since 1945 . 
  please see the following maps for evidence : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:map-hispanic_countries.png http://www.eiu.com/graphics/assets/images/public/democracy_index2010/democracymap2010.gif http://users.erols.com/mwhite28/images/democrac.gif also , in what way was caesar hispanic ? 
  he was born in rome , italy , with etruscan heritage ... not iberian ...
