  there is no viable argument to suggest that leaving the eea/eec would be beneficial economically - in terms of trade . 
  please , i 've got hundreds ... 
  lets remember , the uk is a country where the vast majority of governments have no mandate ( due to fptp ) , corruption is in-built ( in the form of government lobbying and the so-called revolving door ) , the media is openly biased and the structure of government means that all de-jure power is in the hands of the queen , who is unelected . 
  - that 's why we love it so much !, 
  please , take that up with / r/debatereligion - i 'd have the argument myself , but i am currently at work and i do n't feel like this is the right place to have this argument . 
  ummm ... 
  there is tea in space ? ... 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-35136401 ( 0:56 ) check-mate atheist / s in all seriousness , maybe do n't sound so patronizing and assertive about your beliefs - it 's fine to have an opinion , but please , do n't shove your opinion down other people 's throats ... 
  it 's in the same vein which allows us to show political preferences and secures freedom of speech ... 
  though i suppose you 'll now try and argue against both of those concepts as well ... 
  again ? 
  i think / u/visvis was being hyperbolic . 
  please update your sarcasm drivers !, 
  to be fair - only 36 % of our citizens actually stated that they were in favour of conservative majority government in the election ... - so no , we probably ca n't ... 
  but that 's hardly the fault of the eu . 
  that theory in itself accepts the fact that we still ca n't be certain ... 
  hence , i must question why you are so assertive ? ... 
  a ) i feel like this would be better placed in / r/debatereligion b ) do you have any proof ? 
  - to say that you do n't believe in god is one thing - to tell others that they are outright wrong without backing just seems cocky ... 
  i , as a christian , believe that the state and religion should not be linked - however , that also means that neither should attempt to impose on the other ( as long as neither is inconveniencing anyone ) . 
  i could understand asking students to pray at breaks - but to ban it outright seems oppressive to say the least ... 
  why , what good would that do ? ... 
  also , please note article 9 of the human rights act : freedom of belief and religion - to ban worship would be to encroach upon our fundamental rights ... 
  would you not agree that schools should not impose upon thier students ? 
  - in which case , they should not impose secularism any more than the following of a religion . 
  people should be allowed to do what they want - as long as it does n't impede on others . 
  i personally do n't see how a muslim , a christian , a hindu or a jew going and sitting in a quiet room and praying is in any way disruptive of the educational experience ? 
  i 'm not condoning the woman 's beliefs , but in all seriousness ... 
  this is a question of freedom of religion and expression - something directly referenced in article 9 the human rights act . 
  to try and impede anyone praying ( when it is n't inconveniencing anyone ) is downright oppressive in my opinion . 
  i do n't see what harm christians , muslims , hindus or jews going and sitting in a room and doing their thing in a break is at all impeding the educational system . 
  - i say this as a christian who greatly values the fact that - in a school here in the uk , if i asked politely and it was n't an inconvenience , i would be allowed to go and sit in a room by myself and pray . 
  oh god , not again ... 
  * please see : * cheltenham leamington spa ludlow marlborough henley upon thames sidmouth totnes winchester salisbury bournemouth cirencester windsor and eton haslemere petersfield godalming, 
  because i won the 743 subscriber competition . 
  - hence , i have been bestowed with a shiny !, 
  if the tories had n't cut back the nhs , i 'd be on my way to the burns department right now ... 
  i 'll be honest , if the leave campaign wins and scotland holds a referendum , i 'll be holding one to join 'em ( along with the rest of the north of england i hope ... ), 
  see here he is , flippin ' german speaking on our behalf !, 
  back in the good old days we 've showed this kraut what 's what with the guns of a spitfire !, 
  bloody continentals - vote leave to stop krauts coming over here and taking our statements !, 
  ^ ^ / s ^ ^ for ^ ^ the ^ ^ sarcastically ^ ^ impared, 
  not always : see the us civil rights act in the south 1940-1983 - it 's the perfect example of legislation led change . 
  it 's important to take into account that it does n't represent all russians , but as you say , extreme views towards homosexuality are definitely more prevalent and seen as more viable , especially in western russia . 
  the issue you need to take into account is that de-facto legislation does n't immediately equal de-jure equality - societal values and belief systems are as significant ... 
  heck , i take treat most claims made by pro-eu brits as false until evidenced ( and i 'm certainly pro-eu ) . 
  both sides in our referendum debate are as bad as each other - you have a lot of crap to cut through to find decent , viable facts ... 
  it 's attempts to seem factually based and unbiased , when in fact it involves the same people from the right wing who we always see calling for policies such as ` removal of people with aids ' and those who say ` the eu is germany 's attempt to build a 4th reich ' that goes without mentioning it 's obsessive over free market economics and fails to make points which are viable when we take globalism into account . 
  it sees britain 's role in the world as a 1920s empire of commercialists , rather than a modern country ... 
  it also is stuck with the idea of ` parliamentary sovereignty ' - something which has been dead for a while now . 
  - the ` documentary ' suggests that the eu is here to dominate britain and crush its hopes for the future , rather than trying to actually present the fact that the uk could hold significant influence in a better united europe . 
  overall , it 's the perfect summary of the ideas ` little englanders ' who 've got their heads stuck in the wrong century ... 
  because i won the 743k subscribers competition - https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4m6fkv/hooray_weve_hit_743k_subscribers/, 
  i would n't say that 's accurate . 
  - i have a load of respect for a huge number of turkish people , who 've fought the government every step of the way . 
  however , i do n't have any respect for the administration which runs the country , which is opposed to decency and it 's president who is more worried about his image than the good of humanity ... 
  hey , it 's the effort which counts !, 
  how-so ? ... 
  if you 're talking about the crisis ( which i assume you are ) - syriza held two referendums and a general election before actually taking the bailout deal , they most certainly had the consent of the greek people ... 
  i do n't think they realize it , but their unequivocal support of britain leaving the eu is likely going to push anyone academic further towards supporting remain ... 
  i mean , it 's no different to the way we rear chickens ... 
  yes , i 'd prefer that it was n't carried out this way at all , but at the same time , in a consumer society , this is something which has become necessary to meet demand . 
  the only way that change could be secured is by consumers deciding to pay the premium to buy uncaged products ... 
  tea in the uk is less of a thing to do with taste , it 's much more than that . 
  tea is something that unifies all brits - it does n't matter if you are from a council estate in hackney or her majesty the queen - you still invite people over for tea as a way of being polite . 
  that 's the magic of tea , not as a drink , but as an ideology . 
  it unifies all brits , no matter your class , your background , your race or your customs - you 'll still be welcome to have a tea together . 
  how do you know that ian did n't get a name change to tom and befriend / u/craignotcreg ? 
  do n't be so judgmental !!, 
  ^ ^ / s ^ ^ for ^ ^ the ^ ^ sarcastically ^ ^ impared, 
  it 's linked more to energy production method and industrialization : https://richardbrenneman.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/blog-euroindustry.jpg, 
  you 'll have to ask the mice that one ... ^ ^ ^ ^ someone ^ ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ ^ reference ? ... 
  the question is not , what is the answer - the question is , where is the question ... 
  he 'd need to be on strike to finish it off ... 
  i 'm afraid not , i 'm currently also getting a spanish residency , so i 'll be european till i die !, 
  did you post that as soon as you won ? ... 
  not necessarily , as i said , it depends on the final negotiation , also please remember , there are nations outside the eu who are still part of erasmus . 
  well this is the thing , we are still very uncertain about the effects of leaving ( or arguably remaining for that matter ! ), 
  - hence to try and say that something definatley will or wo n't happen is awfully naive . 
  i 've researched extensively into possible effects from different sources and i 'll be perfectly honest , the ones to avoid are the official campaigns - which lack nuance and are often just fearmongering ... 
  the people to ask are employers , workers and legal experts who seem to have a better grasp of what may happen ... 
  hell , i live with the coordinator for erasmus and student exchange ... 
  her statement was as follows : `` we can not be sure exactly what may happen , although it seems likely that funding will continue , it may well be cut off half-way through for those going out later or taking an extended period abroad . 
  it depends on what deal the eu give us and how the uk leaves , which right now we do n't know . 
  however , as i understand it , the university will be prepared compensate for students for the full year if funding is cut '', 
  that very much depends , considering some have said we 'd leave immediately , which would likely cut the funds with immediate effects . 
  on the other hand , as you say , it may be retained until the end of negotiations , to be honest , we do n't know ... 
  i mean , whatever floats your boat and all , but you do realize that voting leave may get that erasmus funding cut , depending on negotiations ? ... 
  i mean , it 's somewhat stereotypical for me to tar everyone with the same brush , but i really do have to say - the brits ... as a nation , we seem to have an expectation for others to conform to our rules ( wherever we go ) - we refuse to accept local customs and often actively mock them ( see the brits in places like prague and the south of spain ) , we are incredibly bad a communication and often assume people are stupid just because the first language they speak to us is n't english . 
  as well as this , we often rely on dated stereotypes to inform our understanding of other countries and have a general belief in the fact that we always will be and always have been ` great ' - i.e better than any other country and therefore deserving of far more privilege purely by birthright ( see the so called ` expat-anti-immigration parties ' ) . 
  having lived in spain for the last 2 months , the difference in attitude out here really shows , the majority of people you meet in the street are far more humble , kind and accommodating than your average brit . 
  catalonia as a region is simply beautiful , and the people have always been incredibly welcoming towards me as a semi-foreigner ( with my background being in the uk and canaries ) . 
  personally , i see no issue with catalonia having it \u00b4 s own identity , but i think both spain and catalonia would be weaker if they were split from each other . 
  in terms of whether independence is still a thing - absolutely . 
  it \u00b4 s a key part in shaping the region \u00b4 s political landscape . 
  what \u00b4 s also notable is that some parts of catalonia have already declared semi-de facto independence from spain , however , they are still under the de jure control of the spanish government . 
  there \u00b4 s probably a reason for that - the last \u00b4 populist \u00b4 right wing government in spain was the franco regime - which remains in the mind of a lot of the older ( over 40 ) spaniards who are quite happy with the transition the country made during the 80s and don \u00b4 t particularly want to go back ... 
  see [ fig 1a ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zy4tt3vtr8o ), 
  nowhere particularly does - but see the example of the us , which is constitutionally secular and yet religion plays a bigger role in it 's politics than that of many countries with state religions . 
  well , technically they do - because they recognize the queen as the sovereign and historical british law states that the queen an appointment of god - the fact they recognize her as their head of state means they in turn recognize the christian god - it 's complicated ...
