  my parents are n't religious it 's just that saints ' names are really damn popular . 
  we all do brother , we all do . 
  with us portuguese if you want to meet at 12am you have to tell us to show up at 11am and even then we are gon na be late . 
  it will be a blast !, 
  mind if i ask where you 're from ? 
  well , that is true . 
  no one comes close to our glorious `` esfera armilar '' ( armillary sphere ), 
  the thing is , even though we always talk shit about our country we still love it a lot . 
  i insult portugal all the time but if i see a foreigner do it i 'm gon na defend it until the very end !, 
  thanks a lot man  hope you get a chance to come back !, 
  well thank you , i 'm glad you enjoyed it , 
  the outside . 
  consumption was legalised but comercialisation is still illegal . 
  this means you ca n't buy it or sell it but if you happen to have it you wo n't go to jail for consumption and will instead go to rehab . 
  at least that 's what i understood . 
  it kinda is because portugal is n't really that good but is n't really that bad either . 
  it 's not just that we do n't get mentioned positively , we just rarely get mentioned at all , and when we do it 's mostly because of the economic crisis or football . 
  edit : indeed , it 's also related to our inate sense of pessimism and inferiority ... maybe ... 
  holy shit , my country being mentioned for something good . 
  nice . 
  i hope the rest of the world follows us on this one damn thing we did right . 
  was n't that thierry henry incident a mistake by the referee ? 
  what could the irish federation even do , sue fifa ? 
  for a referee 's mistake ? 
  yes, 
  * russia looks at you * well , suit yourselves . 
  do n't forget crap european . 
  we 'll take it . 
  as a portuguese , i do n't think so . 
  then what do we get to buy ? 
  yup , that 's the way i do it and it works wonderfully . 
  joaquim de almeida in the fast and the furious 5 . 
  oh wait you said good movies ... daniela ruah in ncis : la. 
  it 's a tv show , but still . 
  i know right ? 
  i do n't know why the great strategists of the past like napoleon and hitler never though of that . 
  yeah , let 's just call it sweden . 
  point taken . 
  why does n't it show what us portuguese think of * nuestros hermanos * ? 
  i guess it would probably be too offensive ... 
  and thank god we are . 
  with so many countries with lower development , conditions , different cultures , wars , different idelogies , etc. 
  at least we know we can count on someone across the pond to back us up . 
  god , voting documents sound so cool . 
  how i envy you swiss . 
  and portuguese `` bosque '' , which means the same . 
  count us in . 
  longest colonial empire in history ( we started way back in 1415 , before it was cool ) . 
  jfk got killed carlos i style . 
  hipster carlos was doing it way before it was cool . 
  oh , i thought it was european union . 
  i thought you were refering to the way that even countries like turkey and russia were on the list while eu countries like us were n't . 
  more than that : romantic language buddies . 
  people only care about spanish , french and italian , so we form the duo of neglected romantic languages . 
  dude ... what about fado ? 
  i like how you call them both `` football '' . 
  but but but ... 
  your flair ? 
  wow , thanks !, 
  til the origin of salamaleque . 
  i do . 
  with english subtitles . 
  i read that as `` last '' and was shocked that someone would think nothing good ever came out since the early 19th century . 
  i actually like guterres as a person and politician . 
  he may not have been a great pm but i believe that had nothing to do with being corrupt or that sort of stuff that affects most politicians . 
  this job should suit him perfectly in my opinion . 
  so like the dprk ? 
  you guys invented this sport !, 
  thank you hermano !, 
  uk was n't an empire by 1066 . 
  but was that a * colonial * empire ? 
  i said we had the first and longest colonial empire , not empire in general . 
  if it 's longest lived then we have a word to say . 
  our empire started in 1415 ( conquest of ceuta ) and ended in 1999 ( when we gave back soberany of macau to china ) . 
  that 's the first colonial empire in the world and longest lived . 
  is this a dick measuring contest about who lost the bigger empire ? 
  actually , it still works for the uk , considering their many ~ ~ ultramarine ~ ~ overseas territories . 
  it does ? 
  i had no idea . 
  `` you do n't * really * need sight to play football , do you ? '', 
  it 's saint anthony , not the virgin mary . 
  huh i hate it when that happens . 
  there 's also grexit , italeave , czechout , departugal , etc. 
  ( it 's a joke , mate ), 
  mozart 's not a kangaroo . 
  it checks out . 
  hell , i 'm portuguese and even i do n't mix them up . 
  bucharest is in austria and budapest in australia . 
  i think he meant : they want the uk to leave the eu and it will , so what they voted for will go in their favor . 
  of course , politically and economically the uk may go to shit , but in terms of being in the eu ( which was the subject of the vote ) they definitely wo n't be , thus making the people who voted to leave satisfied . 
  i mean , he ca n't pull europe out of europe , can he ? 
   the west will get what it wants , eventually : nuclear war . 
  that 's right , we want a nuclear war . 
  but instead of actually starting one we are being annoying in hopes russia starts one . 
  god , russian propaganda is simultaneously pathetic and hilarious . 
  the bristish started drinking tea after the portuguese princess catherine of bragan\u00e7a married charles ii of england . 
  she brought them tea , as well as chocolate and several colonies ( tangier and some islands in india ) which prompted the rise of the british empire , especially in india . 
  and lusitanos !, 
  denmark , what kind of nordic country are you ? 
  even greece has more , are you even trying ?
