the muslims were just living their lives , advancing science and stuff . 
  meanwhile , christian terrorists were constantly attacking them in crusades in the name of the lord . 
  we were really shitty back then . 
  a lifetime . 
  wow , that 's pretty cool, 
  is it in the eurozone ? 
  how come ? 
  just because it 's part of france ? 
  that 's kinda weird . 
  but does it mean we could just go there with our european passports ? 
  hell , i sometimes swim 5 km almost non stop . 
  it 's perfectly walkable . 
  i like how we keep just chilling in our corner , while spain falls apart . 
  portugal is so united !!!, 
  what ??? 
  we do n't pronounce it `` sesso '' , we say `` sexo '' with an x sound like everyone else . 
  really . 
  we 're not weird , guys :(, 
  it 's [ asterix ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/asterix ) , dammit !, 
  c'mon , do n't be a funt . 
  well , most people know marie curie , though, 
  i had no idea who lio and her sister were until now . 
  wow . 
  well the flag as the same colours so i suppose the language is the same as well ? 
  you ai n't called germoney for nothin ' . 
  yeah , it 's been 70 years since the war ended . 
  even a baby born in 1945 would be old by now . 
  i bet in another 15 years there wo n't be any survivors left . 
  i meant that more as in `` people voluntarily go there and there are actual queues to get inside . '' i did n't meant they actually did it because it was fun , but that they went there without being forced . 
  i never got that . 
  the nazis tried to disguise the ways in which they killed people , as if the people getting scared would be a problem anyway . 
  wait , you mean to tell me if i went to auschwitz i could actually meet former prisoners ? 
  i had no idea !, 
  that 's amazing . 
  i have to go visit it soon then , because , you know ... 
  who would have guessed that one day people would be willing to go to auschwitz just for fun . 
  does anyone really think this would happen ? 
  i mean , they may not be in the eu , but i doubt the european powers would let russia do something like this . 
  defending the lines of torres vedras from the algarve ? 
  seems a bit far away ... oh well , i ca n't deny it works . 
  oh my god , maybe that 's it . 
  you just came to stop napoleon and then stayed to keep him away . 
  how nice , 
  the algarve is pretty much a british providence by this point . 
  ah yes . 
  mapa cor-de-rosa , never forget . 
  bro , that hurts ... 
  i thought we were allies :(, 
  well ... hmmm . 
  we ... ahh . 
  [ drink more wine !, 
  yeah , that 's right !, 
  ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/wine.jpg ), 
  i mean , you 're french . 
  you should already be thinking about 365 different things to do with them titties if you catch my drift . 
  you do !, 
  you do !, 
  see guys , spanish tv is weird !!, 
  he meant ` make ' . 
  and is n't exactly that what they do ? 
  wow now that 's quite an age !, 
  happy birthday gramps !, 
  signed : a 871 year old child . 
  either russian or gypsy . 
  ouch ... 
  i could feel that burn all the way here in portugal . 
  you have the most relevant username in this thread and it 's your cakeday . 
  congrats , you won here today . 
  i know , i was just pointing out this is n't `` usual '' like , say , a beer at lunch . 
  wine at breakfast is something we do n't do unless there 's really no other choice . 
  that was n't by choice , though . 
  it was what the poorer people could afford . 
  although i guess it counts too . 
  and god knows how many miles of united states . 
  shhh ... nobody will know . 
  grab your guns fellows . 
  we 're bringing the band back together . 
  this is world war ii : part ii, 
  finland might , though . 
  we did it reddi ... 
  i mean europe !, 
  ahhhh crap ... 
  at least we beat france somehow ... 
  you liar . 
  that 's in the very first page and you know it . 
  i agree that we should all get along but national traditions and patriotism do n't hurt anyone . 
  i love my fellow countryman but i also like the traditions in my hometown or even just my family . 
  yeah , but then they 'd be aliens for life forms in other planets . 
  heeeeeere 's johnny !!!, 
  i like your smiley at the end of every comment . 
  at least you 're happy :d, 
  how do they know the temperature in 1540 ? 
  yeah , they always cook them way too much and they get burned . 
  ahah i know right ? 
  they do n't even have a real one !, 
  i agree , congrats  i guess this serves as your revenge for the world cup qualifiers . 
  dammit sweden !, 
  you already won the eurovision this year ... why do we never get to have nice things :(, 
  not really though . 
  i just heard about this today but my name is one of the most common names in portugal and it 's a saint 's name .
