  lol sort of , i work on giving them residence permits . 
  well * i * do . 
  it 's my job , kind of . 
  ... what ? 
  where do you think the migrants come to first , if not southern europe ? 
  ireland is still in the eu tho . 
  because you think everything is about/solved by money . 
  i agree . 
  i have n't ever seen the simpsons in english tho . 
  homer 's voice sounds too silly after being used to our dub . 
  well i learned english before 2008 , and i do n't feel like un-learning it now . 
  also , i have a job so ... 
  your hurt feelings aside , i do n't see what does the youth unemployement have to do with me . 
  some of us learn english so that we may laugh at the us in their own language . 
  turns out in the real world you cant just save everybody . 
  sure , it would be awesome that eveybody had enough food , and tech and whatever else , but that would require a level of tech we dont have yet . 
  not to mention there 's an excess of half the planet 's population but it keeps going up instead . 
  interesting , in catalan `` short '' is `` curt '' . 
  good point . 
  i wonder if we could get independence sooner if we just joined andorra :p, 
  the `` parents '' in this case would be the spanish girls . 
  for catalonia , andorra , no doubt . 
  they are the only foreign country that has our language as official , they are a cool place to visit , and they sell cheaper goods than our own so it might even end up being a net benefit to go there . 
  for spain ... 
  i would n't know . 
  italy , i supose . 
  and argentina is that brother you hate because your parents like him more than you . 
  it 's the same for spanish keyboards . 
  40 this last summer in spain , for a full month . 
  i carried two sets of clothes all the time , one in a backpack so i could change when i reched my destination . 
   yes , but countries like ukraine and belarus are n't in the eu either good point . 
  although those countries are half-european anyway . 
  it might be realatively easy to convince them to wall their eastern/southern frontiers . 
  if they do n't want to be the ones walled out . 
   and there are many more ways when you are using a boat . 
  no idea about the current crisis , but in the case of spain the actual percentage of migrants that come in boats is ridicolously small , despite how overblown it is made by the media . 
  we are talking about 1-5 % of the total migrants . 
   and the russia/ukraine border is a war zone . 
  well , out of all the border zones , the one at war is the one less likely to see an onslaught of refugees who are alledgely fleeing from war . 
  is it ? 
  the actual land route into the eu is rather small . 
  you either cross from turkey to greece , or through russia , north of crimea and the black sea . 
  same in spain . 
  i know of people who obtained the citizenship and i could barely understand them at all talking face to face . 
  damn , i 've just realized the wrong of my ways . 
  thanks for opening my eyes to the truth . 
  implying that anybody is saying `` there 's no crisis lol '' is childish and a kneejerk reaction . 
  i assume you know this already but do n't expect anybody to actually discuss with you when you missrepresent the oposition so blatantly and eagerly . 
  the sentiment is much closer to `` well that sucks and i 'm sorry for them but i would rather see them fucked up than see both of us fucked up '' . 
  was it indeed ? 
  i would n't be really surprised to see soon all the european states bending backwards and passing laws about how muslims need male judges , to protect their precious feelings . 
  so the roman empire and the holy roman empire were n't imperialistic either ? 
  one could argue that you have n't seen * elected * dictators , tho . 
  all of them have grabbed their position by force , or inherited it . 
  therefore , you are thinking of examples that did n't have an overwhelming majority approval nor had they reason to be grateful to the population . 
  they are as likely ( or more ) to be shitty as out current politicians . 
  the only way to ilegally enter into countries that let you fish only with authorization is to be led by an idiot ? 
  but * someone * has to call for the referendum . 
  i 'm thinking that benevolent dictatorship could be enforced with constitutional rules that went something like this : `` the first citizen will serve for the remaining of his lifetime or until abdication , at which point a new one will be elected by global referendum . 
  every adult citizen is elegible for the position . 
  every citizen can be nominated , unless he/she explicitly states otherwise . 
  this set of rules can not ever be changed without reverting to a democratic 4-years mandate period first , at the start of which the first citizen position is revoked and a new president is elected . 
  presidents and other members of the parliament can not have served as first citizen '' . 
  let 's just say that when somebody asks me `` but could i/he/she get deported ? '', 
  i have to force myself to not laugh at their face . 
  the system was collapsed even * before * the whole syrian war started . 
  yeah that 's why i was asking , i assume in the north the biggest cities are about the size of a medium city around here . 
  i 'm curious , how many people would a `` major town '' have ? 
  mostly bored 60 + yo ladies , but yeah , it 's not strange . 
  i 'm kind of scared of finding myself agreeing with this . 
   how much do prescriptions cost ? 
  depends . 
  varies from free to a couple dozen euros . 
   do doctors treat you well ? 
  generally yes . 
  they 're people like everybody else , but i would say on average they are nicer than the regular public-facing employee . 
   is universal healthcare worth the higher taxes you pay ? 
  a big yes . 
  only china ? 
  i would bet whatever you want that not more than the 0.1 % of the spanish population can tell you a single difference between latvia , estonia and lithuania , their capitals or place all of them correctly in a map . 
  i think any amoeba can read the title , read the scale and draw it 's own conclusions as of what do the numbers on each country say . 
  he is n't strangling himself ... his hands are on the lapel . 
  with the arms in that position , it 's easier for the lungs to expand . 
  edit : it 's the same thing when people put their arms forwards with the palms of the hands up . 
  easier to breathe deeply when you do n't have your arms next to your chest . 
  this made me cry . 
  and i do n't even know finnish . 
  neoliberals wanting public sector cuts and more privatization ? 
  conspiracy , i say !, 
   it will change the way individuals approach homosexual individuals and further ostracise homosexual people from wider society . 
  we have been doing just fine , if slowly , without throwing the freedom of speech down the drain . 
  when i saw the title , i did n't think spain would even make it to the list , so i 'm surprised too . 
  but we do have a large amount of rumanian inmigration ( it 's the largest eastern-european community ) , so i guess one is the cause of the other . 
  which one comes first , i do n't know . 
  ehh ... 
  i do n't think any average spaniard ever asociated rumania and gypsies . 
  mainly because we have a large gypsy population here , while 99 % of the rumanians that come * are n't * gypsies . 
   they 're not diplomats . 
  ... but you guys are saying that there 's no need for a diplomat . 
   also the pressurized metal can keeps it clean .
