i once worked with twin sisters and after 3 months there was the hot one and the ugly one . 
  is n't turkey bombing the kurds figthing isis ? 
  or so i 've heard . 
  that does n't exactly contradict what he said . 
  and a hard one on top of that . 
  it 's at the same level of the most fundamental rights . 
  hey we are talking about the ones that are true !, 
  aparently we swear like fucking sailors and we like our siesta a lot . 
  but it 's hard to work when you 're at 40\u00ba celsius after lunch , you know . 
  much respect to him and his cause , although i always wonder if those kind of events raise any noticeable amount of monetary support . 
  at least for spanish gypsies , they usually look rather hot ... until they 're 22 and have 4 children . 
  after that point they all look like those . 
  giant boxing robots  walls, 
  actually that already exists . 
  requirement have increased hugely in the last years ... 
  but it 's possible to inmigrate * without * living without papers for years * if * he 's capable of a highly qualified job that it 's hard/not possible to be covered by natives . 
  the above refers to spain but afaik it 's pretty close for all eu nations . 
  do you have any remote idea of the requirements for a residence permit in the eu ? 
  emigration . 
  france could n't even defend itself , so i would n't put it as malice . 
  relax dude , it was just an archer 's reference . 
  you have a point tho . 
  no , i meant the thing about the modified particle calculators in europe . 
  they were n't * supposed * to be legally able to function with that contamination level . 
  you are painting it as if the eu was totally ok with that . 
  that 's corruption , not intended policy . 
  same goes for hampering solar power in spain . 
  yes what would be of us if the us had n't kicked the hornets nests in afghanistan , irak , lybia ... all hail our lords and saviours . 
   auto emissions limits speaking of which , does the us intend of signing kyoto any of this years ? 
  otherwise they wo n't give you more bombing budget the next year . 
  we all know how did that end . 
  i would wager that germany is a special case for reasons . 
   you ca n't protect your own borders are you talking about immigrants here ? 
  because i was n't aware that our borders were under attack . 
  in case you 're talking immigration , half of the eu does n't * want * to close the borders . 
   you ca n't project power across what 's basically your own personal lake sue us for not wanting to meddle on every fucking conflict there is over the world . 
  still , and to my dismay , we 've been involved in afghanistan , irak , lybia , etc anyway . 
   you ca n't show any military solidarity with your fellow european nations . 
  and that would be ... ? 
  ukraine is n't part of the eu . 
  they might or might not have . 
  not being able to produce photographs does n't prove anything . 
  your comment was fallacious . 
   civil adminitration as in `` this land is ours because our penis is bigger '' ? 
  had some guy tell me the other day here on reddit that the us is not imperialistic at all because obama does n't have dictatorial powers . 
  nobody had photos of auswitz while i was still operative , either . 
  as always , it 's a girl 's `` fault '' . 
  it 's on spain aswell . 
  totally yes . 
  in fact , this is the reason why in the spanish parliament you would only see two extremely large parties ( talking about 40 % + of seats each ) , while in the regional parliament that do n't share the default spansih culture there has always been a lot more of a mix : pp still is the party of the autoritarians , conservatives and rich ( rich by fucking over everybody else i mean ) that won the civil war , while psoe represented wroking class people ... and much of all the other opposing factions , since thanks to our system if the votes are split between two parties they count way less than if they were all dumped into a single party . 
  since the right has always been much more unified , most of the opposing factions have always seen themselves forced to vote a single opposing party . 
  recently , psoe has been taking political stances closer and closer to those of pp ( specially when it comes to economy ) , but in the last elections , which have n't generated a government yet , two new parties ( one left and one of the right ) have emerged . 
  they have yet to manage to form a government , and it 's pretty likely that we will have new elections . 
  * what would happen if this made up and non-comparable example that is never going to happen , happened ? 
  * well , that 's quite a difficult thing to answer , do n't you think ? 
  we are in agreement to have [ * coffe for everyone * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalities_and_regions_of_spain#the_state_of_autonomies ) , tho . 
  i 'm hot , i love siesta ( we do n't get to practice it much tho ... 
  thanks obama ) and dancing . 
  but i can only dance swing , so i do n't know if that works for you ? 
  y. . . no . 
  not really . 
  there 's this `` castille-madrid-extremadura '' more or less unified culture that functions as default when talking about a spanish culture . 
  if you start throwing in more folkloric things like flamenco and bullfigthing you are talking about andalusian culture , which has more or less been borrowed by the default culture for the money and brand recognition . 
  other , more peripherial regions , specially euskadi ( called vasque country in spanish ) and catalonia-mallorca , which have their own language , are specially vocal and differentiate in their traditions . 
  galicia and valencia used to have strong cultural traditions too , but they 've become more and more standarized and the pp ( right-wing , spanish-nationalistic party ) has governed there for endless years . 
  galicia still has it 's own langugae ( galeic ) and valencia uses a variant of catalan , but they 're falling in disuse . 
  but in spain , sitting money does n't pay taxes . 
   probably nothing illegal . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  sure , it 's not illegal per se to have your money offshore . 
  but why would you * want * it that way if you have n't done or are planning to do anything illegal with it , specially when there 's like a fucking ton of people casually doing the same thing ? 
  what a coincidence . 
  if you still are connected to the grid ( to sell back , emergency supply , whatever ) , you have to pay the electricty base taxes ( which easily make for 50-75 % of the usual electric bill anyway ) . 
  if you do n't , you risk yourself to a fine of 6 to 60 millions of $ . 
  no , it 's not a joke , that 's a law this guy wrote . 
  not in the last 1500 years , at least !, 
  they all suddenly died at the same time ? 
  i did n't mean `` support '' as in `` take the country by arms in their behalf '' . 
  call me old fashioned , but i 'm one of those that still use the non-euphemistical definition of `` support '' . 
  unless you support someone not-as-bad but mostly respected by muslims ( ie egypt ? ), 
  to take over the place and keep the peace . 
  is n't that pretty much what happens already * with * them in power ? 
  just a crazy thought , but maybe they already have the desert camo uniforms in their hands . 
  yeah and i 've seen that decission laughed at before . 
  the regressive left , always trying to demean people into respecting others . 
  the one time i did n't expect it to be a thing , it is a thing . 
  and i 'm pretty ok with that . 
  it 's dangerous to go alone . 
  take this . 
   langeball received stab vest . 
  if i may , i shall make a distinction for you : specifically it lies within what does the first generation plan for their descendants . 
  while asians do n't have much problem with their children assimilation ( and thus they eventually do ) , muslims do sometimes go as far as killing them ( specially females ) . 
  filter by : same religion group, 
   and there 's a lot of production in europe itself there is ? 
  afaik the only ones with a reasonable amount of crude are the norwegians , and their production is in free fall as of lately . 
   spain do we still have figthers capable of takeover ? 
  i swear every couple of years one of them crashes during simple training maneuvers . 
  * gasp * no shit . 
  we are discussing what would happen * if * they were to be admited into the eu , tho . 
  no but any citizen of a non-eu country that has been residing in a member country for at least 5 years can apply for a permit ( which has very basic requirements ) that allows them to freely travel ( and work ) within the eu as if they were citizens of the country that gave them residence at first .
