  i do n't want to know . 
  uhhh was n't it like that already ? 
  in spain you get kicked the fuck out of the country for any crime that carries a less-than-6-years-prison punishment . 
  if it 's more , you serve that and then you get kicked out . 
  you can swap your kick-in-the-butt for a fine if you have the money , but you wo n't be getting a renewal of your permision at the end of it ( 1 year the first one , 2 years second and third , 5 years after that ) . 
   or not let them in in the first place . 
  easier said than done . 
  it can be just culture and still be a culture of assholes . 
  did they teach those in english , or ... ? 
  i 'm a spanish migration lawyer , water on every side , and our border is just as much of a joke . 
  they just come `` on vacation '' and never go back to their old country . 
  the government hits hard on business hiring undocumented labor tho , except on agiculture . 
  pffft feeling superior yet ? 
  being civilized is about overcoming animal impulses . 
  not about magically being born without them . 
  that 's what we call education and why it 's important . 
  how racist of us to consider that he did n't knew ... 
  when he is the one talking about how he did n't knew . 
  threat of punishment ( and it 's gradations ) shows the person what a culture shows acceptable and what does n't in a quite visual way . 
  what about ski/swim burkas ? 
  i do n't know where do you get the second and third to last letters from , but i approve of this nonetheless . 
  ( species would n't be bad either ) . 
  sounds like this the walking dead season . 
  actually we use the expression * reigns but does n't govern * . 
  as has already been said , there 's the `` tourist traps '' and then there 's where the locals go . 
  as a rule of thumb , avoid anything that : 1 . 
  is faced towards the sea or at a major street/square . 
  has anything labeled in english . 
  looks exotical ( hawaiian , mexican , whatever . 
  you want places with sturdy wicker chairs and farm tools as decoration ) . 
  instead go for the back-alley restaurants with wrinkled waiters . 
  those are the ones that have been there for decades . 
  i 'm quite impressed , i must say , for a pp government to undertake such modern measures . 
  considering the public service regulations that have come into effect the 1st of this month , i would say we are functioning better now than we did a year ago with fully a functional government . 
  fine , if you want me to put it in more words : the inability to reorganize internally in a more homogeneous ( and seamless ) way because of the omnipresent veto of euro-skeptic countries , of which the uk is the most important . 
  so yes , i think the nay-sayers like the uk is one of the biggest problems that can go away . 
  the uk , for one . 
  right , i wanted to reply to the first comment in the chain . 
  actually i would think treating those jackasses in a way that says `` you 're just a regular person that ca n't give orders to anybody '' would hit them harder than a place that puts them in a war prisoner mindset , where the only thing they have remaining is precisely their own pride . 
  implying there 's a backhanded culture in the middle eastern countries ? 
  heresy !, 
  burn , witch !, 
  please stop ashaming yourself . 
  post-modernism and cultural relativism are fine and dandy for the philosophy courses , but that 's it . 
  do n't expect anybody in the real world to humour your suggestion that they have any validity while actual people suffer . 
  i 'm being patient enough to consider that you are just goofing around , incorrectly assuming that sophism ( or should i say manicheism ) will get you internet fake points , but do n't go around the rl with that shit if you do n't want to eventually end up finding a rl tough guy who teaches you better . 
  do you really think that spouting flowery language changes the fact that they are being absolute assholes to other people for no logical reason ? 
  you can blame our `` cultural imperialism '' and `` prejudices '' all you want , i 'm still punching in the jaw any mother fucker who tells my lesbian friend that she needs a big cock in her to be cured . 
  if that makes me have a `` narrow prism '' i 'll keep my narrow prism thank you very much . 
  do n't let me stop you from looking clownish tho . 
  we understand that their culture is being gigantic bigots alright . 
  moral relativism is a shitty defense when someone is killing and imprisoning homosexuals just for being that . 
  ... that 's my point , turks and syrians are n't the same ethnicity . 
  funny considering they 're not ethnically arab afaik ( neither are moroccians btw ) . 
  is/was that supposed to be funny ? 
  it 's in the article you know . 
  it would n't be any worse than being an independent country not in the eu , but that follows all eu regulations . 
  you do n't need the eu 's approval to copy-cat all the eu directives , you know . 
  i would say it has made people a bit wary of possibly being kicked out of the eu if the independence is reached . 
  but i do n't know anybody who * wants * to exit the eu , so in that sense it is n't comparable . 
  actually the afghanistan war was before the ( second ) iraqi war . 
  eh , it might if pp is still is on the government , but that might change in a month or two . 
  and anyway , if merkel says jump , rajoy jumps . 
  but that 's kind of what i 'm saying . 
  disagree in the ideology and politics , but value as a person . 
  i 'm impressed at the amount of brtish who get the eu 's side of the coin even if they 're getting the short stick . 
  so kudos to you , ol' chaps . 
  not in spain , it would be political suicide . 
  there 's not a single party that pushes for leaving the eu , and only one for leaving nato . 
  iirc the referendum for the lisboa treaty got an aproval of about 85-90 % . 
  more like the eu will finally stop flagelating itself just to apease the uk . 
  as non-german european , i get the impression that while dhe might not be agreed with by most germans , she manages to keep an image of calmness , honesty and believing in what she says . 
  frankly i would vote for her over any of the lying cunts we have at spain . 
  * and * the andalusian psoe is more pp-leaning than podemos-leaning . 
  i do n't think you understand what is either trolling or a strawman . 
   is that why they are on the cusp of getting visa access to their citizens ? 
  colombia must be close to being part of spain then . 
  the map isnt about the percentage of people who own guns . 
  it 's the number of guns compared to population . 
  a 37,8 might mean 4 guys with nearly 10 weapons each , and 96 guys who do n't own weapons . 
  i 've lived my whole life here and have never met any catalan who could n't speak spanish at all . 
  i thought they were becoming one of the most stable countries on their region , even capable of sending troops on onu missions to pacify their neighbours ? 
  sounds like my parents and grandparents . 
  now we just need time to be measured in a decimal system ... 
  i think she was just mad with jealousy , not like ... stupid . 
  that , and propaganda . 
  somehow , spain always loses it 's own civil wars . 
  spanish cooking is actually pretty diverse . 
  north and north-west it 's mostly seafood , west and center are very meat-heavy , east is home to the paella . 
  i would say the best places are southern spain ( andalucia ) and north-east ( catalu\u00f1a ) because they balance all of that pretty neatly . 
  girona ( catalu\u00f1a 's north-easterner province ) is best of it all , imo . 
  and it 's home to el celler de can roca . 
  i was to granada ( spain ) recently . 
  1 $ = 1 liter , or so . 
  have any actual study about that ? 
  because i saw a new one not 2 weeks ago citing that only highly educated immigrants are beneficial in the short to medium term . 
  denmark and china are acting in this vein already . 
  prey reference ? 
  damn . 
  what have i been feeding all this time then ?
