of course !, 
  after all , is n't saudi arabia represents [ human rights ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/anger-after-saudi-arabia-chosen-to-head-key-un-human-rights-panel-10509716.html ) ? 
  because he 's german , so he perfectly knows the work of schopenhauer . 
  if you do n't have any proof or arguments to valid your point , use an argumentum ad personam and say that the guy in front of you ca n't be trust ... because he 's a racist for example . 
  because to him , everyone who 's against the open borders is just a racist , not someone who thinks about consequence of such a migration on short and long term so , to be short , he 's the white knight , and we 're just a bunch of *** hole full of hate ... 
  yep ... totaly normal ... when i see japanese tourists in paris , i always put on my kimono in order to avoid offending them ... i know that those sick japanese tourists bastard always expect to find the same culture as them when they came here / s, 
  nope ... i get mine from trainspotting : * `` it 's shite being scottish !, 
  we 're the lowest of the low . 
  the scum of the fucking earth !, 
  the most wretched , miserable , servile , pathetic trash that was ever shat into civilization . 
  some hate the english . 
  i do n't . 
  they 're just wankers . 
  we , on the other hand , are colonized by wankers . 
  ca n't even find a decent culture to be colonized by . 
  we 're ruled by effete assholes . 
  it 's a shite state of affairs to be in , tommy , and all the fresh air in the world wo n't make any fucking difference ! '' *, 
   spending a fortune in that restaurant was invited here for a business lunch . 
  the food was n't even so good ... 
  the hyper cacher incident is linked to the charlie 's murders . 
  it 's the same case for me . 
  i did n't knew about the eiffel tower guy . 
  just read about it , happened yesterday . 
  but they do n't say f it 's a terrorist or just a best jump fan ... 
  it can be translated by `` jew town '' but the origin of the name has nothing to do with the jews . 
  it 's just the transformation of the name of the roman owner of the place during the gallo-roman era : villa juveus -  villejuif it 's at south east of paris , near my place ( paris 13th district ), 
  i cant believe i forgot this one !, 
  but the fact that i forgot is a proof of what i mean : it 's getting so casual that i can forgot one main terrorist event of my country when i make a list ... 
   i have a feeling a terrorist attack is imminent in europe living in france , with charlie hebdo murders , the thalys train attack and a few guys arrested every month for planning terrorists attack ( one of them wanted to attack a church near my place in villejuif ) just for this year , i think that your sentence is wrong : terrorists attack are going to be a casual thing in europe ... edit : u/missinginact pointed out the fact that i forgot the beheaded guy near grenoble on my list . 
  maybe it 's just a misunderstanding ... maybe he just want to say : * me going germany because oktoberfest is soon !, 
   85 % of asylum seekers commit a crime during the first year . 
  do n't know where you got your stats from , but if it is from some official organization , it must be more like * 85 % are getting caught doing a crime in the first year *, 
  does that means that they 'll just give a single star for the deportation center on trip advisor ? 
  `` we do n't like problems , we like freedom '' what about our freedom to choose who we want to let get inside europe ? 
  and if you do n't like problems , i 've got a news flash for you : you are the main problem of europe actually ... 
   we live in interesting times godwin period ... 
   oh and the outcry of `` islamophobia '' of course . 
  do n't forget that it 's also bobigny we 're talking about . 
  if you arrest those guys , you can expect some serious riots ... 
  i 'll be glad to make national self-referential humor but unfortunaly , i 'm on strike ... 
  it 's because r/france seems to be the lair of leftiest activist who likes being between themselves and consider that r/europe is full of facists ( facists definition for french : who is not agree with me ), 
  if i was concerned about living with brown people , i would not be in paris . 
  i 'm not against the refugee status or taking care of the refugees , but only if they follow the standar process to apply for it ... not by making what they want across all europe ... 
  maybe the first duty of a state government is to apply the law ? 
  maybe rules are for everyone and we 're all equal in front of the law ? 
  maybe you 've got to make decision with your head and based on facts , not with your heart and based on what you see ? 
  maybe that when you travel throught 8 borders from your country just because you want to pick up the country of your choice , you 're not a refugee anymore ? 
  ( refugee comes from latin refugium and means `` safe place '' and they were safe in turkey . ), 
  maybe the world is not divided between kind hearted wise patronizing humanists and stupid egoist pragmatic assholes who have no feelings ... 
  if it 's like in france , i guess it 's because the guys in charge of the country look at them and think : `` maybe i 've got to stop them . 
  maybe i 've got to make them respect the law ... but if i stop them , maybe some people will think that i am racist ? 
  oh god no !, 
  i do n't want to be a racist !, 
  racists are the worst kind of people !, 
  racists love hitler!i do n't want to be hitler ! '', 
   these subsidies were new subsidies , they did n't exist before . 
  valeurs actuelles was living without them before and will continue to live without them now . 
   and prisoner of what system ? 
  what governement as an entity has ever got from this ? 
  please give me solid examples ( this time read all the articles ) and not bullshit vague conspirationist crap . 
  so you do n't think they use it as a leverage ? 
  even if it is new subsidies , i do n't see any difference . 
  compare that to the way they treated the edwy plenel case , and you 'll see how a governement make some difference between friends and foes want some solid examples ? 
  yeah quite a lot of people actualy . 
  it started with the liberal people , but now more and more people are against it . 
  french people are really angry against our politics , media , and peoples for many years now . 
  because they think that all these guys are living on our money and are doing anything to preserve `` the system '' . 
  but in fact , most of the french has n't a clue about it . 
  how can they figure it out ? 
  journalists will never show a doubt about that matter . 
  it will be like shooting there own leg . 
   yeah , le figaro , that gets the most aid , is clearly a pro-hollande paper . 
  get the most aid ? 
  not per news paper sold . 
  also , it 's not about any political party but governement as an entity . 
  why do you think journalist have taxe advantage ? 
  why news papers are mostly supported by public money ? 
  it 's just to keep them prisoner of this system . 
  and use it when you want to shut down a newspaper . 
  an exemple ? 
  officially , it 's to be sure that every opinion can be represented in the press ... 
  but in fact , it 's a way for our governements to keep the press dependent of his good will ... 
   here 's the thing . 
  they sometimes do catch those people . 
  and the point of this law is to catch and bring / u/niqtamer in front of a judge easily ... 
   yeah it will totally stop / u/niqtamer from being a racist asshole on reddit and youtube . 
  yeah ... why do n't we stop to have a police too ? 
  because it 's not stopping people to kill , rape or steal things ... 
  let 's make a comment before even reading it !, 
  because that 's so funny and spiritual and ... stuff ... 
  but you 're wrong , it 's not about how to ban racism , we already have law for that . 
  but for exemple , it make it easier to prosecute people who are making racist comment on internet . 
  you know ... the thing we were talking about . 
   omg . 
  yeah man . 
  a twitter hashtag and a ridiculous campaign will fight racism . 
   it 's more like because you 'll find yourself very comfortable calling arabas `` bougnoules '' while it is most outrageous when you get called `` babtou fragile '' . 
  glad to learn something about me today from a perfect stranger !, 
  sorry , but i think that both are really messed up . 
  and i feel unconfortable the same way about it .
