  we do whatever the fuck we want , kind of the point of nato hegemony . 
  they 're still greek cores . 
  enforce claim !, 
  googles workers will be the first victims . 
  have you been to their offices ? 
  it 's a cult like atmosphere . 
  i have no doubt they 're being monitored for compliance . 
  by the way , i 'm not a tinfoil . 
  i used to work in banking , it was the exact same thing . 
  they deliberately make you work the long hours and spend more time with your colleagues than your family so that they own you mentally . 
  these cultures are purpose built . 
  it is a scary thought . 
  yet . 
  maybe we will find he 's into some weird shit and we 'll find him locked in a suitcase submerged in a bath ... 
  somehow . 
  seems to happen to cats like that . 
  there is the elysee palace in france to be fair . 
  that said , i expect that erdogan thinks of it more as his permanent personal residence , less as a residence of state . 
  at the very least ... 
  australia has had a very open policy of humanitarian resettlement since the 70s that has continued largely unabated . 
  what came in during the 90s was a zero tolerance policy of seeking asylum outside of refugee camps . 
  it 's a sensible middle ground which has seen millions of people settled over the decades and , latest wave aside , limited issues around integration . 
  what i am saying is that , even if the eu did something that is technically an act of war , what is turkey going to do about it ? 
  they 've got no allies outside of nato and the us would n't do anything even if the eu is technically in the wrong . 
  if the eu wants to embargo turkey there is n't anything they can do about it . 
  yeah and what will turkey do ? 
  attack ? 
  fact is might makes right in international relations and as piss weak as the eu is militarily , turkey is weaker . 
  that 's precisely what i 'm saying . 
  an independent , recognised palestine offers nothing to a nation state . 
  in fact the status who benefits a lot of dictatorships and monarchies in the arab world as its a convenient distraction when civil unrest rises . 
  that same distraction is useful to israel as they benefit from having antagonistic dictators that are rational actors as neighbours rather than unpredictable theocracies , which as we 've seen is the alternative form of government that can survive there . 
  they have nothing to trade , no natural resources , no intellectual property , no educated populace to exploit . 
  compare to israel . 
  hugely beneficial to the western world as a technology trade partner and a reliable if self interested defence and intelligence partner in the region . 
  does n't antagonise russia and has arms length but cordial relations with china . 
  put aside the public bluster that countries make largely for domestic consumption - who is going to put sanctions on israel when there 's no benefit from doing so ? 
  no one who matters . 
  the status quo works for israel . 
  they have a defensible perimeter and have the ability to secure more territory at will . 
  they have a reliable defence partner in the us who will veto any security council resolution against them . 
  they have trade relationships with the oecd that are mutually beneficial and material . 
  they 're well on their way to breeding themselves into a robust jewish state that can not be dislodged short of nuclear war . 
  palestine missed the opportunity for self determination when it rejected the oslo accords and a two state solution . 
  israel has the technological means to stop missile attacks and can largely prevent terrorist actions with the wall and its intelligence apparatus . 
  it is now going to play the demographic game - slowly expand settlements in the west bank , secure them and push palestinians out until there is a single state . 
  palestinians will be a stateless diaspora . 
  and no one will help palestine . 
  because at a nation state level they are not important enough or beneficial enough to waste blood and treasure over . 
  begging for it wo n't do anything . 
  self determination comes from force of arms , the offer for scotland to peaceably secede is an outlier not the rule . 
  israel owes palestine nothing and after the failure of the oslo accords ( which gave palestine a great deal ) they 're under no obligation to extend the olive branch . 
  their territory is secure , what benefit do they get from helping palestine when prior actions have shown that they do not reciprocate ? 
  no one has the unilateral right of self determination . 
  it is antithetical to the nation state system that all power structures are based off . 
  why give up anything ? 
  israel has tried to make concessions and has not gotten a palestine acting in good faith . 
  when they have gone all out bombing the shit out of them there is no consequence other than a few limp retaliatory attacks and some negative op ed pieces . 
  if anything they 've found that being a self interested actor is far more beneficial to them . 
  i ca n't see why they 'd be doing any different . 
  if the palestinians start making positive moves then it may be worthwhile changing behaviour . 
  until then , stay the course . 
  in the dog eat dog world of international relations it is incumbent on the weaker party to show their belly before the dominant one changes . 
  either way it means that right now putting your neck on the line with the expectation that no one will let the blade fall is foolish . 
  prisoners dilemma sits at the core of this . 
  the optimal strategy is for people to play a `` win win '' hand where everyone benefits but no one gets everything they want . 
  with an absence of trust though , people will play to win , and those playing a self interested hand will always win long term against those that play win-win hands . 
  you may want to believe that we have somehow evolved past self interested behaviour but a cursory examination of how the world works shows that 's not the case . 
  in that scenario you take care of your own and let the chips fall where they may for everyone else . 
  if you do n't you 're the dodo that the world snacks on . 
  [ his family said he was transferring back regular amounts in line with his wages - then a week out he transferred to family in tunisia 240,000 dinar ( about 98k eur , i was mistakenly quoting the figure in my local currency ) ] ( http://www.independent.ie/world-news/war-on-terror/isil-claims-the-nice-killer-as-one-of-its-own-34889706.html ) . 
  given he was recently divorced , lost his job and had financial problems i do n't see how he could get a loan for that kind of cash . 
  it 's not like you can pawn your cd collection for the better part of 100k . 
  he did say `` or imprison '' so he 's got you covered on those that ca n't be deported . 
  those very same palestinians ancestors tried to violently put down jews trying to exercise that same right . 
  force of arms saw to that . 
  the general rule is that self determination comes from the barrel of a gun , or the threat of one . 
  no one gives up land and treasure willingly . 
  they 've come out and said he transferred $ 150k to his family prior to the carnage so there is definitely some form of inducement or at least ill gotten windfall . 
  more that the us determines the international order and will ignore transgressions of nato members ( particularly where there is no territorial aggression ) but will not do the same for rivals like russia and china . 
  they would n't help france do it , but they would n't interfere ala uk - argentina over the falklands . 
  also , russia may use the justification in their public statements but i doubt it has any real bearing on their actions - they 'd do it anyway . 
  i was more dismissing the argument that there is nothing you can do if countries do n't want to take people back . 
  there is stuff you can do , though it 's unlikely to pass a cost benefit analysis . 
  and precedent does n't matter in international matters . 
  big counties do what they want , no one respects a `` well you did it so i should be able to '' argument . 
  the us could let france slide but come down hard on russian aggression and no one would bat an eye . 
  well , you can . 
  you roll up to the border of the country in question armed to the teeth and say `` have them back or i 'll turn your country to rubble '' . 
  it may not be cost effective and may ruffle a few feathers , but one of the privileges of being a nuclear armed member of the un security council is that you can do whatever the fuck you like as long as you do n't mess with the other big dogs . 
  last king to win his crown on the field , recovered his country from civil war and led to a peaceful succession , maintained control of a rebellious nobility through fines and penalties rather than violence ... definitely a contender . 
  i would want him as an espionage type alternative ruler to elizabeth . 
  honestly if it is just going to b uniting europe under the banner of house lancaster i can get behind the project . 
  makes it easier to get pu . 
  i totally approve even if it 's shit from an england start . 
  but ... do we remove kebab ? 
  in ck2 and eu4 i always remove kebab . 
  do n't get me wrong , being a global power is awesome cause you can make life better for yourself . 
  case in point is science funding . 
  coordinating that makes the us super powerful .
