  the one commonality was a focus on logical thinking ( not even numeracy ) . 
  by far the best graduate in my intake was a biological scientist . 
  there was a significant minority that had done a commerce / finance degree , but the majority of us had n't even done accounting 101 . 
  the expectation was that you 'd either learn quickly on the job or you 'd get shitcanned in 6 months . 
  this is right on the money . 
  if you want to have an open heart it needs to be paired with a firm hand . 
  the battle across europe to protect liberal orthodoxy at the expense of the practical realities plays into the hands of actors like russia who want to see a weak europe and prevent another hostile superpower from emerging . 
  remove baguette from premises !, 
  it 's ok . 
  i will tortilla, 
  he 's passing addressing this quite well . 
  i 'm not a fan of his domestic policies but he understands the electorate that will carry him to victory . 
  he wo n't be . 
  i spent 5 years running / financing infrastructure projects throughout the middle east post the second gulf war . 
  the quality of engineering and environmental science education across the board was very poor compared to western standards . 
  do n't get me wrong , there were some really smart people scattered throughout but they hamstrung by outdated methods , poor curriculum etc and surrounded by people who just were n't good enough but passed due to lax standards . 
  we basically had to retrain on the job . 
  i 'd take a well placed us high school graduate into a technical role over the average university graduate from damascus or baghdad . 
  i do n't think he is either , but that 's the media narrative . 
  it 's almost a national tradition to get drunk , stay up all night and watch eurovision . 
  doing it at prime time australian viewing time would ruin the tradition . 
  nah man she was just some bird who won x factor here . 
  we had paid her no mind before , no more after . 
  it 's as if boy george came second at eurovision . 
  australia does the same . 
  funnily illegal immigration is way down since we started clamping down on all their bullshit and put them in shitty tropical island camps . 
  christ these people piss me off . 
  they look at us immigration and say big numbers , big startups , correlation !, 
  not noticing that the vast majority of immigrants are skilled workers sponsored under visas rather than the lucky fuckers coming in on the green card lottery . 
  a ) you 're quoting fucking footballers in that list . 
  if that 's the case i 'm claiming semi radradra as my proof australian immigration works . 
  b ) the land here flat out supports almost no one . 
  i 'm on mobile but look at a map of waterways for australia vs europe . 
  it 's sobering , the vast majority of the landmass is uttterly uninhabitable . 
  c ) despite the rise of 457 visas immigration has largely been skilled and it 's largely been fantastic . 
  wages have n't been impacted . 
  if you 're a carpenter or a bricklayer or electrician you 're comfortably middle class and have a great life . 
  d ) that we export a huge amount of resources is proof that ( a ) the land is rich with untapped minerals and ( b ) the world wants them . 
  the resource boom here has been like the california gold rush . 
  it 's huge but do n't discount the massive absolute growth in non-mining industries . 
  if you think australia is a failure ( ca n't comment on canada ) either you live in utopia or you 're misinformed . 
  i know precisely what you mean . 
  though i 'm exiled to the colonies ( and loving it , australia is / wonderful / ) , the vast majority of people i know that voted leave really wanted to boot the south asians . 
  the poles were considered an issue , but then those same people went to the pub with a bunch of poles and had a grand night on the lash . 
  britain confuses me sometimes . 
  also outmanoeuvred by a centre-right woman . 
  if the shoe fits ... 
  christ farage is to the left of obama on a lot of issues . 
  if nigel farage is the face of british fascism i can sleep easy . 
  he looks like my uncle who sells dodgy used cars . 
  oh you sweet summer child . 
  come to the colonies , shit is fucked !, 
  i 'm of the same view . 
  if you want a zone with the same amount of disparity between london and bratislava as exists between new york and birmingham ( the alabama variety , although deliciously it also applies to the uk ) then vote for a single labour market . 
  guaranteed a massive chunk of your productive labour force will move to the most attractive place to live . 
  i honestly think a common market without freedom of movement would have been better for eastern europe than what we have now . 
  right now it feels like the troika of big powers in europe have carte blanche to poach the best and the brightest from around europe and provide token aid to the areas deprived of their talent . 
  that said it 's probably the most efficient thing to do at a macro level but the effects are severe locally . 
  decisions decisions ... 
  english speaking master race , 
  err , yeah it is . 
  le pen is way fucking worse . 
  trump is an idiot , they are just evil . 
  what people say when they 're hammered is usually quite telling . 
  he may be a cad and a chauvinist but it seems that despite being pro brexit he genuinely has no time for the insidious anti-semitism and proto-fascism of the le pens . 
  at a systemic level you 're absolutely correct , everyone acting cynically self interested will cause a massive collapse . 
  however , there is enough capacity within the system to deal with the negative effects of a few people who exploit the system . 
  everyone in charge or seriously wealthy is one of those people . 
  food for thought . 
  the wants of these people are irrelevant insofar as they are n't able to impose their will on the situation . 
  that is held by turkey and the eu powers . 
  if you want to see that change , push your country on the issue or break the rules and help them yourself . 
  but there 's no magical force making their wants and needs important , it 's a creation of individual value systems . 
  i 'm not making a value judgment as to whether these people are in the right or if their wants are justified . 
  i 'm just simply saying that without a means of making it happen for themselves , be it direct power of their own or convincing others to use theirs , it 's an academic argument at best . 
  yep , but it 's also liberating . 
  it means everything bar physical laws are subject to change , and thus a good chunk of the complaints we have about our lot in life can be overcome simply by cynically using the structures to our advantage and reshaping them to suit us when we can . 
  this is what i 'm getting at , albeit in a deliberately trolly way . 
  nothing is sacred . 
  if you want something ( like the freedom to move wherever you want ) you need to gather sufficient power to impose your will . 
  same with throwing down aristocracy or church . 
  western society is awesome , do n't get me wrong , but at its core it sits on a shared delusion of unbreakable rules that justify the power structure we have adopted . 
  how are rights not a fiction ? 
  what are they but a creation of a mind ? 
  rights have always been a window dressing to make power palatable to those who are ruled . 
  strip aside the comfortable fiction we 've created for ourselves and it 's plain . 
  all the rules our society have set up justify the way we take from others to make ourselves rich . 
  the wants of these people are irrelevant . 
  we 've determined , collectively , through our laws and economies , that these people are lesser and their suffering is worth less than our comfort . 
  it 's not pretty , but it 's what is truly going on . 
  turkey has power over these people . 
  it has given itself the rights to do with them what it wills . 
  such is the power of a dictator of a reasonably sized nation state . 
  rights are a fiction we 've created for ourselves . 
  the only meaningful rights are those you can enforce for yourself . 
  power is everything . 
  the powerful ( i.e. 
  the west ) will do what it wills and the poor will endure what they must . 
  as it ever has been , so it will be . 
  first world powers .
