  it just means you have to balance the increased size of the pie with your reduced share . 
  basically the value of individual shares on the day of the referendum were `` artificially '' high because they presumed that the uk would vote to remain . 
  when the vote went the other way , people ( particularly people who had bought shares with a loan secured / backed on the market value of their stake ) had suddenly found themselves in a position where , rather than the share they bought for $ 1 being worth $ 1.10 after the uncertainty was over was worth 90c due to the referendum result . 
  to clear their losses they sold . 
  this had the effect of reducing the price of the shares . 
  as a result the value of the market ( all the shares on the market x their price ) went down . 
  but the intrinsic value of the businesses represented by those shares did n't necessarily change . 
  well if we reform the roman empire we get claims on its old territories , right ? 
  ask a voter in new york why . 
  you 're culturally different from mississippi , pay a shitload in subsidies for their fuckups and then they screw you on shit you care about . 
  for the netherlands somewhere shit like lithuania becomes your mississippi . 
  now the us gets to be a world power and that is awesome but will the fiscal transfers be worth it for you ? 
  honestly whoever comes out and says they will definitely not execute article 50 and ignore the referendum will get the push from party bosses . 
  the reality is everyone is shitscared of dissolving the uk and the economic impact of trying to leave the eu . 
  hunt should go balls in . 
  why could n't this have come up sooner . 
  basically it confirmed that xabi was the only one in the squad that reads . 
  i got ta say if the eu was reformed in such a way i would have been much happier remaining . 
  fucking hell you really suck at math . 
  18-24 and 25-35 overwhelmingly voted remain but only 38 % and ~ 50 % voted respectively . 
  if they voted at the same rate as the 50 's crowd in the same split then remain would have won comfortably . 
  also if the turnout in scotland was the same as the indyref then the result would have also been far bigger . 
  scotland dropped the ball . 
  compared to losing a chunk of territory , having poor relations with the scots ( and to be fair , that 's generally how they 've been ) is worthwhile . 
  much as relations in spain are shit i 'd hazard a guess that the public purse is better off with catalonia in , yes ? 
  it literally means air force . 
  could just be someone 's post war fun flying in a tornado or eurofighter, 
  i hope the players use it . 
  would hate to see another repeat of spain 2010 / thyssen-bornemisza museum where only xabi alonso turned up . 
  yep . 
  you germans are the only competent people in the world , i forgot . 
  those damnable brown people are completely useless , my mistake . 
  there are 250m of them . 
  some actually do have skills that are marketable . 
  no shit you fucking idiot . 
  the ease with which they can move to the uk is precisely why the uk wo n't suffer from a skills shortage . 
  honestly mate the passive aggressiveness is getting a bit much - it 's no surprise people want to leave a union if the rest of germany is this insufferable . 
  my argument has been the exit wo n't cause a lack of qualified labour in the uk because people outside the eu with qualifications will still want to move there . 
  i used the commonwealth countries , including india , as an example of that . 
  do i think most ukip supporters would want a german doctor over a pakistani doctor , and that eu qualifications are better that third world ones ? 
  absolutely . 
  do i think ukip want an end to all immigration bar english speaking whites ? 
  probably , but they wo n't be in power so it wo n't matter . 
  immigration for skills will happen regardless of where those skills come from . 
  lots of things about leaving the eu are massive negatives but access to qualified labour is n't going to be a material issue . 
  yeah but my arguments are n't invalidated by your fee fees . 
  it 's ok . 
  i can taste the salt from here . 
  the reality is this is an exit of britain is extremely damaging to the eu project and puts further pressure on their anaemic economic recoveries . 
  the resurgence of london as a financial centre in the 80s is the result of the city embracing us style neoliberal economics , not access to the common market . 
  it 's just typical of european posters that they attribute any and all success to the european project and not other factors . 
  do n't be so condescending . 
  at least in australia moving to the uk either temporarily on a 2 year working visa or longer if you can find an employer sponsor is a very very common thing . 
  doctor from india or pakistan . 
  where do they want to go work ? 
  the u.k. finance workers from south africa ? 
  the same . 
  lawyers from australia ? 
  same thing . 
  there is a huge demand for spots in the uk from non eu migrants and their decision to move there has nothing or next to nothing to do with eu membership . 
  i 'm not saying that the exit is good , i 'm just saying that this particular issue wo n't be a problem . 
  nope . 
  all preferential treatment for commonwealth nationals was removed by the uk in 1973 as a part of moving towards joining the eec/eu . 
  it 's actually really difficult to move to the uk permanently for a australian , nz or canadian national unless you qualify for citizenship through a parent ( grandparent not enough ) . 
  no , you 're not . 
  the vast majority of the world does not speak french . 
  almost everyone learns english as a second language . 
  if you 're in asia or africa , ambitious and educated you want to move to america , australia , canada or the uk . 
  there are generally big expat populations and you can speak the language to get a job . 
  i agree a german would probably go for paris over london post exit , but the uk gets a huge amount of skilled migration from outside europe and that will continue irrespective of whether the uk is outside the eu . 
  but despite all the bullshit it was still your preference , right ? 
  i spent 10 years working across asia , africa and the americas . 
  i know visas . 
  the rest of the world outside europe does . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  it 's certainly not an emotional roller coaster like people are positing . 
  you get a job , the company gets you a visa , you go to work and do your job . 
  not hard . 
  as someone who has worked in high finance for nearly 15 years , confidence is n't shattered but it 's definitely not a good development . 
  the euro trade will leave , certainly , but so much business is written in london its insane . 
  almost every insurance deal , commodities , metals and rare earths , a good 50 % of the bond trade , capital raising , listings , m&a activity , pfi/ppp ... that does n't leave because london is out of the eu . 
  whoever gets the euro trade ( probably frankfurt or paris but maybe dublin given its english speaking ) will see an improvement in its position in global financial markets , but there is no way it disrupts the 1-2 positioning of new york ( 1 ) and london ( 2 ) . 
  agreed that the lack of right to reside makes it less attractive , but the lure of london ( and london alone , no one gives a single solitary fuck about birmingham or the other cities ) will still be sufficiently high . 
  they 're not going to suffer from wont of candidates . 
  agreed , but outside of europe it still has a massive hold over public consciousness , rivalled only by paris in europe . 
  come to asia or africa . 
  the only city in europe that most care to visit is london . 
  it does n't discourage them from coming is more my point . 
  everyone i grew up with in high school wanted to move to the uk to live , for at least a while if not longer if they could get permanent residency . 
  that it was difficult pissed them off , no doubt , but they still came . 
  the same will occur with everyone else . 
  like it or not , the two centres of the world are london and new york . 
  commonwealth workers seem to do fine and have done since they were booted from the right to reside in 73 . 
  amazingly people will still want to go to the uk even once its outside the eu . 
  but scotland is n't a real country anyway . 
  it 's a fiction , like harry potter or attractive iowans . 
  spiting ( as in to spite ) not spit on someone . 
  i have citizenship in ireland and australia as well so even if it does i 'm fine . 
  do n't get me wrong , voting to leave is silly for these people , given how important the common market is for those shitty towns , but junker and tusk are insufferable and anything that makes them mad is great lulz . 
  nah spiting europe is really fun at this point .
