so now , besides probably a handful of diplomats , what is italy 's prescience in libya ? 
  in libya there are a lot of italians enterprise , like eni . 
  in italy i do n't think . 
  marquez and lorenzo are n't translate in italy , they speak a bit of italian ; it 's funny that in spain is the same for rossi !, 
  dynamo was invented by [ pacinotti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antonio_pacinotti ) , an italian physicist , and the alternator was inveted by lord kelvin and ziani de ferranti ... america sucks . 
  yes i 'm italian !, 
  it 's beatiful to see that in india lancia is famous !!, 
  like us when we reading spanish or french . 
  that username !!!, 
  i love it !!!, 
  norfolk instead of pistoia ... not bad !, 
  we move hands meaningless mostly . 
   sign language seems fair . 
  australia and new zeland were already indiependent in 1914 and canada was enough autonomous . 
  sgabei are from lunigiana and north tuscany , i think they are not representative for all the region . 
  lampredotto is the way !, 
  tuscany : where is [ lampredotto ] ( http://lorenzovinci.ilgiornale.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/lampredotto-firenze-03.jpg ) ?!, 
  it is the most famous street food in florence !, 
  in lucca we call this thing '' pasta fritta '' , it is the same as sgabei but bigger . 
  thanks for this interesting ama , i 've got a few issue for you . 
  * have you ever voted pursuing national interest instead of conforming on the european party line ? 
  * what solution do you propose in order to solve the problem of the russian ethnic group in your country ? 
  * what would you change in the european union ? 
  i do n't see sandals and white socks , they are certanly in the backpack . 
  it 's an inside jokes on r/italy ... and anyway it 's how we call it , in all languages the name of cities and zone are different !, 
  what about nizza and corsica ? 
  just saying , because every fucking time the meme `` and the tyroleans !!, 
  1 ! 1 ! 1 '' came out , and in the history of europe it was n't the only time . . and it was 1930 . 
  when r/europe will grow up ? 
  why nobody here look at the russian in the baltics , rom in romania etc but every fucking time this thing , older than 60 years , come out ?!, 
  for the instance slovenes and croatian were treated worst than tyroleans , but that 's not a meme on this sub . 
  oh yes , it 's not a problem if people die , they are black or muslims , or both ... holy jesus ... are we still human for christ sake ? 
  look , here you missed totally the point : for us the problem are two : 1 ) when the problem were syrians eu ( and even us than ) paid turkey , the problem was for a lot of country and the solution was easy ( and nobody gave a fuck about human right ) , now we are alone , this is not a problem that you can deal with in few weeks and we ca n't let die people , it 's more complicate than this but my english is shitty and it 's midnight ( there is the problem of eu court , the unclos , lybia etc. ) . 
  2 ) the army in a union like eu it 's a very very very awfull symbol , and in italy austia 's army is not so popular for historical reasons . 
  now , like ever we wo n't do something because * we are italy , we are europeans , we like eu , our force is diplomacy bla bla bla * but this sucks , a lot , for us , because when others had this problem the solution was found , now is only our problem than other country close borders and fuck italy . 
  well , thanks * fratelli * , it 's good to be european i see , spinelli and monnet are proud ... austria today was the drop that had overflow the jar , and the army at brenner remember us 1914-1918 or 1934 . 
   migrant loads back in lybia instead of ferrying them ove art. 33 of the geneva conventions , the united nations convention on the law of the sea and the sar are your friends , why you do n't meet them ? 
  first point : i do n't give a fuck about how swiss see us , in switzerland the national sport is to throw shit on italy and italians and your point of view for me it 's , for this , biased . 
  you talk about not registered migrants , and that is bullshit because ispi , one of the most important italian think tank - not journalist , and it 's very important because on this theme there are a lot of speculations for the glory of the populism - [ say that at april 2017 italy have been registred 96 % of the imigrants ] ( http://www.ispionline.it/it/articoli/articolo/europa/fact-checking-migrazioni-17046 ) ( sorry , it 's in italian , i ca n't find nothing so authoritative in english ) . 
  your statements is plasmed on old data . 
   `` if they leave italy they 're not our problem anymore '' . 
  oooh , it 's very very very similar with the atitude to leave us alone because '' it 's a problem of italy '' . 
  they say , you ca n't even imagine how this politician are . 
  you wo n't see the point i see ... we do n't blame you for our borders ( it 's easy for you anyway , we have this thing called `` sea '' ) but for use the army , that is a awful symbol in a union . 
  and than we blame you because we are alone in a union , porco dio . 
  that 's bullshit , have you looked at the newest data on registration ? 
  no , i think , it 's pretty clear that you talk without basis . 
  i waited for a few second for the loading of this immagine , than i understood that is snow , not a lag in the loading of the immage !!, 
  very beautiful btw . 
  funny thing is that in italy we sing all time the first part of this anthem , this second is not much know by italians but for me it 's beautiful , there is all our history here !, 
  ok , i understood a different thing . 
  italy was born in 1861 , before this year it not makes sense to speak of `` italy '' as a state . 
  as a geographical and cultural area yes , but as a political system no . 
  united italy has had only one republic . 
  most beautiful girls in the word !, 
  jokes about the inhabitant ( in italian '' ceco '' sounds like '' cieco '' , a person who ca n't see ) . 
  this is the only good thing of berlusconi 's era !, 
  nope , it 's right . 
  cittadella it 's just the name of that city , in italian it means small city . 
  we use also the term '' cittadella '' to specify a fortification like that . 
  last week gentiloni was in russia and the press conference was very warm . 
  he is a realist and he has a lot of experience in foreign affairs , he know that russia hold italy in the hand with gas and he has ever tried to keep moscow close , even for lybia , where italy and russia are on the opposite side and gentiloni know that without putin 's will it 's impossibile to build a new stable regime . 
  historically italy and ussr-russia are friends , not openly maybe but in substance . 
  rally . 
  great rally pilots . 
  cold . 
  i think the last time , before 2012 i did n't remember him . 
  well , corsic are ( were ? 
  donnou , it 's difficoult to say ) close to tuscans , the language that they speak is similar to pisa 's and lucca 's vernacular in the north and close to sardinian in the south for that i studied . 
  other territory were only business basis , but until stalin , for example , in crimea there were offsprings of genoa 's colonies , now they are very very few . 
  i laughed a lot when he was elected , no shit . 
  istria it 's a meme on r/italy , that 's all ... we do n't get really a fuck about istria , fiume and zara . 
  personally i would prefere corsica instead of istria , they are brother of tuscans and the french repressed irredentist and indiependent movements for centuries . 
  anyway you can see that pola should be italian , the anfiteatro it 's clearly an italian style stadium !, 
  in italy legislature are variable :d theoretically it 's five years but in the history of the republic the term has never been achieved , than it 's difficoult to syncronize elections . 
  well , i did n't know it , i 'm not greek and i based my statement on ec documents . 
  from my reasearch in greece there is mandatory vote even for [ the national parliament ] ( http://www.ipu.org/parline-e/reports/2125_b.htm ) . 
  by the way it is intresting , we had something similar in italy in the 50s . 
  it is not simple , in a lot of states the legislature lasts 4 years . 
  therefore it 's not simple to sincronize ep legislature because , simply , national legislature are offset by ep legislature and maybe states votes before the end of it . 
  it 's true but voting is mandatory for the ep [ even in grece and cyprus ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/eplibrary/infographic-2014-european-elections-national-rules.pdf ) and numbers are very different . 
  fine are different i think , but belgium do n't worry , even with low fine you are the best in all ranks for voting . 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/document/files/final_report_2014_ep_elections_study_cses_10_march_2015.pdf ), 
  well , emilia is historically tollerant and lef-wing zone , but in the south of the country and in more conservative cities ( like mine ) homophobia is still present . 
  we 've improved but it is n't still enough . 
  we have to look at bests to improve ourselves . 
  shame on my country ... 
  ok i 'm biased for the italian but your singer was very good for me , not for the song per se but for how he sing , he is very capable . 
  and he is funny !, 
  holy shit san marino !, 
  we did n't conquist that shitty mountain in centuries and now they betray us ?!, 
  fuck you san marino !, 
   france became a cultural centre thanks to the massive import of italian artist and such we know we know ... give back the gioconda !, 
  well , on cousine and wine we discuss a lot !, 
  i did n't support the '' bottle of wine case '' but it was funny , i ca n't deny it !, 
  botte , not '' barica '' . 
  but yes , is a very common way of saying in italy !, 
  i know that our wine and our cuisine is better than theirs / s and we are cousins , we disagree all of the time but we like each other after all . 
  edit : i forgot trezeguet , thuram and platini !, 
  juventus supporters love french players !,
