  saab acknowledges this as well and is n't [ positioning the gripen ng as a direct competitor . 
  ] ( http://forum.keypublishing.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=223978 ), 
  meads is codeveloped with the us . 
  your theory of bowing to american pressure away from lockheed and towards rayhteon does n't seem very likely . 
  the ussr did become a major supplier of war materiele later , providing over 50 % of steel and 30 % of german oil . 
  they also coordinated plans for other countries . 
  lol . 
  you 're right , it would be if that happened . 
  yeah , there have been statements that it may be unwise . 
  its what they cry anytime anyone reprimands them at all . 
  its really weird , because there has n't been much public reaction at all to what russia is doing . 
  its almost as if they * want * there to be some large public outcry about it . 
   but the man was definitely an intellectual juggernaut and his ideas have influenced such a wide array of people and historical developments that i think he deserves at least the benefit of the doubt from everyone who reads him . 
  we agree on that point . 
   not accusing you personally of this , but it 's pretty ignorant to assume that capitalism is the `` default state '' of human socioeconomic organization , actually it reveals some pretty serious ignorance about what capitalism means . 
  i do n't think you are , you 've been pretty fair to me . 
  i just think we disagree and that is fine . 
  i do n't think historical materialism really works , and i do n't think societies progress linearly through these kind of stages of evolution that marx proposed . 
  i also believe modern capitalism is far more complex and efficient than anything marx envisioned . 
   democratic socialism is still a very potent force in politics all around the world . 
  yeah , but they 're not really socialist . 
  they all have publicly traded companies , all have landlords , and all have rich people . 
   the real world was n't a sterile laboratory where everyone peacefully waited to see if the socialist experiment would work out , powerful interests did all they could to destroy it . 
  this is the rallying cry of every failed system ever . 
  but if it was such a success , why is it never able to stand up against these evil foreigners ? 
   leftist political movements that were inspired by marxism and no , those absolutely did n't all turn into an ecological and humanitarian disaster everywhere they appeared . 
  i said large scale , like on a country wide scale . 
  sure there have been small villages in spain or paris for 2 months over a century ago , but not really many resounding success stories outside of that . 
  i was n't arguing that , i was arguing against capitalism necessarily leading to an ecological collapse . 
  it does n't have to . 
  and i 'm not sure that marxism is good to point to , anywhere that has tried it on a large scale has turned into both an ecological and humanitarian disaster . 
  you did n't say unrestrained capitalism , you simply said capitalism . 
  no one who is taken seriously argues for completely unrestrained markets . 
  there are too many ways for them to fail . 
  the figures are inflation adjusted . 
   capitalism will have its reckoning because the planet can not support 11 billion middle class citizens even by today 's standard of middle class . 
  its entirely possible , [ energy and gdp are already starting to become decoupled ] ( https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/files/2014/01/decoupling-2.png&amp;w=1484 ) . 
  ( from [ this article ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonkblog/wp/2014/01/17/can-we-sever-the-link-between-energy-and-growth/ ) . 
  [ sweden has shown it is possible to lower co2 ] ( http://blogs.worldbank.org/climatechange/sweden-decoupling-gdp-growth-co2-emissions-possible ) emissions and grow your economy . 
  could very well be , it depends on circumstances i guess . 
  much harder to find though . 
  submarines can launch cruise missiles hundreds of kilometers in land . 
  quiet diesel electric subs are an excellent deterent . 
  ship based attacks become difficult with them around and poland wants to make them a platform for cruise missile strikes ( probably tomohawks ) to hit targets in land as well . 
  mikkeller in denmark has some awesome beers , i like the beer geek breakfast with civet cat coffee in it . 
  us superiority in wwii came down to doctrine really more than anything , not overwhelming numbers though . 
  the us did n't put an emphasis on massive heavy tanks or a machine gun for infantry support . 
  the us was heavily focused on combat integration , especially of artillery but also of air support with their other forces . 
  they could call down artillery much more quickly and have it be directed from frontline troops . 
  tank destroyers and tactics dealt with the panzers and tigers just fine , when they were n't breaking down . 
  the soviets also get this stigma because they won seemingly from their massive numbers . 
  they also won because their superior doctrine and deep battle theory allowed massive logistical deployments of hundreds of kilometers , as well as the excellent t-34 tank . 
  they were simply better prepared for the reality of modern mechanized warfare . 
  until they vote on it . 
  which they will have several months to do . 
  it looks like someone is unfamiliar how treaties work , did they release details of the iran nuclear deal while they were trading provisions ? 
  the engines are russian made and pushed past spec to try and match western designs . 
  the chinese are developing their own right now , they may eventually improve past what they 're using now . 
  maybe try asking him kindly enough ? 
  the absolute best way to prevent that and have peace is a strong deterrent . 
  it might not be a good deterrent , nuclear weapons that close might be wiped out in a first strike attack . 
  the a10 cannon is useless against any modern tank built after 1980 . 
  it was an f16 and it was n't a dogfight . 
  the f16 was a chase plane used to compare with how the software limits were set on the f35 . 
  they discovered that they can relax them some . 
  you think the taliban is stronger now than 2000 ? 
  the journal nature has a ranking that puts [ germany 3rd in the world based off of a ranking looking at the most highly cited journals . 
  ] ( http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v522/n7556_supp/fig_tab/522s34a_t1.html ) . 
  out of institutions , [ the max planck society and hemholtz society both rank in the top 10 in the world . 
  ] ( http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v522/n7556_supp/fig_tab/522s34a_t2.html ) . 
  i 'm not quite sure how the posted ranking has germany behind belgium , the netherlands , or israel because that is n't true based on raw output . 
  the deal will be public over a year before voting , no ? 
  self delusions of peace without strength is what supports war . 
  paraphrasing a quote attributed sometimes to trotsky , even if you are n't interested in war , war is interested in you . 
  they 're all pretty powerful pictures . 
  i had a meeting with and had trouble keeping a straight face because of this comment . 
  iraq had the 4th largest military in the world in 1991 . 
  if it 's a form of nationalism then yes . 
  if it 's pride about heritage , no . 
  political theorists often talk about two types of nationalism , civic and ethnic . 
  civil nationalism is pride in your countries accomplishments with you contributing to those accomplishments . 
  its like extolling the virtues of the french revolution , usually it is not problematic . 
  ethnic nationalism links those ties to a group of people . 
  that can be a little more worriesome . 
  you 're right , i had it wrong . 
  no , exchange rate has nothing to do with the cost of goods . 
  think about it , an exchange rate of dollars and euros can change a few percent in a day . 
  does that mean that food became more expensive in one or the other overnight ? 
  or does it change for other reasons like speculation ? 
  and nominal gdp does n't adjust for anything . 
  that is what nominal means , as opposed to real which is inflation adjusted . 
  it does n't adjust for the price of goods at all , only currency exchange rates . 
  if you look at the calculation , the price of goods never is measured or put into the calculation . 
  the bottom 10 % still have [ higher quality of life than those of almost anywhere . 
  ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/04/23/upshot/the-american-middle-class-is-no-longer-the-worlds-richest.html?referrer= ), 
  ppp does n't adjust for cost of living . 
  catobar is extremely expensive and takes a lot of time to get to work . 
  also f/a 18s and harriers ( even more so ) are not suited to modern war in any area with double digit sams , which many countries are looking to buy and new f/a 18s are comparable in price to f-35s . 
  the famine was n't primarily in the cities , it was rural but the ethnicity does n't really matter anyway . 
  there were grain requisition targets set up and mettime after time , long after it became clear people were starving .
