  i would n't call them quite the same , from gulag archipelago . 
   [ the guards removed the prisoner 's jacket or field shirt , and immediately the hungry bedbugs assaulted him , crawling onto him from the walls or falling off the ceiling . 
  at first he waged war with them strenuously , crushing them on his body and on the walls , suffocated by their stink . 
  but after several hours he weakened and let them drink his blood without a murmur . 
  ] ( http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article9236.htm ) and  [ in the novorossisk nkvd they invented a machine for squeezing fingernails . 
  as a result it could be observed later at transit prisons that many of those from novorossisk had lost their fingernails . 
  ] ( http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article9236.htm )  and breaking the prisoner 's back ? 
  \\ ( as in that same khabarovsk gpu in 1933 . \\ ) ] ( http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article9236.htm )  [ a long piece of rough toweling was inserted between the prisoner 's jaws like a bridle ; the ends were then pulled back over his shoulders and tied to his heels . 
  just try lying on your stomach like a wheel , with your spine breaking-and without water and food for two days !, 
  ] ( http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article9236.htm ) i do n't think they were like concentration camps , but they were far from prisons . 
   same with the holodomor i never claimed that lenin was responsible for something after his death , i definitely think stalin was though . 
  shipping prisoners to siberia was around from the czars . 
  and yes , prisoners were shipped to the gulags during lenins time . 
   [ during the suppression of the tambov rebellion , estimates suggest that around 100,000 peasant rebels and their families were imprisoned or deported and perhaps 15,000 executed . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror )  [ this campaign marked the beginning of the gulag , and some scholars have estimated that 70,000 were imprisoned by september 1921 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror ) according to the [ museum of communism ] ( http://www.thegulag.org/exhibits/gulag-timeline ) , the first gulag was built in 1918 and the system was used extensively very shortly after the revolution and prisoners of the red terror were sent there . 
  well it certainly did n't have gulags . 
   lenin was a hero of the people except for the whole [ red terror thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror ) . 
  [ `` if we are not ready to shoot a saboteur and white guardist , what sort of revolution is that ? 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_killings_under_communist_regimes ), 
  what specifically are you talking about though ? 
  other countries have been the more accommodating , not france . 
  france ate the cost of two amphibious assault ships and has n't taken a really strong stance either way . 
  it has in europe . 
  what are you going on about ? 
  you 're bringing stuff up from the de gaulle years . 
  france has a very capable military that was very active in afghanistan , libya , and now in syria . 
  the libya campaign showed that they lack logistics and c3 capabilities , but most nato members do to some extent and that can be fixed with closer integration . 
  its foolish not to want one of the most powerful firmly democratic countries in the world in nato . 
  they do n't exactly share a common enemy , since russia has seen it wise to continue assad 's policy of attacking hospitals aligned to rebel enemies and not isis . 
   under ceta , we could be eating yorkshire wensleydale cheese produced in ontario and cornish pasties from nunavut . 
  not cornish pasties from nunavut . 
  you said that syria is one of the `` oases of secularism '' , its not really an oasis of anything . 
  it would be like saying iraq was before the invasion . 
  there really is one country that can make your claim but a lot of people criticize them for things far , far less severe than many things syria has done . 
  that is n't the whole story , the taliban fought in the afghan civil war against several factions that fought the soviets . 
  assad released hundreds of criminals as a pretext for starting a war and massacring his citizens . 
  failed states and extractive institutions breed terrorism more than anything . 
   for aq and taliban it was done to pester the ussr . 
  which is what the cold war was all about . 
  that would be quite a feat considering that the taliban was started in 5 years after the berlin wall fell . 
  al qaeda was founded in 1988 by foreigners that were not being funded by the us and eventually grew apart from them . 
   the fact of the matter rt news and all those other channels only appeal to a certain group of people . 
  those people are your nwo believers , religious armageddon , anti-semanticists , and other conspiracy believers who have some notion of russian romanticism . 
  its fine when they are on the fringe , but we now have one running for president . 
   funny , the people , by means of their democratically elected representatives , are doing exactly that : deciding that they want to pay you mean some people are deciding for everyone . 
  democracy is n't as efficient as markets . 
   leaving the single market is absolutely against the goal of freer trade that was my point , it leaves everyone worse off . 
  but hey , if we stop some poor brown farmers from earning some more money by limiting what coffee we can buy , at least britain strong . 
  as soon as you buy a single coffee bean from africa all european farms collapse . 
   why grow food when they can grow it for us more cheaply in africa ? 
  why indeed ? 
  is it that crazy to let people decide what to buy themselves ? 
   but life gets scarier still . 
  newspapers and the airwaves are now filled by free-market fundamentalists who have waited decades to design a trade system unhindered by government : a true free market . 
  i did n't think the guardian could get more inane , did n't they leave europe because they did n't want larger and more open markets ? 
  these populists are the farthest thing from free market . 
   this is what i just ca n't seem to explain to my serbian girlfriend , who thinks everything is a conspiracy by nato aka america against russia and the rest of the world yeah , a conspiracy to get rich like the rest of the west has over the last 70 years . 
  what a tragedy . 
  do you think a 10 % drop in currency overnight is a good thing ? 
   faik this is independent from the us and nato deployment of other systems . 
  this is what worries russia : i agree that it is independent , i do n't think russia will say anything about this . 
  they are incensed about the abm though , you are right . 
  is the article even about the aegis ashore ? 
  it made it sound more like typical anti-air missiles . 
  the missile 's are anti-access/area denial systems against aircraft , they are n't meant to shoot down nuclear weapons at all . 
  poland has been talking about upgrades for quite some time , but this is distinct from the aegis ashore system being setup in romania . 
  so the idea would be do n't invade me or i 'll kill myself ? 
  that is n't a very good deterrent . 
  besides , it would take hundreds and hundreds of megatons to do close to what you are describing , its not financial feasible and it does n't accomplish any security goals . 
  i do n't think i understand , if the bomb does n't move who will it kill ? 
  the employees of the storage facility ? 
  i honestly thought this was going to be about pastries . 
  they 're pretty expensive , and hard to hide that you are building a nuclear arms industry . 
  i do n't know where you would put them that would n't be in danger from a quick first strike . 
  boomers are even more expensive , and that is why only 6 nations on earth with them . 
  you would have to build the shipyard capability to build a 15-20k tonne warships that can launch a rocket underwater in low earth orbit . 
  the dictatorship of the proletariat is a half step that gets you there and connects the two . 
  the big fight early on was that anarchists did n't believe this , did n't turn out too good for them though . 
   but belorus and ukraine did n't exist  that is a problem that has been solved before . 
   the only thing to do is cut russia off economically , indefinitely , to make them understand that their current government 's conduct is unacceptable . 
  make the world 's second largest nuclear power a pariah ? 
  even the soviet union traded to get enough grain to feed their people . 
  i 'm about as cautious of russia as they come , but i think there is little benefit to outright confirming all of the fears in one gesture because of some heated language . 
  western media is often highly critical of its own government , especially if they disagree ideologically . 
  is there one example of a fox news style smear campaign against putin that is popular in russia ? 
   while the eurofighter is an f-16 with a pesa radar rather than an msa eurofighter 's will be getting aesas though , wo n't they ? 
  and they 're irst is second to none ( until f-35s go into actual service at least ) . 
  you 've never heard of the [ german soviet treaty of friendship , cooperation , and demarcation ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/german-soviet_frontier_treaty ) that was signed and amended after 1 month following molotov-ribbentrop ? 
  i 'm literally taken it from the name . 
  i do n't know what history they teach in your country , you should learn that it made the ussr the major supplier of war materiele to nazi germany and ceded lithuania in exchange for lublin . 
  maybe there would be more gratitude if they had n't helped the nazis start the war in the first place . 
  or they did n't have a friendship pact with the nazis to supply oil and steel for two years . 
  sm-3 's are n't designed to take out a topol-m ( r ) and have very limited capability to do so , really only the gmd is designed to take out an icbm on a high parabolic trajectory during midcourse . 
  sm-3s have a planned booster upgrade that might get them there , but i do n't know how well they will do . 
  the decoys pose a problem too , but in time there will be progress against those too . 
  bulavas follow a much lower flight trajectory and could very well be intercepted by sm-3s in low earth orbit . 
  i do n't know how well they would with countermeasures , but to say that they are completely useless is i think incorrect . 
  they work pretty consistently in tests against irbms and several exoathmospheric tests have also been successful . 
  there have been [ 30 successful tests between the sm-3 ( which is part of this system ) and gmd ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense-news/2015/11/24/contractors-complete-key-multi-object-kill-vehicle-program-review-raytheon-lockheed-martin-boeing/76311514/ ) . 
  i 'm not sure what added capabilities they are adding to offensive missiles , they already travel at something like 7 kilometers per second , or about mach 20 .
