  other statements that cepr has made on the subject . 
   [ economic theory tells us that diversity generates costs as it makes communication and cooperation more difficult . 
  but it also generates benefits in terms of potential skill complementarity between workers from diverse backgrounds . 
  ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/immigration-diversity-and-economic-prosperity )  [ diversity of skilled immigration has a positive impact on the income and productivity levels of the richer countries in our sample . 
  ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/immigration-diversity-and-economic-prosperity )  [ most european countries seem to fall into the second category . 
  they are stuck in a low-skilled and low-diversity immigration trap . 
  increasing the size of this type of immigration flows will do little to increase prosperity of the receiving countries . 
  increasing the diversity and the size of high skilled immigration would help . 
  ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/immigration-diversity-and-economic-prosperity )  [ a number of recent studies have built a strong case linking cultural diversity with a range of economic outcomes . 
  whether talking about creativity , innovation , or productivity , research in western europe and the us regularly finds support for a ` diversity dividend ' ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/cultural-diversity-and-entrepreneurship-new-evidence ) this took a few minutes of searching but it was incredibly easy to understand what they meant . 
  it does n't matter what they said , they clearly mean diversity in immigration . 
  how would pulling out of the eu lead to less domestic diversity otherwise ? 
  yes it is , did you look at the report or are you guessing ? 
  thats quite clearly what the authors of the report mean , they mean immigration of skilled workers . 
  they explain further when they say it could hurt the uk when the uk  [ will have a referendum on its continuing membership of the eu in 2016 which might prove at best disruptive and at worst lead to a more insular and less diverse culture which in turn would generate slower growth . 
  ] ( http://www.cebr.com/reports/welt-2016/#download-pdf ) ( warning : download from cepr website ) how else would pulling out of the eu hurt the uk via diversity unless its through skilled immigration ? 
  having a society that attracts a diverse set of entrepreneurs and inventors can absolutely be a benefit . 
  the uk is n't the first country to benefit from brain drain . 
  unless you like good weather , then california . 
  could be . 
  the f-35 packages being sold also include service contracts and the like which are significantly higher over the f-35s life span . 
  i think it is still comparable in many cases , but probably higher than the newest gripens will be . 
  was this gripen ng ? 
  the prices i 've seen came at 80m a piece . 
  i would much rather get presents from starman than santa . 
  liberate the tools of fresh breath . 
  you are thinking eurofighters in the red flag exercise . 
  and this was when the rules of engagement were changed so that they did n't target with radars but at shorter range , it was no use continuing with long range because the eurofighters could n't get close enough . 
   [ `` two other german officers , col. andreas pfeiffer and maj. marco gumbrecht , noted in the same report that the f-22 's capabilities are `` overwhelming '' when it comes to modern , long-range combat as the stealth fighter is designed to engage multiple enemies well-beyond the pilot 's natural field of vision - mostly while the f-22 is still out of the other plane 's range . 
  grumbrecht said that even if his planes did everything right , they were n't able to get within 20 miles of the next-generation jets before being targeted . 
  '' ] ( http://www.f-16.net/forum/viewtopic.php?f=55&amp;t=21808&amp;start=2145 ), 
  not [ according to saab . 
  ] ( http://forum.keypublishing.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=223978 ), 
  the links you have are poor sources do n't understand that it was a software test . 
   [ articles making the claim that the f-16 is superior cite tests performed earlier in the year to assess the flying qualities of the f-35 during within visual range combat and the f-16 involved was used as a visual reference to maneuver against . 
  the aim of the test was to demonstrate the ability of the f-35 to fly to the edge of its restricted test limits without exceeding them . 
  the test scenario was apparently successful as it allowed the aircraft be cleared for greater agility in future tests . 
  ] ( https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/no-the-f-35-was-not-beaten-by-an-f-16/ ) i do n't know how you dogfight without weapon targeting systems in place . 
   they 've been saying that since planes went from propellers to jet engines . 
  they have n't been right so far . 
  no , that is simply the reality of modern air warfare as is present on the battlefield . 
  [ in the 60s , 60 % of kills were from guns . 
  since 1990 its less than 5 % and 60 % are beyond visual range . 
  ] ( http://csbaonline.org/search/?x=0&amp;y=0&amp;q=stillion ) this info from an assessment of us air force officer who compiled this data , he writes that maneuvering is much less important with these highly agile missiles . 
  ( the link is on the page , titled `` trends in air to air combat by john stillion ) look for dogfights in the text , he writes that they are rare and obsolete . 
   what 's known is that in a close range dog fight it got beaten by an f-16 ( not to mention its russian counterparts ) . 
  it has never had a mock dog fight with an f-16 or russian jet of any kind . 
  what you are describing was a software test so the engineers can decide how safe it is to loosen software restrictions . 
  they decided they can push it further . 
  besides real dogfights do n't happen anymore , if you get in range and both fighters are carrying high off-boresight missiles it is extremely likely that both fighters will die . 
   it 'll be interesting to see if that holds true in the current round of renewing the fighter inventory . 
  they 're considering f-35 , eurofighter , rafaele and gripen if i remember correctly . 
  well norway is taking the leap for the f-35 , and the single engine on the f-16 is historically more reliable than the two on an f-15 . 
  ukraine had widespread requisitioning of grain , including seed grain vital for the next years harvest , and troikas committed to killing anyone who complained . 
  moscow was very suspicious of foreign and kulak influence in ukraine and came down especially hard on them . 
  name one incident where a non allied country breached us airspace in the last 40 years . 
  it happens in the air defense identification zone all the time , not sovereign airspace of a country with thousands of nuclear weapons . 
  i agree that it was probably an overreaction and i do n't think that turkey is entirely in the right ( and of course neither are the rebels who shot at the pilots ) . 
  but at some point russia has to learn to tread with a little more caution around the airspace of a nato member . 
  it maybe was n't the wisest decision , but at some point a country has to defend its territorial integrity . 
  it is the first job of a state . 
  i did n't say end the world , but they would escalate nuclear preparedness . 
  and this would have nothing to do with political leaders in the early stages , these decisions are made based on doctrine established in the 60s using game theory . 
  it would be almost automatic and a breach of us airspace , especially by a potentially nuclear armed bomber , would be taken very seriously . 
  if a tu-95 crossed over seattle while ignoring all hails ? 
  hell yeah they would , it would be blown out of the sky . 
  russia would do the same , the ussr prepared for nuclear war following a military exercise in 1983 . 
  they escort them from territorial waters as they get close to the us but not over their land . 
  any nation 's aircraft that tried to fly into the us or canada without responding to radio would probably be tracked and shot before it crossed over land and probably result in a change of defcon status as the us prepares for a nuclear attack . 
  there were plans to bring russia into nato . 
  then oil prices went up and with it the `` russian economic miracle '' . 
  if a plane tried to fly * inside * russian territory even for a few seconds i would say that it would be an extremely live test of radar and missiles . 
  this never happens , they probe maritime borders but not land . 
   to the terrorists , this virtue-signalling is utterly irrelevant . 
  they do n't care about anyone 's profile picture . 
  absolutely correct , they do n't care at all how sorry or understanding you are . 
  this writer is an exception , but i feel the guardian has n't had a perfect record in this area . 
  i absolutely agree with both your points . 
  i do think humanities need to be funded , but compared to other disciplines it will probably fall behind . 
  as to these classes , i think its necessary to teach the basics and i 'm pretty sure that is what many places do . 
  the tone of the article is off-putting for me though , the person seems to imply that * all * of these fluff classes are worthless . 
   the british state continues to distribute grants to its universities for science , medicine , engineering , and the like , but it has ceased to hand out any significant resources to the arts . 
  yeah , but how much money do you need to study yeates ? 
  society wants some public good from their investment , and though humanities unquestionably are important , you do n't really get more with larger budgets . 
   one result of this hot pursuit of the student purse is the growth of courses tailored to whatever is currently in fashion among 20-year-olds . 
  in my own discipline of english , that means vampires rather than victorians , sexuality rather than shelley , fanzines rather than foucault , the contemporary world rather than the medieval one . 
  yeah , no need to respond to changing times . 
  could i be wrong ? 
  no , its the students who must be out of touch . 
  i 've seen this kind of geographical split before , and wonder why it is . 
  are the different parts of the country that much different in their left/right alignment , or does it have to do more with cultural feelings of identity ( i.e. 
  the west was historically part of germany pre-wwii ) ? 
  norway has several large publicly traded companies , not public ownership of the means of production . 
  its pretty far from socialistic . 
  to be fair , the us system is heavily weighted towards rail . 
  price per kg shipping is one of the lowest in the world , but passenger rail suffers because of it . 
  the first gulag was opened in 1918 and used by trotsky following kronstadt . 
  the tsar 's used to send prisoners to siberia as well , so it was n't a novel idea . 
  beside the point , british soldiers were the ones being killed , not fellow civilians guilty of believing the wrong thing or owning a large farm . 
  civil wars and revolutions against a foreign power are different than ideological terror campaigns .
