   realist scholars ( for example , see these recent pieces by john mearsheimer and stephen walt ) argue that the current russian-ukrainian conflict was provoked by nato expansion into georgia and ukraine , which were a part of russia 's strategic zones of influence this i do n't understand , nato was n't even remotely associated with the raison d'etre for maidan , it was all about the eu deal . 
  right , except this was n't about the holocaust which did n't really start in earnest until later . 
  it was about the invasion , which was enabled by the soviets and which is n't just a baltic version of events . 
   from the perspective of the soviets , the molotov -- ribbentrop pact was n't created to start a war , but to ensure that hitler does not attack the ussr at a time when everyone was already expecting a war . 
  right , and how did katyn help ensure that germany did n't attack the ussr ? 
  or was that just a special treat for the poles to foreshadow the next 40 years of protecting themselves from germany ? 
  technically incorrect , the mujahadeen existed before ubl left saudi arabia . 
  he brought in his own money and had his own supporters , but he was not the driving force of what happened during that war by a long shot but more of an interloper . 
  parents are from europe and i have visited pretty often . 
  its also a really fascinating time as europe decides to what extent its future integration goes to . 
  right , like it did in 1941 ? 
  what could possibly go wrong if you let a large country acquire territory and start actively disrupting your trade relations ? 
   they 'll let us die for them now and then 10 years from now they 'll have their little army you 're pretty prone to panicking , huh ? 
   no more sacrificial american lambs being all that 's standing between the bear they poked poking a bear by trying to increase trade with a sovereign counterpart ? 
   european bureaucrats acting like spoiled little children now has put americans into the firing line . 
  yes , but they also have supported alliances several times in the past , both sides benefit from the stability and peace that being in nato brings . 
  tucking tail and running home does n't do anything to stabilize the world , it makes it a far more dangerous place . 
  i 'm not usually one for conspiracy theories of paid shills . 
  but the thought of multiple kremlin accounts spending all day desperately trying only other kremlin bots of their bs amuse me . 
  the ecb is also doing qe , and the bank of england has been for a while . 
  slovakia is incredibly beautiful , the mountains are really nice . 
  i remember visiting a town with thermal baths in the mountains that was extremely nice . 
  you 're not extremely high up , so its not like you are surrounded by snow , but it still has a very alpine feel . 
   public opinion polls of the us in its asian allies is often higher than they are in the us itself . 
  yep , even [ vietnam has a 76 % favorable opinion on the us ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/1/ ) , venezuala is at 62 % , and nicaragua 71 % . 
   they had nothing to give the war-torn populations of eastern europe except their anger at their own suffering this does n't explain the mass deportations and ethnic cleansings in places like poland , estonia , lithuania , and latvia . 
  getting involved and calling something a war are n't the same thing . 
  there were numerous countries that condemned japan when they started invading their neighbors . 
   it did n't count when imperial japan did precisely that in manchuria . 
  who said that it did n't ? 
  do you think invading a neighbor and killing thousands of civilians in mass graves is n't starting a war ? 
  what would count if that does n't ? 
  it went deeper than this though . 
  the ussr helped germany get around post-wwi restrictions on weapons research by working on tanks together , they supplied a bulk of german supplies including steel and oil after 1939 , and nazi flags were even flying in parts of moscow before barbarossa . 
  you do have a point , starting an arms race can be extremely destabilizing . 
  but so can unilateral disarmament . 
  its pretty far from an arms race is n't it ? 
  when poland develops slbms then maybe . 
   no it does n't . 
  an attack on a us bridgade would be no different to a estonian brigade - it would evoke the same response . 
  by the treaty , yes . 
  politically ? 
  it would be a lot more difficult to explain to an angry public how little green men accidentally opened fire on a us brigade . 
  you call a brigade with less than 10,000 soldiers a buildup ? 
  the question was private families to that own the media . 
  that is n't true at all from your infographic . 
   this is a list of the top us media companies the only ones i can think of is the washington post . 
  the rest are publicly traded , even news corps . 
   considering ( at least in germany and the us ) most big media companies belong to a few wealthy families which families are those ? 
  [ this is a list of the top us media companies ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/top-18-richest-media-companies-in-america-2011-5?op=1 ) . 
  which are owned by the same family ( or even one family ? ), 
  you do know that the us will redeploy its warheads in response , right ? 
  that enforcing an international agreement is a better option than nuclear escalation . 
  i am amazed how hard this is for some people to understand . 
  no , this is n't some act to stand in solidarity with those oppressed by the west , they want to kill you and impose their own oppression . 
  germany 's turkish population is pretty large is n't it ? 
  have there been these kinds of problems with them integrating ? 
  it does n't seem so . 
  this belongs on / r/youseecomrade, 
  yeah , 4 years and millions of civilian deaths later . 
   now history repeats itself in a strange way . 
   in 1946 the soviet union and the hungarian government formed a joint venture to create a new airline called maszovlet ( magyar -- szovjet polg\u00e1ri l\u00e9giforgalmi r\u00e9szv\u00e9nyt\u00e1rsas\u00e1g ) . 
  huh , that friendship did n't end so well , at least if you look at 10 years later . 
  hazelnuts are expensive , at least where i live . 
  sounds like a lucrative crime . 
  this [ whole article is worth a read ] ( http://breakingdefense.com/2014/06/gen-mike-hostage-on-the-f-35-no-growlers-needed-when-war-starts/1/ ) , it interviews a high ranking air force general about his thoughts during the kind of war you describe . 
  the s-400s would almost certainly be the first target in any encounter , but its almost inconceivable that it would get to that point because of other considerations ( the us and russia really do n't want to go to war ) . 
  in any similar encounter like this though , the f-35 was designed with the requirement that it be able to take out s-300s and s-400s , probably with help of electronic warfare platforms like growlers . 
   [ bear in mind that the f-35 is the first us aircraft designed to the requirement that it be highly effective at neutralizing s-400 systems and their cousins . 
  ] ( http://breakingdefense.com/2014/06/gen-mike-hostage-on-the-f-35-no-growlers-needed-when-war-starts/3/ )  [ `` the f-35 was fundamentally designed to go do that sort of thing \\ [ take out advanced iads \\ ] . 
  ] ( http://breakingdefense.com/2014/06/gen-mike-hostage-on-the-f-35-no-growlers-needed-when-war-starts/3/ ) you would probably see waves of f-35s coming in as spotters , transmitting data to f-35s about the location of s-400s as they make the problem harder by changing frequency , turning on and off , and moving position . 
  it would be a numbers game at that point , and definitely not an easy one . 
   it looks like the most controversial aspect of it ( trinubals allowing companies to sue goverments and thus kill sovereignity ) is pretty much dead . 
  every large country with a trade deal on earth has these already , ttip would change nothing except having it in a larger bloc . 
  northrup is already starting to put together [ a proposal for the 6th generation f/a-xx or f-x program ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/air-space/strike/2015/01/21/northrop-6th-gen-fighter/22089857/ ) and boeing will likely do the same . 
   also one of the reasons the f-35 is over budget and so late is because lockheed basically bribed the marine general to pay full contract price for late deliveries . 
  curious your source on this . 
  the marine program is a small part of the entire thing . 
  its a strange myth too , a common problem germany had was an over-reliance on horse and rail for their logistical tails . 
  this is compared to the us and ussr who were more motorized and could outadvance and outmaneuver the germans . 
  france also gets unfairly criticized imo , germany was only able to advance by crossing the meuse in some very hard fighting , and it almost did n't happen . 
  french artillery was very deadly . 
  over a million people died in the soviet ethnic cleansing following wwii that shifted the borders of poland westward and affected entire groups in the baltics . 
  accept he didnt . 
  also the ship was being fired on by helicopters , they were using a new system not used in war , and they hailed the aircraft 10 times . 
  of course the blame the west at any cost crowd wo n't tell you that . 
  accidental , world 's different than decades of deliberate terrorist attacks on civilians . 
  the us had sold less than 1 % of iraq 's weaponary , 65 % or so came from the ussr and the rest from europe . 
  the chemical weapons the us turned a blind eye to were enable by equipment sold from west german firms . 
  the us has n't forgotten attacks that killed 243 marines ( and dozens of french troops ) during the beirut barracks bombings in 1983 or the capture of american hostages . 
  this is like asking france why they see isis as a boogeyman , except this one had nuclear ambitions . 
  with a minority and they never formed a coalition that gave them a majority government ( as you 'd expect in a parliament and was in the weimar constitution ) . 
  so maybe ? 
  china claims the south china sea but they have n't invaded heavily populated areas to do so . 
  if china were to invade taiwan or even vietnam again , the world reaction would be much different . 
   he was many tens of thousands of of afghans have climbed aboard a truck to get into america ? 
  are you suggesting that the us does n't have low skill immigrants ? 
  all of the research i 've seen suggests that low skill immigration has no or slightly negative effects on wages of the lower class . 
  but this is n't what cebr is talking about , they mention diversity in regards to highly skilled immigration . 
  you 're the one having trouble grasping a simple statement in a policy report .
