  i cringed at the title , then i clicked and cringed again, 
  literally looks as bad as venezuela or zimbabwe, 
  do you not know what `` deforestation '' means ? 
  there has to be a forest to begin with in order to * de * - forest it, 
  is n't that how you see hitler et . 
  that 's just how i happen to see anarchists ( not necessarily marxists , just anarchists ), 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a normal , human response to want to see absolute evil incarnate die slowly , very slowly . 
   simple words for simple minds . 
  that 's pretty fucking racist of you to say about the poles, 
  i do n't know if germany is to be laid the sole blame for the the crisis , but having van rompuy and the eu basically instigate a coup against the democratically-elected government of the ukraine with false promises of immediate eu ascension certainly did n't make things better, 
   our minister of interior has already offered money and our policemen to help italy with returning the migrants back to libya we all know they 're not going back . 
  the route is obviously not deadly enough , they 're still using to invade europe now are n't they ? 
  ... i 'm not sure how , exactly , but yet it ` poses risks ', 
   did he say ` believe me ' a lot ? 
  that is how i like to rate how honest someone is . 
  i thought your lot gauged honesty by teleprompter words, 
  the commander in chief of the united states meets the bain of the united states of europe, 
   toddler and mom you mean you germans must have some pretty abusive mothers if that 's how you refer to her as, 
  it disgusts me that this monarchy even still exists . 
   what does it even mean ? 
  does he think that 500 million of us are just going to become anti-west overnight ? 
  have you not seen the trajectory of european civilisation ? 
  it starts with conchita wurst , it ironically ends with isis, 
  better than all of the money wasted on making that dancing muppet obama feel special, 
  one of the greatest speeches ever given by a us official , mostly because it is ** honest ** -- no preachy bullshit , no purple prose and dishonest grandstanding , just straight talk on the superiority of western civilisation and the threats we face against her ( and if you do n't think western civ is superior , then move to saudi arabia ), 
  antifa scum should all be shipped off to the sands of the middle east with a single bottle of water to share between the lot of them ( on a side note , it 's interesting that the anarchist subreddit is the only one on the entire website that requires a warning against the promotion of paedophilia in its rules -- tells you a lot about these types ), 
  actually , from what i saw on tv , he was met by tens of thousands of cheering poles , both men and women , screaming * ` u-s-a , u-s-a ' * and * ` trump trump trump ' * ( but do n't let that get in the way of your narrative , huffpo ), 
  that 's a beautiful sculpture , nonetheless , much better than many * ` modern art ' * installments, 
  are n't you glad you joined the eu in order to protect your borders and keep your citizens safe ? 
  at least , that 's the primary reason they even try to sell us this dumpster fire of a failed union -- fuck the russian conspiracy , just stop the 3rd world invasion already, 
   well , it 's not hard to tell how that ended now . 
  really well for the sovereignty of iran , overthrowing their us suzerainty ? 
   also , it 's not the antifa that 's demonstrating . 
  that 's not a good thing , it reflects very poorly on your people then, 
   i do n't get it , what will antifa will gain out of this ? 
  merriment , same as any other group of drunken , bored teenagers and unemployed losers, 
  the entire european continent is already the most deforested in the world , a little too late for that i think, 
  why the hell does nobody know about this ? 
  germany 's population has record depression and suicide rates , an insurmountable refugee/immigration problem , and no real sense of national identity to the point where most [ view their own flag with disgust . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/u2hhgy59lgi ) even with russia 's drug and crime problem , i still give them a longer life expectancy than say , germany or sweden, 
  san francisco california , you hateful bigoted west-brit, 
  just the one i 'm familiar with, 
  lol ... jackeen through and through, 
   what actually happened to you ? 
  how did you obtain such racist views what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
   and suchs pro-kremlin sentiments ? 
  because i grew curious to see why all of the west was always dogpiling out on russia , why it seemed like everything about russia was painted in stereotypes and emotion rather than rational logic and reason , and so i eventually drew my own conclusions from there, 
   color me shocked !, 
  well in fairness , most of the world ( and they matter too ) outside of the eu and us ( which have had a bone to pick with russia for generations ) has n't jumped to this same conclusion , so i guess i 'm standing with the side of rational discourse over jingoistic safe-hatreds . 
   of course , russian bs reports that flies in eyes of all evidence is a case for consideration . 
  investigations results are fake too . 
  even separatists admitting on their own tv how `` opolchenci '' shoot down ze evil ukrainian an-26 before they found out ripped bodies of civilians on the group is no smoking gun . 
  even a smoking gun i bet wo n't be a smoking gun . 
  i love how everything you say is extremely anecdotal and subject to possible fakery, 
   the context of that quote is completely meaningless , since last time i checked , the us was still in charge of the bretton-woods banking order , not germany, 
   lol smoking gun get off it mate . 
  russia invaded ukraine and annexed krim . 
  you want russia to admit it ? 
  you want hidden camera footage of russians planning the occupation of ukraine ? 
  or did you just want some attention ? 
  that 's ... that 's what i thought you 'd say . 
  what a meaningless insult from an equally meaningless person . 
  i do n't know , northern ireland 's economy has always been rubbish , i left years ago, 
   of course you do n't . 
  you do n't even speak russian , well that 's a relief , i 've been told by practically everyone here that i was really a troll in moscow i was starting to have my own self doubts  oh , bytheway , its from vkontakte . 
  and its seps admitting to shot down before it became apparent that it was civilian airliner . 
  what is it ? 
  it could be anything , but i 'm not convinced a vk post of questionable origin is a ` smoking gun ' that should and could precipitate an entire war, 
  what about my post history ? 
  you find discussions on accordion tuning and stealing buffet food to be especially heinous or something ? 
  i do n't know what the hell that is , or how a screenshot of a purported facebook post constitutes a smoking gun . 
   i apologise for doing it in an assembly almost exclusively composed of men ... '' why ? 
  it 's not like there are any legal barriers or lack of encouragement for them to run for office , especially in this day and age with the sexism having reversed itself, 
  ca n't seem to provide a smoking gun , so you crack a joke instead . 
  exactly about what i expected . 
  found the european posing as a yank -- i live in america and i 've never heard anyone there say they want to curtail their own freedoms unless its their right to own firearms , and even they are a minority, 
  * whoosh * and over your head it goes, 
  technically i already am from the uk , at least that 's what the dup tells me, 
   you post in some many far-right subs you are probably a russian paid troll . 
  because everyone who is far-right is automatically a ` russian troll ' ; 2 . ), 
  wait a minute , i post in far-right subs ?!? 
  piss off jackeen , everything is too ` far-right ' for your ilk, 
  serious . 
  where the hell is the smoking gun ? 
  go on now . 
  show me . 
   becoming arguably the most powerful nation in europe and at the head of a large union that forms the single largest market in the world you must have been born before japan in the 80s was a thing, 
  fighting words are n't illegal in the united states , only if they carry within them a violent threat or are used to escalate to a violent threat ... hence why they 're called ` fighting words ' . 
  even then , the definition on what this constitutes is very strict , and only pertains to a few select situations ( i.e , encouraging an actual fight ), 
   i 'd like to hear a few suggestions on positive news from russia . 
  all i can think of is porn , gas and siberian tigers . 
  russia is a country of ~ 150mn people , it 's easy to find any sort of news you want out of the nation , seeing how vast and diverse it is, 
   yes , because germany is n't currently the most powerful nation in europe . 
  it 's not . 
  their entire economy is export-driven , they have no real military arsenal , and their influence is only as extensive as people are willing to allow it , since they rely entirely on soft power and trade to get their will carried out . 
  i 'd argue that france is 10x more powerful than germany just for her military strength alone ( france is one of the few countries in europe anymore that can actually muster a decent standing army and launch her own nuclear weapons ) , despite her relative economic troubles . 
   russia is n't acting like a cornered animal amongst giants i was n't aware that it was . 
   despite it 's rampant racism and nationalism . 
  lol , typical swede , sweating the small stuff  do n't confuse millitary power for real power . 
  military power is power , and if push comes to shove , the only kind that truly matters i might add .
