  i do n't think you know the first thing you 're talking about , do n't be silly  they supported the rise of al qaeda in iraq , which then later grew into isis . 
  people like you are why this thread is important -- if we can raise enough awareness , maybe people will learn something new about iran , like the fact they have n't invaded another country in over 300 years, 
   destabilize the middle east  supporting hamas a tiny group of men armed with ak-47s locked in an open-air prison equivalent to the warsaw ghetto did not destabilise the middle east , do n't be silly, 
  politicians , but nothing from national governments , which is an outrage, 
   ran and saudi arabia are two sides of the same coin . 
  this does not belong on this sub . 
  i feel like this is partially why condolences are appropriate in this particular instance ; unlike those attacks in france and london , most people share your point of view , that iranians are unworthy of sympathy because of the daily barrage of propaganda they launch against them ... and yet guess who the eu and us are partnering up with ? 
  maybe , if this makes the front page , people will learn about iran , learn about their culture , their people , their history , and just not treat them like they 're a bunch of terrorists . 
  saudi arabia has [ sponsored isis ] ( http://www.salon.com/2016/10/11/leaked-hillary-clinton-emails-show-u-s-allies-saudi-arabia-and-qatar-supported-isis/ ) , [ started a war of aggression with yemen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saudi_arabian-led_intervention_in_yemen ) and have literally one of the most disgusting records on women 's rights in the entire world . 
  iran has n't even invaded another country in the last 200 years . 
  who does n't like a good melon ? 
  why , i even like them in pairs, 
  it 's nearly impossible to find pro-iranian images on google , so i just posted a picture of their flag instead . 
  there will be no condolences , no candlelight vigils , no lighten-up city halls , no sympathy ... if anything , i honestly would n't be surprised if our governments tried to spin this out to be iran 's fault . 
  i really hate the non-stop propaganda war against [ a peace-loving people . 
  ] ( https://www.ronpaul.com/2015-07-17/ron-paul-iran-hasnt-invaded-another-country-for-more-than-200-years/ ), 
  aye , that 'd be the one, 
  croatian president kolinda grabar-kitarovi\u0107, 
  i 'm irish , my monsters are your heroes , so i tend not to be too judgemental of history or genocidal dictatorships . 
  millions of bengalis and irish were starved off by scotland and england in order to clear the land and practice population control -- yet all they ever talk about is rule brittania , pg wodehouse , and corsets . 
   they made the right call . 
  no , walking on egg shells to avoid causing manufactured outrage is the height of stupidity . 
  people should n't have to discard perfectly good phrases because some people were caught on the wrong side of history, 
  funny how the world ragged on the us and ireland over gay marriage , when people forget that practically half of europe is still very much against it, 
   in an interview in his office thursday with the associated press , [ french cyber security jefe ] guillaume poupard said the macron campaign hack `` was so generic and simple that it could have been practically anyone . '' so far , there 's * `` no trace of russian hacking '' * in the french election ( that 's because i imagine it had gone * ` well ' * according to media standards ) , and , despite us intelligence agency claims ( i.e , the same suits who lied to the world about the nsa dragnet ) , they have refused to provide any evidence to the public or share any intelligence with congress in regards to the supposed hacking of the us election , so i suppose we can say that russophobic witchhunt is zero for two ? 
  of course they are , because they 're the biggest winners out of the deal , because it penalises the rest of the world while they get to continue to pollute with abandon . 
  you realise this deal requires absolutely nothing of china in terms of changing behaviour for the next 30 years , correct ? 
   because they 're not governed by imbeciles though ? 
  if you knew anything about the deal , you 'd know that it was n't in america 's best interest either . 
   1 ) so , in the past . 
  it was n't ancient history ; in fact , it 's in the living memory of most people alive there today , so it still affects how everyone from there sees things , to the point that you have gangs selling drugs to each other 's communities out of spite , and they do n't know why ;  2 ) walking on nob hill totally means that 44 murders per day is nothing and the rest of the world is just talking shit out of spite . 
  if you 're going to say that , why even bother mentioning 44 murders a day , if it may as well be occurring on another planet ? 
  it happens in gang-ridden minority neighbourhoods , it 's not like you face risk of gunshot walking down the average american street, 
  that was fast . 
  business as usual in france !, 
   also , have fun with your 44 murders per day . 
  i 'm from belfast , and can remember a time when the town was still a literal warzone where crossing to ` the other side ' of the street into `` enemy territory '' was taking your own life into your hands ; 2 . 
  ) america has 330,000,000 people , and most crime happens in 3rd world minority communities far away from civilised people -- walking around nob hill san francisco , i am at as much risk at getting shot as i would be traversing around lake albano , italy . 
  the salient point :  misstron mot journalistiken om just invandring sticker ut . 
   though his manifesto is a closely-guarded secret , insiders hint at liberalisations of austria 's schools , labour market and transfer payments . 
  ... because that worked so fucking well in the rest of europe !, 
   why wouldnt i ? 
  its not part of eu but its part of europe do n't ever tell that to / r/europe, 
  i 'm guessing most of those terrorist attacks in corsica are related to organised crime ? 
  * `` b-b-but dae those ` muricans , and their school shootings ... ?!, 
  yeah , it 's a shitty argument , so no thanks , i do n't need to read that bullshit again, 
   obama 's success is n't massive gdp growth and booming wages . 
  you do n't have to tell me or tens of millions of americans that , that 's for sure . 
  yep !, 
  well , i 've been living in the states since 15 but i am delaying a return to ireland until i can afford a house in co antrim, 
  yeah , flying a plane that consumes the energy of a small burgh is far different, 
  you 're a german , you 're making it worse simply by being here, 
  china also makes up economic figures and steals patents , i am not sure what they say on climate change can suddenly be considered gospel, 
  using that logic , the nazis were just teutonic knights trying to reclaim europe for charlemagne !, 
  it just seems to come with the territory is all, 
   luckily , the vast majority of people on the continent , the people who actually matter let this be a reminder why britain left the eu and why ireland voted against eu membership in the first place . 
  you 're a dinosaur , dying of extinction , assuming you are n't torn asunder at the limbs by visigoths and vandals from foreign lands first . 
  what , you mean the people who colonised my homeland and starved us out and made exiles out of 25 % of my nation 's population so they could make room for cattle pasture to fuel their growing thirst for conquest and power ? 
  golly gee , am i ever glad * they * were there to stop the worst from happening !!!, 
  ( methinks you forget that ireland was a neutral country in wwii ), 
  i love ireland , but the part i am from is not under irish jurisdiction so its a sham ; i hate the eu for trying to create a united states of europe . 
  i live in san francisco . 
  i suggest we let the americans out-compete everyone because it is n't exactly like we have a choice ; while we were all talking about what a bozo trump was , this deal is going to make us energy exports extremely competitive again , meaning another win from under the rest of the world 's nose, 
  now are n't you quite the racist bigot, 
   it 's like killing nazis . 
  you do n't kill nazis because you know you 'll win , you kill them because they 're nazis on a random topic , i 'm irish : what did the nazis do to me that should warrant such an attitude ? 
  they did n't starve my people or enslave my land for 800 years ... maybe i should save my hostility for * those * people who did and not the bogeymen of someone else 's nightmares ? 
  it does n't seem like you thought this through, 
  america should have just done the german thing , which is to brag to the world how enlightened you are , all while [ poisoning it with your cheaply made third-rate exports ] ( http://dw.com/en/german-emissions-scandal-threatens-to-engulf-mercedes-bmw/a-18937447 ) maybe then ... 
  i think we can all safely say that germans do n't give a shit about the environment, 
  median income has stagnated ( and actually has fallen for low-wage earners ) deficit has tripled , job growth is all in the low-wage sector , people on benefits is at an all time high , etc. 
  once again , i know europeans loves to talk about obama since * `` he speaks so well !, 
  '' * and * `` he 's not like those ones i see on tv !, 
  '' * , but his legacy is far more hostile to the interest of the world , esp . 
  his own constituents, 
   actual americans yeah , because everyone knows that the irish immigrants are a hidden bastion of trump support , it 's those * real * americans out in the prairies who grow the world 's food or the kentucky steelworkers who clock in 12 hour days to make the ends meet who * really * supported obama !, 
   well americans do n't get that many vacation days i do n't know what the fuck you 're even trying to say here . 
  trying to shoehorn your superior vacation status ? 
  i am confused, 
  obama was genuinely awful . 
  i can tell you were n't in america for the time being because you actually do n't think he 's a pile of dogshit, 
   i 'm done trying to be open minded or compassionate toward dumb people . 
  the world has long felt the same about france 's suicidal multicultural and immigration policies , so i guess i 'll say ... `` takes one to know one ? '', 
   eu  winning team lol ? 
  the nation that `` took me in '' voted for trump according to their proportional system , so i think you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i 'll gamble on my own convictions over the approval of some anonymous hans or sven getting upset about something that is none of his concern . 
  yeah , well it was a crappy deal . 
  it was practically a transfer of wealth from the western world to the 3rd world , and seeing how masochistic and self-loathing some nations ( e.g , germany , sweden ) have become , i am not about to believe that this is n't a plausible theory, 
  according to / r/europe , signing a piece of paper is going to reduce decades of industrialised pollution , despite no leash being put on china, 
  ... but it wo n't , because that 'd actually require * real * effort, 
  as an irishman living in america , trust me when i say the feeling is mutual , and you have no idea how difficult you intrasigent living stereotypes make my assimilation here, 
  i voted for him as soon as i became an american . 
  you 're welcome . 
  ** edit : ** and the rest of the world arrived in private jets that consume the yearly energy of a small town in a single ride ... do n't see anyone complaining . 
  methinks that actions speak far louder than [ virtue-signalling words ] ( https://m.phys.org/news/2014-05-germany-eu-worst-polluter-co2.html ), 
  funny how you are forced to shoehorn in how much you love the eu , because you know just how many people like me despise it !, 
  duh , it 's not like hypocrisy is n't some second language to germans now is it, 
  gee , i guess trump and putin are just doing this to pull the wool over everyone 's eyes again , / s, 
  aldi 's has been in america for decades , and they 're practically the same thing, 
   whys it always about cromwell and shit with yous , ... and then people wonder why i show no forbearance in shitting on the uk .
