   navalny despises jews and thinks hitler did nothing wrong  `` so what . '', 
  why is every canadian on this subreddit so fringe-extremist ? 
  i did n't know illegal secession and subsequent recognition thereof could be accomplished on a whim because one perceives the distant threat of genocide ( i wish someone would let the afrikaners in south africa in on that ... ) !, 
  no wonder russophobes always talk of ` whataboutism ' : because all of their actions reek of the wickedest hypocrisy and it 's the only possible way they can avoid the topic and accounting for their actions . 
  seeing as navalny has consistently [ supported the overthrow of the russian government ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/29/alexei-navalny-on-putins-russia-all-autocratic-regimes-come-to-an-end ) , called [ for civil disobedience and strikes ] ( http://www.sbs.com.au/news/dateline/article/2017/05/09/russian-protests-wont-topple-putin-kremlin-right-be-worried ) and has [ used drones to spy on mainstream politicians ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/09/16/viral-drone-video-exposes-luxury-getaway-of-putin-s-pm-medvedev ) -- things that would be arrestable offences in practically every country in the eu , and in some ( like france ) , the penalties are far more severe and authoritarian . 
  hell , i know common sense wo n't appeal to / r/europe , so let me just appeal to emotion : [ navalny despises jews and thinks hitler did nothing wrong ] ( http://www.salon.com/2017/04/02/dictator-vs-democrat-not-quite-russian-opposition-leader-alexey-navalny-is-no-progressive-hero/ ), 
  `` that 's very nice of you francis , i 'll pin this on the refrigerator * right here * , where everyone can see it ... '', 
  how reuters does clickbait, 
  speaking of kosovo : crimea, 
  an end to western hegemony , because contrary to propaganda , russia has no intention on conquering the world , and nothing in the last 30 years would indicate that they care much about the rest of the world outside their own sphere of influence , whereas the west is always trying to change and reformulate the world to how it sees fit . 
  i live in the united states at the moment , and ironically , most americans strongly agree with me and want no further part in global empire . 
  i 'm irish , where do i fit into this, 
  who is * ` we ' ? 
  i read the article , it 's your country 's dictator behaving like a petulant child about peacekeepers withdrawing from his banana republic, 
   tensions with nato are all time highest in many areas how is that evidence of a sinister russian conspiracy ? 
   let me guess : your reply is that it 's nato 's fault ... and let me guess : your reply would be that it 's russia 's fault , am i correct ? 
  or do you have another answer that is going to totally surprise me ? 
  all of it ? 
  or to start with , how about the parts i highlighted in my initial post , since there is absolutely no evidence that the russian government is trying to topple nations within the eu , let alone ukraine , let alone start world war iii, 
  refugees should n't have access to citizenship at all . 
  europe is not the united states , and if they want that sort of lifestyle , they can come here . 
  it kinda bothers me that there are so many attacks like this , that we have survivors from one musical concert attack speaking to survivors from another musical concert attack ... what is this , a war zone ? 
  it 's viewable in san francisco when i use my vpn proxy, 
   if that was n't enough , the uk gov lead an international assistance operation in libya which resulted in the death of the family 's archenemy , gaddafi . 
  i ca n't help but wonder if that 's where everything began to go wrong , however -- thanks obama/cameron, 
   haha !, 
  you saw the pornhub blog about that , did you not ? 
  i actually did n't , but now i 'm interested . 
  link ? 
  better than the princess that france just elected, 
  `` something something racist something something '', 
  this is probably the first time i 've ever heard of a 3rd world country actually bitching about the possibility of * withdrawal * of another nation 's military from their country ... why , does turkey need the germans there as peacekeepers or something to prevent another coup ? 
  lol, 
  can you imagine how many calls a day the police service must receive however , when you have literally hundreds of thousands of people in the uk who think just like he does and shares the same sort of extremist views ? 
  ~ ~ it 's not like you can arrest and deport them all ~ ~, 
   who was salman abedi ? 
  someone whose family should n't have been in europe in the first place . 
  now now , we 're supposed to ignore our pain and mind our mouths and manner -- britain is suffering , afterall , and everyone knows their suffering hurts more, 
  on a positive note , they 're beginning to make a distinction between the uk and ` europeans ' again, 
   if you are not aware there is a nice little law that comes with being a part of the eu lol@you actually think that they are respecting your privacy and not storing all of your data on remote servers in hawaii , usa . 
  why do you think they offer facebook to eu citizens for free ? 
  wake up man , you * are * the product , and your personal info * is * their payment that they collect from you in exchange for using the platform . 
   giant websites like google let you speak to human support . 
  on a sidenote , no they do n't , they siphon you off to their forums where people who are unaffiliated with google are supposed to do the job of their technicians . 
  no it 's not . 
  just because i can tell your source is obviously shit does n't mean i have to go find a new source that concurs with your narrative  whataboutism 2.0 i noticed you added a 2.0 to the end , jaysus you boys at the gchq do n't ever stop developing new terminology for all the bullshit you keep inventing just to obfuscate the narrative, 
  silly german submissiveness does have its upsides !, 
  so anyone who does n't blatantly accept your shitty , poorly-translated propaganda at face value and without question is obviously automatically a `` russian troll or ally . '', 
  ironically , do n't such accusations harken you an nsa troll ? 
   whataboutism or as it is more commonly known on the street , * `` pointing out incredible double-standards and outrageous hypocrisy '' * . 
  sorry , but whataboutism accusations are obvious to anyone with half a brain what exactly it is they 're trying to distract you from . 
  take a hike , j edgar . 
  er , that 's not how it is supposed to work ... 
  aside from the fringe conspiracy theorist bias ? 
  there is nothing to authenticate the veracity of the evidence presented . 
   updated . 
  i have did some quick search of / u/amanyoucantrust profile and found him very pro-russian 1 . ), 
  knowing that there is no evidence that russia is some 3rd world dictatorship that threatens to topple the world does n't make someone ` very pro-russian ' . 
  this ` research ' comes off as really fucking creepy and makes you look like you do this sort of trolling professionally for a living , j/s, 
  i do n't think people care if they care if they 're tied to isis or not , since if they 're wahhabi muslims , that may as well be a foregone conclusion, 
  no , i am talking about the horrific english and poor grammar throughout the piece if you 've read it, 
  you have less to say about europe than someone who is actually european , that is correct , 3rd national, 
  they 're not the kind of muslims you 're thinking of , the upsurge in wahhabism in dagestan and chechnya has more or less been extirpated and they 're back to practicing their centuries-old version of islam . 
  with that said , it 's also because housing prices are lower and the weather is warmer , so people are moving there and having families there . 
   time.com i am sure they care about the happenings of the russian clergy because american publication time magazine has suddenly decided they are concerned with religious affairs in the world , and what a better place to start than eastern europe , of course !, 
  well , i for one look forward to hearing their coming exposes on corruption and money laundering in hindu temples and widespread rape/spread of hiv in the orthodox jewish community next !, 
  cat got your tongue . 
  well in fairness , every comparable instance of calamity in irish history was at the behest of your fair country , so pardon me for being a bit miffed, 
  unlike with your claim , the evidence is freely available in the court proceedings . 
  i am 100 % certain if you look uo the court dockets for the district court of ny , you 'll find what you are looking for . 
  can you say the same and point me to where i can find primary documents on your flimsy story ? 
   jestem polakiem , nie ukraincem i knew you were from * some * people that russia left ass-blasted , scratch a russophobic bigot and you always find someone with an old country axe to grind ( though you probably know more about jamaicans in toronto than anything authentically related to polish culture ) . 
  totally upvote-worthy material here :  `` war is a natural choice for the modern russia . 
  vladimir putin comes from the kgb and represents the siloviki clan ''  `` at the end of the day , kremlin 's power vertical is able to create separate shadow empires for the key players domestically , while at the same time acting unitedly on foreign fronts . '', 
   `` russians actively use transnistria for secret military operations against ukraine . 
  as an example , a fact of transporting explosives by russian special services from the territory of occupied transnistria did take place . '', 
  thoroughly sourced and totally balanced and unbiased analysis , complete with impeccable grammar , 11/10 , totally not conspiratard warmongering material, 
   where is your evidence ? 
  are -- are you asking me for evidence that there is no evidence ? 
  your mental process has truly broken down . 
  i think you need some warm milk and a nap . 
   but you 're not fucking irish , mr / r/sanfrancisco til that no one from europe lives in san francisco . 
  but your sensitive reaction makes me think my guessing was right on the money , you angry little ukie lol, 
  are you comparing recorded court proceedings and documented police evidence to shadowy allegations of russian interference that are always prevaricated around whenever a `` yes/no '' question is forced on them if they have evidence ? 
  where is the evidence of russian meddling ? 
  if you 're going to make a claim , prove it . 
   you just believe your source well there is a very real pricetag of 30m usd , so obviously we have evidence of ukranian criminal hackers stealing from the west, 
   how in the name of god do you want me to have evidence . 
  well , you 're the one who keeps bleating that he has evidence of russian malfeasance , not me . 
  i need to see evidence before i believe an outrageous and unbelievable claim , and you provided none . 
  it is that simple . 
   this is an international espionage affair of high-level hacking . 
  asking evidence for evidence is just setting up an impossible goal then why announce to the world you have evidence , if no one is allowed to see it ? 
  anyone making such an extraordinary and deadly claim better be prepared to submit evidence , or shut the fuck up forever . 
  otherwise , it just sounds like the usual suspects are trying to get us into another iraq . 
   yours is the kind of reasoning which permits people to think the earth is still flat and evolution does n't happen . 
  you 're the one who holds utmost ( almost religious ) faith in the veracity of statements made to the public by institutions that have lied to us before , and you accuse * me * of being a flat-earther ? 
  lol, 
  probably was n't a good idea for fn to basically disband so fast , they could have won enough seats to play kingmaker and shoehorn in their policies . 
  oh well , i wait with disinterested breath .
