i would assume it 's to lure out more people ( to shoot ) and possibly cause more armed violence , thus `` justifying '' the violence coming from the police 's side . 
  but there could be many reasons . 
  that 's someone taking care of the opposite side . 
  the last thing they 'd want is someone treating their enemies . 
   dunno who would want them though , maybe some kind of stan or belarus if russia would ask really nicely at this point , that 's probably his only option . 
  well ... fuck . 
  that sucks . 
  it makes me angry when forests and parks are destroyed to build more things that are probably not necessary . 
  ahhh , i see . 
  that brings it into a little more perspective . 
  thanks for that !, 
  i suppose . 
  still pretty crazy . 
  i mean the government would obviously find out at * some * point . 
  pretty ballsy move on the part of the people who built there . 
  i ca n't read the article the op posted , so can someone tell me how the hell this happened ? 
  how does one just drop a bunch of houses and a hotel in a park and nobody bats an eye until they 're basically done ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  very interesting , thank you for sharing !, 
  i see a lot of similarities , but enough differences to make it completely different from how it 's generally celebrated here . 
  i laughed a lot at the `` eat too much '' bit . 
  we also have christmas carolers , but it 's very uncommon anymore . 
  if people want to see carolers you basically have to go to a church , community celebration , or something similar . 
  i know in some places they do it in elderly communities , but you do n't hear of it much otherwise . 
  sweets make the world go ` round . 
  oh no , i 'm not saying it 's a * bad * thing , i 'm just saying that there is n't much more for me to learn about it . 
  i enjoy learning about other cultures and was inspired by the `` who brings gifts to europe ? '', 
  post , and wanted to know more about celebrations in europe . 
  i do n't think they did , so that 's certainly a good tip . 
  will totally keep it in mind for when i make them . 
  kinda makes me wish i was still in college . 
  i had a teacher whose husband was greek so they were constantly in greece/cyprus over the summer . 
  she brought us spoon sweets to class and damn were they good . 
  coincidentally , i read about the yule goat earlier today . 
  i thought it was pretty cool , and quite funny that people burn it down every year . 
  it 's a wcgw ? 
  moment for sure . 
  as for from all of us to all of you , kinda cool that it 's still being watched there seeing as it 's so old , not on dvd , and i do n't think i 've ever even seen it . 
  cool stuff , thanks for sharing !, 
  oh trust me , i 'm going to try them , it 's just a matter of time . 
  interesting . 
  the 12 dishes bit sounds really cool , especially how you set extra plates for an unexpected guest ( or the dead ) . 
  i also find it interesting that you eat op\u0142atek . 
  here in the us i 've only seen it as the host during communion at church , but i 've never heard of anyone having it outside of that . 
  also that wiki article is pretty great , a lot more informative than i expected !, 
  thanks for sharing as well !, 
  so i had no idea what melomakarona was , so i decided to google it . 
  those ... sound like heaven . 
  i may have to buy the ingredients next time i go grocery shopping . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  she totally was . 
  it would make a beautiful addition to the liquor cabinet i want . 
  i lol 'd so hard at your whole post . 
  from the sounds of it , you 're his good twin . 
  especially if you bleed vodka . 
  you 'd be handy for stocking a bar !, 
  i feel like you 're my ex in the body if an ( assumed ) russian . 
  he was born in the mid-80 's and listened to the exact kind of music you just linked me . 
  i lol 'd at that comic , but i 'm going to have to disagree with the speed metal in most cases . 
  i 'm more of a 90 's grunge fan , being born in 1991 and all . 
  clothes from the 80 's are quite comical though . 
  forgot to mention her 80 's hair . 
  she had a huge curly fro thing going on . 
  pretty sure her hair was n't naturally like that either . 
  i read your comment before watching the video and it 's so true . 
  i 'd say you 're pretty spot on with that association there . 
  a lot of my friends also think the same thing . 
  they all think germans sound like literally hitler . 
  the issue is , most of them have n't heard german outside of the context of war movies involving nazi 's . 
  no thanks !, 
  pretty sure russian still is n't okay with gay marriage , would n't go over well for me . 
  on that note , i had a similar college professor here in the us !, 
  she was from new york , with a very thick accent . 
  her voice was high pitch to boot . 
  she wore clothes from the 80 's ( weird colored suits with huge padded shoulders , etc. ), 
  and always had chalk all over herself . 
  her letters on the board were at least 5x 's the size of a normal person 's . 
  it was awful . 
  oh gosh hear german is like an orgasm for my ears . 
  unless it 's bayrisch , then it 's like ... ehhhh . 
  i love the language in more ways than i can explain . 
  i wish i could have started to learn it earlier in life . 
  did n't have the resources to do so . 
  most men speaking russian sound very harsh to me . 
  women , on the other hand ... * swoon * . 
  ahhhh i see . 
  well that i ca n't help you with . 
  * german ( which i do know pretty okay ) : sounds very beautiful , very strong but precise language . 
  before i knew any it sounded intimidating . 
  * dutch : sounds mostly like drunk german . 
  * swedish : sounds very sing-songy as well . 
  * russian : like the way i described german , but a bit harsher . 
  very intimidating sounding . 
  * polish : very much like russian , but confuses me a whole lot more . 
  * spanish : normally sounds very pleasant . 
  * french : unless angry , it sounds very much like everyone talking is in love with each other . 
  * czech : oh god i do n't even know what 's happening . 
  am i about to be filmed for some porno ? 
  just imagine how you feel when listening to someone else speak another language . 
  you hear words .
