there 's no point listening to him . 
  every single speech he have makes no sense . 
  it has been that way for years . 
  i agree as well . 
  edit : killing someone should n't be allowed under any circumstances ( except for self defence ) . 
  it would be like giving the death sentence without a trial . 
  death sentence is abolished , and who are you to judge someone on your own ? 
  i guess you tried to learn it :-) i agree it 's too complicated to be imposed . 
  however i find english bad on the verbal aspect ( accent/pronunciation/understanding ) . 
  i would stick to `` english + mother tongue '' . 
  i would just add `` whatever else you want '' and encourage it ( available and cheap ) . 
  even if you can almost always get away with english , i found out that it 's a huge advantage to speak the country 's language when you travel and do business . 
  that should be a good reason to learn for a lot of people . 
  well , just look at / r/europe ... english is definitely the current standard everywhere . 
  i think everybody would agree that we should all learn a common language ( and encourage to learn more of them ) . 
  given the current situation , i think it is ( and will be ) english . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the best for efficiency or fairness ( far from that ) , but i do n't really see how anyone can change that . 
  esperanto for instance would be perfect ( i do n't speak it , but i 've taken a look , and it 's the easiest language i ever seen ) , but honestly i do n't think it 's on a good way for it . 
  when you talk about it , most people laugh and tell you it 's dead and worthless . 
  edit : for the fairness , i refer for instance to the `` grin report '' which evaluate the economies made by the uk with the adoption of english in europe at 17 billions of euros per year . 
   because those who speak english as a first language seem to struggle to speak any other language . 
  that 's not really a good reason , and it 's only because they do n't bother with learning languages . 
  they can be as good as anyone else . 
  i agree on english though , but only because it 's already on this way . 
  edit : also , we 're not pissed at it . 
  there 's no fair reason to choose a language over another . 
  i think that whatever language we `` choose '' , it wo n't be totally fair ( except esperanto , but it 's a bit unrealistic ) . 
  i agree that it will be difficult to actually unite the people , but it 's a matter of time . 
  concerning the politics i do n't think it would be too difficult to imagine a system where we share enough but keep our identity ( federation , confederation , whatever else ) . 
  yes , as long as we keep a deep integration we wo n't have an armed conflict in europe . 
  i do n't see it as a problem of influence . 
  for me , the goal of a nation or union should n't be to be the most influential or rule the world , but to strive for the well-being of its inhabitant ( and even foreigners if possible ) . 
  it would allows to save money first ( for instance by sharing military ) . 
  some politics would be more efficient if applied on a eu level as well . 
  but for me it 's more an ideal , maybe philosophical point of view . 
  i find it more exciting and beautiful to make a union and ensure a fair politic and level of living in the whole continent than to close ourselves in our country ( that 's chauvinistic and selfish ) . 
  that 's true , but the parliament did vote on it . 
  merkel and sarkozy are just more in the media . 
  it 's not really worth it if it 's only in french ( there 's / r/france for it ) . 
  maybe someone can do a small summary ( i do n't have the time now ) ? 
  basically it explains the same thing as many other articles since a few weeks : it 's because of the capitalism , greeks are not lazy , they do n't retire too early , they did n't have a weak economy , the saving plan is n't for the greeks , the new plan will fail , all europe should fight . 
  after reading the article i 'm a little less scandalized than with only the title . 
  his point is n't about what the nazis did , but about the debt forgiveness ( we 're talking money , not war ) that germany apparently benefited ( and that i was unaware of ) . 
   germans seem to have conveniently forgotten , that not too long ago germany had its very own debt problems and got back onto its feet after world war ii largely due to very generous debt forgiveness . 
  i 'm not very informed on the subject , so do n't argue with me , but i just invite you to read the whole article before being outraged :-), 
  yep , i do n't see the problem . 
  you can still measure your audience ( just make your server count how many times it sends the page ) ( so no problem with ads ) , you will just have less information about them . 
  that would be a problem for free competition . 
  you ca n't charge companies depending on their country of origin . 
  forcing it on europeans airlines and not foreigners would be completely unfair . 
  i do n't think the us even think this could pass . 
  they want europe to abandon completely this idea . 
  yep , if you can push it in there , it should be ok . 
  i 've seen a guy spending 10 minutes to fit it in , but it passed . 
  if it 's too heavy , just wear some of the stuff when you pass the control . 
  i 've done it with 2 tee-shirts , 2 jerseys and 2 jackets , and books in all the pockets . 
  in lyon ( france ) , you can try [ le sirius ] ( http://www.lesirius.com/ ) , le [ to\u00ef to\u00ef ] ( http://www.toitoilezinc.fr/ ) , le [ ninkasi ] ( http://www.ninkasi.fr/ ) maybe . 
  there are a lot more , but i do n't really know them ( even these ones , i have n't been much ) . 
  well , their point is that we should be able to look into the debt ( `` what it was used for and when '' ) . 
  they say that right now we do n't have this information . 
  maybe someone can do something more accurate , especially since the subtitles are n't that good . 
  it says that the crisis in greece has been caused by the euro zone . 
  the adoption of the euro have increased competitiveness for strong economies ( in particular germany ) and decreased the smaller ones . 
  it says that the euro actually advantaged german economy against greece 's one ( and others ) . 
  a guy says that it 's like putting mohammed ali in the same ring as an average guy . 
  that 's quite contrary to what you can hear from germany saying that greeks are lazy and keep germany down . 
  it says that germany basically got it 's good health by destroying smaller countries in the eu . 
  they also say that the eu and the imf pushed greece into neo-liberalism like the us did with argentina , which decreased even more the wealth of the state . 
  they say that the measures taken by the ue , imf and ecb ca n't work , and destroys the greek economy and level of living . 
  they say they 're made to save the banks , not the people . 
  they transferred the debts of the banks on the public treasure . 
  the centre of athens have similarities with third-world countries now . 
  in the countries supported by the imf , there is a decrease in life expectancy . 
  also , the government uses violence to pass the reforms . 
  it explains the concept of odious debt , which is when a new regime comes and is cleaned from the debt that the previous regime had ( because it did n't benefit the people ) . 
  that 's what the usa did with irak ( but they did n't use the term to avoid other countries to use that ) . 
  it then shows how ecuador proved his debt illegitimate and refused to pay it . 
  they show that it turned good for the country . 
  they say that a part of greece 's debt is illegitimate as well . 
  for instance a guy say that big companies like siemens bribed officials for a decade to get contracts . 
  goldman sachs used old exchange rates between yen and euro to make millions . 
  after that , goldman sachs was assigned to manage the greek debt . 
  they say that help from other countries comes with the obligation to continue to buy weapons ( they quote germany and france ) . 
  they ask for a audit committee to review publicly the debt and they claim that a big part of it is illegitimate and should n't be paid by the people . 
  they say that such an audit must be asked and done by the people because the politicians and parties have benefited from the debt . 
  they say that greece have to default on this debt because there 's no way it can refund it , and they also say that it would be immoral . 
  they finish by saying that they should free themselves from the imf and the ue ( i found this quite vague , do they mean quit the ue ? ) . 
  sorry if it 's not that short , i made it while watching it . 
  * tl ; dr : * greece 's debt has been caused because germany stole its competitiveness . 
  the international institutions push for neo-liberalism which is bad for greeks . 
  a big part of greece 's debt is illegitimate ( bribes and flawed contracts from bigger economies ) and a committee should review it to declare that greek people do n't have to pay it . 
  before you comment , keep in mind that it 's not my opinion but what i got from this video . 
  why is this written as if atheism was bad ? 
   the christian science monitor ah , ok, 
  ok , i thought it would be to change all the prices of all the products . 
  that 's nice , but the shops would n't do it . 
  such a measure would be an excuse to round everything up , and you ca n't really check it afterwards . 
  i think it might increase the prices a little bit for a bit of time , but would dissipate quite rapidly . 
  it was the same when we changed currency , all the prices were rounded up and people complained for months ( you know , we like complaining ) . 
  it has been shown that this effect has been attenuated very rapidly after adoption of the euro , but you still find some people who think that prices are highest because they 're in euros instead of francs ...
