  really . 
  my gps was ringing all the time . 
  also , italy does it on the full length of the motorways . 
  that 's what everybody says , but i guess most people will just be too scared to be caught with it . 
  i heard you would get 8 points ( out of 12 on your license ) and a big fine . 
  in the french news , everybody says that they 're waiting for more information , some kind of proof , a trial , whatever . 
  nobody can believe that really happened as described . 
  if it 's some kind of trap , that would be really disgusting because he 's risking to be unable to run for the next presidential election , and he was the one that had the maximum chances of beating sarkozy 's right wing party . 
  the socialist party 's primary elections ( to internally elect their candidate for 2012 ) are in july to october . 
  it 's better to take control of institutions instead of just mumbling alone without taking any responsability . 
  and strauss-kahn have an image of right-leaning left-wing politician in france , especially on foreign politics . 
  we say he 's from `` drauche '' , literally `` reft '' ( right/left ) . 
  having a good highway system is n't incompatible with an extensive rail system . 
  in france , the rail system has been developed by the state , and is pretty good ( although we complain a lot about the rail company , sncf , because we love to complain ) . 
  the highways have always been paid by private companies ( so of course they 're not cheap to use ) and are pretty good quality . 
  this have always [ been a debate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autoroutes_of_france#administration ) because some people says that the state should own them , but at least it allowed to afford it, 
  that 's true , but do n't think that it 's the case everywhere in europe . 
  if you live and work in a big city , you can use public transportation , but outside of it you really need a car . 
  but i agree that it 's still better than the us . 
  i 'd like to hear the point of view of some pro-socrates portugueses . 
  i can imagine this kind of video against any french politician done by another party . 
  easy to do and not really objective . 
  just one thing : why is it aimed at finland ? 
  should n't they be concerned by the decisions of the whole eu ? 
  except french . 
  that 's what a greek official said : they do n't like this kind of rumors as it makes their situation more difficult ( by decreasing the trust in the country ) . 
  yes , but i live in the uk now , and the border control annoy me at the airport every time . 
  come on , you have to wait ... more seriously , this is the point of schengen . 
  before it , it was easy to cross the border as well , but i still believe it was a great step forward . 
  you should be doing [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxvdu2evysg ) . 
  what bothers me the most is that they can assassinate someone without a trial , and do so in a foreign country without even notifying the officials ( they 're not even at war in this country ) . 
  i do n't get why pakistan government does n't complain . 
  i do n't really know what to think of that . 
  it does n't really sound good . 
  these women were arrested for not having declared their protest , not because they wore a burqa . 
  and they were freed a few hours later without any charge . 
  of course it is . 
  there is no reason to act in the heat of the moment like this . 
  the first thing to do would be to continue to exploit plant as usual until we can analyse what happened clearly without letting emotion in the way . 
  you ca n't rely on wind and solar only . 
  you 'll never produce enough . 
  an example : germany is supposed to be a leader in these domains , they have a lot of wind and solar power , and it represent only [ 1.5 % of their consumption ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_in_germany#consumption ) . 
  denmark has the most wind power per person , and they still produce [ 70 % of their electricity with fossil fuels ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electricity_sector_in_denmark#electricity_pro_person_and_by_power_source ) . 
  [ hmm , no , not here . 
  i ( and a flemish friend ) confirm ( a ) . 
  and that 's the case for all european students ... 
  yes , i live in the uk now . 
  and what was difficult for me was the night at 4pm . 
  it guess it depends on your habits . 
  it 's a normal british reaction . 
  your body is allergic to every normalization with the rest of europe . 
  it does n't need to change . 
  but it would give 1 hour more of sunshine in the afternoon . 
  come on ... all the french with an equivalent of a bachelor speaks enough english . 
  of course , the accent is [ outrageous ] ( http://i23.photobucket.com/albums/b367/4runninfun/frenchtaunt.gif ) , but the language is usually not that bad . 
  i 'm french and live in the uk , and i agree that would be more logical but less practical . 
  this winter i was really impressed by the hour the sun sets . 
  at 15h30 you already have no lights ... quite depressing . 
  but what if you look from a british perspective ? 
  you want to go to war , but you ca n't . 
  that would n't be acceptable as well . 
  in this particular case , i agree , i think it was a mistake . 
  but in general a country should be able to use their army . 
  edit : when i said british , i meant british government . 
  but you got me . 
  what would be correct then ? 
  ( i even saw the explanation video some time ago but ... :-), 
   note : the uk is more than just england  i did n't pay attention , sorry . 
  i should use `` british '' i guess . 
  ( corrected ), 
  my belgian friend says that the worst is that some people are actually wondering why they need a government , because the situation is still fine ( he mean that nothing is falling apart , people are fine ) . 
  i do n't know precisely about this treaty , maybe some interrested people can find flaws , but i like the idea of sharing military capability . 
  it will help reduce the cost of military . 
  since european countries wo n't go to war against each other , the only problem is when one country wants to go and not the other ( like iraq ) . 
  that 's why i think we should try to share military costs but still keep independence on the actual interventions . 
  maybe in the long term , that would be possible , but we still disagree too much on some important decisions . 
  so you can share support , formation , some equipment , but not the actual fighting personnel . 
  i would n't find acceptable to have french soldiers in iraq because a treaty force them to follow the british . 
  this is not the first share of resources btw , i know that belgian pilots train in france . 
  ok , i agree on this ( as long as she 's really guilty ) . 
  but if she is declared guilty in france , she would not ( normally ) go free . 
  it would n't be 60 years but she would make some prison . 
  you seem much more informed about mexico than me :-) i agree about the problem of separation of power , and if the same thing happened with france i do n't think we would free the victim . 
  the issue is that the french want her to get a fair trial . 
  most persons are not concious of these democracy problems in mexico and this is n't really their business . 
  but this women should n't have to be sacrificed to arrange a democracy she 's not from . 
  that 's not what her defence says . 
  her version is that she did n't know about all this . 
  i do n't know if it 's true or not , but the mexican justice has lost its credibility as well . 
  it has been revealed that at the beginning they 've used false witnesses . 
  no , me neither . 
  the problem is more that the french do n't trust mexican justice , and she still says she 's innocent , so the government would want a trial the french can trust . 
   it 's possible , even results in a temporary reduction of accidents . 
  ok , it 's possible but very complicated and expensive . 
  and the reduction of accidents was due to the fact that vehicle were already left-hand drive . 
  anyway , i do n't think the uk will ever consider that . 
  they do n't have borders ( except with ireland , which drives on the left side ) , they have right-hand drive cars . 
  and they are very keen on keeping the maximum of differences with other european countries . 
  it seems not to be the only reason , but national pride is definitely the reason for the uk . 
  a british once explained me that whatever happens , he will never accept that the uk bills does n't display the queen .
