  eu is almost their fourth reich . 
  what ?!, 
  we still need to deal with the damn americans , indians and chinese, 
  if you do n't see the positives with leaving you must be a complete nuthead . 
  then you would get the best of both worlds . 
  not fair . 
  when was the last time hearing an american being nationalistic about florida or north dakota ? 
  lmao, 
  that 's just the fourth reich calling you . 
  do n't let them trick you . 
  leaving eu does not mean leaving europe . 
  to vote to stay in an anti-democratic organisation just because you want to bea able to travel faster is rather childish . 
  nobody said denmark was racist lol but they are danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  why did he feel the need to shoot somebody just before the election . 
  it always works against you . 
  he said nothing about islamic terrorism . . 
  gustav vasa was probably what you call ` racist or xenophobic ' . 
  we should honor his memory by being proud of what our ancestors built . 
  we should not destroy what they created in 500 years in 20 years just because we want to feel good about ourselves . 
  if austria has ca 10 % ( ? ), 
  non-european immigrants and the score is 50.3 vs 49.7 . 
  if you assume that 80 % of non european immigrants vote for vdb that would mean hofer would have won if only europeans voted . 
  that 's crazy . 
  what 's the margin of error ? 
  a bit weird if vdb is president and fp\u00d6 has most seats in parlament 2018 , is n't it ? 
  100 % traitor, 
  let 's cry for europe, 
  okay, 
  sometimes it 's easier to you use common sense . 
  do you really need a study that says that immigrants want more welfare and more immigration ? 
  do you have elections every 2 years ? 
  every media in my sweden has gone out with headlines . 
  not sure if they are just being retarded , as usual and taking out the `` victory '' too soon though . 
  it 's obvious, 
  austria is fucked now . 
  yet another european culture will fall . 
  against gay marriage is not homophobic . 
  marriage is a religious act . 
  homosexuality is not an acceptable marriage according christianity . 
  you 're using words that has lost meaning by being overused . 
  please explain . 
  if they really were `` homophobes '' it would take one second to explain but they obviously are n't . 
  i do n't think those `` homophobes '' would want to stone homosexuals to death . 
  what 's your definition of a homophobe ? 
  thinking kids should n't get spammed with a bunch of pro-gay media ? 
  the homophobes are comming right through the border as we speak . 
  vote fp\u00d6 or austria will never be the same . 
  if no country makes the move then we will have a less cultural diverse europe . 
  in 50 years we will be the same hot steaming pile of shit if we do n't act now . 
  . . for the better , you mean ? 
  in 50 years if we keep doing what we are going to lose everything the western civilization has built up . 
  so you are upset that you are losing money because of the eu . . what makes you want to stay in it then ? 
  and you do n't ` pay ' more than the west http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12176663/eu-facts-how-much-does-britain-pay-to-the-eu-budget.html, 
  lol heard about poe 's law ? 
  trade agreements should n't control countries ' entire economies and making members ' unable to make their own laws . 
  if the laws was only about products ' quality , sure but currently eu tries to control immigration laws and much more . 
  they are the ones paying . 
  romania and eastern europe in general are getting the money . 
  great , more poor countries that needs eu money . . 
  funny how it 's only citizens from countries who recieve money from the eu that wants them to stay . 
  great !, 
  the eu needs to end . 
  it 's undemocratic and takes away the sovereignty of each country . 
  a union is not mandatory for good trading . 
  the eu needs to make a big reform or it needs to end . 
  japanese people do n't get enough food ? 
  western africans eat a lot of food ? 
  how can montenegrians be 9 cm taller than albanians on average ? 
  they 're neighbours and mostly the same ethnic group , no ? 
  australia , you 're not austria !, 
  get out of here !, 
  as a swede she 's easier to understand than a regular dane . 
  do you want another holocaust ? 
  cause that 's how you 'll get one ... : /, 
  betrayal ? 
  the only betrayal is form people who support the union . 
  `` let 's replace old nations and cultures with the fourth reich '' . 
  eu-supporters are un-democratic and un-european quite frankly . 
  the wrong way . 
  what the actual fuck does scandinavians have in common with balkans except having the same shade of colour on our skin ? 
  europe is not one culture and should not be one nation . 
  the only unions possible are a germanic / slavic / roman union . 
  but all of europe wo n't unite peacefully . 
  some of them . 
  many are criminals . 
  i 'd be happier if they worked in the balkans . 
  haha !, 
  yeah , the politicians stopped saying that after last year . 
  i do n't think you understand , german . 
  this is embarrassing for both our countries . 
  and especially for you since you 're the ones who allow the migrants to pass through to sweden . 
  if you believe people without any documentation are real refugees you 're just a sheep . 
  you do n't just lose your documents like that . 
  the real solution is to give money to refugee camps and not waiste them in europe, 
  the goal is ? 
  lmao !, 
  since when are politicians trying to help people ? 
  they will not be sent home when it 's safe . 
  the plan has been to keep them the entire time . 
  we still have balkan immigrants from the 90s .
