yeah , just found out ` bela ' means white and ` rus ' is russian . 
  yeah , in sweden belarus is literally called white russia . 
  stockholm has a lot of dialects . 
  are you perhaps dealing with people from the richer parts of stockholm ? 
  if so i agree with you but the general stockholm area does n't really have a distinct dialect because people from all over sweden has moved there . 
  in sweden the poles are often here doing cheap labour , usally black . 
  there have also been a lot of cases when expensive cars have been stolen and then tracked to poland . 
  they are known for driving dangerously shitty cars and swedish truck drivers are upset because they get the most jobs because they 're cheaper . 
  so the stereotype in sweden is that poland is basically the 3rd world country of europe . 
  it 's going to be fun to see how 1500 men and 300 women with muslims and christians in the same are getting along in one boat . 
  my bet is that the boat is completely destroyed in a month maximum . 
  denmark , norway and finland of course !, 
  historical rival , denmark . 
  hate object since [ 1809 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_war ) , russia . 
  modern enemy , swedish government . 
  55k in 2013 , 80k in 2014 , 160k in 2015 and 140k expected in 2016 all together that 's 425k in three years . 
  so just a little less than 5 % of our population would be assylum seekers . 
  there is 3200km between stockholm and damaskus . 
  our teen girl/boy ratio is , according to hans rosling soon equals to the ration in china becasue of the amount of `` young '' boys comming here . 
  it might not be many if you compare it to the world population but for a small country like sweden that amount of people have the power to change the entire country forever . 
  it 's hard to get to school with public transport when trucks are blocking the road because they do n't have winter tires . 
  some people trying to get home from work had to sleep in their cars in the middle of the road . 
  probably . 
  the male-female ratio for teenagers are now equal to what china has ( had ? ), 
  when most parents chose to only have a boy . 
  this is because of all the migrants saying they 're under 18 . 
  luckily they will most likely be sent back when they turn 18 . 
  we have the migrants ... 
  the extremists are in the government . 
  look at molenbeek , whoever caused that in europe must be an extremist . 
  group rapes, 
  germany , can you please go fuck yourself . 
  how to not get harrassed at festivals : have some white friends protecting you . 
  sadly media has brainwashed girls into thinking swedish males are the real problem and immigrants have nothing to with it even though all evidence points to immigrants . 
  yeah , a welder walking through the central fully geard would be pretty concerning . 
  my post of a video were 10,000 muslims were celebrating in britain was removed . 
  it looked pretty terrifying but it was totally legit . 
  people who hide their face are usually about to do something they should n't do . 
  no meant yes before ? 
  that 's alot . 
  the wars has n't really stopped and the refugees are still comming . . 
  1,000,000 + to germany . 
  yes , that 's massive . 
  you 're very naive if you think we never change the law . 
  the government change the law all the time but only if the parlament is with on it . 
  forcing us to take in refugees while saudi arabia do n't have to is an unjust law by all means . 
  if the law works against us then it 's time to change the law . 
  this were eu makes it hard . 
  we ca n't make our own laws without unelected bureaucrats in brussel ruining it . 
  `` lacking credible source '' lmao !, 
  wtf is this ? 
  it 's a damn video of an event . 
  sending them straight back , i hope . 
  if not , then it 's time to shut the border to italy . 
  they ca n't save massive amounts of people just to send them up north . 
  you save them , you take the consequenses . 
  take a guess . . 
  these is a consequence from the massive amount of migrants . 
  it 's not germans that get more children . 
  this is bad news . 
  they are more or less attacking a politician who is not even responsible for the outcome . 
  if they are mad because of the result they must think that democracy is the wrong way to go . 
  the british people did this . 
  democracy is not being threatned but it says something about those people . 
  of course they do . 
  but they voted for less sovereignty back then and because of that they did n't get their will through . 
  now they want to vote again to get less sovereignty again . 
  the irony here is amazing . 
  barbarians !, 
  fuck democracy , am i right ? 
  south europe = / = all europe . . 
  i thought the scots already voted to stay in the uk . 
  how many referendoms to they need ? 
  haha !, 
  honestly fuck scotland . 
  the europeans want out , we have finally taken the first step and now they are going to join the thing so many want to end ? 
  you already voted once , to stay in the uk , blame yourself for that . 
  i swear , scotland will become the new marxist arabic stronghold . 
  only 6 % of the world has blue eyes . 
  we 're the exotic ones tbh, 
  concede defeat after a poll ? 
  lmao wtf is this ? 
  damn scots remaining in everything . 
  you had the chance to become a country , did n't want to . 
  get the chance to become more independent again , do n't want to . 
  only 8 % support another genocide and the destruction of syria . 
  what a great people . 
  eu is slowly turning into a nation . . why are so many not realizing this ? 
  that 's the damn ikea and the damn chinese government fault . . 
  as the first poll i sent you explained . 
  if brexit happens we 'll have different reality to look at . 
  it 's not a non-issue . 
  that seems a bit unrealistic . 
  this one is probably more accurate today . 
  that 's poland 's way of saying : ples gib more moneys and taking of more immigrations . 
  one does not simply `` become an italian '' . 
  with the largest population in europe , it 's not weird . 
  they have more influence in eu than any other eu member . 
  damn i hate the germans . 
  they are basically the only thing keeping eu together lol !,
