  and this time it will be much worse . 
  as a swede first i was like , oh we 're not that bad germany has much more problems to deal with . 
  then i was like , wait this is not per capita . 
  germany 's population is 8x ours . 
  i hate our dumb fucking government . 
  luckily we put up border controls right after this and i 'm not sure germany did the same . 
  not really . . 
  i can not answer for austria but in sweden refugees are placed either in the subburbs or in small villages . 
  the city folks never see them . 
  it 's too expensive there and since everybody wants to live in the city there are no place for them to live . 
  and then there 's the fact that the mainstream media have full controll over the cities and not so much over the rural areas . 
  stupid city folk . 
  love the neutrality, 
  i think i 'll stay in sweden , thanks !, 
  how is it not ? 
  the only direction the eu is going is down . 
  the eu needs to be rebuilt from the ground up if it 's going to keep floating . 
  good for you i guess . 
  but i 'd never want that in my country . 
  do n't know . 
  they can at least pretend to be patriotic about belgium ? 
  sweden was not created by other countries and finland and finns are not part of sweden today . . belgium is not like any other country in europe , there 's a reason why they place eu in belgium . 
  i guess it 's not suprising . 
  belgium is an artificial country to begin with and brussels is in the middle of the wallons and the flemings . 
  is eu-patriotism really that big in brussels ? 
  why ? 
  because they refuse to change . 
  they refuse to get their children educated and refuse to learn normal jobs . 
  do n't blame it on racism . . 
  no it 's not !, 
  society is full of idiots . 
  what you have between your legs says nothing about your policies !, 
  `` i 'm a man so i give 0 fucks about women '' is that how you think humans work ? 
  the parliament should contain people who can make hard and good decisions for the country . 
  nice , he chose candidates by gender instead of their actual knowledge and intelligence . 
  could be 70 % women for all i care but they should not be picked just because they are women . 
  that 's real sexism . 
   according to the 2011 census , 95.6 % of the population of kosovo are muslims . 
  yeah . . you 're not going to join anytime soon . 
  about to board a sinking ship . . 
  not even finland is scandinavian boii . 
  nice try though, 
  eu is not making any positive change outside the eu . 
  all it has done is making negative change inside europe . 
  and bring the world around europe , to europe . 
  you do n't need a semi-totalitarian union to keep the peace . 
  so it has nothing to do with europa and everything to do with globalist capitalism . . 
  happy europa day !, 
  fuck the eu !, 
  western europe is not the entire world . 
  i 'm talking about the western society and our current way of life . 
  not nukes and destruction . 
  every greate empire that has ever existed has collapsed . 
  there are many ways a society can ` die ' . 
  by economical collapse , with violence , scared people , invasion . 
  read a bit about the roman empire and it 's collapse , the empire people thought would live on forever and you 'll realize that we 're not far from collapse . 
  history is repeating itself . 
  how can you say le pen shows lack of traction when the party has grown ? 
  austria was a a milimeter from electing a nationalist for example . 
  germany may be forever cucks but that 's understandable looking at their reasent history . 
  when 30 to 50 % of europeans are what media calls ` far-right ' , that 's not something that 's going to go away because you elected some more liberals to push the status quo . 
  voting for these parties is not an easy choice when most journalists tries their hardest to defimate them . 
  but once you have you wo n't go back that easily . 
  i do n't want more people to die . 
  too many have died already . 
  but a fast death of society is better than a slow death is what i 'm saying . 
  if the issues stay at the same level and slowly kill our society , what good is that if you never realize there 's a problem ?!, 
  let us rise from the ashes of the neo-leftist/liberals ' idioticy . 
  leaks as in hidden truths . . 
   meth addict tax evader that was birthed from goldman-sachs so . . haha yeah !, 
  rothschilds ' own lap dog . 
  this patriotism . 
  blindly loving your country while stepping on the graves of your ancestors and spitting on your people . 
  no , it 's a fantastic quote to sum up how insane neoliberals are when thinking they vote in a ` change ' - candidate every election and get equally dissapointed every election . 
  or what should we call it to keep you quiet like media wants to keep le pen quiet ? 
  i do n't see how him being young is an attribute . 
  use naive instead or something like that . 
  i do n't give a fuck what you call it . 
  he 's an insider , not an outsider . 
  he likes most of the policies in action . 
  and politicians who fucked us over likes him . 
  call what you want but , do n't pretend like he came from nowhere and wants to radically change what the ones before him did . 
  letting them starve ? 
  if we had educated them and helped them become sustainable instead of importing any signs of intelligence there to us they would n't starve . 
  what we are doing is complete insanity . 
  are we going to evacuate the entirety of africa and middle east until everyone can share europe 's welfare ? 
  how can you think this is humanistic ? 
  how much worse can it get until you realize that doing the same thing over and over again will change nothing ? 
  not even trump was honest , not even `` the next hitler '' will make any change . 
  he broke with the establishment ? 
  because he created his own party ? 
  no , that 's not how this works . 
  the establishment loves him . 
  he can pretend like he does n't have any part of it but he knows most of the people and he has worked for them . 
  you just made a point that macron was outside the establishment and i just proved you very , very wrong . 
  are you going to stick with your story or have you come to your senses ? 
  if the establishment had n't fucked their people over in the first place there would be no need for alt-right parties . 
  yeah i hope issues grow so you can see how idiotic you are . 
  if you 're not already seeing what 's right infront of you . . 
  from wikipedia  and then became an investment banker at rothschild & cie banque .
