  it is completely irrational why we should subsidize low-traffic island ferry connections so that private companies make a profit rather than take that kind of thing into public control . 
  efta should give us what we need , fom , erasmus , horizon20 , single market , etc. 
  it also squares the conundum of the conflicting mandates . 
  2014 and the new indyref can be reconciled with our own deal with ruk while at the same time we get what the remain-voters want . 
  i do n't vote snp so i should n't really talk about them . 
  i 'm a scottish green . 
  we 're as keen as the snp on independence , but for quite different reasons . 
  in fact , all of the scottish left is pro-independence . 
  the only notable exception to that is scottish labour , but they 're dying and i honestly doubt their left-wing credentials these days . 
  i 'm voting green partly because i 'm suspicious of nationalists , even the more benign kind of the snp . 
  they 're not the kind that dress in jeans and go out and beat up foreigners . 
  they have a very good record on inclusivity , i 'll have to give them that . 
  however , for many of my pals , voting snp is a means to an end though . 
  put in an independence supporting msp or mp , hold your nose , and one day we 'll get indy . 
  when that happens , the snp is very likely to break in at least two pieces . 
  the reason for that is that the snp is an impossible coalition that works because the individual factions within it prioritize independence above all else . 
  when independence is removed , the party 's contradictions will assert themselves . 
  it will be like some tory shire in the english home counties who are in a party with the durham miners . 
  it ca n't work . 
  so , once we 're independent , the snp is very likely to fall apart . 
  edit : spelling, 
  yeah . 
  i think we 're mostly suffering from a one-size-fit-all economic policy in london . 
  we 're a sub-arctic country ( not quite ) with a sparse population . 
  it simply costs more to do things up here . 
  ideally , we 'd have the means to make different choices fiscally . 
  focus on different kinds of infrastructure spending . 
  but the unionist position is that the little bit of income tax we have control over should be used to pay for all the extra challenges our climate poses to us . 
  when we get control of everything from capital gains taxes to sin taxes and such , we can make different arrangements to spread the higher cost over many income streams . 
  we ca n't do that within the uk because the uk does n't recognize that aberdeen is any different from dover . 
  and not least , we can finally improve the infrastructure . 
  we 're going to have fiscal stimulus once independent , and that will increase our economic growth rate quite a bit . 
  well , you know , economic misrule since the 1980s , the devastation of our heavy industries and the fact that the oil money was used to pay daily expenses after the breaking of the unions , proves that impossible for us to take matters into our own hands and * fix * the problems . 
  it 's best if we leave it to the politicians who have misruled the uk for so long . 
  we 're at the mercy of the same policies that has devastated northern england . 
  but out economy is better because we had oil-revenues . 
  that 's why scotland is one of the richer areas of the uk . 
  without the oil , we 'd have been like wales or northern england . 
  the south does n't give a fuck about anything else than itself . 
  when we 're independent , we can set our own economic policies . 
  the reason why brexit is so dumb , and why we in scotland need to get out of the uk . 
  `` four in five scots say they should feed the weans . '', 
  `` right , that 's it , no new indyref !, 
  it 's settled ! '', 
  actually we do n't , and i say that as someone who wants independence . 
  we do n't fulfill the aquis communitaire because we do n't have all the necessary bodies and institutions in place . 
  we have some , but not all , and we need to set those up and make sure they 're working properly before we fulfill the acquis . 
  my preference is actually to go into efta , build those institutions for ten years while remaining in eea and horizon and erasmus , and have the free movement we need . 
  then in 10 years we 'll have built the institutions and bodies we need , and we can have a vote about it . 
  england is not a team player . 
  ever . 
  and i say that as half-english , before anyone moans . 
   they were hand waving concerns away with `` fearmongering '' and in the end it might have cost them the vote , i would n't recommend a repeat of the same . 
  the `` project fear '' of the scottish independence referendum comes from the fact that people like george robertson threatened that if we voted yes , that would trigger a 1930s style depression in the whole world , and that it would make vladimir putin king of everything . 
  that was project fear . 
  http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/13154575.george_robertson__scottish_independence_would_be_cataclysmic_for_the_west/ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/10934544/michael-gove-scottish-independence-would-invigorate-vladimir-putin.html, 
   i do remember reading somewhere that he owned it the telegraph is owned by the barclay brothers , who make rupert murdoch seem like an eu federalism sympathiser . 
  first past the post ( fptp ) voting systems are terrible ways of choosing leaders for a country . 
  in the us we have this endless debate each time `` do n't vote third party , you 'll waste your vote '' , and it 's the same here in the uk although it 's more aligned along the parties who are strong inside a constituency . 
  here in scotland , for westminster elections , it really is pointless to vote for the scottish green party , for instance . 
  voting for them would be a waste of a vote . 
  so , it comes down to ( in my constituency ) a choice between scottish labour and the scottish national party . 
  if you 're going to have fptp then it seems like the run-off system they have in france is superior to what we have . 
  then in the first round , everyone works really hard to get their candidate in . 
  when the second round is done , you get another chance to assess things . 
  whereas here in the uk and in the usa , you 'd be stuck with whoever won the plurality . 
  i think that with the french system , the conservatives here in the uk would not be in power . 
  even `` tory strongholds '' in surrey would vote for another candidate than the local tory because the first round would mean everyone voted for their own candidate , and in the second round there would be a tory and a libdem candidate . 
  then labour , green , and other left-leaning voters would combine and vote for the libdem candidate in the second round . 
  macron is not acutely loathed by half the electorate like clinton was . 
  ca n't let those damned canadians have all the nice-looking leaders . 
  i 'm just waiting for the shirtless pictures of macron now , to be honest . 
  90 per cent of nordic public sector workers are employed by municipalities and counties , not the central government . 
  it 's funny to read macron talk about nordic model . 
  is he ready to decentralise the french state and give municipalities self-rule ? 
  that 's basically what 's needed for the nordic model to work . 
  that and 80-85 % unionisation . 
   most languages have homonyms , mate !, 
  english has plenty too . 
  aye , but i have to vent my frustrations from when i was a wee bairn in sweden and got it wrong to my little mates ' amusement . 
  swedish is partly tonal . 
  emphasis and stress can change the meaning of a word completely . 
  that was the biggest problem i had when i tried to learn it . 
  for instance , * tomten * can mean both ` the yard ' and ` santa clause ' . 
  it is a mark of a foreigner if you tell a swedish child that the yard is coming down the chimney on christmas eve . 
  edit : though the swedes are sneaky bastards because sometimes they have words that sound the same but mean completely different things . 
  so , you * can never tell * !, 
  for instance , the word ` klippa ' which can mean both ` cliff , rock , mountain ' and ` mow , cut ' . 
  as a scot who wants scotland to become independent , i 'm of course sympathetic to catalonia , and i think they should have the choice too . 
  however , i am adamantly against a unilateral declaration of independence for scotland because i recognise it would be utter disaster for us , and i think that 's true for catalonia too . 
  spain 's position has been quite clear since 2014 when it comes to scotland . 
  where there 's a constitutional mechanism for an area to leave another state , and where there 's agreement between the central government and the area that wants to leave , [ spain has no problems ] ( http://agencias.abc.es/agencias/noticia.asp?noticia=1552460 ) . 
  so , there will be no `` veto '' from spain if scottish secession is constitutional . 
  that 's the difference between catalonia and scotland . 
  catalonia do n't have a constitutional way of leaving spain , but scotland can constitutionally leave the uk . 
  i mean , spain has accepted other european countries into the eu even though they have split , such as the czech republic and slovakia . 
  however , it has not recognised kosovo , who seceeded unilaterally , and not many countries have recognised kosovo . 
  that would be the fate of scotland if we unilaterally declared independence , and that would be the fate of catalonia . 
  so , i do n't really understand the catalonian plan here . 
  i 'm sympathetic , as i said , but i do n't think it will end very well , and i wonder why they 're persisting instead of fighting to change the constitution first .
