  many scots define themselves against britishness by adopting europeanness - and part of that uniform is support for the eu . 
  i ca n't tell you how many people i 've met during the last few weeks who i had put in the absolutely pro-eu camp have told me that they 're swithering now . 
  these are n't ukip nutters . 
  they 're labour people , greens , scottish socialists . 
  the core of the pro-eu camp here , really . 
  if they 're greeting about europe , then the kippers are uncorking the champagne . 
  that 's not the ez 's problem . 
  that 's syriza 's problem . 
  ez 's problem is how to make greece * function * again so that it can - in the distant future - have a big ceremony about how they 've paid off the huge loan . 
  the ez 's problem is greece 's ability to stabilise , and then grow , and to stop being the disaster-constantly-kicked-down-the-road by cowardly ez leaders . 
   no one will lend greece money , and they ca n't print their own . 
  the ez do n't have to lend them another cent . 
  what the ez * does * have to do is to allow them to gain the ability to pay back what they already owe . 
  this austerity thing is about removing greece 's ability to pay back what it owes . 
  call it what you will : restructuring . 
  find a funny acronym that will say nothing , but make sure that greece gets to keep the money it generates itself for the next five years . 
  no more guillotine deadlines . 
  after 5 years it starts to pay off the loans in a long-term program that will last decades . 
  there , i fixed the problem . 
  greece pays back every last cent . 
  it might be cents inflated to mean much less than now , but there 's been no hair-cut or anything . 
  no more midnight meetings about a new thing that 's popped up because the leaders ca n't stomach making the decisions they 're paid to make . 
  no more drama . 
  no more crises . 
  just fix the problem - which is that greece is insolvent and ca n't pay its debts now because as soon as they have one cent over , someone is there to rake it to brussels or the imf or the ecb . 
  allow the greeks breathing-space , but do n't lend them any more money . 
  after all , that 's what tsipras and ( previously ) varoufakis said they wanted . 
  breathing space , not new loans . 
  anything would be better than this deeply idiotic idea that seem to have infected europe like a virus . 
  what austerity in the eurozone means is , to move private liability to be public debts . 
  which means that private banks have off-loaded their bad loans on tax-payers . 
  that 's great for the bankers , but maybe the taxpayers should start to get furious - particularly since they at the same time have to pay high taxes but also see the reason for their high taxes being slashed to the bone . 
  austerity is the method of paying off a huge loan by quitting a higher paying job and taking a minimum wage one , and at the same time halving the kids ' diet , and taking them out of school . 
  it 's selling the car to rely on more expensive public transport . 
  austerity contracts an economy . 
  we see that everywhere : in ireland , in portugal , and in greece . 
  it destroys an economy . 
  it reduced state income . 
  it demolishes a tax-base . 
  it suppressed gdp growth because businesses stop hiring , and put off investments . 
  austerity pushes upp hoarding behaviour . 
  if you 're in an insecure job , you 're not going to buy a new car or a new house . 
  you 're going to wait , and you 're going to hoard cash . 
  austerity with a surplus requirement also takes money out of people 's bank-accounts and hoards it to the state . 
  if people want to maintain their standard of living , they need to bridge the gap with private finance . 
  if they ca n't , their standard of living goes down . 
  it would possibly also help if the eurozone did n't try to manufacture a new crisis every week and allowed the greek government to sit down and do the work they 're screaming about . 
  they 've been elected for five months , but by the sound of it the new syriza government is being blamed for not successfully implementing an efficient and credible tax collecting agency . 
  this at the same time that the greek government faces demands to drastically cut public sector workers . 
  there 's a contradiction if any ... 
  they did the same thing during the scottish referendum here . 
  no media in the uk is trustworthy and reliable . 
  all of it speaks from an agenda . 
  the agenda may differ , but the newspapers and the channels will lie either through commission or omission . 
  guardian will let alternative voices through in their comment is free , which is why people like owen jones and george monbiot write there . 
  but it 's news reporting is straight up economic liberal . 
  in fact , guardian is run by a trust which has the stated aim of liberalism . 
  i think that the most amazing , and depressing , thing is that my realisation that intelligent people can be far , far more stupid than genuinly stupid people . 
  actual stupid people will be constrained . 
  people wo n't give them the rope to hang themselves as much . 
  intelligent people , on the other hand , will get access to the big red button that you should n't press , and then they will construct elaborate and * intelligent * reasons for why they should act stupid and press the big red button . 
  i think the eu is dying . 
  it will take maybe ten years , but it 's dying . 
  i think nato is dying too . 
  things do n't neatly isolate themselves into specific consequences . 
  farting in the kitchen have a habit of leaking into the dining room . 
  carpet bombing greece financially is like dropping mustard gas in the kitchen , and then hoping that it wo n't spread to the dining room with the vip guests . 
  europe is fracturing , and the intelligent people have taken jack-hammers to the cracks , and are at the same time rationalising to themselves why taking jack-hammers to the cracks is the sane and rational thing to do in order to prevent the cracks from spreading and deepening . 
  intelligent people can be catastrophically stupid . 
  and they have an ego too , so they 'll convince themselves that they are n't stupid at all . 
  the only people left standing after syriza are golden dawn . 
  all the others are horribly discredited by past action . 
  who says it has n't ? 
  our left-wing media is largely pro-eu . 
  but the amount of people * on the left * who lately have voiced serious misgivings about the eu is quite amazing . 
  i personally have met five-six people this week - ie greens and scottish socialist party folk - who were firmly pro-eu , who now say they 're likely to vote for exit . 
  that 's in scotland , the by far most pro-eu part of the uk . 
  then the eu does n't deserve to survive . 
  i was astonished to agree with something daniel hannan said today . 
  i feel a little dirty , and desperately want a shower , but there you go . 
  a broken clock is right once or twice a day , and so on and so forth ... https://twitter.com/danhannanmep/status/616554406071373824 '' @suzanne_moore i 'm sure you 'll do what conscience dictates . 
  like greece , we have to vote on the actual eu , not the one we might have liked ! '', 
  hey , ireland , when we become independent let 's go out into the middle atlantic and form an atlantic league or something . 
  let 's invite iceland , norway and greenland too . 
  the english ca n't join , though . 
  they just want to boss everyone around . 
  maybe some sanity will finally break out in the eurozone , though i 'm not holding my breath . 
  i suppose i 'll believe that when sch\u00e4uble is given a pension package and told to go tend his garden and not bother competent people . 
  that 's not right . 
  you all can borrow swedish racism against finns . 
  `` they 're all alcoholic , sit in saunas all day , and whenever there 's a fight , they pull a knife . '', 
  the end is nigh !, 
  repent . 
  imf debunks neoliberal core philosophy . 
   adding another nail to the coffin of reaganomics , a recent study published by the international monetary fund ( imf ) has concluded that , contrary to the principles of `` trickle-down '' economics , an increase in the income share of the wealthiest people actually leads to a decrease in gdp growth . 
  quite a few linguists , including some of my professors , consider scots to be a language rather than a dialect . 
  in fact if it 's a dialect , it 's a dialect with its own subdialects . 
  they say scots and english is akin to norwegian and danish . 
  largely mutually intelligible , but still distinct . 
  in the end , it is going to be a matter for debate , and who wins that debate will be the ones who win the constitutional question in scotland over the next decade .
