  i admit that i do n't know much about macron , except that people who know thinks that it 's likely he 'll win the presidency unless m\u00e9lenchon and hamon join forces . 
  is this article a fair representation of macron ? 
  i 've been there !, 
  we went to lofoten one year , and spent a few days there . 
  it is a pretty wild party town . 
  and i barely slept for the two weeks we spent in norway because it never grew dark . 
  i may be left-wing , and when we become independent and members of the eu in our own right ( or efta ) i would hope that we 'd be out there with everyone defending common interests . 
  i 'm not a pacifist . 
  however , i would vigorously campaign against our troops flying off to the sahel to defend purely french national interests . 
  that 's my biggest concern about `` european defence integration '' . 
  in an eli5 way , the act of union in 1707 only removed the top levels of our state , ie the monarchy and parliament , as well as some functions of the state like defence and foreign affairs . 
  the rest was left as it was . 
  that 's why we have a separate legal jurisdiction , police , `` supreme court '' , education , and so on . 
  that 's a gross simplification , but it serves . 
  it 's a cheap plane with a low operating cost that might not be as advanced as other fighters , but it 's better than most , and small countries can afford many more of them than if they bought an f-35 or indeed a rafale or eurofighter . 
  that 's not really the point i 'm making . 
  the f-35 may be the technically better aeroplane , but it is an american one . 
  just like the usa would never make a foreign aircraft foundational for its defence capability , neither should the eu . 
  both the french and the swedish defence policy has been to be self-sufficient on military hardware . 
  that 's why both countries are building high-tech fighters , something that in the case of sweden could be considered quite mad if you did n't know their desire to be self-sufficient because of their neutrality . 
  if the eu pursues self-sufficiency in defence technology , it can have the foundational infrastructure to develop aeorplanes to compete with the f-35 . 
  not being self-sufficient means that the eu chooses to not have that infrastructure . 
  which means that if there 's a war in the future , and if the usa becomes truly isolationist , then the eu wo n't have the capacity to replenish military equipment . 
  that 's why i do n't understand why this article is about buying american . 
  the eu should order its planes from airbus instead . 
  i do n't understand why the eu is buying american planes , to be honest . 
  is n't it better to support its own industrial base ? 
  i mean , sweden produces the gripen light attack fighter that countries with constrained budgets could buy . 
  france does the rafael heavy fighter that countries with more money ( and more ambitions ) could use . 
  airbus does transport planes . 
  sweden also produces artillery and ordnance , and i guess many eu countries do . 
  so , why go to lockheed ? 
  i am half-english you plonker . 
  yeah , i regularly go into an alley to stab myself in the right leg to cut every bit of english dna out of myself . 
  and every time i meet mam i sit there and glare at her . 
  how dare she be born a makkem !, 
  do n't need to beg anything . 
  if people are so delusional as to think westminster wo n't grant the vote , then i ca n't help them . 
  actually , that helps us . 
  :d edit : and yeah , cheating is the only way you can win this . 
  i agree with that . 
  lol general pyrrhus of epirus might tell you a thing or two about your `` win '' . 
  the rematch is soon . 
  watch us . 
  north atlantic treaty organisation ... er , may need a new name for that one ... 
  i 'm actually hoping that once we go independent , we 'll join up with efta . 
  i think that if norway , scotland , the faroes , greenland , and iceland worked together to manage the north atlantic , we could make it a great place . 
  there 's an easy solution . 
  i think this is the first time i 've ever seen a politician use isaac asimov 's three laws of robotics as a central theme in a political speech . 
  it 's a good speech , but it 's mostly that reference that made me think it 's interesting . 
  was n't that basically normans ? 
  or was that sicily ? 
  bloody norse , conquering all of christendom and installing kings everywhere . 
  as a green , i want it to stay in the ground , but the reserves we have equal a whole year of uk-wide gdp , and more is discovered each year . 
   oil well , yes , let 's totally ignore that oil is just the third biggest export , and that not having access to the single market would seriously fuck up our * biggest * export industry , food and drink , as well as our second biggest , which is financial services . 
  do n't be silly now . 
  we ca n't have a macroeconomic discussion about an independent scotland without assuming that the only tax we 'd change is income taxes . 
  no vat , no national insurance , no sin taxes . 
  it is totally uncalled for to think that a holyrood independent from westminster would have a basket of options to ameliorate a deficit that 's wholly and totally created by westminster management . 
  and we 're sure to saw off the aft tenth of submarines , aircraft carriers , and nuclear weapons and keep them rather than swap them for money . 
  sturgeon 's strategy is this , i think . 
  * respect the 2014 referendum . 
  which means she ca n't immediately offer a referendum . 
  * tick off the boxes of all * the other * options to a new referendum first . 
  * offer alternatives : differentiated membership for scotland and england/wales with the eu ; if that 's not possible , efta membership for scotland as part of the uk ; if that 's not possible , bespoke eea membership for scotland in the uk ; and if that 's not possible , a new referendum . 
  i think all the options have been exhausted now , and it 's clear to everyone that the only thing left is another referendum . 
  in fact , to many of us , it was clear from the start . 
  for those of us who want independence , it 's frustrating , but i suspect sturgeon is wise to be cautious . 
   even by getting most votes but it will undoubtedly lead to lots of articles in our the daily express and breitbart for two years . 
  from what i understand of french politics , and it is admittedly limited , you vote for who you want in the first round , and then * against * who you do n't want in the second . 
  which means that whoever makes it into the second round with le pen will be the new french president . 
  this would be true if someone like melenchon , or a homeless person off the streets of amiens , got in . 
  the party in charge of the government here has two conflicting things : the no-referendum to independence in 2014 and the remain vote in june last year . 
  they ca n't realistically , and easily , call a new referendum without being accused of not respecting democracy , even though the snp wants scottish independence . 
  on the other hand , brexit is going to seriously fuck us up . 
  so , what they 've been doing is to tick all the boxes to try to reconcile the two referenda : * stay in the uk and stay in the eu . 
  * if we ca n't stay in the eu , then can we stay in the eea ? 
  * if we ca n't stay in the eea , can we have a special deal ? 
  * if we ca n't have any of that , then we 'll have another independence vote . 
  most of us up here have known that we 'd end up with another independence vote . 
  it 's just a matter of when , and how . 
  the scottish government is going through the process of eliminating all other options first . 
  that 's frustrating for us who want independence , but i suppose it 's a wise course . 
   macron is hillary clinton ( centrist ) not really . 
  i 've followed this election , and the weird thing is that if you look at crowds , meetings , and rallies , then macron is more like bernie sanders . 
  and he does pull in the young enthusiasts . 
  so , the weird thing is that macros is both bernie sanders and jeremy corbyn . 
  it 's just that macron is a centrist on policy . 
  he has little in common with either of the other two politically . 
  but in the other stuff , the crowds and the rallies , then yeah , he 's like sanders and corbyn . 
  as one with a swedish pass-port now . 
  * cough *, 
   what is wrong with ketchup on pasta and pineapple on pizza ? 
  i 'm just wondering ... asking for a friend ... can you deep fry that ? 
  do n't be so naive . 
  putin is not into anything because of a great love for his country . 
  [ he 's in it for the money ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2014/12/18/how-he-and-his-cronies-stole-russia/ ) . 
  the same is true for the clique of oligarchs who support him . 
  russia is a basket case of an economy run by thieves and extortionists . 
  the only thing they have going for it is a huge stockpile of nuclear weapons .
