  the good friday agreement is an important agreement that stopped a low-level civil war in northern ireland . 
  it 's incredibly irresponsible of the tories to poke around trying to unpick it . 
  it is set in stone . 
  really . 
  it 's realpolitik . 
  you make the assumption that the scottish leave voters chose their stance for the same reason that english and welsh leave voters did . 
  that 's not the case . 
  there 's an idiot brigade among us independence supporters too . 
  some of them voted leave because they thought that it would bring a new independence referendum . 
  they never stopped to think that if leave won in scotland , then the snp would n't have a mandate for one . 
  the mandate exists because we 're being taken out of the eu against our will . 
  fisheries is a stronger industry in scotland than in the rest of the uk . 
  most of the good fishing grounds are in scotland . 
  our fisheries have a historical habit of shooting themselves in the foot . 
  first , they nearly depleted our fish stocks , and then they nearly bankrupted themselves by buying expensive trawlers on credit . 
  many areas reliant on fishing had a strong leave vote because they wanted to get rid of cfp quotas and prevent spanish and french trawlers in our waters . 
  i wonder where he 'd gone to . 
  time to release the wild haggii to repel the foreign invaders . 
  would the eu even want to keep the uk in now ? 
  i mean , imagine the resentments in the uk , and the uk would double down on demands and exceptions and what-not . 
  now that i have a swedish passport , i can say this , but ... they have the metal and the lumber in sweden . 
  if you only stop speaking like you have a hot potato shoved down your throat , they can share . 
  apparently they 've realised that everyone is a shifty spy now . 
  `` foreigners !, 
  fifth columnists !, 
  keep away from our brexit ! '', 
  no it 's not illogical , because it does n't make any assumptions about * the same subject * . 
  you ca n't make any assumptions about the motivations of the voters who did n't vote . 
  but you can make one assumption on the speculation about a higher turnout , based on the hard numbers at hand . 
   which is the point i am making . 
  nope . 
  here 's how i read your post . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , i do n't know . 
  but , the point you were making was that the eu referendum was worth less than the indyref . 
  that appears to be your reason for bringing up the bigger number . 
  you want the bigger margin in the later referendum to be less important than the bigger actual number in the former . 
  so , the two million voter number you gave is pretty meaningless for the reasons i 've stated . 
  besides , it 's not like 67.2 % turnout is a bad turnout in this country . 
  and the infyref was more emotional than this one too . 
  it was more visceral . 
  this one largely felt like an english referendum . 
  i think we got the numbers because everyone pushed their members and voters to go out and vote . 
  that 's how it felt * in my milieu * . 
  that does n't qualify as data though , just as an anecdote . 
   separately , the very act of bothering to vote in one case but not in another case is revealing and interesting . 
  no , it is not . 
  you can not make * any * assumptions about the people who did n't vote . 
  you have no idea whether they did n't vote because they thought the result was a foregone conclusion , whether they saw the vote as a mainly english obsession , or whether they were n't bothered about the outcome . 
  what one * can * do is to apply the massive result to this , and make the one assumption that in all probability , the spread would mimic the result of the actual vote because unlike a poll a referendum does n't need to be weighted . 
  the result is fixed and firm , and has no margin of error . 
  there would be some if you applied that result to the non-voters , but it would be a pretty good indicator . 
  yes , i 'm a scottish green . 
  i do n't vote for the snp , so snp voters will have to talk about their party . 
  it would be unseemly of me to interfere in their internal matters as a member of another party . 
  no it is n't . 
  anyone who knows the least bit about statistics would look at that argument and think less of the person using it . 
  if a poll with a 1000 people have a margin of error of 3 % , what do you think the margin of error would be for a poll that has millions of people in it ? 
  in other words , if turnout had been higher , the results would have been roughly the same , percentage-wise . 
  except there would be more voters . 
   more scots voted to remain in the uk than voted to remain in the eu . 
  you should stop using that argument . 
  it 's really , * really * dumb . 
  just saying . 
  heh , so no scots in the foreign office any more ? 
  considering half of us voted to leave the uk two years ago , and two thirds of us voted to stay in the eu . 
  we ca n't be trusted to brexit properly . 
  my apologies to my fellow europeans . 
  it 's not my choice ( since 2014 ) to remain shackled to this retarded construct . 
  hopefully we 'll be able to sneak out when they 're not looking . 
  high mountains often have snow on top of them !, 
  even in the summer . 
  the cold do n't bother them anyway . 
   scotland has more mp 's per person than england or wales we have 59 mps , which is exactly what we should have according to our population share of 8.9 % . 
   you also have a scottish parliament there is no english parliament . 
  you should argue for your own parliament , and demand it from westminster . 
  it 's not something the scottish can grant you . 
   i would prefer scotland to stay but if it stops the whining it is our union too , and we 'll complain as much as we like , particularly when it 's as badly mismanaged as it is at the moment . 
  until we leave , we 'll keep on trying to improve it . 
  that said , i do n't think it 's possible to change it , and that 's why we should leave it . 
   why ? 
  i think it 's because english britons are the majority culture , and british is often a synonym for english . 
  when you say `` british '' to a foreigner , they do n't think of welsh , gaelic or haggis or glencoe . 
  they think red phone boxes , double decker buses , big ben , beatles , and the queen . 
  for english britons , they never experience the disconnect because they 're part of the majority culture . 
  they even have a somewhat condascending name for us , the celtic fringe . 
  we 're not at the centre of things . 
  unlike wales , which was brutally conquered and exploited beginning in the 11th century or so , scotland kept most of its institutions from 1707 . 
  we just lost the army , and the top tier of government . 
  well , apart from the royals , but the stuarts did n't last that long as a dynasty . 
  after , they imported hanoverians to replace the stuarts . 
  but we did n't get our dynasty back up here . 
  we 've always felt like a country . 
  we 're a country in a union with another country . 
  so , it 's not quite like finland and sweden . 
  it 's more like norway and sweden . 
  but instead of two countries of roughly equal size , we have one country that 's norway sized , and another that 's eleven times larger . 
  seventy-eighty per cent of scots want self-rule . 
  self-rule in this case meant , in the classic understanding up here , that we decided about everything except defence and foreign policy . 
  now , slightly less than half of us wants outright independence . 
  before the referendum we were promised `` as close to federalism as possible '' , and we had to vote to stay in the uk if our place in the eu were to be guaranteed .
