  my money is on the nationalists . 
  aye , whit 's annoying is tae spak one 's ain language , an tae be accused of greetin en a dialect o thit * lingua franca *  . 
   yes , but who would want to move to the highlands of scotland ? 
  are there any jobs there anyway ? 
  highlands are awesome . 
  they are the better-weather version of the norwegian valleys . 
  :d you should visit places like glencoe sometimes . 
  it 's stunning . 
  problem is , it 's mostly privately owned by rich foreigners who let the land lie fallow and useless so that rich guests can shoot deer and grouse . 
  we 're working on land-reform though . 
  next year there will be a lot of squealing from the owners about stalinist mugabean land-grabs . 
  but , anyway , scotland needs to import people . 
  unlike the south of england . 
  we 're struggling to keep a positive net population growth , and have for decades and centuries . 
  it 's only since we got our own parliament that this downward trend has been reversed . 
  but it 's still not good enough . 
  our economy needs more people . 
  do you really think that nato and eu exist in isolation from each other ? 
  just think about it . 
  it is in the realm of possibility that putin will try to do something to regain the baltics - nato members . 
  now imagine you 're a greek young person who 's about to be conscripted , and is told that he 'll have to go and defend people who spent the past five years telling him he 's a lazy corrupt fucker , and who has trooped through the lobbies with germany to make his parents or grandparents lose their homes and their jobs and so on . 
  do you think that greek person is going to be eager and willing to rush off to defend the baltics ? 
  now , expand that to the other peripheral nato countries . 
  so , article 5 is dead . 
  things do n't exist in isolation from each other . 
  i obviously think it does . 
  i 'm just not that interested in obsessing about the details of the drama when the framework of the crises is about the death of european solidarity , the undermining of nato and the eu , and the insane policies demanded of the periphery in the eu . 
  the most amusing thing about this whole greek problem is to see how willing those conservatives in their ill fitting suits from countries like portugal , lithuania , and poland is burying the idea of european solidarity . 
  the idea that any soldier from spain , greece , whatever is going to lay down their lives for some jumped up tory that 's dutifully marched to brussels to vote for the smashing of their societies and their democracy is laughable . 
  so , article 5 of the nato treaty is dead . 
  the only person welcoming that is vladimir putin , because this is what he wants . 
  he wants to wrest europe away from nato and from the us . 
  and he does n't have to do a thing , because in their small-mindedness the finns and the estonians and the belgians are doing it all themselves . 
  destroying european solidarity . 
  congratulations , germany , this is what your insane ordoliberalism has brought us . 
   this is also known , when one wants to argue the other way , as democratic governments being responsive to their voters . 
  it seems that like everyone else who has a `` solution '' , stiglitz finds democracy inconvenient when it does n't do what he thinks it should . 
  i 'll start a party whose ideological foundation is that the world is flat and that the universe consist of rotating spheres with holes in them . 
  then when i win a majority for my party i 'll make everyone believe that . 
  i 'll make sure that the media reports no other cosmological view . 
  this because random people on the internet said that the economical variant of this cosmological perspective said that the voter is always right , and that leadership never means telling the voters that they are wrong , and explaining why they are wrong . 
  nope , political leaders should always follow . 
  never lead . 
  leading would not be democratic . 
  what is happening in greece has nothing to do with economics . 
  if it was , then the eurogroup would listen to reason . 
  since they do n't , it means that what is going on is purely political . 
  greece must be forced to comply . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  cameron will either have to campaign for an out if he does n't get the renegotiated things he wants , or he wo n't have any credibility because * nobody * is going to give him treaty changes which he will want . 
  there are about 3 people in total in orkney and shetland who dream about independence from scotland . 
  it was actually a functionary in the thatcher government , bernard ingham , who dreamt up the whole thing as a ploy . 
  well , that would be true if eu membership had n't been a major plank in the no-campaign 's rhetoric about why we should stay in the uk . 
  `` if you vote yes , you 'll be thrown out of the eu !, 
  your only way to stay in the eu is to stay in the uk ! '', 
  basically that . 
  because the snp are far better political operators than cameron . 
  like , salmond appeared to fight hard for a 3-question referendum which made cameron give in on all the other demands ( 16-year olds voting , owning the yes-side , and having the referendum at the end of parliament ) . 
  salmond dangled a red rag in front of cameron , and cameron rushed into it to `` quash the nat 's desires '' . 
  terrible mistake . 
  as a scottish green it 's my ambition to reduce snp to a minority government in holyrood in 2016 , but i have to admit that they are a formidable opponent . 
  we might not be able to . 
  but at least we 'll have to up our game . 
  yes , i think we did . 
  but it does n't detract from the fact that the no-side ran a truly and utterly atrocious campaign , and those are the people who will run the yes-side in the eu-referendum . 
  the ` yes ' moniker advantage will be neutralised by the fact that the people who will run the yes-campaign are the same people who ran the no-campaign in scotland ... 
  they single-handedly turned a safe and comfortable lead of 25-30 per cent support for independence in 2011 to half the nation in 2014 and the snp tsunami in 2015 . 
  they tried to drag the french republic 's ambassador and consul here into a grubby little inspector clouseau-like bit of skullduggery too . 
  also , by the time the referendum comes around , the current government will be in tatters because they have a razor thin majority which will probably be gone before the referendum . 
  they have 331 seats now , and they need 323 to control the house . 
  that 's eight seats . 
  by then , john major 's government of 1992 will probably look sane and ordered in comparison . 
  * english ( native language ) * swedish ( pretty good ) * scots ( poorly , but i 'm trying to learn . 
  yes , my professors insist it 's a language , not a dialect , and i suppose that while its highly mutually intelligible with standard english , it 's like norwegian and swedish ) a link to written scots : https://sco.wikipedia.org/wiki/scots_leid, 
  we are already preparing the saws so that we can saw off our bit of this island . 
  any decent ( and less rainy ! ), 
  parking for about 1/3 of great britain in the meditteranean ? 
  that sounds like the system we have in scotland , for the scottish parliament . 
  we have one vote for a constituency msp , and another for a regional party list . 
  it 's a pretty good system . 
  i also like that it makes majorities more difficult , because it forces the parties to cooperate more . 
  the downside is that people tend to view the list msps are less legitimate . 
  no , that 's not quite true . 
  in the 1950s the scottish conservative and unionist party got all those votes . 
  when they merged with the uk conservatives , they started to lose . 
  by the 1990s , they were gone . 
  so , drip , secret courts , judicial review changes , the end to legal aid for poor people - all those are nice liberal things you support then ? 
  libdems have gotten this undeserved cred for being for civil liberties after betraying every single liberal instinct in their bodies in that coalition . 
  and people go on about * tuition fees * . 
  as soon as there 's some illiberal piece of legistlation from theresa may 's office , the libdems have wheeled out julian huppert to complain about it , before trooping into the voting lobbies with may to enact that illiberal legislation . 
  i do n't trust them as far as i can throw them , and would dearly like to see the party reduced to the same importance as sdlp in the coming parliament . 
  no , they did n't . 
  they got some bills through parliament , like a budget , on a vote by vote basis where annabel goldie of the conservatives supported the bill . 
  they had no formal or informal partnership . 
  holyrood works much more like a continental parliament than westminster . 
  and it 's * designed * to prevent majorities . 
  that the snp has a majority is a design failure after scots basically decided to break the system in 2011 . 
  he 's not saying anything different than stephen wren-lewis . 
  http://mainlymacro.blogspot.co.uk/2015/04/mediamacro-myths-summing-up.html wren-lewis has a much more parochial perspective on only the uk , but he agrees with krugman - in the main . 
  so , shoot the messenger ?
