  there 's no reason to believe that they would n't have fucked us over again . 
  i 'm no snp , but at least with them , i know that the new mps will give a toss about their constituencies , and wo n't only function as voting fodder for the uk national labour lobbies . 
   then scotland will have zero fiscal policy . 
  no , that was in response to you saying we ca n't use the # . 
  to join the euro we need a currency that wants to join erm ii . 
  the process for joining erm ii will take many years . 
  thus , this whole `` you have to join the euro '' - thing is silly . 
  but yes . 
  we need our own currency . 
  and yes , if we did n't aim to join the euro at some future date , joining the eu would be more troublesome . 
  not that it would be impossible . 
  the eu has shown itself to be quite flexible about things . 
  see sweden . 
  nobody expects the eu to crack down on sweden for not joining , even though that country has no opt-out . 
  that was the snps dumb currency union thing . 
  there 's nothing to stop anyone from using the currency of another country . 
  the ruk ca n't prevent that . 
  ireland pretty much did this until the 1970s . 
   uk gov said you could n't use sterling . 
  ruk does n't actually have any say in that . 
  personally , i prefer we start our own currency . 
  we 're screwed up here with an overvalued # geared toward making imports cheaper . 
  i want a currency we could balance to boost our exports . 
  well , scotland needs immigrants , so schengen sounds like a fine idea . 
  as for euro , we 'll just do like sweden . 
  handwave about joining in some unspecified future date , and then never quite reaching the targets of erm ii membership . 
  http://imgur.com/687iez6 that 's from our biggest tabloid , the daily record . 
  it shows the leaders of all five parties in holyrood , our devolved parliament , representing 95 per cent of our democratic mandate in scotland . 
  in 2014 , a significant minority , or maybe even a majority , of the people who voted to stay in the uk did so for purely transactional and economic reasons to maintain the status quo . 
  a major part of the rhetoric for the better together campaign was that in order to maintain our eu membership , we had to reject independence . 
  i suspect that if there is a leave vote , on friday , holyrood will send people to brussels to open channels of communications about us remaining members of the eu , and that the plans for a new independence referendum start . 
  scotland is a manufacturing and exporting country . 
  our economy would be totalled if we lost access to the eu market . 
  for instance , our fisheries are twice the size of our oil industry . 
  not to mention our aerospace industry , our games industry , our agriculture , and our science sector . 
  the uk is finished if there 's a leave vote tomorrow anyway . 
  as opposed to an aggressive uk that rubbish everything the eu wants , sabotage needed developments in the union , and who thinks polish catholics are coming here to impose sharia law on all of us ? 
  can you people get merkel/schulz/macron etc to please say we could crash at your place for a while ? 
  our next door neighbour has set fire to his house , and now he 's marching up and down the street picking fights . 
  also , he threatening everyone with his mates , even though they 've stopped returning his calls . 
  worse , he 's playing the anthem on 400 % volume at all hours . 
  the thing is , spain has a formalist view on this . 
  they want us to cross the t : s and dot the i : s . we who want independence know this , and it 's annoying but there 's nothing we can do aboit that . 
  we accept it as a fact of life . 
  however , the unionist side has always claimed an active spanish hostility toward us . 
  so we have the veto myth . 
  this wo n't kill that . 
  the former foreign minister of spain said exactly the same thing before 2014 , yet here we are discussing an article about spain `` dropping '' its veto . 
  good point . 
  confederations are always hard to make work . 
  they function in good times , but always seem to suffer in bad . 
  when there is no clear federal level that impose its will on member states , members always end up prioritising their own interests . 
  bugger thy neighbour is always a problem with confederations . 
  federations can slap down such bullshit and enforce a solution that benefits the whole union . 
  a gentleman and a scholar , i think . 
  he must be commenting on marie de guise , mother of mary , queen of scots . 
  marie de guise was the wife of james v of scotland , so was a queen in her own right too . 
  so , that must be what he 's talking about . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  actually the title is a total lie because we do n't have an official anthem . 
  most scots prefer another song , [ flower of scotland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imiayn0a14a ) , but i have decided that i 'm going to sneak into a politician 's room and sneakily add in an amendment adopting this as our anthem . 
  so there . 
  flower of scotland does n't sound ` anthemy ' . 
  this definitely does . 
  admittedly , i know little of french politics , but the mr. clean candidate who was going to `` drain the swamp '' in france certainly seems rather cheap , and grubby . 
  [ here 's a machine translation of the article . 
  french people could perhaps do a better job ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fbfmbusiness.bfmtv.com%2ffrance%2ffillon-a-touche-50-000-dollars-pour-organiser-une-reunion-avec-poutine-1126712.html&amp;edit-text= ) . 
   people say that england is too big for a federal system and would need to be split up in order for federalism to work but that just sounds like a silly excuse the problem is that england does not want it . 
  one could say that brexit is a rejection of federalism on a continental level , and it was driven by english resistance . 
  * federalist * is a slur in uk politics . 
  it conjures up images of the worst kind of euro plutocrats . 
  furthermore , when they held referendums about devoved assemblies for english regions , only the london one passed . 
  the northern assembly was rejected . 
  the english do n't want another layer of politicians . 
  so , the english do not want it , and the only time it comes up is when people like gordon brown bring it up in order to fix a * scottish * issue . 
  and , we scots do not have the right to ask england to partition itself for our benefit . 
  that 's something the english must want themselves . 
  what we in scotland can decide on is whether we want to participate in the current system , or go off an find our own solution . 
  we ca n't ask anyone else to adapt to the solutions we want . 
  i ca n't see how it would lead to much extra work , no . 
  scotland office already does the coordination between westminster and holyrood , and have a whole department for it . 
  the bulk , 99 % of it , of extra resources needed would fall on the holyrood side . 
  that 's literally two or three people that have a meeting once or twice a week or so . 
  they 'd already be doing that anyway . 
   there probably is not the staff to conduct a proper referendum/conducting a referendum it 's a matter for our devolved parliament , not westminster . 
  scotland holds ( and mans ) its own referendums . 
   even if it was ` only ' equal representation , why give it up for no representation ? 
  because 591 mps can outvote scottish interests ten times over when 80 % of scottish interests are decided in westminster , while msps would with independence decide everything * including * whether we are part of an international treaty organisation or not . 
  and the eu/efta affect only 10 % of scottish things , unlike our situation in the uk . 
   why give up a disproportionately high number of seats in westminster we do n't have a `` disproportionately high number of seats '' . 
  we have 59 0f 650 which is what we should have with our population share . 
   also private enterprises are typically much more efficient than public ones . 
  that does n't really hold water when the best ferry operator in scotland is publically owned - [ calmac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caledonian_macbrayne ) . 
  it also does n't hold water because the main train operator in scotland - [ abellio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abellio_scotrail ) - is the dutch public train company . 
  british rail was awful , but it was awful because it was british rail , not because it was publicly owned . 
  many public train companies in europe are excellent . 
  but we are * very * eea minded . 
  i actually think that efta would be better for us , at least for the first ten years of independence . 
  we have to do things that the eu rules might not let us do - like nationalise industries that the tory misrule have left completely unbalanced .
