this is n't really new . 
  i have to rely on my dad here , but apparently there was a craze in the nineties when the swedish navy saw subs everywhere . 
  there was , maybe , cause for it because one of them ran aground in the 1980s . 
  yeah , i went to listen to tommy sheridan when he was passing through . 
  ssp is n't big , but he 's a good speaker . 
  though ssp has n't splintered this week . 
  so , that 's something . 
   patrick harvie is decent too . 
  i 'm a green , not a nat , but i 'm going to put a yes on that ballot . 
  everything from wellies to mobile phone networks . 
  we 're used to it . 
  either we 're unrepentent benefit scroungers . 
  or we usurp the southern taxpayers . 
  or we 're greedy fucks that only think about oil . 
  or we 're sort of weird-toothed funny speaking jokes on the telly . 
  but they love us , truly . 
  nokia still exists . 
  the article is wrong . 
  nokia only sold the mobile phone division . 
  nokia itself is a huge conglomerate with lots of parts . 
  he will get the job of moving the euro transactions to any of the eurozone capitals . 
  that 's what i would do if i were juncker . 
  if scotland leaves the uk , which i am working my damndest to insure , then we 'll be in the eu . 
  but we wo n't be in the eurozone , and that makes all the difference . 
  eu will probably take home the euro-handling from london . 
  it makes no sense to have 60 per cent of euro transactions in a country so hostile to the euro , and to the eu . 
  but scotland will do a sweden . 
  we wo n't sign up to erm ii . 
  so , we wo n't ever be in the euro . 
  and yes , signing up to the erm ii is voluntary . 
  here 's the thing though . 
  i 'm fairly convinced that the united kingdom is going to break up in the next 5-15 years . 
  the referendum we had here in scotland did n't end the fracturing , as it was supposed to . 
  it legitimised the idea of independence for scotland for a large segment of the population , nearly half . 
  this shows in that the `` winners '' of the referendum have all surged in to try to talk about scotland 's constitutional future - ie they 're all now playing on the nationalists ' ballcourt , and the nationalists have home advantage . 
  in the wider uk we simply do n't have the quality of leadership needed to engineer a more sustainable footing for the union . 
  as one of the arch-unionist writers in the uk , alex massie of the spectator wrote , the quality of leadership is exclusively on the nationalist side . 
  sturgeon , salmond , hosie , et al , simply runs rings around the hapless leaders in westminster . 
  i think this is true . 
  so , i do n't really think it matters much what the uk wants out of europe , and what it wants to do in it . 
  the uk as a unified state probably does n't have long left to live , and when the split happens the constituent parts of the countries will bounce around politically in regards to the eu with scotland being more pro-eu and england being even * more * anti-eu . 
  wales will be caught in the middle , and i honestly think wales will be propelled toward independence itself . 
  it will just take maybe 25-30 years , and not just 5-15 . 
  yes , and the answer to deficits is to savage both aggregate demand and supply at the same time . 
  it is the financial position of `` we can only service our debt level by reducing our income !, 
  whisk * e * y is that irish swill xd, 
   yeah but will it really ? 
  if spain does not want to let catalonia go they wont and in reality who is going to recognise catalonia if it declares unilaterally ? 
  probably nobody in the eu , probably only countries that can not really do anything to help catalonia economically or politically . 
  are they going to send in tanks ? 
  that will look good on the news . 
  from some ( most ? ), 
  of us in scotland , congratulations to catalonia . 
  we 'll join you in a few years time . 
  we 'll have a big party . 
  you provide the food ( because we only have haggis ) and we 'll provide the drinks . 
  this is totally wrong . 
  deep fried pizza is awesome !, 
   the reason for sd to have a bad reputation in the nordic region is that the media in sweden is very left-leaning bullshit . 
  sd comes out of `` bevara sverige svenskt '' , a neo-nazi or at least neo-nazi-leaning organisation in the 1980-1990s . 
  http://www.voxeurop.eu/files/chappatte_uk.jpg oy , frenchies , we want our new anthem back . 
  we 're going to need it . 
  actually , it 's in the wrong sub . 
  was supposed to put this in / r/scotland . 
  context and everything would be clearer there . 
   if you live in sweden , nothing about you can look or feel non-swedish . 
  borg-like assimilation is not integration . 
  its creepy . 
  * people are n't used to my accent , so each time i go to sweden ( my mother is from gothenburg ) there 's always this pause before people decide if i 'm a horrid immigrant or some more acceptable foreigner like a yank or an englishman *, 
  just wait until we start to sell this at your nearest supermarket . 
  you think deep fried mars-bars are special ? 
  just wait until you get a hold of a munch box or a deep fried pizza . 
  same with me , really . 
  though , my swedish is quite rusty . 
  i keep having to think of substitution words in english . 
  i read danish fine , but have trouble with spoken danish . 
   also i think all studies points towards danes being better at swedish than swedes at danish . 
  true . 
  there 's the joke saying that danes speak `` with a hot potato in their mouths '' , but danish * sounds * so different so that one needs a transition period to attune the ear to danish . 
  amputations are messy . 
  i 'm not sure if i , if i wanted to be shot of the english , should cut off my legs or my arms . 
  or maybe my head and neck . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm part english . 
  i 've lived in england . 
  in fact , i probably sound more english than scottish . 
  i do n't want to be shot of the english . 
  i do want to be shot of the westminster system of government which , as you may know , was run by scots before the last coalition . 
  the kurds are the people who are winning the war against isis on the ground in syria and iraq . 
  nato should just slap turkey down ; promise the kurds a homeland in northern iraq and promise international recognition , if they help defeat the scourge . 
  the kurds are also , compared to the other groups fighting there , like al nusra and the free syrian army , positively saintly . 
  it might stick in obama 's and cameron 's throat to support socialists though . 
  he does n't call for a new referendum . 
  he says a new referendum is inevitable , and it is . 
  it wo n't happen in this session of parliament though - unless england votes to leave the eu and scotland votes to stay . 
  the snp are far from stupid , and they know they do n't have the numbers - yet . 
  just a typo on my part . 
  the riots were in 2011 . 
   you 'd honestly never see this kind of shit in the uk heh . 
  when i came back to the uk in 2010 , we spent the first month down south .
