   accompanied by brown sauce barbaric heathen . 
  that 's it , i 'm voting tory !, 
  * only joking , please do n't shoot me *, 
  hey , germans , now is your chance to get rid of more used water cannons for a price which will be outrageously over the top . 
  he 's cherry picking . 
  just as much as wings is cherry picking . 
  a nation 's economy is a compex , diffuse thing that does n't transfer well to sloganeering . 
  either for the scotsnat side or the britnat side . 
  we 'll raise the same amount of taxes in indy . 
  we 'll spend the same amount . 
  what remains is a to balance tax raising with spending . 
  we 'll do that better at holyrood than at westminster . 
  the rest is partisan bickering . 
  the problem is , kevin hague is as partisan as wingsoverscotland , but on the other side . 
  i 'm not snp . 
  i do n't care what they say . 
  scotland is n't broke - except in the partisan view of britnats . 
  sure , there will be a transition . 
  sure , it will take work . 
  but it 's for the best . 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  barnett formula is simply : we pay taxes to central government . 
  we get a % of total uk taxes sent to holyrood . 
  sometimes we pay in more than what we get back . 
  sometimes we get more back than we pay in . 
  like in every other union with fiscal transfers . 
  this is why scotland needs to leave the uk . 
  there 's no solidarity between the countries . 
  when we paid more in that we got back , nats complained about ` scotland being robbed ' . 
  when one of our key industries fall apart , and we need to use the fiscal transfers we 've funded for 300 years , we get english folk complaining about subsidies . 
  uk is dead . 
  it 's been that way for decades . 
  time to wrap it up . 
  maybe then we can go to having cordial relations . 
   where are you going to get the cuts from capital gains taxes in scotland for some curious reason only yield 0.6 % of the total tax revenue , while across the uk it yields 5.4 % . 
  if capital gains were sourced at an equal rate in scotland as in the rest of the uk , it would mean an increase in revenue of # 1.9 bn . 
  there 's a curious gap in gdp to tax revenue that nobody can explain . 
  the tax revenue as a percentage of gdp in scotland is 34.6 % , while for the rest of the uk it 's 39 % . 
  that has nothing to do with spending or tax raising . 
  scottish tax is not very different from uk tax . 
  the most likely explanation for this gap is that taxes which should end up on scotland 's balance sheet does n't . 
  see capital gains for an indicator of this . 
  if scotland the tax revenue of scotland compared to gdp was the same as for the rest of the uk , it would mean an additional # 7.5 bn per annum . 
  the estimated ` deficit ' for scotland is # 9.7 bn . 
  the remaining # 2.2 bn makes up 4.1 % of gdp . 
  even if the tax revenue as a percentage of gdp remains largely unchanged at independence , over a ten year period using a combination of tax rises , productivity improvements , and growth boosting measures , it 's fairly easy to get within that 3 % without withering cuts . 
  the international markets are n't so fussed about debt levels - or uk would have been fucked already . 
  what they 're interested in is a ) a country has a competent leadership , b ) that a country has a credible economic plan , and c ) that a country is stable . 
  scotland fulfills all of those criteria . 
  well , yes , because they 're a liberal paper . 
  not a leftist one . 
  they may allow monbiot and owen jones to write the odd column , but they 're david laws and nick clegg liberals . 
  that is a dangerous path . 
  the reason labour is in such a state as it 's in is because of this . 
  it 's the same all over europe . 
  social democrat parties who embraced the third way of triangulation and that are shrinking fast . 
  one has to give the tories credit for one thing : they 're ruthless in pivoting to positions they feel can increase their votes . 
  as a lefty , that 's something i , to be frank , admire them for - and curse them for . 
  i 'm against all they stand for , but boy do they pirouette fast when they need to . 
  basically , the gist of this research paper is that scotland 's economy has been tossed up into the air , and none of the old assumptions work anymore . 
  we 'll have to rethink everything from scratch , regardless of whether we become independent or not . 
  which is a reason to become independent and stay in the eu , because that 's actually the status quo option . 
  or the most status quo option in a situation where the economy has been tossed up into the air and everything has to be rethought ... 
   i sympathize with those people i too have a lot of sympathy for these people . 
  that is why i 'll never do what others have done and call them stupid , or racist , or deluded . 
  with the voting system we have , they have effectively been defranchised from democracy for decades . 
  their local communities have been stripped of people , or purpose , of assets . 
  you have metropolitan lefties who , when they complain , call them ` chavs ' or tell them to quit watching jeremy kyle and work harder . 
  even though they probably work harder than anyone without getting anywhere . 
  at the same time , the party that 's supposed to work for them have barred them from selecting their own local people . 
  central office will parachute in some special advisor from somewhere to fill the seat for loyalty to the party . 
  their schools have been centralised into huge units to save costs . 
  their councils have been gutted to pay for tax breaks . 
  the same councils have been forbidden from raising taxes to cover the shortfall . 
  their jobs have gone . 
  their industries have gone . 
  their local communities have been decimated . 
  there 's no future that does n't involve moving south . 
  then throw into the mix a decades long campaign to blame everything on the european union . 
  billionair tax dodgers fill the air-waves with propaganda about who is to blame for things being like this . 
  and the bbc is too cowardly to call the private press out on it , for fear of being gutted by the westminster politicians . 
  yeah , i have a lot of sympathy for these folks . 
  that does n't mean that they have n't harmed themselves awfully by this vote . 
  they have . 
   in the past week i 've begun german classes , though i 've been told i do n't need it to actually do business in germany , the downside to not known the local language of the country one is active in is that you do n't understand what 's going on when your customers and competitors are talking to each other in that local language at the social functions or at meetings . 
  a unilateral declaration of independence would make scotland the kosovo of the north . 
  when it comes to the telegraph , it 's important to know that they are * rabidly * anti-independence for scotland . 
  in fact , the then scottish editor alan cochrane is described thus here : http://bellacaledonia.org.uk/2015/04/05/false-memos-and-french-farce/  writer and journalist ian fraser , he of the excellent shredded : inside rbs , reminds us how the telegraph 's scottish editor , alan cochrane , viewed his role during the referendum . 
  cochrane 's diary of april 15 2014 reads , after alistair darling asked him to spike an unhelpful column : ** `` jenny said i should do what darling asks . 
  it 's not really very good journalism but what the hell does journalism matter . 
  this is much more important . '' ** when it comes to news about scotland , * everything * will be written through the prism i 've bolded in the above quote . 
   the only way this can work for scotland is if both scotland and the uk get exemption from freedom of movement we do n't want that exemption . 
  we 're losing people . 
  we want immigrants . 
  freedom of movement is in no way , shape , or form an issue up here . 
  the uk says it wants free trade with the eu . 
  great . 
  that will include scotland . 
  if it does n't want free trade with the eu , then it will follow up a shot-foot with a shotgun in the mouth , and trade will collapse anyway . 
  we 'd rather not be pulled down with you .
