  the size of the grant is determined by actions outside our control , and by political considerations outside our control . 
  considerations such as , for instance , westminster decisions about funding of the nhs in england and wales . 
  you can only accuse us of running a deficit is we have full control of our revenue raising . 
  which we do n't have , and which we wo n't have - unless we get ffa or independence . 
   it 's not about exports of oil , it 's about revenue . 
  `` john swinney promised scots oil revenues of # 8 billion in the year we would have left the uk . 
  the reality is that they will be just # 130 million . '', 
  i said 70 billion , i meant just 7 though , woops . 
  * if * we were to structure our oil industry regulations exactly the same way as westminster does in a future independent scotland , then you might have a point . 
  however , 100 % of tax generated from a barrel of oil costing $ 50 is far better than 8 % of the tax generated . 
  but this serves to illustrate the point . 
  we wo n't do things the same way as westminster . 
  we will do things differently . 
  and with full control of our revenue raising , coupled with the fact that the fear of tax flight in one country with differing tax rates will be less if there 's no automatic residency rights in england after brexit . 
   leave does want free trade . 
  i 'm saying that scotland wants to leave a union with the uk to trade with the eu , which is far less important for trade . 
  the uk would buy far less stuff if there were tariffs , but the best case scenario is that there 's no change in how much you sell to the ruk , worse case is a big downward change . 
  bit of a risk . 
  well , the ruk is entering into a period where its ability to consume things is going to be falling anyway . 
  staying with the uk is taking a leap into the dark . 
  staying in the eu is maintaining the status quo better than staying with the uk . 
   they still ca n't keep the pound , and would be a net contributor of # 1.5 billion to the eu with a deficit on 10 % . 
  this is n't 2014 . 
  the ruk has just gone into the shed with a shotgun , shot its foot , and is now reloading to shoot the other one . 
   oil is barely pulling in any money , and the snp claimed they 'd get over # 70billion from it . 
  of fish food industry was twice the size of our oil industry in 2014 . 
  petroleum products is only the third or fourth largest export . 
   two thirds of scottish trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  economically , it 's still better to be in the uk for scotland . 
  are you saying that ruk will stop trading with the european union ? 
  i thought leave wanted free trade with the block . 
  if so , then that means you 'll still buy our stuff . 
  yes it has . 
  we 're basically getting powers over road-signs , after that stupid vow promised us the moon and the stars and all that 's between them . 
  okay , some minimal tax powers as well - over income tax , which is incredibly blunt because they can be easily avoided and foster resentments . 
  there is a subtle difference between the coming indyref and the one in 2014 . 
  in 2014 we were asked to take a leap . 
  this time we 'll be asked to preserve the status quo . 
  in 2014 nearly every newspaper , company , etc wanted to maintain stability . 
  this time , the stability resides with remaining in the eu . 
  most of our exports to to england , wales , and northern ireland . 
  about 20 % , if i remember the numbers correctly , goes to the eu . 
  staying in the uk means we get a 20 per cent export cut . 
  staying in the eu means that our ruk exports go on , only affected by how much england/wales can afford . 
  they are , after all , saying they want to trade with the eu as much as possible . 
  that would include us then . 
  so , this time , the roles are reversed . 
  the status quo lies with independence and eu membership . 
  that 's why the polls are so massively in favour of independence this time . 
   i ca n't to link to the daily mail because it 's banned here ( for good reason ) and i would n't normally want to as it 's among the worst offenders in this game of misinforming the public . 
  the curse of the british press is this : it 's in a language everyone speaks . 
  it is the absolutely worst press in the western world . 
  the newspapers are owned by billionaires in tax havens who push their own political agenda , and sacrifice news to do it . 
  even the guardian is domeciled in a tax haven , even if they do n't actually have a billionaire owner . 
  but you get my drift . 
  bbc is supposed to counter the private press with balance and neutrality , but what it actually does is to follow the lead of the private press . 
  it does n't do much investigation on its own . 
  these days it 's tv sofas and talking heads , and they talk about what 's written in the billionaires ' newspapers . 
  no we wo n't . 
  most of our fish is grown . 
  also , british fisheries has a habit of hoovering up everything with a gill for short-term profit . 
  and we 're not going to sacrifice our aerospace industry , our shipbuilding , our electronics industry , and our service sectors so that scottish fisherman can destroy the habitats in the atlantic . 
  our fisheries industry is actually twice the size of our oil industry . 
  scottish salmon for the win . 
  ( * saying this to a norwegian * )  petroleum products is only our third biggest export . 
  true . 
  byzantium is the name given to that land in the 19th century by a german historian hieronomys wolfe . 
  i seem to remember that they themselves called it the ` kingdom of the romans ' . 
  it was the extension of the roman empire into the middle ages . 
   while the spanish government - fearing a precedent that could apply to catalonia - would have put up strong resistance against an independent scotland being considered a `` remaining entity '' that could retain eu membership against the ruk 's wishes , it has no reason to fundamentally oppose this possibility as long as it required unanimous agreement by the remaing member states . 
  spain has no problem with us joining if our process for independence is * consitutional * . 
   spanish foreign minister jose manuel garcia-margallo  `` if in the uk both parties agree that this is consistent with their constitutional order , written or unwritten , spain would have nothing to say , just that this does not affect us . 
   `` no one would object to a consented independence of scotland . '', 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/304495/spain-will-not-veto-an-independent-scotland-joining-eu if the spanish elections make unidos podemos 2nd party with psoe as a junior coalition party , instead of pp as it is now , then it will be even less of a problem . 
  no , we would have to rerun the independence referendum and have a constitutionally accepted exit from the uk . 
  i expect that to happen after an article 50 notification , and right before the rest of the uk leaves after two years . 
  edit : without a contitutionally accepted exit , spain would veto our membership due to its problems with catalonia . 
  in fact , if we were to unilaterally declare independence , nobody in the eu would recognise our independence . 
  so , we have to exit the uk on constitutional grounds . 
  what happens on friday if there 's a leave vote is that the scottish parliament will contact the european union and inform them that we do n't want to leave , and that we intend to run the independence referendum again . 
  only if there 's a yes-vote in that one will there be a process to rejoin the eu . 
  that said , it will be a very quick process because we already fulfill the acquis . 
  we also have things the european union desperately want : fishing grounds and oil and gas . 
  without those , the european union loses its most productive fishing grounds , and become even more dependent on russian oil and gas . 
   when it 's scotland it 's `` oh i 'm sure the eu will be flexible about things '' . 
  we have n't pissed on every other european nation , saying they 've forced a yoke of tyranny upon us all . 
  we 're not telling germans they 're nazis who are trying to do what their great-great-grandparents failed to do in the early 20th century . 
  we 're not telling the french they 're cheeze eating surrender monkeys . 
  vive l'auld alliance !, 
  we 're not telling the spanish that they 're lazy scroungers , at the same time as we reinvent a new word for british immigrants to spain so that they 're no longer ` immigrants ' . 
   we 've not done that because our voice stops at the border , and we 've not done that because until now scotland has been happy to be in the uk . 
  we had a vote about it two years ago . 
  but if there 's leave on friday , that stops . 
  we 'll talk to people ourselves . 
  here , but no further . 
   however , there is an argument to be made that the uk would n't be stuck under a conservative government , therefore a eu referendum would never have happened , if you scots had stuck to labour . 
  you have to understand - the scottish labour party fucked us over more directly than the tories ever will . 
  life expectancy in certain parts of glasgow , for instance , is 54 years old . 
  that 's labour land . 
  labour did fuck all under the 30 years of support we gave them .
