  during a portion of that time , i was banned from going into london ( even though it was only 40 minutes away by train ) . 
  i was grounded in the town we were in because many people had decided to set fire to the city and loot it . 
  i was 15 at the time though . 
  you 're wrong there . 
  * everybody * knows where this is heading . 
  but the northern politicians , and their electorates , are either sociopaths who do n't care that they 're introducing starvation into a european union member in 2015 , or they 're grossly incompetent . 
  if it 's the latter , then i guess we 'll be back here in 2 years still blaming the greeks when their debt has swollen to a trillion euros . 
  you 'll pay more , a * lot * more if you do n't offer debt relief . 
  can we get that in writing , please ? 
  the irony ... 
  it burns . 
   why did n't they pass a law to make people pay taxes ? 
  germany and the nordics * also * demand that greece cuts down on public service employees . 
  ie tax collectors . 
  one can not square : `` you must shrink your public sector , or else ! '', 
  with `` you must employ more tax collectors , or else ! '', 
  but maybe sch\u00e4uble and stubb knows a guy who knows a guy who this can be outsourced to ... 
  let 's dance fake american greek folk music with zorba 's dance . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2azphvlwfum, 
   the more i realize how powerful the eu is the more i 'm against it on principle . 
  well , the ez did the same to ireland . 
  threatened to pull the plug on its banks . 
  it was just that it was n't public , like it is with greece . 
  your leaders just quietly hid away in the back-rooms with the shame . 
  things do n't live in perfect isolation of each other . 
  this whole shambles is an existential threat to the eurozone , to the eu , and to nato . 
  all the pan-european institutions are at risk . 
   no if worst comes to worse we will help for sure . 
  you will do no such thing . 
  despite all the empirical evidence that the current program is an abysmal failure , your politicians ignored that evidence for home turf advantages . 
  when this comes back later , with greece further into the economic death spiral , the people who will be blamed are the greeks , and no help will come . 
  well , maybe unless if they dismantle the parthenon and reassemble it in sch\u00e4uble 's garden or something . 
  then they can get a new program which will further push them into the death spiral . 
  but help ? 
  there will be no help . 
  so , we 're going to be asked to support this assault on the sovereignty of a member country ? 
  how about the eu fucks right off . 
  back in the referendum , they wheeled out barroso to say that scotland would n't become a member on independence . 
  back then , lots of people were really angry . 
  right now , that kind of pronouncement would probably be met with a shrug . 
  when we become independent , i 'll work to make sure we never join that club . 
  congratulations , you 've turned a committed federalist into a eurosceptic . 
  and i 'm not alone . 
  hell , if i was in tsipras shoes , i 'd be writing the resignation letter to the eu and to nato at this point . 
  do n't you know how this works by now ? 
  if you bring the actual numbers , the people who hate syriza will talk about morals . 
  if you talk about the morals of starving a population in europe in 2015 , they 'll talk about the same discredited numbers that made you bring the actual numbers the last time . 
  then when you contradict them , they 'll go back to talk about morals arising from the discredited numbers they waved about last time . 
  this is not about numbers or morals . 
  they just want to kill syriza , and they do n't care if whole generations of greeks die homeless in the street it that will accomplish it . 
   what i do n't get is what syriza actually accomplished . 
  troika offer from before the referendum : 4 months + then reassessment of grexit . 
  so , we 'd be back here in autumn again for a new fresh round of drama . 
  this offer : 3 years phased in austerity ( which still wo n't work because it will be contractionary and recessionary as previously ) and debt relief . 
  i 'd say that 's a lot . 
  also , now they 've divided the creditors . 
  france has sided with greece , threatening the franco-german alliance . 
  germany will have to factor this into any decision . 
  also , the imf and the us are on tsipras side now . 
   is tsipras afraid of taking the final step and leaving the euro ? 
  i ca n't imagine how it would be any worse than the way things are . 
  not having any currency at all for more than a year is a pretty good reason to hang on . 
  it will take a long time to create a new drachma and disperse it . 
  yeah , i 'm in scotland - on of the most pro-eu parts of the uk , and i used to be pro-eu . 
  these days , i 'm starting to think that victoria nuland had it right when she said `` fuck the eu '' . 
   so powerful has this fantasy become , it is now driving german policy ( and policy in a few other countries as well ) in totally irrational ways . 
  in particular , germany refuses to discuss debt relief with greece , yet seems quite happy to see greece leave the eurozone , the inevitable consequence of which would be that greece would obtain much greater debt relief through default . 
  talk about cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  what is driving germany 's desperate need to rid itself of the greek problem ? 
  i saw a figure somewhere : helping greece , according to the imf figures would cost $ 120 bn or so . 
  allowing grexit would cost over $ 240 bn . 
  so he may have a point there . 
   one possible answer is that germany finds the truth about greece too upsetting , too challenging . 
  this is because since 2010 greece has done most of what the troika asked of it . 
  in particular , changes in its government 's underlying primary budget balance ( i.e. 
  the degree of austerity enacted ) have been greater , by a long distance , than any other european economy . 
  for many outside germany what has happened to greece as a result is hardly surprising : austerity is contractionary , and austerity on steroids is ruinous . 
  yet germany is a country where the ideas of keynes , and therefore mainstream macroeconomics in the rest of the world , are considered profoundly wrong and are described as ` anglo-saxon economics ' . 
  greece then becomes a kind of experiment to see which is right : the german view , or ` anglo-saxon economics ' . 
  i think the hardliners in the ez have painted itself into a corner . 
  they are as trapped as tsipras . 
  they 'll destroy the union to save it because they 're incapable of changing track . 
  to tell the truth now would be disastrous , personally , for the culprits . 
  the eu will be smashed because small men and small women in suits ca n't admit they 've been wrong . 
  sad . 
  you did n't include disparaging remarks about the greeks , analogies about household budgets with a moral requirement casting a shadow on the southern members , and you failed to point out that tsipras has failed to take responsibility for all the things that was n't done under papandreo , samaras , and so on . 
  you just posted an expert view of macroeconomics . 
  https://twitter.com/paulmasonnews/status/618537305721208832 i 'm hearing from several sources now that the us is basically shouting down the phones to make germany stop and think . 
   the way we see it is why should people in london dictate the lives of people on the other side of the world . 
  depends if you 're guided by the declarations of the rights of man , which i think underpins a lot of french law . 
  i 'm not too sure , so i think someone who is french will have to confirm or deny this . 
  i think it 's an equivalent of the us constitution . 
  if so , then the french government does not have the leeway to `` decide how people are to be ruled '' . 
  it 's either full rights as citizens of the republic , or not . 
   nouvelle caledonie long live the auld alliance !, 
  it 's even worse than that . 
  i 've replied to the wrong poster . 
  and i 'm not even drunk . 
  sorry , but that 's simply not true . 
  scotland may be the most pro-eu part of the uk , in part because brussels offers a fulcrum against the power of london and the south east .
