   russia is lead by a group of extremely powerful individuals who are clearly opposed to western democratic societies . 
  russia is led by a group of extremely wealthy oligarchs whom putin tries to balance , and those oligarchs are n't going to want to die for the rodina . 
  it 's bad for their wealth . 
  directive 16/17/ec the commission has issued a directive banning bendy cattle and too high-wattage castles , so europe now has to dismantle them all to meet its renewable energy targets . 
  i like that we have the emo cows . 
  france is in south america . 
  the eu already has a bridgehead on the continent . 
  it 's like a whole forgotten chunk of south america that 's as much france as metropolitan paris , but which everyone forgets about until there 's something about ariane in the papers . 
  now , i live in edinburgh , but someone had already posted a picture of the castle here . 
  so , i decided to post this one from stirling . 
  stirling is `` home '' because it 's the place i 've lived in longest while i 've been in scotland . 
  lived there from age 15 to 19 . 
  usually one sees the castle from [ this angle though ] ( http://www.scotlinetours.co.uk/uploads/tour_picture/image/5232091d1d924e40c9000025/large_6-scotline_tours-stirling_castle-scotland-stirlig_castle_tour.jpg ) . 
  pasta with ketchup is literally called pasta rosso around here . 
  since we 're doing this thing ... 
  while i 'm scottish , i 'll be going to m\u00f6lndal soon ( tm ) and it 's not too far from this place . 
  rather this than showing another picture of edinburgh castle :d, 
  that 's not progressive , though . 
  that 's a * christian * thing , at least with her . 
  she 's not very progressive . 
  actually , the thing about her is that she 's really nothing ideologically . 
  she does n't appear to have a core ideology , and will take from all other parties . 
  she will however also keep a close tab on german public mood . 
  merkel is an * ossie * , east german . 
  there was a very [ good bio of her in the new yorker in 2014 ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/12/01/quiet-german ) . 
   among german leaders , merkel is a triple anomaly : a woman ( divorced , remarried , no children ) , a scientist ( quantum chemistry ) , and an ossi ( a product of east germany ) . 
  these qualities , though making her an outsider in german politics , also helped to propel her extraordinary rise . 
  yet some observers , attempting to explain her success , look everywhere but to merkel herself . 
  `` there are some who say what should not be ca n't really exist -- that a woman from east germany , who does n't have the typical qualities a politician should have , should n't be in this position , '' g\u00f6ring-eckardt , another woman from east germany , said . 
  `` they do n't want to say she 's just a very good politician . '' throughout her career , merkel has made older and more powerful politicians , almost all of them men , pay a high price for underestimating her . 
   i 've read some disturbing things about how strict their party discipline is . 
  the snp has always been met with unbelievable amounts of venom from both the previous hegemonic party , labour , and the press . 
  it 's kind of natural that they 've developed a bunker mentality , and an iron discipline . 
  there 's something called the bain principle that 's still at work , and which is really crippling the remnants of scottish labour . 
  what it is that labour will oppose * any * policy , no matter how good , if it comes from the snp . 
  i guess it kind of worked when the roles were reversed , and the snp was the smaller party , and labour took 2/3 of the seats , but it 's destroying them now . 
  you only need to get together with a bunch of drunk australians and ask what they think about ` the poms ' to get an earful of answers to that question . 
  nobody thought there would be a conservative majority in the uk in 2014 . 
  everyone thought ed miliband would be the new pm . 
  sort of like how everybody knew hillary clinton would be the next president . 
  it was taken as * a given * . 
  the only reason david cameron put that referendum commitment in the 2015 manifesto was to placate the `` bastards '' of his party . 
  even he thought there would be another coalition government , during which - if he came out reasonably on top to lead it - the commitment could be bargained away . 
  this meme that everyone knew about the referendum is just post-fact reconstruction of the mood and situation in 2014 . 
  the polls are pretty fixed at slightly less than half wanting independence , and slightly more than half wanting to remain in the uk . 
  but as we saw in the last referendum , support for the uk is [ largely transactional in scotland ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/20/scottish-independence-lord-ashcroft-poll ) . 
  there 's no great fondness for the union . 
  about 70 per cent of the population want full fiscal autonomy , for instance . 
  no , they have n't . 
  spain has said that they would block scottish membership if we did [ like kosovo ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2016/07/04/brexit-and-spain-would-the-spanish-government-really-block-scotlands-eu-membership/ ) and declared unitelaterally for independence , and did n't follow the uk constitutional order . 
   in reality , the chances of a spanish veto in 2014 , though not impossible , remained unlikely . 
  those making the argument above often pointed to the refusal of the spanish government to recognise kosovo as an independent state . 
  however , the position of kosovo was fundamentally different from that of scotland : whereas a referendum had been agreed between the governments of scotland and the uk ; kosovo declared independence unilaterally . 
  it is difficult to square that factoid with spanish * action * with other states which have recently become independent , and who are now full eu members . 
  in effect , it 's deceitful . 
  it is in reality a very tedious and at the same time necessary charade . 
  the scottish government will go through the motions of trying to square the circle of `` staying in the uk ( from vote in 2014 ) '' to `` staying in the eu ( from vote in 2016 ) . 
  this until these proposals are inevetably shut down either by the uk or the eu , and then we have another independence referendum . 
  probably next year . 
  this irish tribe had realised in earlier centuries that the real estate on the other side of the irish sea was pretty good and moved there in numbers , and created the kingdom of dal riata in county antrim and argyll . 
  it is significant because the inhabitants of the dal riata were called scoti in latin , or scots . 
  of course , the scoti were n't alone . 
  surrounding them were the picts . 
  who has some issues with the newcomers , but not so much that the picts did n't assimilate the scoti eventually . 
  [ byzantium was literally the roman empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_empire ) . 
  just because it fell in the west earlier does n't mean it did n't live on . 
  it did . 
  the word ` byzantium ' is a word coined in the 19th century in germany , and was used to describe the entity after heraclius and theodosius reforms . 
   in america we believe these are inalienable human rights . 
  up until the 1960s the united states was an apartheid state much along the lines of south africa during the 1980s . 
  the constitution you hold up was ` interpreted ' to allow human beings to be sidelined into ghettoes and into special categories that allowed for the law to deny them ` life , liberty , and happiness ' . 
  that was n't a one-off occurrence . 
  during the second world war , the us , despite the constitution that allows for all that nice stuff on paper , interned all of the japanese into concentration camps . 
  and now , you yanks have elected a buffoon who has no respect for your constitution , and who will put some clown on the supreme court to interpret it so that once again black people , gay people , muslims , and native americans will be lesser humans who can be specially proscribed in law . 
  after the 20th century , i think europeans know that all of this is bullshit . 
  laws do n't protect people . 
  laws do n't magically create protections for people . 
  laws can be interpreted to mean horrific things , even when the words on the books are neutral and bland . 
  but i think we 've forgotten now . 
  in twenty years , the second world war will be as distant as the boer war or the opium wars . 
  that 's why austria came within a whisker of electing another fascist president , and that 's why vichy france is seeing a resurgence with marine le pen . 
  i worry about the future , but i 'm not going to believe that laws protect anyone . 
  what 's needed is a societal zeitgeist that favour good interpretation of laws . 
  it 's not ` the guardian ' trying to understand . 
  it 's this journalist . 
  he 's done this kind of stuff for years now . 
  from the scottish independence referendum , to the general election last year , and now the brexit referendum . 
  i think he 's one of the best journalists out there because he goes out to talk to the people who vote , rather than snowball theories with other pundits in london 's tv sofas . 
  this is outrageous . 
  how dare you out-deepfry-pizzify things ? 
  that 's * our * job , you food culture appropriator you . 
  i prefer what someone i follow on twitter called her - marine le petain . 
  we can paint our faces blue again , wear skirts , and show our arses in your direction , while shouting ` freedom ' in an australian accent ? 
  vive l'auld alliance !, 
  i do n't know . 
  did n't see that until it was too late . 
  i just used the auto-title function , and it came up that way . 
  we * ca n't * join the euro - we do n't have our own currency , except for the bills london cabbies refuse to accept . 
  we need to create currency , use it for a number of yesrs , and then sign up to erm ii . 
  * exhausted * better to never join erm ii ,
