  i know his academic credentials . 
  what are yours ? 
  yeah , academic economists are pretty united in their view about austerity . 
  while academic economists have their biases , their livelihoods do n't generally depend on pushing a specific policy - unlike the economists attached to think tanks , ngos , political parties , and corporate lobby groups . 
  the consensus is against austerity . 
  this article is just one example of many about that . 
  if you 're bound by a contract that says a ) you ca n't simultaneously work work anyone else , and b ) you 're not guaranteed any hours , and c ) you 'll count as employed , you can earn # 10000 per hour and have to go to a food bank if you never get any hours . 
  it is phoney employment to a large degree with falling wages for most people , exploitative contracts that bind you to sit by the phone and not work for others while not being guaranteed hours . 
  austerity does n't work . 
  it never did . 
  though one can cook the books to pretend that it does . 
   but that 's simply not how international relationships work . 
  you do n't just fuck over a massive trading partner because they 're not in the eu , because there 's reciprocal value to the relationship . 
  lol . 
  what have the line been on spying against partners in the eu ? 
  `` sorry , but if we have to choose between the anglosphere and you in the eu , we 'll chose the anglosphere '' . 
  putin suddenly suffered an accidental intrusion by a foreign object in his back , a foreign object which just accidentally looks exactly like a 7.62 mm round on x-ray ? 
  so this is a proxy-cold war between the nordics and the usa ? 
  admit it , sweden . 
  putin is your puppet , is n't he ? 
  he is a ` k\u00e4rrg\u00e5rd ' automatron made in the secret labs under ikea . 
  i think people generally do n't know what breitbart is over here . 
  i know i had no idea until i visited the place , and it felt like the guido fawkes blog , but with extra insanity . 
  well , the * academic * economists have been in quite a consensus for a while that the current ez model is terribly broken . 
  it 's only economists attached to political parties , think tanks , and ngos that push the ` austerity must continue ' . 
  if you have as divergent macro economists as lewis-wren , piketty , krugman , etc saying the same thing , then maybe it 's time for the political elites to listen . 
  alas , austerity is an ideological choice , and has little to do with facts . 
  i fully expect the neoliberal economists to drive us all off the cliff and then try to blame it on not being tough enough . 
  or blame government waste . 
  i mean , sometimes i think it 's a deliberate plan to first `` starve the beast '' of funds , then when government services cease to function well because of lack of funds it becomes easy to criticise the very existence of those services , where the poor functioning is criticised as being inherent in government itself . 
  i think that is actually code . 
  it is signalling the overthrow of the russians , * and it was made decades ago * !, 
  i think the swedes have invented time travel , have gone back in time to plant subliminal messaging in abba songs , and are now reaping the fruits in ukraine . 
  charles parnell comes up a lot these days , yes . 
  neither the conservatives nor the labour party can achieve a majority on their own , so it looks like snp will hold the balance of power in westminster after the election in may . 
  which will lead to interesting times . 
  as a scot , there 's not a day that goes by where i do n't ruefully chuckle to myself and remember that many of the brexiters who claim `` project fear '' used to scoff at the very notion during our independence campaign . 
  what ? 
  next you 'll be saying he should go to jail , that the whole board should go to jail , that the engineers should go to jail . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  jail is for * serious * crime like shoplifting or smoking a joint . 
  defrauding millions of car buyers of billions of pounds is nowhere near as serious . 
   volkswagen has maintained that only a small number of engineers knew about the emissions-cheating software that has been found on volkswagen , audi , and porsche diesel vehicles . 
  the company has said that martin winterkorn , the ceo of volkswagen group when then scandal broke , did not know that any illegal software existed on us cars . 
  winterkorn stepped down from his position shortly after the news of the company 's wrongdoing broke . 
   if executives were aware that their cars had emissions system cheating software on them before the us environmental protection agency ( epa ) notified the company that it was in violation of federal rules , volkswagen group could face harsher fines and penalties for failing to disclose to shareholders issues that could materially affect the company 's stock price . 
  i 'm aware of that , but a udi will still mean that no other country , and no other international organisation , is likely to recognise the independence of catalonia . 
  most likely it will end up being the kosovo of iberia . 
  i am a scottish independence supporter , but i really do n't understand the catalonians independence movement . 
  now , i share the view that the people of catalonia has the right to choose whether they 're a part of spain or not , but the whole idea of a unilateral declaration of independence that the independistas seem to be talking about is incredibly damaging . 
  we have some nutters who say that we scots should do that too , but we know that no international body and no other nations would recognise a unilaterally declared state . 
  we * have * to go the long route through referendums , cooperation with london , etc. 
  that 's the only viable route to independence , imo . 
   when it comes to population , the rest of the uk pushes far above it 's weight and there would be no uk without us . 
  it is sad this got so many upvotes by people who do n't understand how it works . 
  most of the folk doing it probably do n't even know great britain was founded by the kind of scotland and just assume we have been under english power for so long . 
  the act of union was initiated by a bunch of feudal lords against the wishes of the citizens of both kingdoms . 
  there 's a reason robert burns ` such a parcel of rogues in a nation ' - poem is so popular up here . 
  and you know well that half of us wants to do what the irish did and leave the union . 
  i 'm convinced that the uk is in its last few years . 
  i ca n't see how scotland will remain in it for more than ten more years . 
  we 're on the way out , and i 'm glad for it . 
  the uk arrangement is an anachronistic shambles which do not have the means to reform itself . 
  it will require root-and-branch reform of all levels of government to keep scotland in the union , and that is basically impossible . 
  so , we 're going to do what the irish did . 
  it 's pointless to even contemplate ireland rejoining . 
  you are not the centre of the universe . 
  brexit * will * ruin lives . 
  foreclosures will go up . 
  people will be homeless . 
  foodbanks will proliferate even more than they already are . 
  people who can barely afford food today will have a hell of a time when basic necessities cost 15-20 per cent more . 
  jobs will go , and interest rates will go up . 
   i would think that a complete switch to slavic culture might have been more gradual than the quick switch in naming might suggest , these - slavs continued to intermingle with scandinavian rulers . 
  interesting . 
  it 's kind of a paralell to the normans . 
  there 's only a 150 years between rollo , the viking raiding france and then swearing fealty to charles the simple , and william the conqueror . 
  rollo was granted normandy in the first decades of the 900s . 
  in 1066 their descendents conquered england . 
  by then they spoke french and had many french customs . 
  yeah , this is why i think catalonia are making a mistake in how they 're going about things . 
  i recognise they do n't have a constitutional path , like we in scotland do , but udi for catalonia will be as disastrous for them as udi would be for us . 
  for one thing , rspain would block the eu from recognising catalonia , never mind accepting it into the union . 
  countries outside the eu would make the calculation that they 're better off following the eu lead on it because spain would pressure the eu to make life really difficult for catalonia . 
  that said , without a constitutional path , i do n't know * how * catalonia could become independent without udi . 
  i 'm glad we have a constitutional path . 
  it means we do n't have to be so destructive that we choose udi . 
  udi would also mean that no countries would recognise us . 
  we 'd become the kosovo of the north . 
  udi would be disastrous , and could really only be contemplated if there was a total breakdown of order and fighting in the streets . 
   he said it was sometimes forgotten that there were two agreements involved . 
   one was a multiparty agreement between the parties in northern ireland and the second , an international agreement between the uk and the republic of ireland . 
   that agreement was registered as an international treaty in the united nations . 
   `` we agreed to amend articles two and three of the constitution . 
  in return the british state agreed to change its legal system so that the european convention on human rights would be incorporated into british law , '' he said . 
   they did that by introducing the european convention on human rights act into domestic british law . 
   `` we are now told that the british government intends to repeal the european convention on human rights act as it operates in northern ireland . 
   `` instead we are told it is going to be replaced by some ambiguous unknown british bill of rights . ''  he pointed out that that was not what ireland agreed to when it amended its constitution . 
   `` that was not what this state agreed to when we entered into an international treaty with the uk and registered in the un . '' this is basically the gist of their argument . 
  and it 's a fair argument imo .
