  the money quote ...  dr kirsty hughes told msps discussions are taking place about putting scotland in a `` transitional holding pen '' after brexit to avoid `` an absurd out and then in process '' . 
    i talk to people in brussels , off the record , who are talking about scotland being in some sort of transitional holding pen . 
    it would n't have a seat in the council of ministers until ratification of the treaties , but it would n't have to go through an absurd out and then in process . 
    i go through all that for now because i think there is a timing issue . 
    if scotland waits until nearly the end of the two years to say , ` this is n't okay and now we 're having an independence referendum ' , you might not have had that and had time to have the negotiations with the rest of the uk on dissolving the union before the whole of the uk has left . 
    so , it 's obviously a very big political judgement about whether and when to call an independence referendum . 
    if it was only a question of logic , you would call it as soon as possible in my view . 
    you would call it , anyway , let 's say , by next summer because then you would have actually had the dissolution talks - if it was successful - with the uk before the uk left . 
    that would make it much easier for the eu to get into some of these transitional holding pen arrangements than otherwise . 
  `` holding pen '' sounds like a lovely idea . 
  peace , quiet , calm , while we sort out the mess that the uk has landed us in . 
  no more referenda , no more elections , just peace and quiet ... 
  in case of independence , * mostly * only our laws need to change . 
  only those bits of uk law dealing with scotland need to change . 
  in case of staying in the uk while also being in the eu , both uk and scottish laws need to change . 
  for instance , there needs to be a weird federal arrangement where holyrood is independent in * some * foreign policy decisions but not in others . 
  i disagree . 
  it would take * more * work to make reverse greenland work than going for independence . 
  not only would scottish laws have to be rewritten , but the entire uk constitutional order would have to be redone . 
  holyrood is a lower ranked parliament in the constitutional pecking order . 
  westminster can always overrule holyrood . 
  holyrood does n't have competences for foreign affairs , defence , etc. 
  it would be a strange affair where westminster could impose on holyrood to vote certain ways in a union they 're not a member of . 
  there is only one path to eu membership for us . 
  we have to become independent first . 
  but the 2014 vote makes it so that for democratic legitimacy reason , all other options have to be exhausted first . 
  i think everyone realises this . 
  sooner or later , the only path left open is going to be another independence referendum . 
  but sturgeon needs to come to the country and state that it is the only option - or people could rightly complain that she was n't respecting the 2014 vote . 
  i think that the only opt-out we 'd seek is from schengen - but that should be trivial for the eu to grant us since we have no border with any other eu member state . 
  and we 'd want opt-out from schengen to preserve our common travel area with england , wales , ireland , and northern ireland . 
  just like the nordic countries have a passport union even though iceland , norway , the faroes , and greenland are n't in the eu . 
  seriously . 
  ruk is setting itself up for a world of grief if it goes eea . 
  i mean , even more grief than there would be if there was a complete clean break . 
  a complete clean break would be really , really bad for after five years the economy would be readjusted . 
  it would be smaller , poorer , but it would reach a balance . 
  it might even start to grow again . 
  but this eea ? 
  media has already poisoned the political climate and our democracy with its lies as full members . 
  just imagine the rhetoric flowing from the express and the mail about * real * democratic deficit where the ruk have to follow each single rule , but have none of the influence . 
  great . 
  ` ya wee drippy cunt . 
  will become a standard phrase in the diplomacy of the future . 
  i do n't think the world is ready for doric . 
  it would be two fingers to the english as well . 
  we like that sort of thing . \\* ^ ^ afaik , it 's the march played when scottish soldiers under robert bruce helped liberate orleans from an english siege . 
  it 's based on a really old tune called hey tuttie taiti - which is a drinking song . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqyv0iotxle \\* sorry , english . 
  we love you , we really do . 
  we just do n't want to live in your house anymore . 
   to the sound of `` le marche des soldats du robert bruce '' that should definitely be our anthem . 
  it will because it takes years to get that . 
  it takes 18 months of investigation for a unit to get passporting rights . 
  and that will only start once a trade deal is in place . 
  a trade deal will not be negotiated once article 50 is triggered - that 's all about uk exit from the eu . 
  by then , all of the global banks will be in frankfurt or dublin or wherever . 
  and they 're not going to move back then . 
  they wo n't move back because even with an eea situation , the euro based derivates and the foreign exchange will be moved to an eu country . 
  we 're studying it at uni . 
  it 's interesting . 
  scots leid is a development from northumbrian old english that 's run in parallel with modern english . 
  it is * kind * of like swedish and danish . 
  but it was fairly brutally repressed . 
  kids used to be beaten in school for speaking the language , and therefore even today there 's a cringe about it . 
  it has a reputation of being slang , and uneducated . 
  actually , we 're fairly neurotic about our native languages . 
  gaelic is resented because it gets a few million annually for the 50-60k who speak it . 
   okay , hypothetically , scotland 's doing better than expected . 
  in the hypothetical realm though , you might lose business ( like hsbc ) to south of the border . 
  more importantly , you 'd have to start paying for a civil service infrastructure in scotland , which you do n't have at the moment ( not to the extent of westminster ) . 
  but the deficit is still 10 % , the largest in europe . 
  no accounting is that bad . 
  hsbc would not move to london . 
  that would be idiocy . 
  london is about to lose its passporting benefits , and its euro trade . 
  ecb will demand that these be moved to a country inside of the eu . 
  some of london 's banking sector will , in fact , move to edinburgh in case of independence . 
   so higher taxes , gotcha . 
  well , with a gdp of around 237bn per year , the needed tax rises would be fairly small if they 're coupled with cutting our contribution to uk defense spending . 
  thing is , we could raise taxes on other things than income - which we ca n't now . 
  we could increase say property taxes . 
  or vat for non-essential goods and luxury items . 
  whatever . 
   okay then , post independence , you need to find # 15billion worth of cuts . 
  that 's 9.7 % of scottish gdp . 
  maybe use the new spending and tax powers to balance that out if you remain in the uk . 
  spending in scotland , by westminster and scotland combined , is higher than tax raised there . 
  by # 15billion . 
  that 's a deficit . 
  no we do n't . 
  with independence we can finally get a full accounting for the economic activity in scotland instead of the guesstimates of things like gers . 
  it 's probably reasonably correct , mind , but it 's still an estimate . 
  and with the full range of excise taxes , consumption taxes , etc we can rebalance the economy fully toward equilibrium . 
  plus , we can slash things like defense spending down to 2 % of gdp as well as send certain subs outside glasgow down south . 
  there 's lots of things we can do . 
  slashing benefits is only the first goto idea of a certain mindset that says taxes and revenue can never increase . 
   and it does n't change that scotland 's gdp would mean net contributions to the eu , and that scotland 's running a massive deficit . 
  we are not running a deficit , westminster is , because what holyrood 's power means is that we can portion out money from a set annual grant to things we want to do . 
  we do not have the control of the economy to say that we ` run a deficit ' .
