  here we are , after the vote we got power to decide over road signs , and we 're on the way out of the eu . 
  i 'm for independence . 
  what remains to be seen is if we can convert a chunk of that 70-80 per cent who wants self rule to support outright independence . 
  i think it 's inevitable . 
  crassly , it 's inevitable because the only demographic where support for the union is strong is in the 65 + age group . 
  below it , there 's a majority for independence . 
  it is awesome !, 
  it is also a heart attack on order . 
  i 'm a student . 
  sometimes at the end of the month , all that 's in the cupboard is half a packet of macaroni and a bottle of ketchup ... that said , i 'm scottish . 
  [ we have this ] ( https://farm5.staticflickr.com/4041/4349084761_d11fac58f0_z.jpg ) . 
  yeah . 
  this poll could also just as easily have disfavoured those who 'd vote no in an independence referendum because there was so many more leavers in the sample . 
  the reasons to vote leave in scotland was quite different than the reason to do so in england and wales . 
  75 % in the scottish independence referendum . 
  http://blog.whatscotlandthinks.org/2014/12/many-16-17-year-olds-voted/ the polls also includes too many leavers : 41 % , instead of 38 % . 
  combined , i do n't know if that would put yes on top . 
  probably not . 
  but it 's enough to say this poll is a little bit suspect . 
  it 's probably an outlier . 
  this poll is a little suspect because it does n't include 16-17 year olds who favour independence by 26 points . 
  16-17 year olds have the vote in scotland . 
  it is a final stage trial involving 891 patients . 
   the final-stage trial initially seemed to have failed as the drug did not help patients who were on other dementia medicines . 
   but among the 15 per cent of the 891-strong trial taking only professor wischik 's drug , it appeared to have a significant effect . 
   these patients saw no decrease in their ability to undertake everyday tasks over 18 months , nor in their memory or reasoning skills . 
   furthermore key areas of their brain shrank a third less than other patients in the trial . 
  if you hit the paywall , just open the link in a private browser window . 
  that usually defeats this paywall . 
  clearing cookies also works . 
  rule 9 of / r/scotland reflect our true values . 
  no worries there . 
   it 's just that england and wales are going through a mid-life crisis . 
  they 've quit their jobs , smoked a lot of weird weed and shrooms , and have decided to move out to join an isolationist commune . 
  can scotland join ? 
  we have fish and oil too !, 
  the article , in case you ca n't pass through their paywall :  the british government has reacted frostily to the naming of michel barnier , the former french foreign minister and scourge of the city of london , as the european commission 's chief brexit negotiator . 
   the surprise nomination places an architect of europe 's post-crisis financial regulation at the helm of the technical talks for britain to leave the eu . 
   the uk government responded coolly to the decision , reflecting heightened concerns that the commission will be an awkward negotiating partner . 
   an official statement did not mention the frenchman by name and was drafted to give the impression that the commission was the least important of three interlocutors in the brexit talks . 
   `` we look forward to working with representatives from the member states , the council and the commission to ensure an orderly departure of the uk from the eu , '' a uk spokesman said . 
   jean-claude juncker , the commission president , said he wanted an `` experienced politician for this difficult job '' . 
   but some city financiers were even more scathing about the appointment . 
  one chairman said : `` my initial reaction was ` oh , god . ' it 's clearly provocative . ''  `` i ca n't see how it could be worse , '' said another senior banking industry figure , who has worked in brussels . 
  `` it 's incredibly provocative . 
  this is juncker 's revenge on britain . ''  while other bankers stressed their respect for mr barnier 's abilities and knowledge of single market issues , there was a broadly expressed view that the frenchman 's appointment would make it more difficult for the uk to strike a deal with the eu that works in the city 's interest . 
   mr barnier has always insisted he went to great lengths to avoid alienating britain or the city when he was the eu 's single market commissioner from 2009 to 2014 . 
  but his interventionist instincts and gaullist style at times made him the nemesis of the uk treasury . 
  britain was outvoted for the first time on a major eu financial services law in 2013 , when it objected to a revamp of bank capital rules . 
   some uk officials played down the significance of mr barnier 's appointment. , arguing the european council , headed by donald tusk , and other national governments would be the main players in the talks . 
   while the leaders of germany , france and other eu member states are determined to maintain a grip on the course of brexit negotiations , the commission 's technical expertise will be invaluable during the complex talks . 
  the precise balance of responsibilities in the negotiations has yet to be set . 
   mr barnier will oversee a commission task force , rather than a department , which will advise top officials most relevant to the brexit talks . 
  his role will be to prepare for formal exit talks under article 50 of the eu treaty and conduct negotiations with the uk once the process is triggered . 
  he will report directly to mr juncker . 
   his experience spans the range of european politics : he was france 's minister of agriculture and then foreign affairs as well as a member of the european parliament . 
  he also served two stints as an eu commissioner , covering regional policy spending and then the single market amid a torrent of post-crisis financial regulation . 
   mr barnier issued 40-odd proposals on financial services that rewrote europe 's rule book for banks , markets and insurance , as well as building a banking union for the eurozone . 
  although many in london remember him for imposing a cap on banker bonuses , this was an idea born in the european parliament that mr barnier later championed . 
   in a valedictory interview as eu commissioner with the financial times , mr barnier spoke of `` unfair and unjust '' headlines at the time of his appointment that described him as the `` most dangerous man in europe '' . 
   towards the end of his five-year term in 2014 , mr barnier 's relations with london were on a more even keel -- looking back , he recalled `` good spirited '' tussles with george osborne , then chancellor . 
   `` my line has been the middle line , '' he added in the interview . 
  `` there is no sense to build european financial regulation without the city , no sense , no credibility . 
  my first wish was to build a compromise . 
  it was never easy , it was sometimes impossible . 
  for the rest we reached agreement and it was never by chance . ''  but nick clegg , the former deputy prime minister , said mr barnier was `` no friend of the city of london '' and that `` alarm bells will be ringing '' . 
   prime minister theresa may said on wednesday she had an open mind about britain 's future ties with the eu , adding that the uk may not copy any of the existing relationships between non-eu countries and the bloc . 
   `` i 'm looking at this with an open mind , '' mrs may said . 
  `` i think we should be developing the model that suits the united kingdom and the european union . 
  not adopting , necessarily , a model that is on the shelf already , '' she added at a news conference after meeting italian prime minister matteo renzi in rome . 
  it 's closer to the border than hadrian 's is . 
   edit : but i conceded your point . 
  just trying to be cheeky and head off the inevitable `` rebuild '' hadrian 's wall !, 
  type comment . 
  if scottish remain voters had kept the uk in the eu , we 'd be in the middle of a shit storm of english nationalist resentment against scotland , and a scottish independence referendum would have been just as likely . 
  can you imagine the headlines in a paper like the daily express or the daily mail right now if that had been the case ? 
  can you imagine the telegraph ? 
  the spectator ? 
  it would have been glorious . 
  i 'm almost sad not to have seen it . 
  that said , the 6000 hatecrimes against eu nationals would have been done against scots in england instead . 
   i think people have a tendency to overestimate the link between the loyalist community and scotland . 
  we of course have a flavour of it in scotland , but it is generally despised . 
  there 's one thing that 's sure to make otherwise calm and sensible scots throw insults around , and that 's to see an orange walk in one of our cities . 
  obviously there 's a fair sized minority who walks in those things , but the rest tend to despise them . 
  antonine 's wall * could become the wall . 
  though we would need a night watch . 
  \\* hadrian 's wall that is constantly mentioned in these things does n't work , because it would mean we 'd have to annex half of north england first . 
  but antonine 's wall would work , since it 's on the border . 
  scotland would n't care one way or another , and i say that as a scot . 
  you might have bellend nats who would grumble , for for most of us who want independence , it would mean that we too could go to london and buy cheap pish like underwear and towels with the union jack without further thought . 
  this is always so funny . 
  `` the vote to stay in the uk was overwhelming and decisive ! '', 
  - something we heard all the time after 2014 . 
  the result was 45-55 . 
  a difference of 5 % would have switched the result . 
  `` the vote to stay in the eu was n't at all decisive !, 
  one million voted to leave ! '', 
  - something we 're told all the time now . 
  there was a 24 point difference between remain and leave in scotland .
