so bolsheviks were right all along . 
  there is a mass media hysteria about some virus epidemic in turkey supported by all major tv channels and news websites , although there are no news about it in turkey itself or any other european country . 
  because of this hysteria , many people return their tickets to turkey ( which is the most popular foreign country for russian tourists ) and consider going to crimea or sochi . 
  many people could n't afford foreign cheese so nothing is different for them i guess . 
  you 're lucky to be able to say that confidently . 
  needs most jpeg, 
  iraqi military is not alone in fighting isis . 
  that 's not true . 
  and the same people were probably whining about `` religion being shoved down my throat '', 
  it 's legal to criticize the law . 
  at least , for now . 
  pikabu is basically r/all, 
  how much do 10 eggs cost in eu ? 
  would n't you ? 
  privatization was n't about selling stuff abroad , it was pie sharing between powerful people in russia . 
  mayb in some families it was used for soundproofing , but in my childhood we had a carpet on the wall between a kitchen and a living room . 
  uh , yeah , why ? 
  i 've been living for 2000 for 1.5 months back in 2011 , first year of university . 
  just buy the cheapest food ( porridge , unplucked chicken , potatoes , cabbage , etc ) . 
  of course not the best ration , but it will be able to maintain your body . 
  now there are things like auchan and lenta , so i suppose it would be easier now . 
  also this are wrong numbers , minimum wage both in ukraine and belarus are lower . 
  uh , no . 
  if you have your own apartment , you can survive with this money . 
  i mean venezuelian oil fields that were rented . 
  and it 's the best summer for last ~ 5 years in my area . 
  17-25 * c , rains 1-3 times a week and not-cold-not-hot winds every day . 
  cough cough nationalizing foreign property is a bad way to do things cough cough cough, 
  china is pretty free country in terms of economics . 
  you are allowed to do lots of things unless they are political . 
  basically the same thing happened to ussr in 80s . 
  what `` another country '' ? 
  britain ? 
  there was no palestinian state back then . 
  jews have been living there as well , they have a right for their national state there . 
   but the russian approach is consistent with new european union personal data protection regulation that defines certain types of cookie files as personal data . 
  it does n't make it rational . 
  this regulation is retarded wherever it 's imposed . 
   which one ? 
  idiots think that these bans are rational . 
  i still ca n't access linkedin without using a proxy , some github servers are n't accessible as well . 
  and yeah , some opposition websites are banned . 
  they have dozens of people who do research for them . 
  it 's not like our government knows this stuff as well , all these laws are very unprofessional from techincal perspective . 
  back in 2012 we thought like this too . 
  no , do n't fool yourself with illusions , they will figure all this out eventually . 
  during the cold war , there were radio stations like `` voice of america '' , `` radio freedom '' , `` russian bbc '' which were broadcasting world news , interviews , radio shows and popular music to ussr territory . 
  of course , they were being jammed and listening to to them could get you in trouble , but their audience still was pretty big ( up to 30 million people ) . 
  i guess these times are coming back , but instead of radio stations it will be satellite internet . 
  google translate :  by 2020 , the national system for the filtration of internet traffic ( nasfit ) will appear in russia . 
  it will have to protect children from negative and dangerous content . 
  as the head of the secure internet league ( lbi ) denis davydov told izvestia , the minor internet users will be able to visit only trusted sites from the `` white list '' . 
   the creation of a national system for filtering internet traffic using information resources by children is stipulated by the state program digital economy , approved by russian prime minister dmitry medvedev on july 31 . 
  according to the text of the document , before the end of the first quarter of 2019 , the architecture and a prototype of nasfit should be developed , the necessary resources are identified . 
  until the end of the first quarter of 2020 , the system should be put into operation . 
  the league of secure internet and senator elena misulina have been the main lobbyists of this system for five years . 
  they participated in the development of the law `` on protecting children from information that is harmful to their health and development '' ( known as the law on `` blacklists '' ) . 
  in 2012 , a unified register of banned information appeared in runet , it is managed by roskomnadzor . 
   as `` izvestia '' denis davydov told , two options for implementing the national filtration system are now being discussed . 
  the first is filtering traffic only in educational institutions . 
  the second is the default filtering for all users of the runet . 
  citizens will be able to visit sites from the whitelist , and in order to gain access to unfiltered content , you will need to write an application to the internet provider or remove an appropriate `` tick '' in your personal account . 
  the secure internet league has its own `` white list '' of sites , which has more than 1 million resources . 
  there are lbi and two filtration systems . 
  the first is an add-on for the browser , showing only trusted sites from the whitelist . 
  the second is a software and hardware complex , which is installed by the telecoms operator . 
  lbi has already tested this system in several regions of russia , in particular in kostroma . 
   according to denis davydov , the `` white lists '' will not be effective if the organizers of the dissemination of information do not independently identify and block the content banned in russia . 
  therefore , the league is waiting for the re-introduction of the bill of deputies sergei boyarsky and andrei alshevsky . 
  the draft they introduced earlier in the state duma was then withdrawn . 
  he established the responsibility of the administration of social networks for refusing to remove illegal and unreliable content . 
  as denis davydov explained , without such responsibility , adult runet users will be able to turn off filtering and children will not be protected from dangerous content  the head of ashmanov & partners , igor ashmanov , said that he took part in the work of the subgroup that developed the section on information security in the digital economy program . 
  according to him , in the document , which left the government from the ministry of communications , there was no talk about nafit . 
   `` apparently , this item was added after , '' igor ashmanov said . 
  - as for the idea of `` white lists '' , it is not viable . 
  in his opinion , a system of `` smart '' filtering `` on the fly '' is needed , blocking the content already banned in russia , which `` moves '' from new sites to blocked sites . 
   general director of tmt consulting konstantin ankilov also believes that the initiative to introduce `` white lists '' for all users is wrong . 
  - a large number of websites appear daily in the world . 
  and that , each site needs to prove that it is good and does not violate the law ? 
  - he noted . 
  - this initiative violates the presumption of innocence . 
  this is a soft version of the north korean model . 
  the official representative of `` megaphone '' julia dorokhina considers it right to restrict children 's access to unwanted content . 
  `` we support the idea of restricting children 's access to unwanted content and have been working in this direction for a long time , '' she said . 
   comments from roskomnadzor , mts , and vimpelcom , as well as from the representative of elena misulina could not be obtained . 
  someone draw an ascii loli there and it was reported to roskomnadzor . 
   as they should be . 
  telling russian citizens how to live is russian government 's job , not american government 's . 
  it 's nobody 's job , authoritarian asshole . 
  voat is banned , reddit is n't . 
  zvezda is state-supported though . 
  so i 've looked up articles written by this author , he is a total lunatic , ussr is basically his infallible god . 
  jews and some christians do n't eat bacon as well . 
  because human interaction should be voluntary . 
  it should be allowed if the business is not a monopoly . 
   i do n't think lenin or trotsky would have done that at all . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  they had similar views on repressions , they had their own red terror . 
  the shittiest thing is that archives have not been completely opened . 
  my parents went to fsb archive in ~ 2005 to find my mother 's grandfather and half of the information was classified .
