  and why wouldnt you , the accuracy will be a killer compared to even military version of gps and glonass, 
  conscription is cheap as fuck though, 
  well . . germans in 2015 that know about the ss division ` charlemagne ' are probably wellread and also know charlemagne is the english/french name for karl der gro\u00dfe . 
  mobilizing is hard : o, 
  it has to be driven on swedish roads of course , over here every other car will be picked apart by the moose waiting around the corner , but they recognize the saab by its splendid innovations and stay clear . 
  well ... german ( and us nordics ) engineering is pretty good stuff , i mean here in sweden we export the tools that you use to make cheaper tools that the chinese buy to make even cheaper tools they can sell back to whoever is not going to make anything . 
  quality reigns supreme !, 
  its like an engineering food chain, 
  the purpose of its existence is to dissuade the situation where we get to know the answer to that question . 
   oh , and china 's fertility rate has plumetted below replacement level . 
  1.6 vs 1.55 for russia ... china can barely `` colonize '' xinjiang with a dwindling han birth rate and rapidly aging population [ 3 ] its an intentional population control , they had a 1 child policy since 1980 with some regional and situational exceptions . 
  in 2014 they applied a 1.5 child policy in some provinces , basically if one person in a couple has no siblings they are allowed 2 children , else it is still a one child policy . 
  it is incredibly effective ( as you mentioned ) , in 30 years china will have one of the most stable population growths , there is going to be a huge problem though in 20-25 years when todays 40-60 year olds will have to get supported by a substantially smaller generation , but once they die off there will suddenly be a lot of space left over for everyone . 
  there is no point in `` colonizing '' siberia , but china is eating through their natural resources such as minerals in inner mongolia , there could certainly be some resources they can tap into in russia . 
  go look in shanghai , its the place us white people want to move when we `` upgrade '' , you will feel right at home , especially in the food department . 
  and in general its a topshot city , very open minded and lots of opportunities in the * creative tech sector *, 
   shanghai or nanjing - hugely international modern cities with tons of opportunities . 
  understatement of the year , shanghai is the international modern city . 
  if people thinking european cities are fancy they havent been to shanghai , its like stepping 20 years into the future . 
  fucking brilliant . 
  the chips is great if you want normal salted stuff or sour cream and onion it 's good enough . 
  you will be bored by the bag before its done though, 
  just in case amirite ? 
  its easier to opt out right before you get it than to start the process all over again . 
  damn straight !, 
  https://youtu.be/r8skbvy4gvq?t=317 gn\u00e4llb\u00e4ltet checking in . 
  well , but then that event would be the one to `` trigger '' ww1 , but this time in history ( implying multiple dimensions ) we get to pinpoint it to the assassination . 
  wow ... `` moderately '' , i wonder how extreme colorblindness can be if this is indistinguishable for a moderately colorblind, 
  my local supermarket makes som really juicy fresh birger patties out of bacon , for bread i always buy what is called frisco bread which is some kind of eggbread i think , its yellow . 
  for topping , cheddar cheese thingies you buy in plastic wrapping , lots of sliced onion , sometimes sliced tomato , always pickles and hamburger dressing plus ketchup, 
  in sweden the coffee time starts when you stamp in and stops when you stamp out , then maybe you get some coffee after dinner so you can get some sleep . 
  pulling 6 shots of espresso a day is n't that weird if you mix it in with the normal stuff, 
  in sweden you get to personally pour out your own expensive alcohol , all of it , even the unopened ones . 
  and then that 's the end of it , no biggie . 
  we have a nation of parents who managed to raise their kids for what is it 35 years ? 
  without violence , you are obviously a really shitty parent if you need violence to discipline kids , maybe you should read a pamphlet about parenting . 
  we do n't slap kids in sweden , that 's where we draw the line , to us you are child abusers, 
  it 's no fun going 8 times to get a beer at the bar , but giving your 7 buds a beer is great stuff !, 
  in iceland they didnt bail out the banks , it was a bunch of brits who lost their moneys , so many , the uk stamped iceland with a bunch of terrorist mumbojumbo , iceland also proscecuted the bankers , i believe they left the country . 
  heh , its like the classic `` women have always been the primary victims of war '' , yeah its so sad for the women who have to mourn their dead husbands and sons :p ... 
  that 's just highschool level stuff in a lot of countries really . 
  yeah , but now they dont have to do it alone because of nato, 
  last i read somewhere was the placement of nuclear missiles in kaliningrad, 
  because https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato, 
  the worst is the pretentious `` fancy '' english accent swedes use to sound more `` sophisticated '' , you get so much more recognition if you sound like hans rosling , people dig the swedish accent . 
  there is a wadload of chinese people working in africa on construction and infrastructure development , its not weird that africans start speaking chinese when the chinese bring china with them . 
  yeah you brits ! , you should learn how to pronounce english and quit it with your weird slang ! . 
  the one place the people ought to know english is the one place they have the worst accents for it . 
  not really hard to master no ... i mean just look at reddit , half of it is written by nonnative english speakers , can you pick out the 300 comments in this thread ( by not looking at the flair ) and discern the native from the non native ? 
  as for pronounciation , that has nothing to do with english language skills , brits are shit at pronouncing english yet it is `` their '' language . 
  the hard ch in `` school '' should go , `` skool '' is pretty much the same and leaves `` sch '' to be used for other more german stuff  also the ` le ' ending is retarded , `` simple '' is either pronounced `` simpel '' or `` simpl '', 
  that doesnt make sense , the wages are 1:1 so reasonably costs should stay 1:1, 
  djayson then ? 
  or a djason makes you sound more minnesotan perhaps, 
  also make j sound like y in yay , and not the dj thingy it is now . 
  so we get rid of y as a consonant and make j more `` pure '', 
  o_o not necesarily blaming , but since forever ( ! ), 
  this has been taught in schools as the one single event that triggered ww1 , mostly everyone get to know about the tensions in the austro-hungarian empire and how the assasination of archduke ferdinand was a catalyst to start the war , its not the sole reason , but it is a huge part of it and claiming otherwise would be `` revisionism '' . 
  i mean you might as well claim hitler had nothing to do with ww2 or that castro was not part of the cuban revolution if you are going to claim that the sarajevo assassination was `` insignificant '', 
  see , thats the thing nowadays , most if not all people are fine with whoever identifying as whatever they want , but when people become upset when you identify them wrong thats when it becomes insane , i got scolded by a group of people because i called a person a `` he '' , to me , he looked like an he , when he talked he sounded like an he , looking at the statistics , theres a 99.99998 % ish chance its an he , but no i was heartless because he identified as a she , then i came to the conclusion , oh so she is transgender of some direction , in which case the next level of scolding arrived , she wasnt transgender , or transexual or whatever and none of that was my business , yet she identify as a she and calls herself dave or something ridiculously normal and if i cant read their minds i was worth less than a pig . 
  they collected for half a year or so , then when the court said they ca n't do that and they had to pay it back you had to apply to get the money back . 
  isnt the nh90 considered to be quite amazing at the moment ? 
  same in sweden , it really took a turn into the retarded when radiotj\u00e4nst ( the organ collecting tv license ) claimed a cellphone requires a tv license and started collecting because it has the possibility to have access to the internet . 
  the court didnt like that so a tv has to be an actual tv and not a computer or cellphone . 
  the cost may not be that high , est 2000usd month for a 60 square metre apartment that is n't to many train stations away . 
  but the problem is more with availability , there is no apartments , if i wanted to start a new job this year in stockholm i would have to couch surf until i find somebody i can pay so i can rent second or third hand anything before 2016 , the current queue for a first hand rent contract is about 20 years . 
  also salaries are significantly higher in silicon valley , a programmer there is around 90k ? 
  in stockholm it 's probably closer to 70k for the same level of job, 
  rhineland is pretty big when it comes to new fresh companies down in germany , sweden is pretty nasty for tech startups and it is really expensive to start in stockholm , there is nowhere to live and if you do you have to get paid a lot more than other big cities in sweden, 
  it says its a gamepad design , but from the article it sounds like it still is derived from an actual gamepad , maybe they are talking about reusing the sticks and triggers , they are pretty sweet stuff . 
  in anyway , brilliant idea , sounds like it would be dirt cheap , also who cares about reliability , just plug in a new one you have with you , it could also benefit remote controlling if they use a wireless interface , some nasty obstacles ? 
  just jump out and lead the way, 
  a pretty modern air force ? 
  150 ~ jas 39 which are constantly updated with another 60 gripen ng ordered is quite modern stuff , its no f35 but it is brilliant . 
  what you missed is the idea where while russia spends its money for a variety of things , like caucasus , black sea , north pole sea , etc etc , the nordbalts is spending every single penny against an assault from russia ( except un missions ) , thats a single purpose defense where every facet is driven by the same question `` how will it work when russia attacks '' . 
  with that in mind it becomes a little bit more realistic . 
  different events , the one in october/november is not the same as the fishing boat event you mentioned . 
  not much of a waste , think about it , pay x sum to support unemployed youths or pay 0.2 x sum to educate unemployed youth . 
  its genious stuff , instead of having uneducated unemployed people we have educated unemployed people , and more money , and lower unemployment due to a `` limbo '' period . 
  or ... working hard yields nothing and demoralizes which in turn yield less : o, 
  you dont seem to understand the problem , you cant sue someone for not replying to your job application , or you can but its impossible to win that lawsuit because any evidence would be extremely small , that is the fundamental problem , if parental leave is equally divided then that isnt an issue to discriminate for any more . 
   small wonder working women do n't have more than 1/2 kids if each one guarantees that you 're gon na most of the year . 
  `` working women '' yeah exactly that is the problem you dont understand , cheers for enforcing the problem , the goal is to have `` working women '' be able to choose to have 2/3 kids instead of chosing kids or work . 
  also , 9 month ? 
  you know babies dont reach daycare age until 11-15 month old , what are the babies supposed to do for the 2 months the parents arent at home ? , or what if the kids become sick should the parents use their sick leave for that as well ? 
  what if the parents get sick after they used their sick leave for their kids ? 
  what do they do then ? 
  quit their jobs so they can take care of their kids ? 
  ( back to square one here ), 
  because if it is optional you have a situation where employers can discriminate if it is mandatory they ca n't discriminate because there would n't be anything to discriminate, 
  well up here it comes to a point where the maternity leave is enough , like 10 times longer than most other countries , so long that if fathers do n't have to take paternity leave for a significant time it becomes an equality issue , not for the fathers but the mothers , who would want to hire a woman 25-35 that can stay away from work legally for almost a year , when men do n't do that . 
  but if men also have to stay home it does n't become an issue as both genders are equally required to have a leave of similar length, 
  geez , it means the greek government in the sense of not the slovenian government or romanian government . 
  and yes , all governments do this but on way different scales , even local governments does this , it has to do with the mandate to place executive positions , and executive positions that are able to enforce political goals is something you want , so you put people affiliated with the governing party there , and sometimes you dont because it doesnt matter . 
  can ... can ... can we have stubb ? 
  thats what we are offering to the table !, 
  its that or be like the danish and not being able to speak coherently with anyone, 
  there was a reform that pretty much made v and w the same thing in swedish , like sometime in the 30s or 60s in the same wave we got rid of the hv combination in stuff, 
   `` x '' is sometimes `` gz '' , as in `` xylophone '' yeah no i have no idea whats going on, 
   lack of identity .
