  cant wait until eu catch up to swedish food safety regulations , local farmers are getting destroyed by competing european farmers . 
  what ? 
  the only thing in common between all horrible and great organised societies in history is that they all hate anarchists . 
  there is plenty of reasons to dislike anarchists , the biggest reason must have to be that they promote anarchy and that makes them pretty much everyone 's enemy and not in the highschooler sense . 
  we hate fascists and nazis for less . 
  or maybe thats the reverse reverse !, 
  its for consistency , if you stop denouncing an action then it becomes a silent acceptance . 
  its the sphere of influence , a northern baltic alliance has stronger influence over the baltics , if the baltics have an alliance they have stronger influence over russian minorites bordering russia . 
   the only thing this would serve is flooding europe with cheap chinese food and other low value products . 
  which is great , it would also allow better export to china , as a smaller `` quality oriented '' country ( sweden ) , china is a fantastic market because their upperclass in pure numbers pretty big , and insanely rich , and anything branded `` made in sweden '' sells like butter , even if it is overpriced , for chinese middle-upperclass image is everything , and swedish brands are hothothot, 
  which is interesting because it competes with swedish nuclear power which is not subsidized at all and taxed super heavily because it is too efficient . 
  so which one is it ? 
  keyword : `` stable full-time job '', 
  well then , welcome aboard . 
  just remember that it will limit how much you can work on government contracts , especially as someone working with encryption . 
  its pretty bad up here too , in fact most countries is pretty bad if you are an average or below average in any category . 
  now as a white person going to china , maaan thats like paradise over there, 
  well you are in luck , we live in the best timezone for competitive gaming !, 
  and normal games too !, 
  the easy part is we have brits and dutch people who are excellent at english , the rest are hit or miss but its much more fun to play with dutch people than it is with americans, 
  this also means that since you dont have to fit in you will fit in perfectly !, 
  not at all as big of a problem, 
  well technically not 87 % swedes because you need to consider those ineligable to vote and also the blank/minority votes . 
  so 57 % of swedes voted exactly for this , then you also have to consider that this wasnt that big of a problem in 2014 , it is in 2015 that all this stuff has spiked edit : hah downvoted for doing actual maths . 
  we are talking about freedom of speech , not the press , the press is fully capable of suppressing the freedom of speech . 
  you get a grip , you seem to underestimate the power of the media . 
  so we have this new thingy they need to vote for , lets look up the the people that disagree with our view and find some dirt on them , then we go ask them to change their mind , if they dont we fling the dirt out for everyone to see . 
  another example is selective bias , what you dont know about cant make you feel bad , so what they do is they filter out things that doesnt help your agenda , every news outlet does this in the world . 
  its just that in sweden the people in direct power may not align 100 % with the media this is very simplified but if you dont see how this is a thing happening right now you are truly blind, 
  they do have media power , and in 2016 owning the media means owning the public opinion which is where real power is . 
  great attempt att bringing nothing into the conversation . 
  nobody said anything about any government . 
  i have lived a summer in 38\u00bac while in china , i wore shoes outdoors and took them off when i got home and i changed socks every day , my shoes smelled fine , feets were clean and the floor didnt get dirty . 
  so ... if i can do it and it works for everyone who does it , shouldnt it work for mediterranean people as well ? 
  thats why you wear socks and change them every day , problem solved, 
   vacuum and mop their floors every once in a while , which you were going to do anyway like once a year thing because the floor doesnt get dirty if you only wear socks in anyway , we take our shoes off , we dont have smelly feet , our shoes smells great and our floors are clean , meanwhile you dont take your shoes off , your shoes smell , your feet smell and your floors are dirty . 
  if you think it is a nobrainer to leave your shoes on then probably you are a little too literal in how you use `` nobrainer '', 
   quite a claim . 
  indeed , most if not all people i know who moved abroad did it because it is much easier as a young educated person to find jobs down on the continent and elsewhere . 
  also cleaning fish in norway pays great !, 
  you havent met the left in sweden , its not exactly the rightwing people who promote the idea of a `` nationwide '' register of potential racists and sexists , they are also really eager to hang out people first and ask questions later . 
  * something about leftist media being over-represented in sweden * i mean , you cant say anything that is anywhere critical of how we are handling refugee current without being labeled a nazi in front of practically everyone in sweden . 
  it is pc-fascism , but it has evolved into poe 's law levels . 
  in sweden , we also drive heck of a lot more , we have a pretty good per capita safety , how do you explain that ? 
  also done on fucking ice roads . 
   market economy well , neither is the us then i guess :| the only difference is that in china the party rules the corporation , in the us the corporations rules the party , neither is a free market if you want to be picky and consistent . 
  sweden is still the same country : o, 
  not even the us have 1 `` army '' , they have 5 branches that works pretty independently from each other because it is more practical and secure , in the same way it wouldnt make sense to make just 1 branch in eu/europe , it would make sense to put it in smaller groups , the norbalt states could have a common navy in the same way we could have a mediterranean or atlantic navy, 
  love the idea of a negative income tax, 
  cant have the cookie and eat it . 
   it would numb your mouth and throat if it contained any good amount of cocaine . 
  so like the 10 cups of coffee a day ? 
  this puts it all into perspective really, 
  look , you seem to have problems with the english language , but for safety 's sake , that burn is a meme ( look under what a meme is ) , the second sentence was merely pointing out that rafale would soon not be the only one down there doing mission without counter electronic warfare support . 
  if you think this is a macho reply then maybe you got some problems reading english . 
  i know i would n't have gotten a cae with that level of reading comprehension . 
  its always scary !, 
  you never know , maybe trolls are real afterall !, 
  ( no but seriously , dead silence and a cracking noise in a pitch black forest ? 
  i dont care what is out there , my lizard brain tells me to run like hell, 
  * hon hon hon mr tough guy * has found his way into reddit . 
   `` the only aircraft capable of conducting bombing runs in libya without need for dedicated electronic warframe aircraft protecting them '' . 
  still might be true as well or should we continue compare totally unrealistic hypothetical scenarios , what about a normal guerilla war in southern chinas jungle ? 
  `` warm and comfy '' typically means 13 degrees inside . 
  it gets pretty warm up here in the summer , like 30 ~ degrees whole july if we are lucky/unlucky never experienced any of that `` comfy '' feeling you are describing . 
  nope , you can not be stripped of your citizenship by the state at all , the only way to get rid of a swedish citizenship is to give it up yourself . 
   personally i think it would be better to reinstate the death penalty . 
  no need to let murderers live . 
  but you do realize that there exist wrongfully convicted people that get executed still today in 2015 ? 
   also - no need for the fucking nazi shit . 
  grow up . 
  look , that nazi shit is exactly why you cant rip someone of their citizenship , because bad stuff has happened when you allowed a state to do that , and all it takes is for someone to convince enough other stupid sheep that someone like you ( / u/anonymityillusion for instance ) is a terrorist and his social group and voila !, 
  you are stripped of citizenship and sent off to a gulag in god knows where . 
  how do i know this ? 
  because it literally ( no hyperbole here either ) happened 75 years ago , in europe . 
  there is a great quote that is used and abused `` those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat i '' , this is a very very very prime example of things that would be topical in that quote . 
  nope you can not , even with two citizenships , a swedish citizen can not give up their citizenship either unless he has two citizenships . 
   otherwise i do n't see why they were n't stripped of it . 
  its in our constitution that you can not get stripped of your swedish citizenship , why ? 
  because i think you are a terrorist , thats why , also because we went through this once in the late 30s , early 40s . 
   as far as the eye can see !, 
  thats the problem with our forests up here , you could probably only see 10 meters into it then it is just darkness that consumes you, 
  that burn !, 
  but soon gripen might be going down there for some action , probably no bombing though , mostly recon, 
  the title says ` lombardy ** bans ** the burqa and niqab ' which lacks highly relevant contextual information . 
   the world 's best militaries is what you said , you just mentioned countries . 
  i mean where is the facts ? 
   nice of you to mention sweden , i assume you 're aware that they 've ended conscription there [ 1 ] ? 
  yes and we have lost all wars since 2010, 
  norway was also in a union under sweden during 1800s, 
  i see ... do we have any historical evidence for this ? 
  vietnam successfully defended in 2 wars with conscription . 
  they also invaded another country successfully . 
  russia is a running a quite successful military , and they do conscription . 
  sweden has basically had conscription for 1000 years or more in some way or another and that has worked quite well even the all mighty america had one kind of conscription not too long ago , but now they have a poverty problem so you dont really need it . 
   the world 's best militaries are the ones where it 's volunteers serving as a career , not everyone in a given age bracket serving whether they want to or not . 
  and your supporting evidence is ? 
  sweden has never been truly `` neutral '' in the sense you are suggesting, 
  swedish statistical bureau proved that salary difference based on genders is either a ) non existant or b ) impossible to prove without specifically investigating every single persons career decisions and lifetime behaviour , which would be impractical/wishful thinking . 
  basically they did a qualitative study of tens of thousands of people and decided the difference in salary might as well be motivated by star signs because the amount of people with identical backgrounds , doing identical jobs of two genders was really really rare and in the cases where people had the same gender the salary fluctuated more than you would think ( like 3 % ) so basically it is all unscientific assumptions that there is a gender bias on that particular front ( salaries ),
