  also , dont forget that when they arrive in sweden it isnt uncommon that they instantly complain about the cold , the lack of people and demand to be placed in a city , and we are like `` this is a city '', 
  hahaha , i had two tabs open of this and when i closed one i was like `` oh i guess i didnt comment on this one , better get on with it '' without refreshing . 
  a big problem we have in sweden is that about half of people arriving just disappears and doesnt enter the system which is worrisome because we are talking really big numbers of people who live outside the law , sure they wont take benefits but they also wouldnt pay tax , which is a strain on the system because they will still use public service stuff, 
  i challenge you to define a german ethnic group that doesnt apply to this person . 
  good luck !, 
  not at all , his mother is german isnt she ? 
  except no ? 
  his mother is german, 
   we consider the guys based on the case of where they are from , risks currently in the country etc. 
  then decide to accept or reject the asylum application . 
  yes , do you realise how long time it takes to process tens of thousands of applications and in the case of sweden projected 200 000 applications , in a system built to accept maybe 5000-10000 . each application would need a huge amount of manhours to verify , you need to analyse the applicant , you need to cross reference any paperwork that exists to a country that is supposedly in flames , you need to send a person to the place they come from to verify the situation and the background history , it is a very time intensive task to process an asylum application , add to that you need several people to actually talk to eachother , then you also need to find a place to put them when you decide what to do , and then you multiply it by 200000 . 
  a ) you are correct , let us put them in detention for 12 months so we can decide if they are pisstakers or not b ) yes , see a ), 
  definitely , but then you could easily say we dont accept refugees . 
   if they dont say then detain them till they remember . 
  hahaha , detain them where ? 
  in tent camp just like the refugee camp they would be put in . 
  this is the biggest problem with this refugee swarm , it is as expensive to detain them as it is to just accept them , over time asylum will cost a little bit more but hopefully part of them will be self supporting , a detention wont , and a detention could be several years . 
   sweden democrats can be blamed as they are the children in the playground that steal the ball , and then cries when people stop throwing the ball to them . 
  that may be so , but half of the children in the playground keep on throwing them the ball . 
  look , i dont like sweden democrats but it is dishonest to put all the blame on them , they have no power themselves , they are only able to enhance ( by choice ) other groups power , it sucks but that is how democracy works when you have a tiny group that doesnt agree with the rest . 
  democratically , 80 % of the blame is laid upon whoevers side sd votes with . 
  if you want to blame anyone you need to blame the larger opposition first , they are the ones who are blocking things in the first place , sd are just doing the finishing touches . 
  it terrifies me more that you ( and a lot of others ) fail to grasp the mathematics of democracy than that sd got 11 % mandate, 
   it was only the sweden democrats that stated that they would destroy any kind of reforms or politics that did n't cause the immigration to be decreased by over 90 % . 
  and as i said , the only way they could do that was if they had majority , what about the other 39 % or whatever required to pass anything ? 
  are they not to blame just because sd decided to support them ? 
  sd can only say no to something if someone else said no first . 
   the reason there had to be an agreement like this is as the swedish far-right , the sweden democrats , have blocked all reformations of the swedish immigration policies since 2010 . well technically not true at all , the opposition has blocked the reformations , 5 % ( last mandate ) and 11 % is not enough to block anything , they would require the other opposition parties to also block in order to be able to block , and at that point sd is only part of the group blocking . 
  the problem which you seem to not have seen/experienced/understood yet is that you have all these people in cs programs having to compete normally where their colleagues get immensely much more resources to push them ahead based upon how they were born , we are talking up to 10 times as much money spent on these programs . 
  ideally we live in a merit and skills based world where how/if i succeed in a field should be based upon my effort and results and not based upon which gender i was born into . 
  so why should i get less resources because i was born the `` wrong gender '' ? 
  these programs are not needed either , what is needed if you want to make a change is earlier indoctrination of children , call it a `` interest '' adjustment , ( very simplified ) stop telling girls barbies is good to play with and/or tell boys barbies is good to play with , either way it will balance it out . 
  you may have lucked out but i know there is thousands of engineers that cant get hired because companies are racing towards gender quotas , even if these engineers are more qualified than prospective hirees they arent given a chance due to their gender being wrong . 
  \u00c5f , one of the biggest engineering firms in sweden is currently only hiring female personel in october . 
  congratulations all unemployed male engineers looking to be hired in october !, 
  if you still dont grasp how this is wrong i dont know really what to say other than maybe stalin and polpot might be saints ( strawman ), 
   can you read . 
  apparently not that well . 
  see , i can use that argument as well . 
  a big deal of raising a healthy kid is actively breastfeeding , and not just drinking the breast milk . 
  you typically breastfeed fulltime for 6 months, 
  as he said : having less children isnt the same as having no children , we are talking about maybe a 20 % decrease over a 40 year period , it still means that most women will have children , the trend thing is typically having less children and not not having children at all . 
   they 're generally not needed . 
  that could be said about a lot of things , does it mean it is right ? 
   a simple example . 
  everybody talks about how the average ceo is male , nobody talks about how the average homeless person is male thats not a source to anything :| you cant just say `` there is a lot of sources '' and continue and not provide sources or where to find them , thats not how sources work . 
  because it is going down , in a big crowd it could be hard discerning which way the elevator is moving, 
  neither was finland before 1917 , before then it was the grand duchy of finland , and before that it was sweden , and before that people wrote down things on stones and that far back ukraine/russia was a `` swedish '' ( roden a land/group of people in old svitjod ) colony and the gdl was still tribal :p altho back then head of state wasnt hereditary even though svitjod was ruled by a king , which was democratically elected . 
  so maybe lukashenko is the grand king of belarus ? 
  a grand duke doesnt have to be a gdl grand duke , for example : finland has basically never been an independent kingdom or state up until 1807 when it became the grand duchy of finland with the tsar as grand duke, 
  grand duke would be most appropriate since its history as grand duchy of lithuania , and during the russian empire a larger state could be a grand duchy ( like finland ), 
  yeah but then it is a humanitarian question , and then an economic , since it takes a lot of time to investigate each refugees story it would be impractical to not bring them in . 
  the only solution to the problem is to not take any refugees at all and thats probably not something anyone want . 
  they dont , but thats why it is called asylum , the concept is simple : the cost of accepting a refugee does not outweigh the cost of rejecting it . 
  that is the concept of granting asylum , now you could start argue about `` but then integration will get screwed '' , yes but that is the price of granting asylum , you are basically chosing between a person living in sweden or not living at all , even if the person wont integrate . 
  you might say `` hah you think they will die if they get rejected '' of course not , but we cant know for sure , the concept of asylum is to accept people in danger so it is rather a problem of who is a refugee or not than the system that accepts it . 
  and if the `` refugees '' erase all evidence of their nonexistant persecution then it would be impossible to tell . 
  and saving lives  not saving lives . 
  so this is not an immigration or citizenship issue , your issue is that you dont know who is a refugee in help or not . 
  you would need a system where s\u00e4po or similar does background checks on everyone of the what is it 10 000 monthly asylum applicants to sweden , in the meantime with a 4 year backlog you either have to keep the people on the ground in whereverwarzone where you risk the actually persecuted people to die , or you bring them here , and while we brought them here we still have to take care of them , so why not just be over with it and grant them asylum . 
  basically : details , thats what you are missing , details is what is critical especially when it is going to cover 800 million people ( eu + us ) , there is a lot of parts that sounds great with ttip , but we dont get to look at the other parts . 
  what if i sold you a car , and i told you to sign a contract where upon buying the car it becomes yours for exchange of 1 money , but you dont get to look at the contract you are signing , would you sign the contract ? 
  what if in the contract you are only allowed to drive the car under my supervision , and never faster than walking speed , the rest of the time the car will be in my care and i can use it whenever i want . 
  its all in the details but i told you the biggest parts of it . 
  wouldnt you be sceptic about a contract you are not allowed to look at ? 
  besides , its going to take years before everyone who is voting on this to have a look , and how do we guarantee everyone has the same understanding of the agreement if it is kept in secret , you are not allowed to tell anyone about what you saw so you wouldnt be allowed to crossreference , what if pro people get to see the real deal and the sceptics get a `` light version '' and then it can be blamed upon `` but you didnt read the whole 5000 pages in a 2 hour sitting '' if they get cheated, 
  this is overly simplified and exaggerated . 
  so this is how it looks like to become a swedish citizen , first you need to get to sweden by way of work visa or relative visa , once you have that you have to go visit the migration office between once and twice a year to apply for extensions , as a relative visa ( like wife , gf etc ) you have 3 interviews with one year apart , these are basic corroboration interviews for both parts of a couple , questions like how the economic situation looks like in the family , who supports who , what your plan is for the future , it also includes some basic questions to gauge how well you know each other , how does your spouse 's family look like , what does her father work with , where is the city she went to highschool all kinds of details like that , you do 3 of these interviews and then !!!, 
  you get a permanent residence permit , usually after 3 years of temporary visas and shenanigans , oh and you have to go to the migration office to refresh your temporary visa card every 8 months or so anyway . 
  that was for relative immigration , work visa usually takes a bit longer to convert , my acquaintances waited 5 years for it . 
  oh well , after the permanent residence permit you are free to apply for a citizenship if you fulfil the rest of the criterias usually its around 2-3 year after you got the permanent citizenship . 
  also , being married does not help at all if you are a fresh couple , quite the opposite they see early marriages as suspicious and put extra effort in the vetting process , being married is not a right to residence permit in sweden ( unlike denmark ) . 
  it is not as easy as people think . 
  and you dont need to know swedish to do all this , but it helps tremendously and probably shorten the process by 2 years or more . 
  america is 35 times bigger than sweden , ofc they are going to have more and better soldiers, 
  or dont have ?!? 
  we will never know until it is too late, 
  sweden technically has 450 000 ~ trained soldiers as a potential reserve , on the same level finland have it but labelled different . 
  so yes , finland may have a lot , but statistically speaking , sweden have had a bigger pool of people to select from , so each individual soldier should statistically be better on a physical level . 
  statistically :|, 
  last i checked we had ~ 450 000 combat age men with  1 year of military training . 
  the numbers doesnt make much sense , they are probably calculated differently , if you check wikipedia sweden has more active soldiers that are non conscripts than finland has active conscripts , so really we are comparing former conscripts to former conscripts , which is like 1 million vs half a million , which is a wadload and at that level efficiency , material and organization is much much more important . 
  did you read what the guy i responded to said ? 
  its deleted now but it was basically along the lines of : `` the village isnt even ethnic slovakian , 95 % is hungarian '' . 
  and reading / u/invarietate 's post it basically translates into degrading the villages right to opinion based upon their ethnicity , like as if being a minority ethnic means you immigrated to the country and being anti-immigration is not something you can be if you are an immigrant . 
  i dont care much for what is right or wrong in this debate ( actually i do but i wont comment on that ) . 
  but that is outright racist to insinuate their opinion is less worth or wrong because they are a minority ethnic ( even if they are wrong ) . 
  so what if they are hungarians ? 
  they live in slovakia , most likely slovakian citizens as well , its very mixed around in that area of europe thanks to a couple of empires and world wars and cold wars and whatnot . 
  oh and imagine this . . 5g , galileo and allemansr\u00e4tten !, 
  we need higher rest satelite images , lantm\u00e4teriet has pretty awesome resolution but we need to go deeper, 
  5g and galileo my guess is that the 20s will be a nice decade to travel around europe in, 
  maybe that is what is the crisis ? 
  well . 
  english already have gender neutral pronouns like they or them . 
  we just developed into personal pronouns . 
  exactly the same thing but one step further, 
  man you are definitely a slow one . 
  this is n't even political or anything . 
  you just do n't understand the words that appear on your screen .
