  but this is if the migration board can not know if it is a legit marriage , there is plenty of give-aways however if you have been married for 3 years outside eu , no problem . 
  america has the same issues , my sister in law is denied visa even though she and her husband is married, 
  dont forget about the ottoman empire . 
  i think most scientific papers written nowadays are centeraligned/filled out . 
  source : i have read a lot of papers . 
  check out chicago manual of bbqsaucepapersthingy or oxford system, 
  where is that `` why not both '' girl ... 
  i am not so sure , you can easily say that men are more mobile and willing to move out to the countryside where there is more labor work such as factory worker ( which , up north , tend to pay way more than the average joe city job ), 
  as a fellow european i guess it must feel good to know that you can move anywhere within shengen without a hazzle, 
  do you consider denmark to not be part of scandinavia ? 
  yeah , i wouldnt say its hard , but considering that you usually need a bit more than 20 hours of training ( usual is 15 driving school hours or more ) i had something like 6 driving school hours and like 50 practice hours with a friend/instructor and i aced the tests . 
  most of my friends have failed the tests on first tries . 
  also the permits are not annoying , there is basicly 2 that you need , one that says that your are not a total psycho and your body will not shutdown any minute ( ie you are allowed to drive a car ( not license ) ) and the second one that you are allowed to drive with a private instructor, 
  it will probably still have the finnish flag on it , some stuff in finnish , a contour of finland and also a finnish person on it . 
  not much different really, 
  i vouch for finnish , i have heard its quite rigorous, 
  you should switch , so as to be standardised . 
  systembolaget is quite good if you actually plan more than 20 hours ahead . 
  also they are obliged to import stuff for you for a very very generous sum . 
  no ... you have to open a kebab place , declare holy war on the other kebab places , increase the size of your kebabs while lowering the price , you also have to make some insanely good sauce , then ... we will throw money at you, 
  lies , we have i think 20 places in a city of 20000 that sell kebab , while we only have 4 chinese/asian restaurants, 
  oh really ? 
  well then that makes sense , however using the word strait would be better, 
  also \u00d6stersund is not eastern sound , this is just silly . 
  it means the eastern strait, 
  ah well , those reasons depends on \u00c5land belonging to finland in the first place , if it would have went to sweden , sweden would probably have supported the island sufficient enough that \u00c5land would not have felt a need to want back to finland . 
  isnt that what i said ? 
  i think \u00e5land would actually want to be part of sweden , only reason they are \u00e5land is because un ( league of nations ) and finland wouldnt let them join sweden again, 
  sweden you begin english around age 9 , at age 12 you get to chose a third , french german and spanish , at 16 its common to be offered any language , i took japanese but should have gone for chinese , the japanese class was full of animephiles, 
  its the 1000 hour night, 
  `` regular-ish '' stockholm is basically you go to work in pitch black and you go home from work in pitch black , if you are lucky you might catch some sun during lunch but it is pitch black between 3pm-9am, 
   pangea well we are talking ~ 10 000 years vs 200\u00a0000\u00a0000 years, 
  crosses !, 
  and lions !, 
  and ... and ... crowns !, 
  that comedian , his name is m\u00f6ller !, 
  there is 8130 named m\u00f6ller ( or variants ) in sweden, 
  what makes you think all or most swedes have the same opinion on the issue ? 
  we dont have paychecks in sweden , money gets deposited into our bank accounts automagically , meanwhile the employer is responsible for depositing our taxes in our tax account and tell the tax office about it . 
  so i can spend 2 clicks on my phone to sign my tax declaration once a year . 
  but yeah , sucks living payday to payday, 
  am using european language , can confirm i know there is long form and short form, 
  imagine if someone joked about svalbard being the atlantis holy land and they actually wanted to go there :p, 
  dont forget the pies , they make pretty good pies over there , and the bangers arent halfbad . 
  complaining about reposts are soooo 2011 , 
  this is the first time i saw it and i visit / r/europe twice a day, 
   your seeing ghosts where there is no ghosts to be found ... 
  i think you need to take a break from this subreddit for a bit or just watch a movie . 
  this post is about history that is thousands of years old . 
  it has nothing to do with recent immigration posts . 
  yeah , might want to take that advice yourself : o, 
  you might have militaries larger , but are they 100 % purposebuilt ? 
  fennoscandian technology is 100 % dedicated to the purpose of defending fennoscandia and nothing else , the planes are built for it , the vehicles are built for it , the weapons are built for it , the boats are especially built for it . 
  fuck , our road network is built with defending against russia in mind . 
  i bet every single design decision has been motivated by `` will this help defend against the russians '', 
  * cough cough * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lebensraum you are sort of right , the thing is that us people in europe kicked ass and killed everyone else , israel is just in an earlier state , but they also have `` morals '' to deal with , i mean if they could deal with it in the same way we did 200-800 years ago , i bet they would , but they cant because ww2 decided it wasnt really `` ok '', 
  i have worked at a farm and this is not true at all , farming is an incredible numbers game where tractors are used 14 hours a day , 365 days a year , and the money passing through the company is measured in millions , just for a single farmer . 
  if you can squeeze out another 2-3 % efficiency of that then it will be worth upgrading , we are talking millions of euros that ticks around in even small farms a year . 
  now imagine a box of milk gets dropped by 2 cent at the farmers end , its fucking bankruptcy , they would have to take out a loan to keep the farm going , they cant upgrade to a more efficient tractor which means it is going to cost even more to keep up the same production . 
  hey , i didnt call you an asshole , i said one argument was assholeish , and then it happens to show that you agreed with that , well thats your problem . 
  easy mistake to make , lets blame them for not picking something a bit more original . 
  no what is bad taste is being an asshole . 
  i am sorry you cant handle reality catching up with you . 
  i have been very clear in my reasoning , it is flawless and self contained , if people behave like assholes , they must be assholes as far as how they behave , nothing more , nothing less , if you dont like being called an asshole , you shouldnt behave like one , it is really simple . 
  sweden democrats * social democrats is our old ( still in power ) workers union semi leftist party . 
  its basically the classic chocolate vanilla flavor of swedish parties sweden democrats is the neo-nazi roots dissapointment party, 
  its very generalized , but reading what most people on reddit have to say about the economic issue and how it would benefit catalonia , and when they bring up the `` fuck you '' argument of `` well spain needs us '' , then yeah you pretty much becomes an asshole , if you like it or not . 
  some things you dont need to know the details to know its a bad idea . 
  i mean in the same time catalans or whatever you call yourself go on about `` you have to recognize us because muh demucracy '' , because what ? 
  because little locally elected catalonia tells us to do so ? 
  you use your democracy to shit on our democracy , and we outnumber you what is it 90:1 ? , the pure arrogance of it all is what is going to be the doom of catalan independence, 
  my guess is that cultural identity in current european climate would not be diminished , this isnt china where you can deport millions of people and assimilate shit left and right . 
  economically , they are right , and assholes because of it , ofc catalonia is going to be rich , its a coastal region close to previous european super powers , great climate and natural resources , every country has a region where most of the economy is and it helps support the rest of the country , europe would be pretty shitty if every country would split up into the `` poor parts '' and `` the rich parts '' , see eastern europe . 
  yeah , 99/100 cases where catalonian independence have been brought up it is packed with ludicrous ideas of democracy ( locally ) being holy , and `` wishes of the people '' is what matters and not due process , i mean by their logic , the republic of j\u00e4mtland should be independent of sweden . 
  i am unsure if the nato charters provide defense against domestic threats . 
  thats a very naive view of reality . 
  democracy is just an idea , and ideas only work if they are enforced . 
  in democracies case , the people need to enforce democracy . 
  why ? 
  because on the other side of the spectrum you have a dictatorship ( which in turn could be governed by democracy at a higher level ) which by force will limit democracy of the people . 
  a dictatorship can also exist without the involvement of force , just that it rarely does . 
  but in any case , democracy is definitely enforced by force from the people in all cases , else it is just an idea , in which case `` we should all be nice '' is about as powerful . 
  you have never seen v for vendetta ? 
  yeah of course you can , but you would want to be part of the process , it kinda makes things easier, 
   are you serious ? 
  yes , catalonia is not a commonly known concept , people know what barcelona is , and that it is a city in spain , but who the hell cares that there is a province of spain called catalonia , its not really textbook material . 
  is he recognized by spain ? 
  if not , then its separatist leader . 
  you know the saying `` the victor writes the history '' , this is basically how it works , we can discuss semantics but law is governed by force , it is , it has always been and it forever will be . 
  this is not something you can debate . 
   when scotland were doing the independence thing they had a wad load of more support than catalonia  no they did n't their polls were much lower than ours . 
  look ... we are not talking about internal support , nobody cares about that shit . 
  if you go ask someone in finland or sweden what they think about catalan independence , they will ask `` cata what ? '' . 
  if you ask them about scottish independence , they will go , oh yeah uk seems pretty decent about that , those would be welcomed into our nordic partnerships . 
   apart from that our secession is based on a democratic vote and they have 0 moral grounds to deny us recognition because that is working great for crimea or donetsk or luhansk . 
  those fellas actually got support from a far larger country than spain and it sucks donkey balls for them . 
  you need support from spain , independence will not be nice for you unless you got support from spain . 
  are you saying that out of all hostile declerations of independence , catalonia is the first one in thousands of years to be `` nice '', 
  good luck with that independence , you will reaaaaaaaally need it with that disconnect from reality . 
  look , you can continue to believe independence will be a fairy tale but it will not .
