  when scotland were doing the independence thing they had a wad load of more support than catalonia , but the most important thing is that uk agreed to facilitate the independence if they chose to , it would be a slamdunk for them because there would be no counter claims . 
  unless you live under a rock , spain does not exactly like the idea of a catalan independence , this makes the reality a very tough one . 
  catalonia does not have the important friends , yet you assume europe will come to your aid , when in fact you are trying to break free from europe . 
  ok , see you in 100 years, 
  damn you are pretty thick are you . 
  so what are you going to do with your `` euros '' when you are not part of the eurozone , schengen or eu ? 
  why would america help the enemy of a trade partner ? 
  dont be so sure , most of europe have no idea about catalonia , media could play it as a youthful rebellion , and looking at the level of arguments it wouldnt be far from truth . 
  just look at crimea or donetsk republic , the world are rallying to the aid of ukraine , not crimea or donetsk, 
  geez ... spanish law applies in spain , according to spain , catalonia is part of spain . 
  according to european union : catalonia is part of spain . 
  according to the un , catalonia is part of spain . 
  what happens next is just a measurement of who can enforce what the best . 
  you mean a separatist leader * i bet its already legal . 
  haha no ... have you ever opened up a history book . 
  declaring independence does not a country make , you need to be recognized by everyone else , before that you are just a rebellious state in civil war , and without the backing of other countries you are nothing . 
  norway declared independence in the 1800s , it took less than half a year for it to be annexed by sweden , because even if norway felt it was independent , sweden didnt , and sweden had more muscle and bigger/better/more friends . 
   especially for a then economically crippled ( even defaulting , since they need us ) spain wasnt it already established that catalonia needs support from spain and not the other way around . 
  i mean look at it this way , you got catalonia , wohoo independence !, 
  and then what ? 
  you are not going to be part of eu , eurozone , schengen or any previous trade agreements , any and all partners are already partners with spain , an entity that definitely does not want catalonia to be independent . 
  they dont have to shoot anyone , they only need to economically sanction you , catalonia will 99 % be the one to throw the first rock , and by then you got the whole of european union to mess with . 
  catalonia might be `` prosperous '' , but not really on the big picture . 
  norwegian < =  swedish is much much much easier than danish, 
  not sure if you are a little colorblind or insanely colorblind , green and orange are very different colors for us , you can not mistake one for the other . 
  i know this is probably very hard to imagine for someone that is colorblind . 
  but there is a real significant difference between the two colors , i could probably notice 20-25 different shades that are distinguishable from eachother between green and orange without sweating it . 
  because for us not color blind people green is miles away from orange . 
  well ... they didnt `` just start '' throwing grenades , this has been going on slowly for 2 years now, 
  is this the day i witness somebody discover he/she is colorblind ? 
  are you talking about other charts because this one is incredibly colorful . 
  i was thinking the exact opposite to what you are saying , small towns are packed with immigrants , while stockholm is hoarding the educated working ones . 
  and then later removing the democratically elected leader and position an allied dictator in power instead . 
  what immigration debate ? 
  public sector it jobs are rock solid secure , with great benefits , sure you get paid less , but you get like 50 % more retirement fund money , you also work with like 10 year projects at 10 % load , once you are locked in you are fucking gold . 
  i used to work with people who worked in the public sector , its retarded pretty much sums it up . 
  might want to be able to live in the land after you finished protect them . 
  a sizable standing army matching russia is good enough deterrence . 
  we are not the one complaining about it :p, 
  you dont seem to have that many hills down there in tulip country , a lot of accidents over here is due to the high speed a bike can reach going downhill . 
  they may not have done anything to deserve their fame , but with it means they have to work really hard , people seem to think they are lazy assholes but in fact they work like any kind of diplomat , their schedules are very packed . 
  i 'm living on gotland , we have had blue skies since late july , and most of july was amazing with maybe 3 days of meh cloudy and windy . 
  we have drought and water saving stuff going on now though ... our grass stopped being green 3 weeks ago . 
  a lot of the ships with hilarious sinking abilities was built with english oak , they did plant like 700k oaks on visings\u00f6 in the 1700s specific to build ships with but they got delivered in the 1900s at which point you do n't build oak ships anymore . 
  so we have a really cool oak forest with purpose grown oaks , really straight stuff, 
  nah , it has more to do with building permits . 
  there is none because there is always a bunch of old farts that bought their shit when it was cheap 40 years ago and any sensible buildings would ruin * their * skyline, 
  hahaha , something like 99 percent of the forest in sweden is planted or regrown forest . 
  we have been doing this since the viking ages , only 80k hectares out of 22 million is untouched forest . 
  at least we are separate countries for realz, 
  sweden has chopped down most of its forest too , but we planted new trees when we did , something like 5percent remain as pure old forest . 
  the rest is just second or third generation forests . 
  scandinavia is a geographical region , so unless you annex gotland , you wont become part of scandinavia , but you are welcome into nordics !, 
  estonia is pretty similar to finland , and finland is basically the ex-wife of sweden , but the divorce was practical and not emotional so finland is still welcome to family reunions , its just maybe a little long step for finland to bring its sibling estonia , but soon enough we will be ok with it , the economies are pretty linked together and the biggest banks in estonia are swedish, 
  nobody was talking about becoming a refugee , op wanted to emigrate somewhere to start a living , not seek asylum for fear of persecution . 
  i mean the guy was nitpicking cultural stuff , basically looking for a sweet place to live . 
  totally off topic, 
  thats refugees , this topic is about normal immigration , ergo totally different topics , one is a humanitarian issue , the other is a jobfinding one :p . 
  neither does european countries so i dont know what you are getting at . 
  and considering pornhub is like the premium free porn tube out there can you imagine how double premium will feel like !?!, 
  well ... humans kinda won that shit , we can exterminate whatever we want , and we got the power to prevent an extermination if we want ( but we dont because our penises needs rhino horns ) basically we are the only one left , the other animals are living by our mercy and thus become an extension of our species . 
  `` cold country '' yeah no i think you have to look deeper for a causality , looking at scandinavia ... 
  i think its more like if stubb was alive during the 1700s he would be the specimen for the human race according to linnaeus, 
  some swedes have a fascination of alexander stubb , the former finnish prime minister and current finance minister . 
  every time we see him we ask ourselves `` why arent our shitty politicians like this '', 
  there was a slovenian one a year ago or two , it was great . 
  o_o the photos are great , what are you talking about ? 
  nazi gold , we are swimming in nazi gold , so much that it would be awkward to melt it down because where the hell did we get all that gold from . 
  yeah i didnt say there wasnt a lot of stuff on mars , but how is that going to help us if its going to be almost impossible ( amazingly hard ) to get them from there . 
  sure there might be one or two manned missions to mars in the foreseeable future , but i think the grand space plan looks something like this moon -  asteroid belt -  mars moon -  mars, 
  yeah , but what do you plan on doing , just riding around getting rock samples ? 
  a rover could do that alone . 
  i am sceptic we even need to do a manned mission to mars at all , at least in the early space colonial age . 
  there is very litte we would gain from being on mars at an early stage that rovers cant do for us , once we have the technology/power to build an industrial outpost then maybe it would be start to be worth it , but then we are talking thousands of people on the ground doing hard labor . 
  there is also a lot of other interesting places we could go , the asteroid belt is interesting because of the lack of deeper gravity wells , there would also be minerals and plenty of easily accessible water in the asteroid belt . 
  i mean mars is a desert , but you lack an atmosphere that makes it possible to do anything productive . 
  obviously switzerland . 
  but hey , it isnt that bad , i dont know how you swiss look upon sweden , but there is literally nothing negative about switzerland . 
  no its not because the original argument is nonexistent . 
  he was pointing out how silly it is to talk about uninformed stereotypes based on prejudice . 
  with an example of how stupid that could be if you take it a couple of levels further . 
  well ... technically , us `` scandinavians '' have kept the `` ruskies '' out since 862 , the year that us scandinavians established the rurik dynasty which became kievan rus , which is the beginning of russia . 
  other than that i dont think we have had russians in scandinavia , most wars have been fought in finland or in the baltics/russia/pl / ukraine . 
  saab is a swedish company , again owned by swedish companies/funds , it was owned by bae systems a couple of years ago but they sold it to investor ab , which is run by the really really rich swedish entrepreneur family wallenberg . 
  most of saab is based in sweden , most of the production is in sweden , but a lot of stuff is done in foreign companies , some software development , or adaption , or sales , but most of it is still based in sweden . 
  saab used to be airplanes only ( the defence part of saab ) but there was some restructuring and sales of defence companies , bofors for example , which got split between bae and saab , where bae got the artillery/guns stuff and saab got the robotics parts ( saab dynamics ) , saab also acquired the defense part of ericsson ( you know the huge telecommunications company ) . 
  latest they acquired kockums through a hostile takeover with the help of fmv ( swedish defence materiel administration ) , basically sweden wanted swedish defence material to be controlled by swedish companies , so they asked saab : `` do you want to make submarines '' , then they told thyssenkrupp ( the owners of kockums ) that , you should sell kockums to saab , they proposed a deal where they would keep the rights to sell the a26 ( new sub ) , saab said nope , fmv went in and confiscated all secret blueprints and design and tools in kockums and basically said : `` now you need to sell it to saab '' , and so they did , saab has been working really hard on this project and there is loads of recruiting going on, 
  actually , saab is majority owned by swedish entrepreneurs right now , most of it is investor ab ( wallenberg ) . 
  oh , you were joking around , i just thought you didnt know that wounded could be applied to any kind of injury , not just the nasty kind . 
  definitely not danish , we could hear what you said . 
   wounded  adjective 1 . suffering injury or bodily harm , as a laceration or bullet wound : to bandage a wounded hand . 
   kingdom of denmark is mostly in north america . 
  even more munitions we can use against them the nordic forever war, 
  yep . 
   shanghai it is entirely too chinese is like saying new york is entirely too american :p so yeah , that sounds pretty insane, 
  christians in germany doesnt mean the same as christians in sweden , we have buttloads of registered christians but thats because you automatically got registered when you were born because church + state = sweden up until like late 90s . 
  nowadays you have to opt in , and people are too lazy to opt out of it because swedish church is pretty decent fellas , its not a mafia like the catholic church , most times people actually have anything to do with the church is basically a humanitarian experience , i have never heard a priest preach about why you should chose god , they basically walk around telling people to be nice because thats what people should be , not because you will burn for eternity because not . 
  also , they have a tent in my town giving out condoms and water with a huge slogan that says `` every other water '' , which is a saying here in sweden that when you are out drinking you should take a glass of water between every drink/beer because it optimizes/balances the effect of alcohol on your body . 
  so myeh , cba not be christian . 
  it would be golden for all those outdoor enthusiasts , you can map all those tiny little pathways in the forest with insane precision .
