yes , baltics need nato to be defended , sweden and finland is not in nato on the assumption that if russia pokes on us nato is either well fucked , or deeply invested enough that nato comes to the rescue ( scandinavian peninsula is very important strategically , resourcefully and economically ) , russia knows that in a conflict with nato , nato will use any means necesary to establish bases in scandinavia ( shit there was a strategy in the 80s that called for the total annihilation of sweden just so the russians couldnt have it ) , so russia operates on the assumption that in any case sweden and finland will not stay neutral in a conflict with russia , even if they would want to they couldnt . 
  so ... circle reasoning dictates either nothing happens or nato comes to the rescue . 
  do n't confuse baltikum with scandinavia . 
  baltikum needs to be in nato to not end up as ukraine . 
  sweden and finland is protected by the incredibly high strategic value for both russia and nato , just in geographic terms , neither could afford to let the other party gain the advantage . 
  but yeah a bit complicated, 
  i think swedbank ( one of the major baltic banks ) has gone out in media explaining that a balticum collapse of the banks would only disturb swedish banks a `` modest '' amount , sure it is serious but no where near world ending for the big banks . 
  i think this was a couple of years ago when people in balticum went crazy and withdrew money from their accounts because of a rumor that swedbank was collapsing , all this did was scratch swedbank but totally destroyed all the domestic banks ( because people abandoned them too ) or so i have heard . 
  because in our situation nato would do nothing to change the situation . 
  in a conflict with nato , russia would demolish scandinavia in a pre-emptive strike , its like the number 1 thing to do , regardless if finland or sweden is part of nato or not . 
  us not being part of nato at least gives us a chance to play politics and maybe dodge a bullet if we are lucky , finlandization and whatnot, 
  what are you babbling about ? 
  there is no theory supporting the idea of a nuclear submarine in stockholm sk\u00e4rg\u00e5rd . 
  ( hint : you dont use nuclear submarines in baltic sea , they would be too big and cumbersome ) this is very much an invasive action of swedish territory , the area of the sk\u00e4rg\u00e5rd is very delicate with hundreds of `` skyddsobjekt '' ( military secrecy ) , swedish civilians have very strict guidelines when in the area , do you think a potential russian submarine is welcome ? 
  in reality , blowing up the submarine is not that far down in the list of things considered . 
  i dont know what kind of media glass bubble you are living in , but i see plenty of news regarding * daesh * on a daily basis from a wadload of sources . 
  what an post-anarchist thing to say !, 
  the dripping coffee thingy is quite bad i agree , but you should try what we call the perkulator , it is bloody fantastic , nothing i have ever tasted taste as good as the coffee my dads 15 year old perkulator makes . 
  anyhow it becomes quite unpractical to drink incredibly nice coffee when you drink 1.5-2 liter of it each day . 
  but do you have good coffee over there on the other side of the pond ? 
  coal yes , nuclear ... debatable ,, 
  well then i shall find my bleeched tight jeans , grab my bomber jacket , shave my head and then strap on my leather boots and head out on the street walking around like i was ready to kick the shit out of people . 
  just because you are allowed to do something does not mean you should . 
  because if you think people dont get scared when you dress as a person who can easily be profiled as a criminal then you are pretty fucking daft . 
  incidentally this style of dress is not really fiction , thugs who already commit crime adapt these fashion styles because they think being a thug is cool , and this is what cool thugs wear on mtv or whatev . 
  you may call it prejudice , but then you are ignorant and sheltered . 
  well ... if you dont want to be treated as an american thug , maybe you shouldnt go out of your way of looking like one : o ( talking about the people looking like thugs , not regular black people ) . 
  in the same way if i dont want to be treated like a skinhead i shouldnt dress like a skinhead :p, 
  probably the same reason british people insist on not being european . 
  also stereotypical french arrogance , 
  sure nuclear power might not be the best at all of that ( it probably is in reality but cba dig too deep ) but there is a huge misconception that nuclear power is supposed to be bad . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/jamesconca/2013/09/29/forget-eagle-deaths-wind-turbines-kill-humans/ so basically wind power is less safe than nuclear power , thats pretty much a fact if any . 
  what else do we have , best form of electricity ... well , http://ansnuclearcafe.org/2013/11/07/wind-power-and-nuclear-power/ sure dams might be up there in terms of production , but they are insanely destructive in terms of environment , next up would probably be wave driven generators , which might work but it is quite expensive and you are limited geographically to heavy tide areas next up ... cheapest ? 
  i cba to find a source but my windpower engineer buddy mentioned a nuclear power plant pay itself off in 2-3 years while a windmill takes 8-9 years to pay itself off , and while a windmill has a lifespan of 12-14 years depending on model ( or something like that ) a nuclear power plant has a lifespan of 30-40 years , where you can easily upgrade it plenty of times . 
  sure a dam could be better/cheaper but still dams are poop : o and on the subject of cleanest , you still need to produce and reprocess a windmill/dam/nuclear power so i guess they would be even on that scale when it comes to cleanest , a gen4 nuclear power plant would only have to store the waste matter for 900 ~ years , thats pretty clean considering it gets done deep in a mountain shaft where nobody visits anyway . 
  a generation 5-6 might take that waste and reduce it completely . 
  nuclear power might not be the ultimately best source of power , but it is bloody brilliant and best bang for the buck in most if not all categories . 
  wouldnt that be hilarious , we cut and paste ireland above uk as america does with hawaii, 
  `` their land '' , they have sort of the same claim as the rest of us to that land , its just that they are such a small minority they lost out , i mean its not like america or australia where colonists purged the natives , in fennoscandia , swedes/norwegians/finns are as much natives as samis , difference is just the culture where we decided to establish while they decided to keep on moving , and one culture managed to thrive and the other didnt . 
  but thats the point of the map , if those separatist had full support how would it look like , i mean , read the title . 
  your idea is true if we are talking on pure energy efficiency , but we are a long way of any wall when it comes to applying that energy . 
  so in terms of energy/vacuum efficiency then we have plenty of room to innovate, 
  i would call it `` absolutely vital '' ... when it comes to forcing producers to innovate on the energy level of consumergrade vacuums . 
  yeah , he was saying they are only looking for areas with significant `` significant ethnic-russian or pro-russian populations '' , and alaska is not one of those , so you are disagreeing with nothing . 
  i dont think anyone in russia is even remotely interested in alaska , russia has more land and natural resources than it could possibly need for the next 100 years , but whatever they need , alaska dont have it . 
   countries with significant ethnic-russian or pro-russian populations . 
  why do you mention alaska ? 
  surstr\u00f6mming is quite hardcore , its just enough to mention sill ( pickled herring ) and it would make a lot of people vomit . 
  well pretty much the whole of the nordics enjoy liquorice in all its flavours , especially finland , they have quite an assortment to chose from . 
  you were n't alone , you had quite some support from sweden , which for practical reasons had to stay neutral, 
  who said the nordic alliance are good guys ? 
  same same , however a nordic alliance , in a heartbeat , even the baltics and poland may come , and i bet they would be willing . 
  i would actually extend this northern defense alliance to include the baltic states and also poland , let them have their own subgroup ( or actually , n+s+d is one group , f+e is one , l+l+p can be the third one . ), 
  and voila , we have baltic sea domination . 
  the fourth step would be scotland + iceland, 
  well statistics is skewed , most people i know has already paid of their loans and is on their second mortgage for their house ( because you know , new car/boat/patio etc ) , difference between romania and sweden is that when swedes sell their house the bank gets 50k euro and the seller gets 200k ( while it only cost 50k 20 years ago when they bought it ) while in romania the seller only gets 10k ? 
  or whatever . 
  so who owns more then ? 
  and once you paid off your mortgage your house or apartment is worth twice as much as the first loan , so you remortgage it to buy a summer house/new car/patio/private loan to your kids, 
  that curry probably taste like heaven in reality , i have eaten curry chicken at hospital ( and it is similar to what school children get ) and it is incredible , no joke, 
  always bloody denmark , curse you !!!!, 
  meh , too far away , nobody cares , they could be # 1 with great margin and nobody would care . 
  so you dont want to put any responsibility on ukraine for failing to keep very dangerous weapons from unsafe hands ? 
  sounds like good reasoning there , why not just let terrorist organisations get to pick and chose whatever they want . 
  if you cant make sure terrorist dont get your stuff , you shouldnt be allowed to keep your stuff . 
  and this is the people we `` want '' in eu ? 
  thats a silly statement to make , `` lets make them pay ! , lets not buy their wares ! , but not their largest export and the things we really need , lets continue buying that '' . 
  cant have the cookie and eat the cookie m8 . 
  or a very 12 year old way, 
  well spin and spin , the fact is that ukraine lost a weapon of the same type as used to shoot this down , we know this already . 
  the question is who is responsible for ukraine losing this , ukraine or separatists or russia ? 
  separatists for sure , but you cant really not credit russia for supporting them , maybe not materially or financially but at least morally ( this we know ) , but dont you also think ukraine has not tried hard enough to control their weapons ? 
  i know if sweden would have built and sold them the weapon there would be bloody murder screamed at ukraine for letting terrorists get the hands on a swedish weapon . 
  this is actually something that has happened where a massacre is shown to have swedish made weapons involved , the question was how the hell did they get there , lo and behold , americans sold/traded them for intel . 
  which breaches the contract of said weapons . 
  so i put a 50/30/20 of separatist/ukraine/russian blame on this . 
  but it becomes more complicated because the weapons are russian made anyhoo, 
  yeah but how much training ? 
  they have had it for a month or two now , i bet some manuals and some old retired military dude would be enough to get it rolling quickly, 
  as he pointed out , in terms of aids research , it is not all that bad , it is a large field after all . 
  well i wouldnt put the whole blame on ukraine really tho ... imagine ukraine is your little brother and he gambled away ( aka got tricked ) all his pokemon cards vs russia ( the mean bully ) . 
  first you go beat up russia to get the pokemon cards back , then you beat up ukraine because he gambled them away in the first place . 
  sounds fair ? 
  it is not the same situation , nations that sell weapons have an agreement that put the one buying ultimately responsible if a weapon changes hand after the first business deal . 
  its basically saying , if you cant make sure terrorist will steal this from you , you cant have it . 
  apparantly ukraine cant make sure of that in the future, 
  no i called you a moron because you went straight ad hominem on another person , so i returned in kind  and because you went ad hominem instead of trying a rational argument , i am inclined to believe you are actually a moron . 
  the view was `` oh shit aids research is doomed '' the actual situation is that a minor population of a massive field of researched has died , a tiny set back in reality . 
  it is not a useless comment because obviously people are stupid on reddit and dont think , they hear one thing and scream bloody murder !, 
  ( true this time ) yet the insane overreaction is akin of 15 year olds , why not chill a little bit , take in some information , then you can start to get upset . 
  its the difference between handling things rationally ... and not . 
  nice save !, 
  you forgot there was a mass mutiny in ukraine military a while back ? 
  could easily be ukraine ex-military doing the training . 
  anyhow , real life isnt a videogame , yet weapons dont need to be hard to use , just look at the morons that serves in the worlds militaries , after seeing how great length someone like tiny sweden will go to make weapons extremely user friendly i doubt that any moderately smart person will be unable to figure how to launch a missile in a week or two . 
  especially if you have a manual handy . 
  if it were difficult you wouldnt let people with sub 90 iq do it . 
  ( note i am merely arguing the side of rationality , people seem to behave like raving lunatics whenever anything is related to the ukraine situation ), 
  didnt the separatists take it from the ukraine air base thingy ? 
  that would technically put the blame on ukraine for letting terrorist get hands on very dangerous weapons : o,
