  well technically you can be a terrorist and rebel/separatist at the same time , terrorist is just a definition of how far they are willing to go in order to achieve their goals . 
  technically, 
  dont have to produce locally to export it tho  , sweden export a lot of weapons in form of licenses that are produced in the customer country . 
  you could also produce quite a lot of smaller yet crucial parts that are easier to ship and then do the final assembly in destination country . 
  but if you sell a machine for a million then a couple of thousand in shipping charges is not much ,, 
  well south korea is not in the south east of asia , and hong kong is in the process of being reintegrated with china . 
  anyhow a triad agreement with china as well would be great, 
  shitloads of engineering/construction equipment and tools ( think ssab , abb , atlas copco ) . 
  and our industry is huge and futureproofing itself ( people will always want high quality industry machines ), 
  i think this is map is just a simulation of ttip vs status quo, 
  amongst the boinkers politics our dedicated feminist party is running , this is not one of them . 
  logically to give women more freedom regarding maternal leave you would have to erase whatever hinders them , at this point the maternal leave is very generous but it is also a chain as employers wouldnt want to hire soon-to-be mothers ( its illegal to discriminate on these grounds btw ) so , because lowering the maternal leave would be stupid we can just increase the paternal leave instead :d sucks to be an employer but with enforced parental leave on both parties the gender question is gone , because to the employer a father and a mother is equally valuable . 
  well sort of , countries like sweden still holds quite the power about what happens with military industries in relation to sweden , a recent example is the swedish submarine production , i believe the company ? 
  ( kockums ? ), 
  got bought up somewhere up the corporate line by some foreigners ( bae ? ), 
  with the intention of making submarines , what happened was that swedish military went into the factory/engineering base , confiscated everything containing anything related to the design of the subs , and then told kockums `` nope you will not be making submarines anymore , here you go saab , you make them '' . 
  anyhow , the details might be totally off but that is pretty much the gist of it , corporate rights mean nothing when it comes to defense contracts, 
  or wait for it ... 
  the european union !!!!!, 
  ( pronounced ` euronion ' ), 
  you mean like martians or androids ? 
  \u00f6rebro would be under water in this scenario , brickebacken , adolfsberg might be safe tho , also the rest of n\u00e4rke . 
  karlskoga new capital eh ? 
  i think what benjamin was hinting at was his misconception that great britain is not part of `` europe '' . 
  it is ? , is there not a river connecting it to the black sea/volga ? 
  that is enough . 
  my guess is that most of those people belong to the older population , which wouldnt be as internet savvy as us youngsters , in which case them not being able to answer in this thread is on first hand not related to them not knowing english . 
  i think english is an easy language , some accents are quite cool , some are charming yet the vast majority of them are hilarious , what is silly is all the brits complaining about americans spelling armour as armor , yet themselves pronounce it closer to ama , as if leaving out a vowel when spelling it is worse than leaving out 4/7 of the letters when pronouncing it . 
  people like to point out the shadyness of flashback ( which is true btw ) but flashback also have some interesting parts , the cooking forum is quite nice , i mean there is recipes for everything there , and not just `` this is a good recipe for bbq sauce '' , literally `` this is the best bbq sauce you ever had , its better than cocaine and we have tried 200 different kinds of making this sauce , this is how you not fail to do it '' but yeah , shady shit , there was a murder a year or so ago i think in arboga ( a tiny town of 12000 people or so ) , within hours people had pointed out who all the involved people were , who went where , who did what , and their facebook pages/social security numbers and all kinds of information , all from like a thumbnail picture of a police blockade/band thingy in front of a red corner of a house . 
  fbi stands for flashback byr\u00e5 of investigation . 
  but reddit also have a sickenly big userbase , for flashbacks size , it has everything , and even if you dont have everything , if you ask a question , it will be answered . 
  for some of us swedes , uk is part of the continent  take that !, 
  how does finns feel about being nordic ? 
  as a swede i would consider nordics as my brethren before europeans , even if finns speak a totally different language they feel more familiar than germans or britts . 
  well , eu ! = schengen , which you are not part of right now so there would be no difference , any country you can travel to today is because you come from uk and not eu , if i am not mistaken . 
  technically burning wood does not pollute anything ( sort of ) , or rather it does not produce co2/whatev , because that is what trees eat to grow ( photosynthesis ), 
  wood burning in sweden is practically 100 % renewable , we produce more harvestable forest than we cut down http://rainforests.mongabay.com/deforestation/2000/sweden.htm just thought it was relevant to point out . 
  damn you and your volcanic power plants . 
  that is true , that does not eliminate the fact of economic ruin though : o, 
   as far as i know , the only places you can find no finns in are all in the finnish archipelago , and most can barely be called villages . 
  check out n\u00e4rpes . 
  also it is a matter of perspective , in china , stockholm would barely be able to call itself a city/metro . 
  i was thinking of n\u00e4rpes  ( its a tiny town so a cheapshot really ) and obviously it would be impossible to have a city where nobody knows finnish , however n\u00e4rpes , a place with about 9000 people only 5 % knows finnish . 
  i assume you want source on is the official language thingy , which is something i heard , i did add that hedge didnt i ? 
  anyhow 1918 would be quite recent , considering the time it has been part of sweden . 
  shoo , go away to denmark you !, 
  tbh , a lot of `` east swedish '' concepts still exist , in finland they speak east swedish and finlandswedish , which are two different things , in finland they have a region called egentliga finland , refering to the greater region actually being old east sweden . 
  finland still have swedish as an official language , and i believe it was only recently that finland became the primary official language ( officially that is ) . 
  there is still cities in finland where nobody speaks finnish . 
  so in many senses it is still east sweden , and it is a reminder that sweden and finland are more than just neighbors . 
  also it is a joke , no need to become embarrassed by something that happened 200 years ago, 
  time is money friend . 
  we are not talking about millions , we are talking about the problem of finding enough money to survive , from about 200 game students i know of that has graduated , none have successfully created a company that still lives , a couple of guys made a game that made them some money but they bankrupted a year later that is about it . 
  there is nothing wrong with their games or their games , the industry is unpredictable and telling someone to become a startup is like asking somebody to win the lottery . 
  you mean east sweden is currently occupied by the finns ? 
  what about st petersburg and murmansk ? 
  a little bit ice is rarely a problem for northern countries , why would it be a problem for russians ? 
  estonia also has very deep ties with finland and sweden . 
  i doubt they/us would like any russian actions against estonia . 
  actually i was just replying to / u/cyridius  they were co-existing peacefully . 
  then the russians invaded . 
  this sentence implies everything was fine and dandy then the russians has to invade and mess everything up . 
  and i was correcting him by saying  correction . 
  they stopped coexisting peacefully , then russians invaded i bet the reason russians invaded was more because of what happened in the rest of ukraine before/during maidan , rather than what happened in ukraine at maidan was because later russia was soon to invade ( see that logic ? ) . 
  reddit has turned into a big fox news-esque community where anything anti-rus , with literally zero fact checks or reality checks , gets upboated to infiniti and anyone actually asking if that is the case gets destroyed totally , what happened to rationality on reddit or at least a little bit of scepticism ? 
  i was merely pointing out that shit was going down in ukraine before russia invaded , not after they invaded as cyridius clearly wrote . 
  im totally against what russia is doing , however if how people behave on reddit reflect how people think in ukraine then honestly , russia can have that piece of dirtywater europe , or at least divide it so they dont destroy themselves . 
  there is literally no difference between warmongering american right and reddit right now , so few rational arguments or suggestions on how to solve this conflict . 
  people got upvoted for supporting ukraine 's wish for nuclear weapons ( what the flying fuck ) so , im an not pro-rus , but stupid ideas shouldnt be passed because they are `` pro-ukraine '', 
  i meant the maidan event , wasnt there around 70 casualties ? 
  and the idea is anti-rus vs pro-rus, 
  you do n't remember this clash between protesters a couple of weeks ago, 
  correction . 
  they stopped coexisting peacefully , then russians invaded, 
  you would be amazed how much information you can gather by just entering a military area . 
  anyhow , quite standard procedure over the world . 
  see it as a very rough filter against spionage , that would exclude 98 % of all potential lazy spies . 
  might want to take a double take , most of the top comments seems to support voting from outside the country . 
  i think you missed the point of having an army , the idea is to `` defend their country 's freedom '' as in defend the people of the country . 
  it doesnt work that well if the people you want to defend just end up dying . 
  war criminals can have some decent ideas as well . 
  quite childish to discard them through ad hominem . 
  o_o are you daft ? 
  i said if ( condition ) then it is fine , got a problem with reading or something ? 
  so a higher standard of democracy is not welcome when it does not benefit your political views ? 
  you know what that makes you ? 
  there is safety nets existing to prevent voter fraud , independent investigations from the un etc. 
  but maybe your part of the world does not believe in these kind of `` democratic practices '' , if so ... then you can go fuck yourself and why should we care about your part of the world then ( hint this is why the situation is shit in ukraine , those guys dont really want democracy , they want their version of democracy ) . 
  go crawl into the cave you came from , why should we take you seriously / u/skypl when you argue like a prepubecent child . 
  if these persons living in moscow are ukrainian ( crimean ? ), 
  citizens i do not see what is wrong with moving them down there to vote . 
  the same rules would apply if i were living outside sweden in swedish elections , i would still be eligible to vote . 
  one could argue that the powerful are protecting the weak by not risking a war . 
  what is the total death tally of russia 's engagement ? 
  no , those two were two civilian crowds clashing . 
  this is nasty business but i would rather cede crimea with no blood shed than wage a war for it . 
  it is the smart thing to do . 
  personally my anus is clenched like never before hoping nobody does anything stupid . 
  well considering sweden has won more wars versus denmark than new countries like the us has ever been in i would say we have statistics on our aide , 
  i replied to your insult before you deleted it  something along of calling me an idiot .
