  no but seriously , do you want to be butthurt and lose crimea , or do you want casualties and war ? 
  i dont see any middle ground here that is wishable . 
  yourself seem like you havent thought this through , what is your suggestion to solve this problem ? 
  all i have heard is suggestions on how to `` stand up against russia '' which practically means either casualties or bluffing , because believe it or not . 
  there is not much in ways of superpowers capable of outmuscling russia on their hometurf , far from enough to be a deterrent . 
  and theeconomic sanctions are going to totally shred eastern europe that trade with russia , russian economy is going dooooown just because there is a chance of sanctions . 
  not even the ukrainean army wants to do anything about it because they already realise that ukraine is already split and there is no amount of force ukraine can bring out that will be able to change it . 
  it sounds bad but the favorable outcome is to sit down , let russia take crimea , get best buddies with europe , reinforce nationalism ( hah , just look at that ) in countries bordering russia . 
  and then prepare/hope for next time . 
  so again , what is your suggestion , or are you yourself an idiot not capable of realizing the consequences of revolutions ? 
  no i dont think it is right , but from a strategic stand point it makes sense in many ways , not only are they protecting russian interests ( they have military bases there ) , and russian people . 
  but also there is huge conflict between anti-russians and pro-russians in the country at the moment , and it would be nasty , tricky if the ukranian army had to step in and seperate the two ( which they ended up doing anyway , most have defected to crimea loyalty , somebody mentioned ) so have russian military ( that was practically there already before this mess ) step in and act police until the referendum is over . 
  and however it ends it would end this conflict , if they decide to not join russia then it would likely not be a problem in the future and russia would most likely withdraw troops , because believe it or not , there is smart strategists in russia , and they know that fighting a region that wants to fight back is fucking hard . 
  the most rational way of solving this is letting russia get crimea if crimea wants it . 
  nobody has to get involved in an conflict with russia and the likelyhood is that almost none will die for this . 
  we can strengthen the bond in europe over this , prevent the same thing from happening again in the future but right now there is nothing we can or should do . 
  the other option is to actually do something that could risk the collapse of eu , russia , and massive amount of casualties . 
  so what do you prefer , butthurt or war ? 
  i prefer being a little bit butthurt . 
  but what if crimea decides themselves to be part of russia , shouldnt we let them ? 
  or should we go to scotland and say , no fuck you !, 
  we didnt let crimea be independent , why should we let you ? 
  or catalonia , or tibet ? 
  but who 's voice is most important 300k tartars or a million russians ? 
  what is democracy then ? 
  well , there is different levels of rational people , one level is fucking morons , the next levels are not morons but at least they realise being a sheep is not that bad , next level people understand something is bad and want to do something about it ( majority of people on reddit is at this level me thinks ) . 
  the next level understands something is bad , they want to do something about it but they also understand what the consequences of them doing something about it means . 
  so basically its rational to understand that its shit over there in ukraine and we should do something , but its even more rational to understand that whatever we do in terms of conflict would be much more shittier than what it is already . 
  i would like to reinforce this question , it is actually very relevant , information hints that crimea is very pro-russian and a referendum would likely vote in favor of joining the russian federation . 
  so if they arent allowed to do this , then fuck scotland , fuck tibet , fuck catalonia and all the other regions wishing independence . 
  i am not even pro russian but clearly the favorable outcome would be to yield crimea , else in 20 years we could say to our children `` oh ww3 started because ukraine got butthurt and didnt want to lose their not ukrainean citizens , so they decided to make fuss about it , and here we are with 20 million casualties 20 year later , crimea is a crater right now anyway . '', 
  im not saying above will happen , but the possibility is there and i dont think crimea is worth it . 
  tbh , i get this feeling as well , its like anti-russia is the default , and most of my native english speaking friends are deep into anti-commie doctrine , its quite sick really . 
  sure what russia is doing right now might not be quite right , but people seriously claim `` we need to send military asap ! '', 
  and `` omg why isnt anyone doing anything ? '', 
  and `` ukraine is going to war with russia ! '', 
  its time to step back , look at the options and see what the consequences is . 
  the likelyhood is that ukraine military has escalated this from barely any blood shed and loss of crimea , into a possibility of a full eastern europe conflict with a possibility of hundred of thousands of casualties , unless this ends now/soon . 
  so is crimea ( which is already majority russian and pro russian ) worth the possibility of conflict ? 
  do you really think russia believes it beneficial to annex a region that is not pro russian to begin with ? 
  it would not just bruise european economy it would set of a chain off collapses . 
  finland and baltic 's would probably collapse as big part of their trade is with russia . 
  who are they going to rest on instead ? 
  didnt the same document also say russia was in their right and obligated to defend `` russian '' ( ethnic ) territory in the case of opposition trying to claim that territory . 
  which can be argued is what is happening right now , now that the opposition has overthrown previous government ish . 
  http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/hemv%c3%a4rnet this is the swedish militia . 
  i was merely saying what i did because looking at how the swedish militia equivelant looks like it wouldnt be so weird to call those russian soldiers a militia . 
  http://hemvarnet.se/om-oss just use google translate if you want to read about it . 
  in comparison whatever you call militia looks like hooligans . 
  and even comparing the swedish militia to those russian soldiers `` storm-troopers '' the swedish militia looks quite impressive ( actual russians would probably kick ass based only on the training tho ) so no ... i do not need to see a doc , swedish militia could easily have done exactly what those pictures depict russian soldiers doing , which is what i was comparing to . 
  taking an undefended airport , no problem . 
  i just didnt think the word for hooligan/mob in ukraine was `` militia '' . 
  ( small jab ) or that you didnt have an actual trained militia to begin with . 
  also look at the state defence forces in the us thats also a well working militia . 
  exactly , and why should we oppose if it is by the books , doesnt even un charters claim we should intervene if ukraine tries to mess with the transfer ? 
  iraq was over in something like a week wasnt it ? 
  the actual issue with iraq was the insurgents . 
  which ofc happens when people gets forced into a situation . 
  this is 100 % different . 
  a majority of the people that will get `` invaded '' already support the idea of becoming part of russia . 
  they go from being russians in ukraine wanting to be part of russia , to being russians in former ukraine now part of russia , the potential for dissent is quite minor and from what it seems , they are well on the way to doing this by the books with referendums etc. 
  it is quite hard to draw paralells when comparing wars , especially when different ethnics and social norms are competing . 
  this one quite straight forward it is russians wanting to be russians and russia are trying to make russians part of russia , because they want to be part of russia . 
  i dont know how it works in ukraine , but here in sweden we have our own version of militia ( home defense ) where easily enough amount of people would have enough military training and access to equipment that could match what we have seen from ukraine . 
  http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/hemv%c3%a4rnet if sweden had a crimea equivelant area ( in terms of population/size ) that home guard would easily mobilize over 2000 in the span of half a day , fully equipped and prepared and over a week they would most likely grow to numbers in 5000 . i dont see how ukraine does not have something similar . 
  most countries `` militia '' guard actually have quite good stuff , sure its not 2014 edition tanks and stuff , but at least they have 1970-1980s tech . 
  which is what it looks like here . 
  and generally militia is not that undisciplined , sure they are not really soldiers but they know what they are doing , the goal of having a militia is to create a core defense where the military does not have the manpower . 
  over here in sweden you can join home defense forces and you get training on how to use a huge variety of weapons . 
  typically home defense recruit young people in the 14-16 age range and then over the years train them until its time for them to enter military service , where they typically get put on officer training instead of regular conscription . 
  there is not much violence going on , and it sounds like they are trying to manage to shift crimea into russian territory through proper means , having referendums etc etc. 
  from what i have seen it is actually very civilized and i think any move by ukraine military would just mess shit up . 
  they are most likely russian soldiers i think most people agree on that , however the question is : are they from russia or are they from ukraine . 
  remember a huge part of ukraine population is russian . 
  nobody is talking about an annexation of ukraine , evidence points that russia only wants the russian part of it , which is basically the south east of ukraine . 
  this is smart because the local population there wouldnt mind that much , they are already russians and they have already voiced their wish to enter the russian federation . 
  there is no reason why russia would want the actual ukraine part of ukraine , the mess and headache it would create both short term and long term would make it not smart . 
  hmm . 
  i think this could actually be good for ukraine , a big reason they are not part of eu is their russian population . 
  if russia makes the move and takes the russian part of ukraine , the ukraine part can be accelerated into eu , as there would be less opposition for that , and eu would likely want that . 
  i would say what you said is irrelevant as it would be a different situation . 
  what is the point of resisting and creating a mess when a potential enemy is on the border getting ready , and the force they got ready is already outnumbering your own defense . 
  and even so ukraine military is most likely divided , as half of them are likely russians . 
  ukraine and russia both have modern armies , they both have modern and `` western '' like society , this wont be like afghanistan where russia fights vs some insurgents in a cave for 10 years . 
  whatever happens in ukraine if russia wants to do something is that it will be over fast as hell , and russia will succeed . 
  i bet russia has learned from history , they would only want territories where russians live , because the local population wouldnt feel oppressed and they might even like being part of russia , its a secure investment , not like the soviet expansion . 
  anyhow , if ukraine and russia play this smart very little bloodshed will be had , russia gets part of south east ukraine , ukraine gets rid of their russian opposition . 
  theres a video on http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article18453677.ab where some of them wear rifles without magazines inserted , but others do . 
  it feels like if there is a moment for russia to expand this is it . 
  there will be minimal local resistance and most likely ukrainians would n't mind that much getting rid of their russian population . 
  as long as the russians do this with minimal fatalities ww3 is far from happening, 
  face ... you should try breathing the air here , i swear i can hear my lungs shatter sometimes . 
  they already own a significant part of scania , they just need this last piece to get just the right amount of power . 
  but i get what you are saying, 
  no the other ones being funded by the us and nato, 
  you have n't been in sweden ? 
  it 's not that uncommon to see asian wives really , thai being the most common since the swedes going to thailand far too often ( seriously we have a problem ) also other asians such as chinese have it as cold and boring over there as here , so why not just get some white-asian babies with that ? 
  scandinavian countries pretty much do n't have any language problem for internationals , it 's probably the best place after netherlands in speaking english as a second language, 
  as a swede it sounds like a finnish speaking norwegian with plenty of th sounds, 
  because that 's illegal really , being married does not guarantee citizenship , typically the immigration board will do a 3 year `` quarantine '' check where you receive temporary visa and you will be called for interview and you would need to be registered together for that period .
