  some say that is what makes us so identifiable , 
  get rid of potato , add one more guinness, 
   little ? 
  warsaw by that map is in different country the map is a little bit rotated , but you are waaaaaayyy off in how off it is http://i.imgur.com/tmwv4bc.jpg here is the two maps , scaled rotated so they are aligned , you can see they a slightly different but not as much as you claim , i tried to align silesia and k\u00f6eningsberg if i tried to make it a tiny bit more accurate i think they would move closer to eachother rather than away . 
  in any case , warsaw is still where warsaw is today . 
  not in belarus or wherever . 
  what ? , have you looked at a map of poland before ? 
  sure op is a * little bit off * like a couple of pixels here and there , not half a country off :p, 
   but if i go to barcelona i still speak spanish and the experience is much more rewarding than speaking another language . 
  wait , you propose speaking french when in france , but not catalan when in barcelona ?!?!? 
  well logically , all it means is that they could move up the minimum sentence length to one year , even for lesser crimes :o but realistically , that wouldnt happen . 
   i just do n't believe the canal would pay for it self considering the detour is not too great and the actual flow of goods from varna to dunabe is insignificant ( i think , never heard of such flow ) . 
  most canal works are done with centuries in mind , it will easily pay for itself over that time period , or you could `` hire '' russian pow like we did here in sweden to make it happen , 
  just you wait , soon greece will blame sweden too, 
  you didnt get theology/social structure studies in school ? 
  they explain it pretty well, 
  surely it is the patriarchal agenda to make it seem like it would be a matriarchy , but we all know that the only reason women compete with women is because of pressure from the men !, 
  ( seriously , this line has been done at me exactly 1 time on facebook , its like they would be seriously upset if equality were ever achieved ( i mean its pretty close over here ) ), 
  * rolls up serious armchair field marshal sleeves * based upon what really ? 
  things to consider : nato is a defensive alliance there would be no support from there as this would be an offensive war , and article 5 of the north atlantic treaty only require the intervention in accordance with charter of the united nations - article 51 , self defense . 
  so ... next up is finland , http://www.ibtimes.com/scared-russia-sweden-finland-make-war-pact-1821906 , so a war with sweden is a war with finland . 
  this puts the tally at 19995 +36479 active ( 29823 + 354000 ( thats not a typo ) reserve ) vs 17500 active ( 218 886 reserve ) now thats just pure manpower stuff , consider that sweden have roughly 500 000 military service aged men with basic training ( 15 months conscription ) add to that about 10 times higher defense budget of sweden + finland a very well equipped air force ( 100 ~ mission ready jas 39 gripen , 50 ~ f/a 18 ( finland ) ) vs a pretty much nonexistant air force . 
  and a pretty decent navy ( 9 corvettes , 11 minesweeper ,12 patrol boat and 147 cb90 combat boats ( cool stuff ) ) vs 1 frigate and 4 minesweepers . 
  never mind that we have 500 ~ cv9040 and 150 ~ leopard ii ready over here once estonia manages to land their 44 cv9040 so ... in a purely defensive aspect  estonia might win that one miles off . 
  on the other hand a self defensive invasion of estonia by sweden/finland is probably pretty hard , however naval + air superiority , it might not be that troublesome . 
  remember * armchair field marshal sleeves *, 
  thats sweden for you , eternal gold medal in design and image . 
  its a sort of general idea here in sweden that estonia aspires or at least likes sweden/finland a lot . 
  there is a joke going around that estonia would declare war on sweden just to become annexed by us . 
  well technically you could make a slighty less efficient anchored platform , have the main part also flowing, 
  2 million kgs is only 2000 cubic meter . 
  thats like a small lawn going up and down 1 meter . 
  its like a small ship, 
  they claim the final design to be 10 meter in diameter which looking at the shape gives it roughly 230 cubic meters . 
  the one in the video looks like they are roughly 6 meter in diameter which is about 50 cubic meters . 
  simply put , we wanted it more . 
  not going to be so much of a hostile nation if it is ceded to argentina , i mean its half across the globe what are they going to do ? 
  from a third party point of view uk seems to be the hostile one , the islands are clearly of a regional interest for argentina , and i will bet you 2 shits that their opinion on the matter is exactly the same as your opinion on china 's claim on south china sea , except from a third party 's view china 's claim is almost sensible . 
  it clearly is a swedish archipelago of egentliga finland a swedish province in the former swedish \u00d6sterland . 
  geezus , never has it been so easy to be a terrorist , you swallowed their agenda whole . 
  the point is to not recognize isis as a state , because it is none that we wish to exist because the idea of isis is revolting . 
  there is a precedence , 1921 the \u00c5land islands between finland and sweden voted almost unanimously to be incorporated into sweden , being that they are 90 % swedish and speak swedish , but league of nations decided that finland has a better claim as the island is `` clearly '' a finnish archipelago . 
  thats why toast is the superior way of eating bread . 
  we use a fridge for that, 
  china is also converting to cashless at lightspeed , street vendors take card and digital transfer using wechat and alipay and it works flawlessly because every one got internet access and everyone has a smartphone . 
  ( everyone with money to spend ) its also incredibly competitive market there , if you dont have a cashless alternative ready someone else will just take your place within days . 
  i have probably not paid for a kebab with cash since 2006 here in sweden . 
  the future is here man !, 
  just wait till you can pay for kebab with your phone !, 
  they do a bunch of kebab like food in central and western china , love their bbq lamb, 
  the question was how to prevent chernobyl not how to imagine the unimaginable, 
  see , simple stuff !, 
  well , scandinavia and europe in general is a pretty good spot to do it on . 
  step 1 : dont be chernobyl . 
  step 2 : dont be stupid . 
  step 3 : dont disable safety measures . 
  step 4 : dont be stupid . 
  most if not all historical accidents are solvable by a layman . 
  dont want a fukushima ? 
  dont build a reactor on a volcanic island that are susceptible to tsunamis, 
   but halal method is killing them as quickly as possible , without suffering . 
  basically means = slitting a cows throat is halal . 
  if you claim that slitting a cows throat is halal then your statement that  killing them as quickly as possible , without suffering . 
  is false , because it is not the quickest way , nor is it without suffering . 
  the perspective is that travelling through europe is not dangerous at all compared to war . 
   sankt petersburg was built on old finnic lands . 
  well ... actually , it was * swedish * lands . 
  its like someone did a deal with the devil to get that beneficial contract . 
  so much land but no sea, 
  paging / u/vonadler he will tell you all about the amazing leadership we have had in sweden in the form of kings . 
  we have also had a bunch of 0 ambition twats that managed to squander a lot of stuff . 
  i mean the baltic sea could have been known as the swedish sea !!!, 
   slaves implying they actually get to work :| in sweden the current statistic is 60 % of all refugees that has been in the country for more than 10 years is still unemployed, 
  well , a boltgun to the head is pretty instantaneous , so in comparison halal is not quick at all, 
   but hey if it 's going to be done sweden is n't going to leave these guys in tents heh , i guess you missed the part where plan ~ ~ b ~ ~ ~ ~ c ~ ~ ~ ~ d ~ ~ e was to house them in tents , apparantly there is not that many tents in sweden ready for this kind of shit and the onces we have for disaster management/war you cant touch , unless national disaster or war , this is just 50k people or something needing roof over their head urgently . 
  no , the ferry is more like plan g. its actually a very flexible solution , so thats great . 
  yeah , the solution the the piss smell is to make a really nice central toilet facility attended by more than 1 person , but wait !, 
  its not free , you have to pay 10 sek to go in , so up with your card that you use to pay everywhere else , oh whats that you cant pay with card ? 
  but cash hasnt existed for a decade !, 
  then you go to the nearest checkout , buy a ticket and ask for some cash as well to get into the toilet , what ? 
  they dont handle cash there ? 
  evidently they have an atm machine now and a machine that changes your 100 sek bills into 10s ( or 20s or 50s ) , but it took a damn while , and you have to ask 5 people before you get the idea . 
  and last time i saw they took cards , finally , but sheeeeet its like the station designer has a fetish for pee smell and frustrated people . 
  so yeah i bet most people just piss anywhere out of spite , i dont want to spend 10 minutes walking around the area just to get some coins so i can piss, 
  in sweden we also got the power to remove a monarch or remove a crown prince/princess right to the throne and basically put whoever we want there . 
  it 's just that since the heirs are born they get schooled into being a monarch , imagine the first day on the job when you got 45 years of practice and tutoring by the nest professionals in many political areas . 
  our monarch has done great jobs when negotiating with kingdoms like saudi arabia and thailand , having a king is something other countries ruled by a king respect . 
  actually the people , its less of an normal election and more of a `` do we think this french marshal is a suitful adoptive crownprince of sweden and our future king '' , the riksdag decided ` yes ' 206 years ago . 
  ever since then the people have literally had the power to just say no and poof , no more kings or queens , its just that it wouldnt make sense to take away something that is a net gain , they hold no power and they are told what to do by the people . 
  if we go back to the middle ages we actually elected our kings in a normal `` election '', 
  nah , we 're fine with ours , 
  probably as easy , just harder to not get noticed in the city  so planning a murder is no problem , getting away with it is hard !, 
  yep , makes perfect sense !, 
  sweden also had a plan to land 100 nukes with a supersonic strategic bomber ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saab_36 ) in moscow until the 70s . 
  we just didnt get to do any exercise runs :p, 
  night should be spelled night while nite should be pronounced nit\u00e9h, 
  a lot of languages are dictated by a committee , that committee is also changing the language so that it follows the natural process . 
  other languages , like english and french change with a natural process and then suddenly the official standard is nowhere near the natural language . 
  on the other end we have swedish and german and japanese which is very clear and consistent in how it looks officially and how it is used , ( swedish gets updated constantly to get with the flow . 
  ahem , visby disagrees,
