we 'd obviously think it 's fair that we receive the same visa policy as you apply towards the other eu nations - obviously not scrap your visa laws for romanians and bulgarians . 
  finally some balls in our foreign policy . 
  it 's tiring to get treated as second-class europeans ( especially by the visa policies of american nations ) , although emmigration from romania has been decreasing at a fast pace the recent years . 
   hungary  countries that won a war in the last 200 years pick one, 
   transylvania  hungarian territories pick one ^_^ it 's also so nice to hear 19th century ethnocentrist hungarian attitudes have changed . 
  please , tell me , in the fictional geopolitcal eventuality that transylvania once again is under the overlordship of our glorious magyar benefactors \u2122 , what will become of the majoritary romanian population ? 
  maybe they 're in for a bit of second-class citizenship like we 've been for hundreds of years , despite being ethnic , linguistic and religious majority ? 
  or maybe even better . 
  a little ethnic cleansing through mass relocation never hurt anybody . 
  that 's exactly what we 've done to the hungarian population . 
  they have parliamentary representation positively disproportional to their population , they receive a large portion of structural development funds , and udmr has also been part of ** most executives in the past 25 years , and not with token positions , but with ministers ** . 
  before it was sold off for scrap in the 90s , the romanian navy was the 8th largest in the world and in terms of spending . 
  [ it 's still moderately robust numerically , though a bit oudated ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_naval_forces#cite_note-iiss-2 ) . 
  definitely in a much better shape than our air force , and manned by 8000 personnel . 
  the worst part are the mothballed corvettes which are not part of the fleet , but they 're not decomissioned yet . 
  they should definitely be modernized . 
  between bulgaria , romania and turkey , nato has overwhelming superiority of forces in the black sea . 
  are you so prejudiced and close minded that you ca n't accept that most of europe and europeans are not far socialists ? 
  i also find it funny you 're assuming he 's american ( i think ) , where a borderline communist insanity is taking hold ( check r/politics ) , more extreme than in most of the eu . 
  and ? 
  you want the nanny state to protect you from making your own choices ? 
  find other bars . 
  have no illusions . 
  if given power , they will . 
  pkk is a terrorist group . 
  [ their most basic , tribal fears are being played and exploited by big data and foreign intelligence in a sustained , collaborative and very open effort to destroy the west ] ( http://www.tabletmag.com/jewish-news-and-politics/221885/another-strand-in-the-tapestry ) . 
  does n't make the whole alt-right thing any less retarded . 
  the implications of this election are monumental for the future of western civillization . 
  if right-wing anti-european populists had n't won last year , maybe it would have been less significant now . 
  seeing how things stand though , i feel it 's completely normal to be concerned and interested in the french election . 
  i do n't care about right-wingers who want to reduce romanian immigration for example . 
  fuck it , go right ahead . 
  but someone who 's on the kremlin 's payroll and is part of the same conspiracy to insidiously undermine western institutions ? 
  please no . 
  please , please no . 
  and on the other hand , i 've rarely seen a foreign politician match my views and inspire me as much as macron . 
  i hope he becomes a thing , and the en marche approach becomes the european norm . 
  sans freins !, 
  are you seriously making a comparison between hungary and saudi arabia/venezuela ? 
  yes , because it never left the corrupt , oppressive east fully . 
  it takes time to heal those wounds . 
  but as long as they mantain the strength to reject russia and their own corrupt political class , things will get better . 
  what veil ? 
  we 're cheering that we 'll actually have some air deterrence . 
  romanian defense acquisitions have been absolutely shameful for a country of 20 mil people in such a dangerous position . 
  it was unacceptable we had 0 , zilch , nada , nothing , no anti-rocket capabilities whatsoever . 
  thanks to trump for putting some real pressure . 
  not in nuclear capabilities . 
  what a fucking meme of a reply . 
  it 's hard to come up with any one judgement from one of your sentences that even resembles reality . 
  the level of inequality in the us is not even close to comparable to russia . 
  this is a gigantic and powerful country ruled by a handful of people . 
  which is also why they are so successful in aggression . 
  they will never ditch it without conflict . 
  please , look at their history - jingoism is an essential building block of their general zeitgeist . 
  they want to rule the world ( with their inferior model of civillization ) and destroy their enemies . 
  that 's it . 
  or see everyone come crashing down with them . 
  until they want to rule it or dismantle it from within ( like most russian news/ngos/diplomats are trying as we speak ) . 
  make no mistake - for russians , europe is just a peninsula of their continent . 
  of course it does . 
  fort the worse ( as far as most its neighbours are concerned ) . 
  what ? 
  i 've never heard a person who refers to croatia as ex-yugo . 
  not in romanian media , not my friends . 
  people likely to talk of international politics are very aware of the sacrifice of croatians for independence . 
  it 's no god damn western bias . 
  stop prostrating yourself to the insidious , subversive anti-western propaganda . 
  you 'd be fucking insane to think that dw and france24 are in the same league with rt. 
  reality has a western bias . 
   '' you are communists like it or not '' bugger off with that inanity . 
  my dad took a fucking bullet to the hip to rid us of communism . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 're not . 
   gm watch damn your pseudoscience . 
  not every pesticide or additive is cancerous or even close . 
  they banned monosodium glutamate ( which was so fucking tasty ) due to some dubious studies , before unbanning it after years . 
  yes . 
  they are very distinguishable . 
  i 'm drunk . 
  romania from 1990 and romania now are unrecognizable * . 
  at least when it comes to big cities , it feels like a different country altogether , and not just a quarter-century difference . 
  we 're pretty proud of that too . 
  it 's a chapter in every history manual , and the one big thing ceausescu did that 's invariably seen positively . 
  it was a huge geopolitical event back then . 
  no other warsaw pact country had backed out of such a unanimous and ussr-imposed action ( albania a day after us i guess ) . 
   i do n't know , geography ? 
  lack of educational opportunities ? 
  historically lacking industry ? 
  poverty cycles ? 
  then why the fuck do you say it does n't matter what language they speak and 'cause they can just scram to hungary ? 
  as much as i 'd like to see that happen , it unfortunately does n't happen . 
  ** they can only be part of their workforce in their remote regions that nobody gives a damn economically about . 
  ** they keep clinging to dreams of a glorious touristic boom , but nobody goes there anyway . 
  they also speak english at a lower rate than romanians . 
  once they learn to grow up and integrate ( being multilingual does n't mean you lose your culture , ethnicity etc ) , they 'll enjoy more opportunities . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  they 're more busy fermenting separatist movements with terrorist plots like hvim . 
  that will bring them wealth , i 'm sure . 
  keep dreaming . 
  then why are they consistently the poorest regions ( competing with some moldovan counties ) , most isolated , insular , even though we try to funnel disproportionate eu funds to them ?
