  haha . 
  yeah , right . 
  old commies ' propaganda trick . 
  they use it here in bulgaria as well - each time we have to kick them out of the parliament . 
  you should , cause one day , it may come to you . 
  i was not talking about any wars in particular ... and your facts are ... funny . 
  kinda make my position stronger  piece , brother, 
  ... same as our presidential elections in bulgaria few months back . 
  and now we have this pro-russian , communist-backed puppet . 
  when will we learn , i wonder, 
  ... or in romania , some ~ 27 years ago . 
  i think , somebody should remind the new government about that episode from romanian history . 
  but i guess the apartment is filled in with german-made stuff - so germany might want that protected . 
  not to fall into enemy 's hands , so to say . 
  is n't it funny that a guy from serbia is preaching anti-nationalist morale . 
  oxymoron , i 'd say . 
  also , nobody has to ` follow the conversation ' . 
  any normal conversation will stop right there , actually . 
  what brand/model is it, 
  interesting . 
  while sipping a hot tea , of course, 
  so you are saying this is not true , then ? 
  that is some news , west side of the bosphorus , 
  omfg first time i hear that !, 
  sounds like depeche mode a bit  did n't get thru to bulgaria , we were focused on that other hit back then, 
  pc suxx org ? 
  i will only open that site in a new private window, 
  or at least , there is no historical proof that 's the case . 
  it all started somewhere in the 1800s and was popularized by retail companies etc here 's an interesting article on the subject : http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2015/12/why-people-give-christmas-gifts/421908/, 
  that is most interesting indeed !, 
  ahh yeah  ) ) ), 
  never seen one or heard about it . 
  and i thought i know all the soviet-bloc cars  most interesting !, 
  it 's the spirit of the season, 
  true . 
  btw more info on wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_high_school, 
  in the spirit of the conversation , was it even called mongolia back then ? 
  minus china - they 've not yet got the memo about that meeting being rescheduled, 
  i still need my vacation and my gifts - not ready to give up on these : lol :, 
  in a way , that 's a fact . 
  and that thing with the tree and gifts is a 20th century expansion pack - nothing to do with christianity or even church . 
  now that 's interesting : what is the difference ( padishah vs. sultan ) ? 
  what does art . 
  36 reads ? 
  that thread was enlightening , 
  on the first photo the car is a warszawa , but this one i could n't recognize ? 
  totally agree . 
   i think it 's important for countries to have documentaries that show their enemies/foes in their true colors , not some bias propaganda . 
  when russians go to miami or new york , i think most are shocked that things are actually pretty nice , and if you 're russian - nobodies gon na hit your or beat you but honestly not give a flying fuck . . which is a good thing . 
  honestly i do n't think anybody on the ex-soviet block will be `` shocked '' by that . 
  it 's the other way around - western tourists that are ` shocked ' when nothing happens to them in say , russia , bulgaria , or other eastern europe country . 
  unfortunately most western mass-media is biased even more then the russian propaganda channels ( like rt ) are . 
  especially in the us . 
  and there is n't much of ` outside the us ' news there anyway  news or documentaries for the ` normal life ' on the other side do n't make it to tv - it 'll always be some shocking story of corruption or whatever . 
  like with china - there 're 1,3 billion ppl living there in this a vast country , and we only get to learn abt the iphone factories , the china firewall , or how big their military is . 
  but hey - people there also go to the theaters , and the restaurants , and have family reunions , and maybe have n't even heard of trump or theresa may ... 
  so what you say is important - pick the right media outlet , stay informed , ** go visit ** , * think * . 
  with bulgaria , couple of reasons : - languages are really close - it was mandatory 2nd language taught in school until 1990 . btw i 'm a speaker and that has brought me only benefits thru life all across the globe and on the internet ( never been to russia ), 
  really unprecedented !, 
  there 's another aspect to that - where does healthcare cost more ( overall ) - spain or the uk ? 
  i can bet it 's the uk ... meaning , it might actually be cheaper to your nhs to support retirees outside the uk . 
  read this : https://meduza.io/feature/2016/12/06/kogda-vernetes-my-vas-ubiem one thing strikes me , what is said there by on of those fugitives - if putin ( russia ) turns his back on kadyrov , he will be a hunted down and dealt with by his own people on the very next day . 
  ( if you do n't know abt . 
  meduza.io , go look them up yourself ), 
  we slav people are so good at language-spinoffs . 
  every 50-100 years there 'll be some people that will separate , and have ` their language ' . 
  which , somehow , most of it 's neighbors will perfectly understand . 
  just think about it - how many we have like that ... wo n't name any though , i know the rules :d, 
  if you look at it , a lot of the disagreements are in the ` core ' members though . 
  not much of an argument that is . 
  is n't that something that 's behind us , now that trump got elected ? 
  we should focus on greater things . 
  a plane should always have enough fuel to reach to a secondary airport . 
  always - by regulations . 
  fuel onboard is usually calculated to the last gallon , and not more is loaded then necessary . 
  so even if you fly a 500km distance , there wo n't be fuel to cover 1000 + more . 
  it 'll be enough so that nearest backup airport can be reached , plus some extra ( for circling , headwinds , etc ) . 
  and that 's it . 
  well i guess they 've calculated it . 
  and in another 5-10 years , when technology improves even further , you 'll have your flights to melbourne , monsieur !, 
  i 'm just surprised , that 's all  not many ( if at all ) redditors from cuba here in / r/europe, 
  and specifically , the frankfurter and hamburger drifts, 
  that is good news - serbs belong to the eu - it 's natural . 
  and it 's about time one can travel from sofia or thesaloniki to/thru serbia , croatia and slovenia without restrictions and borders , 
  really ? 
  tesla powerwall ? 
  horrible :'(, 
  t ` was just been formed and was rapidly expanding . 
  ix century became a period known as ` godlen age ' - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_bulgarian_empire#the_golden_age, 
  we should stop having each of his statements on the ist page or / r/europe it 's ridiculous downvoted /, 
  this can be arranged :d, 
  there , there , let 's get back to the chocolates . 
  for the record , i prefer karlovacko over jelen pivo . 
  but do n't kill me now , please, 
  haha , 
  do you consider medenosrce a chocolate ? 
  my stance on that chocolate crisis depends on that answer, 
  well , you keep do n't liking each other  i 'm sure same thing could happen in beograd , but with croatian chocolates . 
  what 's up with you people ( croats , serbs , slovenes ) - relax !, 
  dafuq did i just read !!,
