  well not only - i 've read somewhere that if you leaved in proximity of horses , you 're kinda protected as the fleas carrying disease did not like horses . 
  on the other hand , that might be attributed to luck as well , 
  time for some action sanctions , maybe ? 
  expelled from nato ? 
  freakin ' awesome !, 
  i have to go there one day . 
  flag is similar . 
  name is similar . 
  all good , arkada\u015f , let 's go !, 
  or are they really ? 
  dutch citizens for sure , but ... 
  < offtopic  btw - that reminds me of all the crap bulgaria and romania had to take about the roma integration from mostly western countries who are so multicultural etc. 
  the circle is now complete , as some may say . 
  some integration just do n't happen . 
  and no , i do n't like any of this :( < / offtopic , 
  good one , 
  well , vote properly on the referendum then , 
  you prove nothing , really , as i 'm exactly debating the `` were able to get them down '' vs. `` somebody in dc decided get them down '' for whatever political reasons . 
  yeah , no reason given . 
  go next week , same bunch of docs , another clerk - visa given . 
  and i 'm not unique in any way , have friends that had the same experience . 
  oh , and of course - each time you pay the full fee , about 150 $ or something . 
  the non-dotted world is absolutely barbaric !, 
  he 's getting crazier by the hour . 
  i 'm positive they have an internal quota to keep the numbers that high . 
  personally have been denied us visa twice in my life , only to be granted it on the 2nd try a week later . 
  in both occasions . 
  and each time i see people around me being rejected for utterly stupid reasons . 
  so these numbers are really up to them , it 's quite funny to base anything on that . 
  that would explain the massive recruiting campaigns in bulgaria 1-2 months ago . 
  with relocation package to ireland . 
  i like that . 
  same story as in the spotlight movie same institution . 
  just another country :( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1895587/, 
  okay , yes , you got me there , 
  maybe they stuck with the chevy brand for the uk , as it 's all vauxhall there . 
  who knows ? 
  but i 've only seen amperas locally, 
  and 2000 in bulgaria ? 
  i seem to know more in person ... 
  the 2017 stats seem flawed to me, 
  so much asthma in one picture !, 
  as bulgarian , when i hear romanians speaking , it sounds pretty much italian to me . 
  can not recognize not even one word that sounds slavic . 
  but 50 % of italian is sign language , which you do n't do , so ... , 
  bulgaria stronk !, 
  it 's awesome . 
  you 'll love it . 
  but there is no starbucks in the romanian/bulgarian village of godforbidden . 
  but , on the other hand there is tv and internet , so . 
  let me pack my bags now . 
  i am coming , teresa !, 
  these are great ideas , btw, 
  bulgaria stronk !, 
  actually , there are - ask a geography teacher from your local school . 
  that 's very official !, 
  as a sort of local , i do n't really buy this . 
  sure , you can buy arms , but its actually difficult and you have to know people and etc etc. 
  cycling is great for mtb - plenty of trails with different profile , and you can climb up as well , on paved roads . 
  or couple of lifts . 
  then , shred down :d generally speaking the mtb scene around sofia ( not only vitosha ) is quite interesting one of the famous cycling events of the year is the `` vitosha 100 '' , which is a ~ 100km round-trip around the mountain . 
  it 's a real adventure !, 
  true dat !, 
  questions : - does it matter where the grenades are coming from ? 
  - why do people think that ` ex yugoslavia '' is some area like the wild-wild-west , you just go in/out with boxes of grenades and guns and whatnot ? 
  and they sell them in the flea market . 
  just wondering ... 
  i have n't heard that name in years ... tau was great hit in bg as well i need that hat . 
  this does n't prove your point in any way , right . 
  stuff that 's reserved for the government is reserved for it everywhere ( school , police , army ) . 
  these are important control & propaganda tools . 
  but everything else * was * privatized . 
  there 's hardly any government or city owned property or factory or even small business here now . 
  well , yes it was ... 
  but of course - socialism is a state of the journey to communism . 
  one learns things , living behind the iron curtain . 
  pleskavitza and lozovaca, 
  the name of that channel is somewhat ... provocative . 
  so weird, 
  watch this youtube channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucucyesejhpedf69rrvhrh4a, 
  really ? 
  but ... but ... that is how it was present it to us here in eastern europe . 
  or venezuela, 
  when time comes , you can both agree kr\u0161ko is a serbian enclave and leave it to them to figure it out . 
  we 're 1 step ahead now , as there 're plans for another one on * an island in the danube * . 
  and the ruskies are actually shipping the stuff to here next month , whether we like it or not !, 
  beat this !, 
  i 'll give you that, 
  well you 're kinda posing as a victim , isnt it but it 's in macedonia where bulgarian memorials are ruined , identifying self as bulgarian is an issue etc , while none of that happens here ( in bulgaria ) . 
  nobody cares of you , really , unless it 's the dark hours of the night on an internet forum . 
  stop being self-victimized , and things might start working . 
  or in the mean time it 'll be all called great-albania there ... remember that bg was the first to acknowledge you as a country , many macedonians hold bulgarian passports and their cars are registered here . 
  all voluntary , you come here , not vice versa . 
  get over it . 
  they are the same here ( in bulgaria ) - super arrogant . 
  that is only because of greece , you know . 
  have n't heard anyone using that stupid name in either macedonia or bulgaria, 
  haha , there 's the occasional serbian chauvinist . 
  shut up already, 
  same thing they did in bulgaria,
