treat them like your fellow man . 
  we should flee to another sub . 
  to what extent ? 
  i mean , do you also want cops on busses or at restaurants ? 
  i believe ( accidents and ) terrorist attacks can happen , but we ca n't completely eradicate threats . 
  that would be unfruitful and insane . 
  of course this is a frightening thing , and it could have been a massacre , but i believe we are n't capable of stopping these things without giving up even more liberties - and yes , that starts with adding even more security measures . 
  i love that you can travel around europe with relative ease , and without much hassle , and i do n't want politicians ruining this for the sake of votes based on fear . 
  do n't give terrorists that opportunity . 
  this happens once , so calm down . 
  but then there is the question of how far security should go . 
  sometimes bad shit happens , sadly . 
  much love for the heroes !, 
  luckily it was n't team america saving the day . 
  i heard that scandinavia was actually denmark , norway and sweden depending on some defenition ? 
  and that finland was a tat different ( like the language , that has some resemblance with hungarian ) . 
  edit : * definition, 
  yeah , people always think we 're a bunch of farmers . 
  i mean , come on , i 'm from zutphen - instead of drinking beer all day nobody does anything , and do n't forget we were rich and cool before holland got to because of the hanseatic league . 
  most of the cities here and in the south of gelderland are the nicest places to live in ( no serious crime , friendly people , lots of wealth , lots of space , nature , etc. 
  the invasion of poland started a world war ( and i do n't think the west liked to do it ) . 
  if someone invades poland , nato would certainly help and faster than the allies in ww2 . 
  but given the fact that russia lies close by might explain why poland feels more threatened . 
  but a war would be suicidal for russia in economic ways , so do n't sweat it . 
  what are those ` visible stars ' you guys are talking about ? 
  i 've got some weird greek raki , or tsikoudia , and it tastes quite well . 
  nice , sadly i ca n't say that for guinness !, 
  my mates and i support the bohemians , but more as a joke . 
  on our annual group holiday we would play fifa a lot , and fuck up that team more by replacing every player with a keeper . 
  not a problem . 
  one question , guinness or ouzo ? 
  i often wonder if it can be considered a right wing ideology . 
  the roots are left wing , but the idea of a ` free ' , classless and leaderless society could also fit into extreme libertarianism maybe ? 
  edit : classic reddit , downvotes for questions . 
  you guys should read the rediquette . 
  he was implying that it 's new and common for a certain group of youths . 
  i 'm trying to say that foreigners are more than occasionily part of ` local ' conflicts ( because they support a common cause ) . 
  i do n't agree with those guys who are arrested , and how they acted . 
  but i do n't want generalisation , i want nuance . 
  edit . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying , you 're putting words in my mouth that i wholeheartedly disagree with . 
  but not something new , same things happened during the spanish civil war almost a century ago . 
  so do n't blame the ( anarchist ) youth . 
  blame just those guys . 
  then i know different dutch people of turkish decent than you do , so hopefully people do n't get the idea that everyone is like that due to this generalisation . 
  it would probably depend on the environment they grow up in , and the ones you meet and where you meet them . 
  i agree that eurosceptics in the uk are a bit too optimistic of themselves and too negative about the european union . 
  they even had trouble keeping their own country together , but like to be a tad too critical about the stability of a union with so many countries and cultures . 
  my country is also quite sceptical but a vast majority would n't want to leave , albeit that our economy is not as large and ` independent ' , but i guess more stable and profiting because of the eu . 
  sadly i have to admit that i do n't really mind a brexit because it would stop british undecided/confusing politics . 
  by the way , i heard that a new referendum has to be done about scottish independence if uk left the eu . 
  is that true or just sillyness ? 
  dutch government has earlier said that no one will be prosecuted for insulting a foreign leader of state . 
  a majority wants to ban the law completely altough it 's not enforced . 
  so comedians can say what they want . 
  nope , in kenya right now . 
  everyone here hates the commonwealth . 
  many want to leave it , they do n't have fond memories of you . 
  speaking of which , when will you guys finally ditch your ( special ) membership of the eu ? 
  yeah , and speaking of bikes : gibt mir mein fahrad z\u00fcruck !, 
  but i did ? 
  if you would take the poll to be representative ( which i often hard to say , altough this bureau is well repsected ) , about 16 % did n't vote on purpose so that the referendum should n't hit the mark . 
  that number could account for the whole population , but i normally find these statistics not exceptionally trustworthy , so it could be lower or higher . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm not making this up as you claimed . 
  i 'm not saying they 're misguided , or that the referendum is n't official . 
  no did win , but i want to remind people this is n't a fair representation of the people . 
  sorry to say , but research has been done : http://nos.nl/l/2097692 lots of people are against the referendum and some did n't vote for tactical reasons . 
  you get me wrong , it 's official so it 's valid . 
  some yay-sayers should 've voted but did n't , so it 's the way it is . 
  what i wanted to make clear that it is n't a true representation of the dutch public , because there was such a low turnout . 
  also , i was against the referendum from the beginning , but that 's just my opinion against so many others . 
  that i do n't agree with , we had a huge turnout against the eu constitution . 
  that was pretty clear . 
  this one seems too petty , but is still official . 
  i do n't say it 's faulty , it 's absolutely valid . 
  i just gave some nuance . 
  that 's definitely true . 
  oh i remember the one about the european constitution , about 60 % voted against it . 
  you could claim that was the majority of the people , but not this time . 
  32 % is not the people , far from it . 
  it 's 32 % of the people , imagine how small the nay sayers were then if 64 % voted againts : just over 20 % then of ` the people ' . 
  some context : a lot of eligible voters did n't vote because they wanted the referendum to fail . 
  a referendum is only valid when it reaches the 30 % voter mark . 
  sadly , many underestimated the nay sayers and lots of them voted . 
  the total turnout was only about 32 % , of which 64 % voted against the treaty . 
  this means of course that this does n't mean how the dutch public views the treaty . 
  in my opinion it 's just a shitty referendum anyway because of the ( media ) organisations behind it , they do n't care about the results for our country or ukraine , they just want to bank on the anti ( european ) government sentiment . 
  edit : for more information about the motivations of non-voters , here 's a dutch article about it based on recent research : http://nos.nl/l/2097692, 
  i would n't say that it 's a shitty job , but j like the technology . 
  what only worries me is that it costs certain jobs , and creates jobs as well . 
  but i 'm worried that this development that is going on for decades may hurt the position of the low skilled worker , or am i wrong ? 
  if you 're near , go hike in the mountains before the summer holidays . 
  i went there with a friend after my finals a couple of years ago , and it was great to meet al these fun and interesting eastern-europeans in the mountain huts . 
  i have never had so many nasty blisters and headaches . 
  those guys can drink , and will take much booze into the mountains . 
  if you have the chance and have n't been to many places in eastern-europe like me , go explore this country . 
  [ also , the nature is very , very pretty . 
  netherlands . 
  it 's the only tv i would currently watch , with quality programs ( especially the documentaries ) , and very diverse . 
  there are 3 channels , but with many contributors of different backgrounds .
