still # 1 language for research/white papers as well . 
  i always wondered watching a lot of scandinavian television shows/movies lately on netflix and thinking that according to reddit everyone should be speaking some english . 
  does english proficiency in the scandinavian countries get underplayed or overplayed when recorded for television or film ? 
  well , some of the germans apparently have already been talking about it . 
  it would make german tremendously easier to learn . 
   srs does n't brigade lol . 
  daw , it thinks it is people . 
  go into srs and disagree with them slightly about a small policy and watch how they react . 
  srs brigades like no one 's business , come on , do n't just come here and lie . 
   reddit is for the most part an extremist right-wing american website . 
  lol . 
  yer just a chinless neanderthal darling , do n't be bothered by overthinking things . 
  correct , srs is left wing authoritarian and stormfront is right wing authoritarian . 
  i do n't find either mindset to be particularly open minded . 
  the reason mickey mouse will never be in the public domain . 
  right down the drain to the mole people . 
  which is codified as laws and regulations because of who ? 
  religious people . 
  the us system sets up states to be more adversarial whereas the swiss force hegemony . 
  what does europe want ? 
  detroit would be like if bonn germany lost 3/4 of its population over a period of decades . 
  i doubt either germany or the eu would deal with it any better . 
  e germany still is not on parity economically with w. 
  once you get packs of wolves [ you get to call them cute names ] ( http://www.oregonlive.com/pacific-northwest-news/index.ssf/2013/07/new_wolf_pups_in_northeastern.html ) . 
   biologists so far this year have confirmed reproduction in seven known oregon wolf packs : in the imnaha , minam , mount emily , snake river , umatilla river , walla walla and wenaha packs . 
  depends on the area . 
  in certain urban enclaves it is not uncommon to do daily shopping anywhere in the world . 
  tortillas are good too . 
  i love me a san francisco burrito the size of your head . 
  the us was held hostage by their right wing over their attempts to give everyone in the country healthcare . 
  they have no concept of fraternity when it comes to their fellow countrymen . 
  how much of that is just untaxed booze is the question . 
  my oldest brother married a protestant from northern ireland and the sentiment is similar : only the crazies and true believers stay behind . 
  she has helped move out all of her siblings and their families to the united states over the decades and not one of them i 've heard call themselves from the uk when introducing themselves to americans , they call themselves irish . 
  poor welshmen . 
  i married into a japanese family and they are all the same way . 
  my wife only recently has begun exploring different types of bread in her 50 's . 
  our marital spats often came about over kids lunches . 
  now that they are out of the house she has become a much better sport about trying new foods . 
  this is the 21st century , their governments better get with the times and use better encryption practices . 
  the us has been monitoring them since the end of wwii , continuously . 
  that is what an intelligence agency does . 
  when the powerful have usurped the reigns of law for themselves the only philosophical worry that should be going on in their heads is the idea of the guillotine . 
  metadata about routing maybe , there is no way comcast has the storage power for petabytes of netflix streaming a day . 
  citation ? 
  that is a massive amount of processing power you are talking about , i would love to see the data center that accomplishes this . 
  if a politician is adamantly against a crime that should be probable cause to investigate him for said crime . 
  sounds like they need to stop praising allah and start praising the dollah . 
  no business wants to put up with this shit . 
  should have allowed patton to finish them off . 
  would have only taken a few dozen nukes . 
  also bring back forced tithing and have the catholic church run all social welfare programs . 
  i love the study that shows that management in an efficient organization has the least to do with productivity . 
  it is usually some sort of institutionalized work ethic that just catches on and then the management team takes credit for it even if it has nothing to do with their policies . 
  the only way most managment ever makes money for a company is quitting or firing others . 
  dna has a half life of 10k years . 
  [ darth vaders voice before voice over ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysm9ddxqv8e ), 
  they need top men on this . 
  not so long as the eu is not an elected body , currently it is run by hypernationalists bickering over a broken financial and monetary system . 
  you get it taken away in some american states for merely being in jail on election day , no matter if you were convicted or not of any crime . 
  it was here in beaverton , oregon in the 1970 's . 
  no , he is not * presumed to be innocent * or the state would not have arrested him ; he is to be * treated as if he were innocent * and given a fair trial . 
  except / r/boston is relatively level headed , considering . 
  if you go there , anyone who is cheering on the death penalty for instance is voted down . 
  at portland state all majors go through basic liberal arts , i know its the same at stanford and caltech . 
  i 'm a civil engineer , it really depends on where they go to university and if they believe in the concept that everyone should have a basic liberal arts education . 
  where i went at portland state we had 50 credits of 130 that were core social studies , literature and language classes . 
  if you go to arizona state i believe that number goes down to something like half of that . 
  not in most universities . 
  you get to select among hundreds of social science classes . 
  you can take classes on pop culture in many american universities now to satisfy the requirements . 
  my youngest daughter majored in mathematics and took classes in cinema for her social sciences . 
  she watched two movies a week , that was n't just a class but a series of classes . 
  you would be astonished how ignorant the average american engineer is about global politics , the same engineers who make the planes that drop the bombs on people around the world . 
  i think in most american high schools world history is less than 6 months of classes and 2-3 months of that are american participation in war . 
  either that or have someone pull a graveyard shift here every night . 
  some people work night shifts . 
  church bells or calls to prayer should not be able to be heard over an entire town , that is fucking ridiculous . 
  the investment vehicles most of this capital flows in and out from are not even available to the vast majority of citizens in any country . 
  is it really a free market when you need millions to get in ? 
  this time we can use a laser guillotine . 
  do the french still know how to use a guillotine ? 
  let 's lop off some rich people 's heads . 
  it is actually because americans do n't know how to season their food as it has been seasoned for them for so long , especially chicken . 
  only when your local citizens are too lazy and incompetent to have decent public transportation . 
  nyc , pdx and chicago are doing fine . 
  i liked it better when we lopped off their heads . 
  rezoning almost never happens it is extremely complicated and local politicians are lazy . 
   michael sautman , ceo of bedrocan international , the international affiliate of the only company licensed to produce medical marijuana for patients in the netherlands . 
  the company is overseen by the dutch ministry of health , according to botec 's bid for the contract . 
  i 'm guessing dutchmen ? 
  i 'm canadian-american but my mother is swiss and moved back to bern so i just try to keep up a little here on reddit on the goings on in europe . 
  our state of washington is working on doing it statewide and i know we have a few danes here trying to help write the policy at the moment with colorado as well . 
  http://www.theprovince.com/health/washington+hires+marijuana+expert+kick+state+industry+into+high/8122704/story.html might be interesting to see how this plays out internationally . 
  sounds like you guys need new politicians to at least legalize and tax marijuana production as well as consumption so you can lower you alcohol taxes . 
  has there ever been a study on whether killing all those mentally ill people in the 1930 's and 40 's has any effect on subsequent generations ? 
  do you guys not homebrew ? 
  http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=school%20lunch%20program&amp;btng=search&amp;as_sdt=800000000001&amp;as_sdtp=on numerous benefits including test scores , mental and physical health . 
  turn it into a museum . 
  not even canada or the pacific nw of the states ?
