  i think after 2014 there will be a lot of businesses and old grandmas upgrading though ,, 
  if i was saving images etc the limit would be an issue , but i 've 787 notes and i 'm not even close to reaching the limit . 
  yes , but they all made reference to the figure of christ/jesus as well . 
  there are two passages by josephus . 
  one is largely believed to be tampered with as it 's written in a style that is too flattering to jesus , however the other reference is considered authentic and untampered . 
  realize that these references within the first century of his death is far more than usual for a figure of limited importance to the romans ( at the time ) like jesus . 
  this is why almost all mainstream historians accept that jesus existed . 
  why would a contemporary historian have written about jesus ? 
  to them he was simply an apocalyptic preacher that kicked up a fuss in judea and was promptly crucified . 
  the majority of historians in the empire were not in judea , and so it was only minor news to them . 
  it was only when christianity spread that historians would have a keen interest in the origin of the founder of the religion . 
  again due to the nature of antiquity , there was likely to have been far more written about jesus as well as many of historical figures from roman times that did n't survive . 
  lolol le relevant username amirite !!, 
  jews !, 
  i loved the handheld games , they really nailed the original mechanics . 
  sonic advance was great , as was the first sonic rush . 
  the sonic colors ds version was fantastic as well . 
  i 'll probably get sonic lost world on 3ds if the reviews are good . 
  also sonic & all stars racing transformed is great multiplayer kart racing . 
  with generations being such a success and the great spin off titles at the moment i really think the series is in a great place at the moment . 
  hopefully sonic team can manage to keep a good thing going, 
  the majority contemporary historians were not living in judea , and would not have witnessed the miracles if he performed them . 
  josephus was living in judea , but was born just after jesus died . 
  the people who wrote about jesus performing miracles unsurprisingly became his followers . 
  i think you really overestimate how jesus was viewed . 
  there were very few contemporary historians living in judea for one thing , let alone caring about who they saw as a worthless apocalyptic preacher . 
  jesus significance in the roman empire is akin to asking whether people from national geographic in dc would have cared about a doomsday preacher in an alabama parking lot , who fifty years later started to get a religion going in different states . 
  the news of jesus only reached rome once christians arrived there years later . 
  it is only as christianity spread , that the historians of the time took interest in the religion and its founder . 
  the absence of literacy/writing materials for only the learned and the limited number of historians in the roman empire . 
  it 's not like anyone could write about him like today . 
  news would spread primarily by word of mouth , and then there 's the language barrier where most in judea would n't speak greek or latin . 
  do you see now ? 
  even having five references to him by people without an agenda by the 2nd century is remarkable when placed in proper context . 
  oh my sagan this site is brilliant, 
  um , as a person with a phd in googling `` islam '' i can confirm that islam is n't a race . 
  therefore it 's fine for me to treat them like shit and generalize their entire religion because i like to think i 'm smarter than them . 
  i got into an argument with one in worldnews . 
  am i in the right here talking about context/significance of christ ? 
  you can not kill the brave ones, 
  this is fucking mod abuse and i 'm not going to stand it . 
  subscribers of / r/circlejerk let 's stage a protest , this is fundie/nsa bullshit and everyone knows it . 
  spore would have literally taught people science if made by valve . 
  then ea got their evil jewish romneys on it , and the rest is history . 
  this is science, 
  we live in the universe that atheism created . 
  therefore carl sagan lives within every apple pie stained keystroke i type, 
  what do you call a polish pole vaulter ? 
  a pole vaulter . 
  lol, 
  you mean the truth ^ tm !!!!!, 
  man fuck those atheists , i wish they 'd leave me alone . 
  hey atheists , why are you so angry ? 
  ### the jews did this !!, 
  right but persians are n't arabs and neither are pakistani , indonesian , malaysian or chinese people just because they 're muslims . 
  excuse me , all i need is the truth ( revelationtruth666.blogspot.info . ), 
  did you know rome and america were both literally the most powerful empires on the earth 2000 years apart ? 
  the parallels do n't even end there ^ ^ ok ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ they ^ ^ do checkmate `` historians '', 
  i think it 's largely because ancient macedonia was mostly in today 's northern greece . 
  the macedonian republic today , only the southern part of the country was in the ancient region . 
  the greeks resent it because the country is falsely trying to claim heritage , that should be shared between several countries ( or at least greece as well ), 
  here 's a map from wikipedia showing the outline of the old kingdom http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:macedonia_region_map_wikipedia.png, 
  i used to dislike worship songs a lot , but there 's something beautiful about a congregation coming together and singing praises together , regardless of whether it 's a hymn or contemporary worship song . 
  they 're often simple musically and lyrically , but it 's because they need to be accessible to anyone . 
  you 're not `` performing '' to the audience as a worship leader , you 're part of the congregation and meant to simply be the musical portion of the congregations worship to god . 
  my favourite `` worship song '' is be thou my vision and i often see people here claiming they wish they 'd just sing hymns at church , but honestly how many hymns are as musically good as be thou my vision or amazing grace ? 
  the old anglican church i went to had a good mix of worship and older hymns , but throwing out all worship songs is n't the best way to go about it . 
  there were plenty of rubbish hymns in the 19th century , and its true with modern day worship songs . 
  you 've just got to weed through the worst of them to find the most sincere ones . 
  it would be an odd departure not having her . 
  since they will need a new theme , they 'll probably shell out good cash . 
  i played on an original and the screen just was n't big enough . 
  i found my old ds lite was too small as well , but the 3ds xl is perfect . 
  it makes a huge difference on older ds games too . 
  i 'd recommend getting a secondhand xl over a new 2ds, 
  no , definitely not . 
  3d i think probably looks better on a standard 3ds , but normal games actually look better as the size makes it much more immersive . 
  the pixels are only really noticeable in older ds games , and they still look better due to the size . 
  maybe get a secondhand xl ? 
  it 's a way better system , and considering nintendo consoles would probably be just as reliable as a new one . 
  first trevor mission the game froze for me while driving multiple times . 
  i had to take a route off road to get past it . 
  this is adorable !, 
  i believe the isp sets download priorities , i do n't think you can change it on your end . 
  they throttle p2p downloads for example , and will probably have a list of the traffic they give the highest priority to on their website . 
  you 're still spouting scientifically backwards bullshit that reddit loves, 
  feel free to subscribe to / r/liberalreality for prime examples of the / r/politics circlejerk, 
  ( number ) crunch team accounting, 
  you know that 's the kind of thing people will probably do with google glass , gamify your day to day tasks . 
  get exp for doing day to day jobs etc. 
  you could set your personal goals and then compete against other people , for getting the most done . 
  charles was a solitary man . 
  his saggy jean shorts and leather jacket never fitted him well , as the savings bin never had the best of things . 
  they say that beggars ca n't be choosers , and that rang very true for charles . 
  he never cared much for keeping appearances , after all the only person who would ever notice he made an effort was himself . 
  since his mother died four years ago he had been living alone , and lived mostly off processed foods , freelance programming and her inheritance . 
  though beard grew scruffily along the edges of his neck , his moustache only sprouted to the bushiness of a pre teen boy who once experimented with his fathers razor . 
  his hair was naturally greased and roughly shaped into something between a pony tailand a mullet . 
  there were splotches of acne on his face and a birthmark running down from his right shoulder , with traces of it trailing midway down his arm . 
  charles had n't left his house for three months , and the last occasion was because his router died , resulting in a terrible panic attack and a bus ride to walmart .
