  i think that 's a load of shit . 
  if being gay is really what you are , you would only have ever been attracted to the same sex . 
  to what ? 
  i do n't think even fox could have disputed tonights winner . 
  how not to run a campaign, 
  romney comes in second to winning the nomination !, 
  ( dr ron someonearather wins ), 
  winking at the callgirl he hired, 
  what 's up with r/atheism celebrating christians recently . 
  norm , newton ... who 's next ? 
  perhaps . 
  it 's just these two examples in particular trying to celebrate devout christians in place of christmas or worshipping the god they do that i find a little strange . 
  louis ck ~ ~ giving away ~ ~ letting us torrent skyrim on monday, 
  haha i see what you did there, 
  i 'm so glad i actually buy nintendo games , when i see such a humble man behind them, 
  i do n't think islam has ever actually attempted to reconcile the theory of evolution with their faith . 
  their very strict on a literal interpretation of their holy book ( as are some christians ) and so if interpreted literally the theory of evolution is n't compatible with their faith . 
  most of the books on reconciling evolution with faith are ambiguous when it comes to picking a deity . 
  the concept of a god works with all monotheistic faiths so it 's not neccessary to pick and choose one to illustrate its compatibility . 
  i do n't wish to be blatant but you 're a cynical little asshole who wants his ego massaged . 
  you are so brave !, 
  no , i saw a tv segment where a guy in the uk was still using them . 
  it 's just that there 's no need for them . 
  he 's running third or second place in most states . 
  i think he 'll win iowa personally and i can only hope for the best in the others . 
  if you want him to get the nomination , register republican ( just the once ) and vote in your states primary . 
  we can only dream . 
  god , please make it real . 
  it 's definitely possible but not very likely i agree . 
  models have a reputation for being superficial , then again i read about a somali model who worked very hard to become a supermodel and seemed to have real integrity . 
  it 's really good . 
  i have n't read many of the classics of literature but i 'm reading it at the moment and it 's by far the best book from the 1800s i 've read . 
  get the penguin translation rather than the project gutenberg one . 
  a lot of people thought the sequel was really dissapointing . 
  it was a really long wait , and it 's not really considered canon, 
  seriously ? 
  carpenter gets killed , how many other books have carpenters getting killed . 
  girl civilizes a wild boy , is accused of witchcraft and ostracized by the town but finds treasure in the end . 
  this is great advice . 
  i 'm actually from new zealand but i 'm a big paul supporter as whoever you have in charge directly affects the world economy and my country . 
  if i was over there i 'd be giving him my vote in a heartbeat . 
  paul would do a better job fixing the economy than any other candidate though , that 's the thing . 
  anyone else would make it worse , paul would n't fix it but he 'd make it much better . 
  dae remember those classic nintendo games that sold millions of copies ? 
  both of the games are renowned for being short and should be seen as non canon to the star wars series . 
  i think if you ignore the story and want something to entertain you for a few hours they do the job and are probably worth it for 5 bucks . 
  they take up a lot of space though , i just bought the first one and it needs 25 gigs !, 
  obama was better than the opposition that time . 
  if paul is the nominee that 'll no longer be the case . 
  seriously check out obamas voting record before his presidency and compare it with pauls . 
  consistency is something obama had very little of . 
  can we all just agree that the economy , wars and freedom of speech are the most important issues ? 
  gay marraige , abortion and evolution should be discussed but they 're not the most important issues . 
  can we all just agree that the economy , wars and freedom of speech are the most important issues ? 
  gay rights , abortion and evolution should be discussed but they 're not the most important issues . 
  they 're instant if you buy a premium ` megaupload land pass ', 
  if the economy is included in my list of important issues you wo n't be voting for ron paul ? 
  a man who 's going to cut a trillion dollars in the first year . 
  i 'm sorry i probably should have put gay marraige instead as you and and any other homosexual in america deserve equal rights , but gay marraige is far less important than the economy . 
  i do n't think you would dispute that , no ? 
  i play morrowind because it 's clearly superior and whoever does n't agree with me are casual philistines . 
  fuck your arrow in the knee . 
  not so many have the plus version . 
  i started playing the original on my psp and got distracted but will start again because of the added fanciness . 
  rape all the things !, 
  ~ ~ ace of base ~ ~ scrap that , it would definitely be enya, 
  have n't listened to the first two , but florence and the yeah yeah yeahs are hardly embarassing, 
  not really . 
  pearl jam are grunge like nirvana . 
  nickleback and creed are whiney alternative rock ( that possibly tried to mimic grunge ) . 
  they 're two different genres though some of pearl jams later stuff might be considered alt rock as well . 
  hi there , i 've got a few questions and it would be great if you could answer them . 
  * 1 ) a lot of people on r/atheism claim that christians should be following levitical and old testament law . 
  do you think jesus ` fulfilment of the law ' verse dispels that, 
  * 2 ) as far as you 're aware do you think the authors of the stories in genesis ( garden of eden , tower of babel , flood ) intended for them to be taken literally ? 
  * 3 ) how much of the gospels do you think were revised/doctored later on or after the authors had written them ? 
  i understand bart ehrman believed the ` he who is without sin , cast the first stone ' story was added later . 
  * 4 ) there were supposedly eyewitness accounts of the ressurection . 
  what is your view on this , was jesus a illusionist ? 
  * 5 ) what are your favourite bible verses ? 
  very interesting . 
  i asked some questions and i really hope he answers them . 
  i donated a little . 
  i 'll be praying for your friends family as well . 
  maybe we could xpost this into askreddit or wherever lucas 's thread was in . 
  if you want a free america ( i know that sounds cliched ) you need to vote for ron paul both in your states primary and then in the general election . 
  i do n't see obama opposing this ( or any other law seriously restricting citizens freedoms ) or anybody else . 
  his candidacy is dead sadly , and so 's huntsmans . 
  definitely do it . 
  you can always switch back later if you want so whats the harm ? 
  i 'd love to since there would n't even be a debate , just mutual agreement . 
  i 'm supporting ron paul but who would n't want a newt gingrich teddy bear ? 
  would n't mind a bachmanosaurus as well, 
  that 's an interesting point about us being biologically wired for belief , are there scientific studies on this ? 
  if this is true , then do you think dawkins and other atheists attempts to eradicate religion ( on the reddit ama he spoke of hoping religion would die in 20 years ! ), 
  are in vain ? 
  i could never be ashamed of ace of base !, 
  never !, 
  logic and reason louis ... what happened !!!, 
  well yes , but he was saying that belief in the divine is what we 're biologically wired for which i 've heard christians say but not any atheists .
