  i agree though , there is a lot of xenophobia towards mainlanders in hong kong and some of it is just elitism . 
  taiwan is part of chinar !, 
  pls, 
  this thread is posted by a good natured muslim and you 're saying you want to ridicule his beliefs to non existence . 
  there 's a time and a place for everything , so take your atheist wankfest elsewhere . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  concerns were raised before and after the joint declaration was signed in both the uk and in hong kong . 
  most obviously though , ** you ca n't object to how a treaty is being implemented before it is even implemented !, 
  the uk is conducting an investigation now , seventeen years after it went into action , as it , just like china , sees the joint declaration as being valid for fifty years . 
  it publishes annual reports , but the current investigation can not be properly conducted unless a parliamnentary delegation visits hong kong . 
  if i remember correctly , you said that the the unprecedented act of turning away a uk delegation was somehow justified . 
  i 've stayed in both mongkok and wan chai , either were fine really . 
  hong kong is so compact and has such excellent transport that unless you 're staying way up in the new territories it does n't really matter . 
  try and find a hotel five to ten minutes walk from a mtr though . 
  because as the op has pointed out , the majority of muslims are not terrorists . 
  by encouraging people to `` shame religion into non-existance '' the poster above is essentially equating islam with terrorism , which is deceitful . 
  in the context of this thread that 's what he was doing . 
  it 's not because they 're multicultural , it 's because the ruling anc is completely incompetent . 
  le praise his noodly appendage amirite ? 
  one of the saddest karma grabs i 've ever seen was an act of `` christian vandalism '' on / r/atheism . 
  he had a car decal of the flying spaghetti monster and supposedly a fundie had torn it off and left him a hateful letter . 
  as if this imaginary christian even knew what the noodle cartoon god was , let alone vandalized a car for it . 
  government shut down is a false flag operation !!, 
  no he 's right , the other migrant communities have integrated far better into the uk than pakistani 's . 
  i do n't think it 's exclusively related to islam 's prohibition against taking alcohol but it does play a part . 
  i have christian sri lankan relatives in the uk who have lived there for thirty years and they 're integrated incredibly well . 
  agreed . 
  when i read this article , all i could think was `` this will kill hong kong . '', 
  that does n't mean they 're not catholic just that church attendance is poor . 
  poland like italy , spain , brazil etc are culturally catholic and most would profess to being catholic even if they do n't attend church . 
  macao and hong kong is n't an issue as the system of governance is similar , but zhuhai and guangzhou ? 
  geographically , even with faster trains and excellent transport systems i ca n't imagine travelling between hong kong and guangzhou seamlessly . 
  i 'm sure that hong kong and shenzhen will be further integrated , it 's really inevitable at this point , likewise macau and zhuhai ( the university of macau built their new campus there ) but at most it will be a better connected region as it is today , certainly not a well integrated city . 
  most importantly , the ever growing integration between hong kong and the mainland will destroy what remains of the cities autonomy . 
  can the city really afford unlimited numbers of cars coming over every day ? 
  how is the rule of law going to ever be preserved if hong kong is just one small part of the prd ? 
  the sar government puts the financial rewards from beijing over its citizens interests every time . 
  yeah , a guardian poll . 
  sure to be a wide ranging array of views across the political spectrum there ... 
  hahaha so damn oblivious . 
  do you even holy tradition !?!?!? 
  these heretics from avignon and rome will never take away the texan papal throne . 
  isotpropyl more like, 
  pls, 
  does anyone know where you can get some good allen edmond rip off oxfords ? 
  ideally round the us $ 100 price range . 
  i want a smart casual tan leather , i was considering the flat soled doc martens round the same price but would prefer something closer to an oxford . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted , i read an opinion article yesterday saying more or less the same thing . 
  if the mexican government had introduced wages and subsidies comparable to what china did in the 80s , then it probably would have happened . 
  even if the views of crimeans matched that of the official poll , it does n't make the way the poll itself was conducted more legitimate . 
  146 % voter turnout is ridiculous . 
  as an outside observer , i 'm wondering what you pakistani 's think of the current blasphemy laws . 
  is there any chance they 'll ever be repealed ? 
  it seems they 're a measure to placate the more conservative pakistani 's and a legacy of zia 's islamisation . 
  would that be an accurate view ? 
  right , it may just have been a error by the tv station . 
  however , there were reports of intimidation at the polling booths and the tatars effectively abstained from the vote . 
  no international organization believed the referendum to be valid . 
  that 's not to mention the context of the referendum , do you really think the people had much of a choice when a foreign military force was occupying the territory . 
  if russia really wanted the referendum to be somewhat valid , they should have conducted it before invading the territory . 
  this is beautiful . 
  exceptionally well drawn . 
  if you got rid of the text and made the country balls into flags , you could probably get that into an art gallery . 
  seconding this . 
  / u/luckyspammer maybe try resetting it and clearing ip cache or something ? 
  macros ? 
  i walk on the vanilla side . 
  i laugh in the face of macros ha ha ha ha !, 
  generally referendum 's are actually conducted by the actual governing body of the state , rather than an occupying force . 
  that was only two years after he became the governor , he could n't have really implemented the changes any quicker . 
  in a modern history of hong kong it goes into detail about how the ex governor was furious at chris patten for potentially damaging the handover agreement with his reforms . 
  not to mention the hyperbole from the ccp . 
  yes , the joke goes both ways that 's why its funny . 
  no he 's trying to imply that israel is like nazi germany which is nothing but pointless hyperbole . 
  `` sometime '' may end up being five years like ff 13, 
  i think the difference is if the decision to change the character is made to actually enhance the story , or whether it 's a change for the sake of it . 
  the annie movie seems to deviate from the original quite a lot and feels a little forced to me . 
  i 'm rooting for fassbender to be the next bond , but elba could definitely suit the character too , because as previous posters have mentioned , he already has the suave bond like act down . 
  well he was white and upper class british in the original books . 
  for the films based on the fleming books , it was staying true to the source material . 
  for the original films , not so much , though the depiction of a white bond had already been established . 
  i ca n't imagine anything more forced, 
  true , that 's why i said the original books . 
  most modern bond films have n't been based on the white bond of the fleming novels and have original plots . 
  omg britain , you stole my flag !, 
  are you a professional quote maker ? 
  thank you for your thoughts . 
  i really enjoyed watching the film about jinnah , but seeing the news reports on terrible attacks on hindus and christians recently makes me feel like the pakistan of today is so far from jinnah 's original vision . 
  i 'm glad to hear that not all pakistani 's agree with the laws . 
  well , i liked it anyways ... 
  arranging something like this through reddit is n't the best idea . 
  there are some fairly cheap rooms on airbnb available that you could try . 
  here 's my slightly shorter thesis in maymay form . 
  [ * if the wise men were so wise * ** why did n't they use a ( science powered ) gps instead of following a star ** ] ( / starsandshit ), 
  `` no they should give us free games and shit . '', 
  - / u/stumoh00, 
  i 've seen geckos on the port hills before . 
  they 're not that common though . 
  universities are such oppressive places . 
  we shall play our part mother ; just tell us when the invasion begins .
