  this is the foremost online expert on religious history who discovered that the abrahamic god is actually a volcano . 
  hong kong belongs to the hong kong people !, 
  yeah , kingdom hearts has a far bigger cast than any final fantasy . 
  i do n't think there are any . 
  the e3 one showed the action based gameplay though . 
  far cry 2 . 
  the explosive environments , moddability and pseudo realism in healing/damage made the game really exciting . 
  i also thought the vehicle choices and ability to slide made it a lot of fun . 
  unfortunately nearly nobody plays it now on steam . 
  the tunngle unofficial community is bigger than the official one . 
  he 's my neighbour , 
  ### ^ science !, 
  can walk ? 
  i get that he 's a wanker but this just shows me he 's not a paraplegic . 
  came here to say this . 
  / u/dead _ rooster like gerry brownlee , also played a role in developing the earthquake machine that set off the christchurch quakes so that tax subsidies go to the fat cats in wellington !!, 
  source : captchaliterate.blogspot.co.nz, 
  it was beautiful while it lasted . 
  one of his threads was in indianauniversity asking where the best coke machines on campus were . 
  another was a rage comic about his mum buying him pepsi instead of coke . 
  it eliminates cookies on the site , right ? 
  well i just thought i 'd let anyone subbed here know , since i know it 's linked a lot in here . 
  because singapore hates colonialism right ? 
  it 's not like english is even more mandatory than hong kong there . 
  there 's a list of several editors at the scmp here , who you could probably pass your details onto a writer . 
  fuck you . 
  he 's not even being assaulted but sexual exploitation is a real problem . 
  what do you read ? 
  i ca n't read canto so the apple daily is a no for me . 
  as a foreigner who 's interested in moving to hong kong , i like to read it to keep up with the news . 
  it should be noted that i 've upvoted every single person who 's disagreed with me here , as far as i know . 
  that said . 
  in 7th grade , i took a test on the bible without preparing for it at all , it was spur-of-the-moment , i knew about it about an hour ahead of time and did n't do any research or anything . 
  i scored higher on it than the average fundie and used the results to taunt them all about how their god all hated them . 
  an iq test has shown me to be in the 99.9 th percentile for genius . 
  this is the highest result the test i was given reaches ; anything further and they 'd consider it to be within the margin of error for that test . 
  my mother 's boyfriend of 8 years is an devout catholic who graduated seminary . 
  at the age of 15 , i understand theology better than him , and i owe very little of it to him , as he would rarely give me a decent explanation of his fairy tales , just tell me that my antitheism was wrong and become aggravated with me for not quite understanding free will . 
  he 's not particularly successful as an theologian , but i 've met lots of other fundies who are n't as good as me at theology , so i 'm guessing that 's not just a result of him being bad at it . 
  i 'm also pretty good at philosophy . 
  i do n't have a degree , and other than a wikipedia article i read on nietzche i do n't have a better understanding of any aspect of philosophy than any actual philosopher , but i have lots of ingenuity for thinking of new things . 
  for example , i independently invented the problem of evil before finding out what it was , and i was only seven or eight years old when i started refuting pascal 's wager ( my first idea being that if god existed , then why would n't he make pokemon ? 
  ( in hindsight , probably not the best refutation , ) . 
  i 'd go as far to say that i have independently thought of basically every branch of philosophy i 've come across . 
  every question of existentialism which i 've seen discussed in rational wiki or xkcd or reddit or anywhere else , the thoughts have n't been new to me . 
  philosophy has pretty much gotten trivial for me ; i 've considered taking a philosophy course just to see how easy it is . 
  psychology , i actually understand better than the people who wasted money on degrees with it . 
  unlike the stem fields , there 's no aspect of psychology which i do n't have a very good understanding of . 
  i can debunk many of even sigmund freud 's theories and can understand what makes a person religious . 
  i 'm a good enough writer that i 'm writing a blog and so far everybody who 's read any of it has said it was really good and that its plausible to expect to have lots of followers . 
  and that 's not just , like , me and family members , that counts strangers on the internet . 
  i 've heard zero negative appraisal of it so far ; people have critiqued it , but not insulted it . 
  i do n't know if that will suffice as evidence that i 'm an intellectual . 
  i 'm done with it , though , because i 'd rather defend my atheism , since it 's what you 've spent the most time attacking . 
  the following are some examples of my morals and ethical code . 
  i believe firmly that everybody except religious people deserve a future . 
  if we were to capture hitler at the end of wwii , i would be for executing him , solely because he did it for his religion ( gott mit uns , google it . ), 
  if in fact , if we had any way of englightening him and knowing that he was n't just pretending not to be a fundie , i 'd even support the concept of letting him go free . 
  this is essentially because i think that what you believe in the present is a separate entity from what you believe in the past and therefore whether you have a future , and while your present self should take responsibility for your past self 's delusions . 
  it should n't be punished for them simply for the sake of punishment . 
  we can spare them if the reasonable self regrets the actions of the pasts stupidity and feels genuine guilt about them . 
  unlike a magical tyrant in the clouds , i do n't believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices are n't harming others . 
  i do n't have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever ( short of physically acting out necrophilia , pedophilia , or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but i do n't care what a person 's fantasies consist of , as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them . 
  except for religion of course ) . 
  i do n't have much issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to , or clothes they wear , etc ( except for bach and crucifixes ) i know that 's not really an impressive moral , but it 's unfortunately rare ; a great many people , especially those my age , are judgmental about these things . 
  i love everyone , even people i hate . 
  i wish my worst enemies death and despair ... and love . 
  rick perry is a vile , piece of shit fundie , deserving of zero respect , but i wish for him to change for the better and live the most logical life possible . 
  this may take imprisonment or torture to break free of their psychological chains , but i love them . 
  i wish this for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty much a pacifist . 
  i 've taken a broken nose after stealing the church plate without fighting back or seeking retribution , because the guy stopped punching after that . 
  the only time i 'll fight back is if 1 ) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2 ) if i do n't attack , i 'll come out worse than the other person will if i do . 
  in other words , if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me , i do n't fight back . 
  i 've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious , because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i 'm never in a situation where i 'll be worse off after a fight . 
  if i 'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries , i really do n't care . 
  the only exception is if someone is going after my fedora . 
  even then , i 'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself . 
  if someone points a rosary bead at me and i can get out of it without harming them , i 'd prefer to do that over killing them . 
  i consider myself a mens right activist . 
  i do n't believe in going against gender roles ; they may happen naturally , but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally . 
  as in , the societal pressure for abandoning gender roles should really go , even if it 'll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord . 
  i treat women with the same outlook i treat porn stars , and never participate in the old srs `` women are individuals '' circlejerk , because there are multiple women out there and each have the same traits just like there are multiple monkeys out there and each exhibit the same behaviours . 
  i do n't think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome house wives out there by going on and on about the feminists who are n't equal . 
  that does n't mean i look for places to victimize women , i just do n't believe it 's fair to make generalizations such as the one about women getting a degree is ok when it 's really not ( and that 's a particularly harsh example , because all men do that ) . 
  i 'm getting hard from citing these examples and i 'm guessing you 're getting too overwhelmed by reading them , if you 've even made it this far . 
  in closing , the people who know me in real life all respect me , as do a great many people in the reddit atheist community , where i spend most of my time and where i 'm pretty known for being helpful around the community . 
  a lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times , and i spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there . 
  yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite professional/influential quote was , and my quote was second to the top , so i guess other people agreed ( though , granted , it was a pretty low-traffic post , only about a dozen competing comments ) . 
  and , uh , i 'm a pretty good faith smasher . 
  all that , and i think you quoting the bible in this thread was totally assholish . 
  so what do you think , now that you at least slightly know me ? 
  well complaining about it does n't do any good . 
  i 've had some good conversations here , just do your best and ignore the downvotes . 
  did you hear about the mainland students complaining last year that they could n't understand the course when it was canto only . 
  they enrolled so that they were about half the class deliberately so that the professor had to appease them and teach bilingually . 
  the worst thing he said was saying black people were well off in jim crowe times , which is completely indefensible . 
  i do n't know why that was n't pounced on instead of the anti gay remarks . 
  marriage has n't just been between a man and a women . 
  historically and currently in several middle eastern countries , it 's between a man and several women .
