  yes they lived in poverty , but from my understanding there was no semblance of anything resembling a modern economic system , so their poverty had to be viewed in that context . 
  they traded between communities and mostly lived off the land . 
  even if aborignals today have access to all the modern creature comforts of other ausralians , they endured an entire century of discrimination , having their children taken from them and their entire lifestyle die out . 
  you 've got to have some compassion , even if you 're to dismiss their culture as less prolific than a european or asian one . 
  they also needed to have a flag . 
  aboriginals have one now , but they did n't at the time . 
  a rather unfortunate mistake to make . 
  i do hope you realize that the reforms made in the 19th century were in the context of a a massive program of westernizing and modernizing the ottoman empire . 
  western schools and military academies were also introduced at the time . 
  the idea that the population was suddenly liberal enough to embrace lgbt rights as we know them , is a somewhat flawed view of the period . 
  singaporean employers ca n't exploit their workers to the extent they do in the gulf . 
  just make you sure you pick a genuinely nice hotel . 
  i went with family on some groupon style deal to one and they served high tea with tea bags . 
  absolutely abhorrent . 
  seriously ? 
  in nz and australia it 's standard . 
  i assumed the yanks used it too . 
  america is the only country in the developed world that does n't have electric kettles as standard in their kitchens . 
  one of my relatives who lives in london had only been to the nationaln gallery for the first time in his life last year . 
  he 's in his mid 50s . 
  a lot of centrist voters like myself would rather see a labour nz first coalition than them depending upon the greens to govern . 
  the greens still embody far left social policies that are off putting to potential swing voters , though i must admit they have consistently had the best tech and it policies . 
  that was the only game i 've played where i actually thought it was sadistic . 
  most other video games where violence is an option or encouraged it has a reason for it . 
  postal 2 is just gratuitous violence , with no real reason for the carnage . 
  when people defend child marriage for the sake of `` respect '' , then you know that moral relativism is wrong . 
  i 've seen the film footage in ww2 in colour , so it 's definitely real . 
  ithere are numerous ww2 era films depicting churchill , and very little colour footage from the era . 
  it 's not unreasonable to assume someone would mistake the picture as being from a film . 
  sorry , who 's even hating on the poms here ? 
  how nice of you to post the exact same colourized source i mentioned the still was from . 
  really speaks to the abundance of material available . . 
  this is a bit misleading . 
  there 's like fifty different asian shops spread out amongst several arcades behind it . 
  i agree they should probably opt for some more decorations if they want to give off a real `` chinatown '' feel , but again the shops are inside the arcades . 
  you ca n't really see anything from the car park . 
  i mean it 's a nice gesture but unless you 're going to a cafe in ruatoria , it 's probably not going to be any practical use . 
  another clueless kiwi gaijin here , but are n't the warnings issued by the cell carrier ? 
  so long as you 're on a japanese carrier should n't you get them ? 
  the us supreme court ruled in the 19th century that any form of secession is unconstitutional [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/texas_v._white] . 
  whether a state wants to secede or not is irrelevant , it violates constitutional law . 
  your union is far less democratic than you think it is . 
  you can change that . 
  get out your camera , it 's time to take a photo of your spare loaf of bread !, 
  i wonder who could be behind this post ... 
  today the weather is really nice . 
  you could head down to the beach suburb of sumner . 
  there are some nice places to have dinner there , plus an independent cinema , the flower track walk and of course the beach . 
  if you have n't been to akaroa that 's worth a day trip too . 
  most developed countries [ allow dual citizenship . 
  ] ( http://www.movehub.com/sites/default/files/filemanager/high-res-updated-dual-citizenship-graphic.jpg ), 
  you can infer whatever you please , but the point is that for the majority of potential immigrants to new zealand there is no issue with dual citizenship . 
  i know that religion is seen as responsible for so many problems plaguing humanity , but if it did go away what would be solved ? 
  wars , greed and bigotry would still exist would n't they ? 
  is religion responsible , or is it just a scapegoat for the worst of ourselves ... or would our major problems just go away ? 
  what do you guys think ? 
  i know this is very unlikely , and a long shot but i 'd love it if mila kunis did an ama . 
  if you did n't know , she 's a self confessed ` nerd ' admitting to playing wow , mario kart and several other video games . 
  she is also is a big fan of star trek . 
  so aside from being a beautiful , funny and confident actress , she could probably relate with many redditors views . 
  so if anybody knows mila in any remote way , be it a friend of a friend or a friend of a friend 's cousin , we 'd love it if she could respond to some questions . 
  [ bad spanish ] [ instant karma ] [ john lennon ] [ carl sagan ], 
  i 've viewed this subreddit quite a lot and admire your rationality . 
  the majority of you seem to be calm and respectful when dealing with posters of a conflicting ideology . 
  one of the major causes of me not really getting atheism , is i still find that there seems to be a need for a designer/creator . 
  it may be of limited understanding , but i 've never really gotten how abiogenesis and the big bang could work . 
  i 'll just post the crux of my argument , from when i replied to a comment on youtube, 
  god was not created , but by merely acknowledging god then this argument becomes null . 
  if you are to ask the question hypothetically that god created everything , everything must have a creator so who created god ? 
  you 're already acknowledging gods existence in a hypthetical context . 
  you merely need to look at the characteristics of a deity to realize this argument is useless . 
  ` god ' is said to be all powerful , all present and yet you are asking why he has a creator ? 
  if he is all powerful , and if you are to attribute him with divine qualities then surely he does not need to be created . 
  to be created , limits his power . 
  to say that god was created , and is all powerful is a fallacy . 
  the ` has to be a creator ' is the main objection i have to the big bang theory . 
  that ` nothing ' collapsed on itself does n't work in science , there has to be something there , a catalyst to cause a reaction . 
  if you are to say that various particles caused the big bang, 
  it poses the question , what created these particles . 
  what created that which caused the bang ? 
  if you say that these were always there , are you not attributing divine qualities to them . 
  for them not having a creator , or indeed the big bang happening without anything , it being the start of all life and time itself , then is n't it by definition a divinity ? 
  is it said that there were particles that caused the big bang , or that there was nothing . 
  that there was nothing , seems even harder to understand . 
  i 'm sure some of you can probably explain what i 'm not understanding , so please in simple terms , could you help clear this up ? 
  that 's right folks , so witty right ? 
  hit that arrow like it 's no tomorrow . 
  hi / r/software, 
  i 've been using various options for downloading videos of youtube in the past . 
  i 've got youtubedownloaderhd , a copy and paste video downloader installed on my laptop but i seldom use it . 
  i prefer the realplayer firefox addon for convenience as it lets me just download the video from within the browser . 
  so to make it clear i do n't need a regular youtube or non protected flv downloader . 
  instead , i 'm after one that can download the embedded flash videos . 
  on vimeo for example , some users have protected video that ordinary video downloaders ca n't download . 
  you can watch it , it 's there on your screen but i ca n't download it . 
  it 's the same with many news sites , bbc especially . 
  i try going view page source from within my browser - and copy the link but it never works . 
  so / r/software , can you help me to download protected or embedded flash video ? 
  i do n't know if i need a screen + audio capture downloader that recognizes and downloads only the specific video needed , or something that bypasses the protection on the embedded links . 
  i 'd really just be grateful for anything that works .
