  le sagan = le upvote lol !, 
  download the song via a youtube audio download program ( or if there 's a album then use that ), 
  if you have a smartphone most alarmclock apps will do it . 
  i use alarm clock plus for android , and you can set that to wake you up with whatever mp3 you like . 
  literally the bravest solider of reason . 
  spread the light of sagan brother . 
  call the aclu pronto !!, 
  literally just converted to atheism because of this . 
  i prefer the s2 out of those two . 
  better camera , speakers etc and micro sd support . 
  can we please actually do this . 
  i 'm happy to fight this war against religion to the very end !, 
  i 'm really inspired by this post . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i thought the whole doritos , metal and mountain dew was just our stereotype of atheists but i guess not ... 
  `` you wo n't debate me because your book is anti knowledge '', 
  `` ok man , let 's debate '', 
  `` shut up fundie , you ca n't do logic ! '', 
  probably not , but i 'm sure they got free ones . 
  i was joking friend , but they are pretty damn inspiring . 
  because it 's getting really repetitve . 
  it 's never going to happen and even though it 's a nice fantasty , it 's overplayed . 
  sent from my ipad , on facebook , eating doritos and mountain dew . 
  i never really got the point of the cradle on the original . 
  you can sit it on your bedside table or wherever while you charge it . 
  wish this was pal as well, 
  i swear you 're an alt account . 
  why would you keep on backing up this guy on every thread he gets downvotes ? 
  if i 'd get it i 'd go physical . 
  unless it was cheaper there 's no point . 
  nintendo have a shocking record with digital sales and accounts on the wii and you can always sell the game if you do n't like it . 
  you can always buy it on amazon/wherever probably cheaper than on the e shop, 
  fuck you fundie . 
  at / r/atheism image macros and memes are a right . 
  we are up against thousands of years of bigotry , solely caused by religion alone . 
  if you do n't like it you can ** unsubscribe **, 
  / ooc you 're basically just asking for / r/trueatheism , or / r/christianity, 
  we insult the religious like they 're retarted , make jokes more immature than 13 year olds and constantly berate anyone who has a different view . 
  what ? 
  you do n't like that ? 
  brb making a meme to show you all how intelligent we are . 
  was it a default years ago ? 
  he was indoctrinated stupid . 
  he finally saw the light of reason and abandoned the lieble when he stepped into the godless temple of the white house . 
  god or ( insert anything i like ) pick one !, 
  do n't get a standard 3ds , get an xl . 
  better battery life , more immersive etc. 
  get a supercard dstwo and the top games ( mario 3d land , mario kart 7 , zelda , kingdom hearts , pushmo ) and you 'll be entertained for ages . 
  brand new in the us i believe they 're $ 200 . 
  wait until they pop up used for $ 150 - $ 180 and get one then if price is the problem . 
  i doubt you 've seen a used 3ds xl . 
  that was what i was referring to . 
  holy shit !, 
  thefriendlyfaceplant comment is ridiculous !, 
  sure , i get the logic that some developers might find trying to be nice to the pirates can be a better strategy than attacking them outright , but do they really think that people are going to upload torrents of their work ? 
  it does n't just send a message that they 're a nice artist/developer , it 's outright giving them the product . 
  what 's the point of buying it if the creator 's uploaded their own highly seeded copy ? 
  have you thought about signing up for one of the unlimited game rental programs ? 
  i know in the uk they have lovefilm where you can rent whatever game you want on any platform to try it out . 
  the problem with your question is , it is seldom asked and there are so few posts on / r/atheism that illustrate what would make this board good . 
  pointing you to / r/trueatheism or / r/christianity give you far better discussions about religion because memes are n't allowed and there is active moderation ( also because they 're not defaults ) . 
  there are rarely posts on here that i do find insightful ( probably the last one i remember was the atheist theology major months ago ) but almost any topic on those two boards will be better because trolls and sub par content are heavily moderated, 
  upvote for nzgameshop . 
  they also have a loyalty scheme where you can easily get $ 10 off after buying 5 games or so . 
  they gave me 10000 points recently out of the blue . 
  the only downside is it can take a long time for the games to arrive , but it 's worth it for the $ 30 or so you save per game . 
  remember mario 64 ? 
  god such a gem . 
  i wish god would take justin bieber and bring back the 90 's . 
  i really recommend www.dealshrimp.co.nz , it takes all the countrys daily deal sites and shows all the listings on one page . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  christians dont even read the bible . 
  if they do see all the crap in there they hey become atheists !, 
  you should join / r/truechristian . 
  i know they would love you over there . 
  atheism for the win . 
  get the fuck out christians . 
  fundies can suck my cock . 
  just transcribing that into all caps for added atheist effect . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the atheist academy , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on fundies facebook pages , and i have over 300 confirmed deconversions . 
  i am trained in internet warfare and i 'm the top ddosser on the whole of / r/atheism . 
  you are nothing to me but just another illogical fundie . 
  i will wipe your beleifs the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit about atheism over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the logic , maggot . 
  the logic that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can deconvert you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my mind . 
  not only am i extensively trained in internet combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states atheist foundation and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the internet , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what illogical retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking deconverted , kiddo . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the atheist academy , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on fundies facebook pages , and i have over 300 confirmed deconversions . 
  i am trained in internet warfare and i 'm the top ddosser on the whole of / r/atheism . 
  you are nothing to me but just another illogical fundie . 
  i will wipe your beleifs the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words .
