  no , but you were n't talking `` french socialism '' you were said `` socialism '' which encompasses a huge amount of variations . 
  socialism is n't just having a nice welfare system , far left socialism involving state ownership of property and land seizures is still a form of socialism , albeit an extreme one . 
  i agree that you do n't need to turn to libertarianism as an alternative , but i do n't blame the poster who suffered in venezuela for doing so . 
  you 're making the same mistake as a lot of americans . 
  to liberals `` socialism '' is having a great government that takes care of you and a nice welfare system , and to conservatives socialsm is `` losing your rights and synonymous with fascism and communism '' . 
  liberals are looking at centre left socialist welfare states like sweden and conservatives are looking at hard left socialist economic failures like cuba . 
  there 's a huge spectrum of views that can all be called `` socialism '' , even when they can seem almost polar opposites, 
  dost thou not speaketh through an image quote pray tell ? 
  although you may speak of logic it seems you speaketh with words cloaked in the tongue of religion , nay even the fundamentalist kind, 
  no , but / v / has a tendancy to go to the extremes . 
  they jerk incessantly over a game ( borderlands ) before it comes out or dismiss something as crap even if it 's getting great scores and is a good game ( most ea titles ), 
  yeah but your argument is stupid because nobody is arguing that they switch platforms just for one game , but it can be an incentive to as well as other things . 
  notice i said `` before it came out '' . 
  either you were n't on / v / years ago at the release of the first game or you 've forgotten , but they hyped it as the saviour of modern gaming , then a few weeks later everyone forgot about it . 
  i do n't have a screenshot but you 'll hear the combinations of `` casual '' , `` console port '' and `` shit '' describing mass effect 3 , call of duty post 4 , and any game with mild drm . 
  ### follow your own damn ru [ le ] s !!!, 
  this is copypasta by the bravest atheist / u/negro _ napolleon, 
  allow us old men the small luxury of fawning over you . 
  it 's really ... exciting when a ( presumably ) clever and friendly mind comes in such a pretty package . 
  you are the womb most of us would love to use . 
  it 's not that we do n't take you seriously as an atheist/scientist/whatever . 
  it 's that people who are knowledgeable about this stuff are a dime a dozen but people who are both knowledgeable and hot looking are much rarer . 
  meanwhile , while everybody 's ( figuratively ) ripping out your baby , is your mother having an abortion tonight ?? 
  edit : to the horde of assholes who choose to be offended at this comment , please take note : at the time i wrote this it was n't yet known that she 's 15 . 
  i 'd guessed her to be between 17 and 21 . 
  no , i do n't want a 15 year old girlfriend to abort her baby , and my own personal standards of `` young girl '' are meanwhile at age 16 . 
  but i do n't think i 'm wrong in saying that many redditors , if she turned out to be legal , would be only too happy to abort her baby for karma ? 
  if you have a problem with that statement , then fuck you . 
  you ca n't be an atheist / u/im _ just_saying . 
  we already canonized you over at / r/sidehugs . 
  that 's a shame , but what i really want is a reboot to crash bandicoot . 
  activision has n't been doing anything with the license for years and a original mario galaxy like reboot would be amazing . 
  [ gold ] ( / ooc ), 
  all that stuff was the reason i became an atheist . 
  there has been much stated on both sides of the mod policy change , with some for and some against the changes . 
  but , in the discussion we overlook one thing , the reputation of this community.r / atheism has an online reputation that it has built up over the years , and that reputation has drawn many of those questioning their faith to check the place out , where they saw an edgy , exciting , lively place where religion was mocked , debunked , and treated less as a sacred cow and more as a cow in the slaughterhouse.now , questioning atheists will come here based on it 's reputation , expecting a vibrant community and find what has been since the change a boring , bland , lifeless place full of news you could easily have gotten off any of the hundreds of news sites out there.christians have been trying for a long time to get rid of this sub-reddit , and with this mod policy change they 've gotten the next best thing . 
  now , atheism does n't seem so exciting or interesting and will seem as boring as their religion . 
  they could n't get rid of the sub-reddit but they could , through their constant whining and complaining about the sub-reddit , get it 's hipness neutered . 
  this way , in their view , people checking out the place wo n't be swayed as easily to the dark side.the old r/atheism was a vibrant mix of serious and silly , and if you wanted more serious or more silly , there were sub-reddits for those . 
  but now , it 's just links to other news sites posts for the most part , and most first time visitors will never know about the other more vibrant atheism sub-reddits . yes , the place was sometimes like a blood sport with no actual blood , as christian trolls and atheist trolls squared off , but now it 's like going to high tea at grandma 's . will i unsubscribe ? 
  but , only because i want atheism to remain a default sub-reddit with it 's posts making the front page of reddit in general . 
  it may be a more boring atheism than it was , but i still want it to get exposure to people , and keep pissing off christians with it 's presence . 
  i just wo n't be checking it as frequently as i used to.but , i think changing the mod policy was a disservice to those who use the sub-reddit regularly , who were n't even given a chance to have a say in the change , and it is a disservice to the atheism community in general by reducing what was a vital , vibrant hub for atheism online to a limp and flaccid shadow of what it was . 
  exactly this . 
  memes have their information dumbed down so much that almost any message they communicate can be easily disproven and almost all the memes i saw there really only critiqued religious fundamentalism . 
  the times i 've found my faith challenged is with discussions on debate religion , true atheism or with atheists on / rchristianity . 
  who loses their faith over `` scumbag god '' ? 
  if anything , the sub will be more effective now for challenging christians than it ever was before . 
  because they stayed in their bubble on that sub being congratulated by fellow angsty teens on what a difference they made . 
  look at those girls with no self respect . 
  they should n't be treated like sexual objects, 
  ugh , do n't take away my porno !!, 
  anything but the porno !!, 
  they 're upvoting skeens shitty passive agressive / r/atheism philosophy http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/1fr9vj/a_reminder_the_philosophy_of_ratheism_skeen/, 
  i 'm so glad we have a completely unified and organized group like anonymous defending our internet rights . 
  oh i know , i just thought it was copypasta worthy . 
  it 's the title . 
  i like quite a few of their exclusive series . 
  i wish halo , forza and gears were on ps3 , but there 's not enough to push me to get a 360 . 
  if rare were actually still making good games at ms it would probably push me to get a 360 , but there exclusives are n't as tempting as sonys for me . 
  drake bandicoot : uncharted karting, 
  sign my petition to bring the last of us to pc !!, 
  jak x was a great game, 
  no they 've confirmed it 's still in development . 
  if we do n't hear anything this year , then it 's looking pretty bleak though . 
  the mothership has cast her scientists out . 
  we have a duty to nourish these refugees with facebook screenshots and sheltered suburban maymays . 
  that 's not a religion , it 's a denomination . 
  bravery , honesty and beauty . 
  this rant is something fundies could never produce, 
  it was n't but people thought it was . 
  we shall overcome , we shall overcome ,, 
  we shall overcome someday ;, 
  oh , deep in my science , i do believe ,, 
  we shall overcome someday . 
  / u/skeen will see us through , / u/skeen will see us through ,, 
  / u/skeen will see us through someday ;, 
  oh , deep in my heart , i do believe ,, 
  we shall overcome someday . 
  / r/facesofatheism . 
  yes they were and it was a beautiful day for all us scientists out there . 
  executive order for our may mays please mr president . 
  dammit !, 
  i would n't be surprised if they announce 2.5 hd remix but my theory is that versus will still be on ps3 and kh3 will be released on ps4, 
  oh my sagan i hope so too . 
  if your entire worldview is based on shitty maymays then it 's pathetically weak . 
  electronic arts , the worst gaming company in history !, 
  / r/atheism is currently the internets number one copypasta factory . 
  such incrediblly self righteous pleas by 13 year olds . 
  nobody likes self reflection , you filthy fundie/neckbeard/shill / hitler/insult !!, 
  oh god illum , the amount of rumprustling there is beautiful . 
  i like how this whole ratheist mod drama has drawn out more of the older cb crowd here too ( le hipster face ), 
  this this . 
  do you people not realize the '' ~ ~ homo ~ ~ mono ~ ~ sexual ~ ~ theist agenda ? '', 
  to be fair , there were tons of people falling for it . 
  tt was probably the most ooc discussion we ever had . 
  pretty sure jesus never said that ... 
  wow , so humble . 
  would n't it be great if i got modded too ? 
  i mean , not that i want to ... or anything .
