  she will now face the fury of my fingers . 
  i enter caps lock , and give my reply like a piercing scream of reason . 
  ** `` god does n't fucking exist . 
  fuck you , ergo sum no true socratic scotsman cognito logicum . 
  did you get that ? 
  probably not because you 're brainwashed you stupid bitch . 
  i hope your boyfriend gives you aids you dumb slut !, 
  i relax my fingers after the faith smashing is over . 
  i can see that my intellect is too powerful for this female , as she has already defriended me . 
  i laugh heartily but then choke on my phlegm , weezing to clear my throat . 
  it is at this time neil has hardened , and i know i have made the science spirit proud . 
  i unbotton my cargo shorts and slowly stroke neil , and he enlarges gradually . 
  i picture the fundie being overwhelmed by me and neil , and the euphoria creeps down below . 
  harder and harder i stroke neil , he is gasping to be freed . 
  yes ... ugh it feels so ... 
  `` honey , are you okay ? '', 
  i quickly hitch up my camo cargo shorts , in order to hide neil away from the illogical brute . 
  however it is too late to stop the euphoria , and it has seeped into my shorts . 
  i feel one with the universe , but i must disguise my stains to address her . 
  `` oh yeah , just adjusting my shirt '', 
  the crucifix on her neck , representing a barbaric torture instrument of her magic carpenter beams oppression across the room , as it is caught in the light of my monitor . 
  `` oh okay , i brought your snacks . 
  i 'm going out , i 'll see you in an hour or two ! '', 
  as she leaves , the sound of disenchanted maternity echoes into the room . 
  the guardian , the one who keeps me safe but embraces her delusions has provided my saturated fatty sustenance in the form of doritos . 
  i suck the dust off my fingers , the artificial cheese reacting with my saliva to form something more delicious than mere words could do justice too . 
  as i close facebook i refresh the tab of / r/magicskyfairy , and see a new notification . 
  i can barely believe my eyes . 
  could it be ? 
  is it truly possible the guardians of science have chosen me ? 
  truly sagan is most merciful . 
  i look again and realize i have been chosen . 
  it is an invite to moderate / r/magicskyfairy . 
  to moderate in the style of the great skeen , the saviour of the mothership stricken by the plague of the poison they call jij . 
  i will guard the sacred memes . 
  i will protect free speech . 
  i will stand tall in the halls of sagan . 
  i will spread free speech , no matter what the cost to my reddit account . 
  with great duty , comes great responsibility and yet i am ready . 
  my training has strengthened me , and i have been ready for years . 
  moving my cursor slowly , i click accept . 
  my eyes begin to water , and neil comes alive again . 
  the definitive version is whatever port they spend the most time on, 
  do the rest of your places include entire continents ? 
  parts of africa including reunion , rwanda and south africa ( at least the western cape ) are quite peaceful . 
  they never did anything to sega . 
  they had an exclusive deal with the for a while , but the only people responsible for not making panzer dragoon 4 or shenmue 3 are sega themselves . 
  oh my god you know nothing about australian politics . 
  comparing the liberal party to islamist rule is as stupid as people comparing obama or bush to hitler, 
  this is the only valid interpretation . 
  everybody start the love chant, 
  `` burn sinner , burn !, 
  burn sinner , burn !, 
  burn sinner , burn ! '', 
  oh wow that 's beautiful . 
  i do n't know if i could really appreciate it though , k owing what else he painted . 
  there are less with it , but call of duty/halo/almost any racing game still do . 
  as well as party and sports titles . 
  i ca n't believe someone actually made this http://np.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1ng6xq/emma_watson_emma_stone/ccii7kj, 
  check out / r/monarchism for some extreme right wing views as well, 
  reported your shitty links . 
  please do n't bother, 
  no conspiracy shit please, 
  this is for world news . 
  nobody gives a shit about your chairs !!, 
  why do you even bother ? 
  take your spam elsewhere, 
  no spam please, 
  people still bitch about religious people on the internet ? 
  i really enjoyed the da vinci code , but then again i was 15 at the time ... 
  yes , people do . 
  anywhere where there 's a christian population ( read , almost every country on earth ) there will be church attendance . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  perhaps the occasional soft drug , but class a drugs ? 
  you 're out of your mind , probably on something from the silk road . 
  can confirm http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g42qzctwire, 
  [ watch the actual video if you have n't seen it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfn-ixx9edg&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=260s , it 's the bravest thing i 've ever seen ] ( / / / #ooc ), 
  seconding this , it 's really cool . 
  could you maybe expand the width of the console though ? 
  there was never a sweatshirt with the alligators smile on it ever again, 
  simple to use on tv/comfortable setup, 
  more aaa exclusives, 
  used games, 
  no driver/resolution/requirements issues, 
  local multiplayer, 
  that quote saved humanity, 
  over-soul ? 
  more like over-lol amirite ? 
  firefox is available on fedora , which is the preferred atheist operating system . 
  your move , christard . 
  going by the username , i 'd suggest arthur gordon pym of nantucket, 
  why is a word missing ? 
  what a mystery, 
  i think what many people classify as classical music , are just orchestral soundtracks and the like . 
  he 's probably playing something like a final fantasy piano collection , and calling it classical . 
  i was going to gift gold to her comments , but it seems the only moderation the / r/worldnews mods have done is deleting her comments explaining what she did in the threads . 
  this probably explains why they have such an issue with spam . 
  browse the new queue of the sub , and you will see spam posted every five minutes . 
  i 've been reporting it for a while and the mods do nothing . 
  i messaged them and they have n't even bothered responding .
