  and to be fair there was a bit more gameplay with puzzles and horse riding sequences . 
  if you take the red pill ^ tm you can become a certified alpha in 10 easy misogynistic steps . 
  `` bash atheism day '', 
  upvoting the hitler quote, 
  the guy that was atheist because pokemon did n't exist, 
  any faces of atheism thread, 
  this is the greatest thing i 've ever seen, 
  if it 's from / pol / i 'd assume that there is a far right bias to the content , even if it is a parody . 
  some far right garbage from / pol / in ridiculous comic form . 
  it 's a fantastic film , i just wished they did n't deviate from the novel with the love interest at the end . 
  it would n't have even been that different if they stuck to the original plot , but it just annoyed me as someone who had recently finished the book . 
  oh wow , this looks really good . 
  did n't stop india annexing goa, 
  what meme has naan bread ? 
  the people did n't `` decide '' to join india . 
  india invaded and took the territory after round thirty people were killed on either side . 
  i 've seen contrasting reports as to whether or not their was support for the annexation in goa , but it was hardly a peaceful reunification . 
  i love how trying to write off mao of all people as religious . 
  communism is not a religious ideology as much as you want to paint it as one . 
  the cultural revolution did n't involve adhering to the policies of some ancient book , it was mostly about adhering to the current policies issued by the ccp at the time . 
  while you can use religious adherence as a phrase of speech , in this situation as a way of conflating the communist party as religious is just disingenuous . 
  while deng xiaopeng made much needed reforms , china certainly still has an underlying communist structure in place . 
  came here to say this, 
  oh look , religious idiots coming in trying to defend their ignorance . 
  things le reddit armie is satirical, 
  when it 's literally changing the world with upvotes, 
  [ yeah , yet again reddit misuses a term . 
  being introverted does n't mean you have social anxiety or poor social skills , which is what many redditors use the term for as well . 
  introverts can socialize , they just feel `` burnt out '' after a while and prefer time by themselves , unlike extroverts which constantly prefer being around others . 
  this is full of hyperbole and little in the way of facts . 
  america has n't tried to destroy every country that tried to `` piss her off '' . 
  iran , russia and north korea are both an annoyance but you do n't see them attempting to destroy them , least of all invading them . 
  most news media may be corporate controlled ( again , this is the case in many other countries like australia ) but each has a different slant . 
  you can contrast msnbc with fox , each having an ideological slant towards the left and right . 
  msnbc understandably denouncing israeli action since it is the popular left wing position , while fox supports it as a conservative organization . 
  i ca n't believe you have n't even been to new zealand !, 
  that 's cool , really varied . 
  what parts of china did you go to ? 
  i universally despise non universalists . 
  they 've updated the post . 
  due to the backlash from one of the original devs , the final game will not even be related to katawa shoujo . 
  they were hoping to get the blessing from the original creaters, 
  ** this is not even remotely related to katawa shoujo anymore **, 
  came here to say + pml : [ sus ] , [ c ], 
  caden pls , we all know what your team is like . 
  i 've seen that flag . 
  i 'm thinking about teaching in japan/hong kong or taiwan for a year and using the money to go round east asia properly . 
  i 've been to hong kong twice and love the place . 
  nice . 
  you 've done a lot of europe, 
  the country thing is very important especially if you 're planning on doing web design or even planning a change in career path . 
  i 'm considering taking a year off after i graduate teaching english in asia , and even for a years teaching , no employer will take you without a bachelors degree . 
  a tefl certificate is recommended as well , but without a bachelors degree there is no chance of satisfying immigration . 
  this is the only real choice op, 
  can you explain your flair ? 
  well that 's a reason as any i guess . . 
  the shwenkfelder 's sound interesting . 
  are you actually part of that denomination ? 
  i saw this one in london when i was there . 
  there has been a church on the site since the 7th century but the current building dates from a little later, 
  it 's still using the music illegally , whatever way you want to spin it . 
  the only reason copyright holders have n't been concerned is that they do n't give a shit about people wanting to watch others play video games , which is pretty pathetic in itself . 
  edit : downvotes , really ? 
  pls follow me on shittygamestream.twitch.com . 
  you can watch my garbage pile up with mountain dew cans and my neckbeard sprouting in real time, 
  yes and whether it is morally justifiable has no affect on its legality . 
  follow the law or face the consequences , that 's the way the legal system works . 
  i 'm not being intentionally dense , i 'm stating a fact that you do n't seem to want to accept . 
  whether or not the law is moral does n't detract from its legality . 
  your argument is that since you do n't like the law ( and particularly since you personally have been making ad revenue off breaking the law ) , then you should be able to subvert the law out of some sort of moral appeal . 
  my point about whether or not it is morally justifiable is describing your argument , it is irrelevant . 
  whether the law changes in the future to match your convictions is irrelevant to what it says now . 
  you can copy paste my responses all you want to paint me as being `` dense '' but they 're still accurate in every example you cited . 
  i 'm so proud of reddit for downvoting every response . 
  that will show those sell out fat cats that we mean business . 
  never forget the power we have in our clicks , i can see them shuddering in their new offices in mountain view already . 
  most immigrants are all papists so feel free to show them the truth in love . 
  yes , but most in the west have a wide range of legal sources where they can form their opinions from . 
  not so in china . 
  neither are the zebras that were hunted , but let 's not let facts get in the way of our comic . 
  i 've only browsed reddit for 10 minutes and still this is the stupidest post i 'll see all week . 
  the idea of being able to enforce laying off the booze is bullshit . 
  we ca n't stop all illegal drugs coming in , but if they were legalized it would be far far harder . 
  once you 've set a precedent legally , it 's very difficult to reverse what happened . 
  this is more about harder drugs than marijuana , but there are arguments to legalize heroin and cocaine among many who also advocate legalizing marijuana as well , despite the overwhelming health risks . 
  maybe not in south africa ... http://www.panthera.org/node/4478, 
  you must be joking ... 
  no prolonged exposure in a hot environment , left in the car or something ? 
  it does sound odd but should be covered under warranty, 
  or kiwi, 
  perhaps because their faith has no impact on whether they can perform a unrelated job ? 
  most new zealanders live in cities which i would wager are not cleaner than those in japan . 
  our national parks , mountains , beaches and forests are pretty clean though . 
  well i definitely did n't get internet mana . 
  surprisingly i got winston , then maori ( even though i said the treaty had almost no relevance ! ), 
  then labour . 
  i actually had n't seen it before , so thanks anyways fauxmo . 
  le me, 
  same here . 
  i personally consider it a gamecube generation game though since it was designed for the system .
