  better luck next time concern troll . 
  [ because he 's only using the tragedy to push his beliefs down peoples throats . ], 
  it was a rhetorical question, 
  [ ] ( / checkmate ), 
  your bible is the only one i read oh saint lewis !, 
  mmm sweet olive garden pasta, 
  le olive garden face, 
  can you throw me a breadstick ? 
  i 'm pretty hungry and all i got is a bertuccis down the road, 
  i think the 360 controller is more comfortable but the dual shock is fine unless you have gigantic hands . 
  yeah but who wants to use third party controllers . 
  none of them have charging/quality as the sony ones . 
  get a 3ds xl and a supercard dstwo . 
  ds games look amazing on 3ds , i do n't know how i played them before i got an xl . 
  revelations is a bit redundant now that its coming to console , but it is a great game, 
  i say it to anyone considering one , get an xl . 
  the screen size makes a big difference for 3ds + xl games . 
  also mario 3d land is probably my favourite mario game . 
  considering they made millions of them i doubt it . 
  the only way to get significant money is having one in mint/boxed condition, 
  i 'm sort of like you , a generation behind . 
  i bought a original 60 gig ps3 recently and a cobra usb so i can play ps3 , ps2 and ps1 games from an external hdd . 
  there are some fantastic games for the ps3/pc though , and the wii if you do n't have one . 
  you can turn off 3d whenever you want . 
  most games there is n't much point having it on . 
  it is trolled constantly but largely because the user base takes the sub entirely too seriously when it largely consists of meme posts , and there 's a lack of moderation . 
  removing memes would be a step in the right direction , but / u/jij sadly ca n't change much when the mods are determined to allow almost anything tangentially related to atheism through . 
  stupid fundies do n't realize the verses on jewish law about tatoos that never applied to them apply to them . 
  except most people do n't now . 
  hating someone for belief in god that is harmless and will never change is bigoted , arguing against a minor part of their religion/personal views that can be altered is fine . 
  you do n't have to justify being german anymore , do n't worry . 
  i read this at mad at mans shafts . 
  is that the accurate translation ? 
  it 's not atheism anyone has a problem with it 's in your face shove down your throat bigoted saganism that people have a problem with . 
  where atheists are really oppressed are in the middle east but this is the same as all other religious groups that are n't islam . 
  in the us i think the `` oppression '' is overstated . 
  do you really think gay sex scenes are going to become more frequent . 
  there 's a reason why gay cinema is a niche , the majority of people do n't want to watch it . 
  [ * i swear *** all christians beleive it !, 
  this does n't just apply to marijuana though . 
  there will still be many deaths resulting from cocaine production which will always be criminalised . 
  i agree that marijuana should be legal but attributing the death toll from the war on drugs to just marijuana is n't accurate . 
  [ i think the idea is that they 're gay `` pride '' parades so they let everything out , showing the world they 're not afraid . 
  the whole `` gay culture '' they show definitely does n't represent most gay people though , and i think a lot probably avoid them . 
  you mean triple science rated ? 
  also the [ stockholm medical university of t.h.c ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/liberalreality/ ) is another useful resource for the quoting arts . 
  but what about the associated android police press team ? 
  does n't anyone else get those confused or am i the only ~ ~ ocd phone nerd ~ ~ person who cares about them . 
  i agree , but the thing is most atheists there will just shut up and it wo n't really weigh on their consciences as they 're apathetic about their religious views , whereas those who come out as ( at least ) christians etc in theocratic type islamic nations in the middle east generally wear their beliefs on their sleeve and feel an obligation to spread their reliigous beliefs , which can easily end up with them being killed . 
  anyone who 's outspoken about being different whether in sexuality or religion will be persecuted there . 
  yeah , considering the us government has significant power on the control of the internet worldwide there is something stopping you making your own network . 
  it 's really not that simple . 
  on a side note i highly recommend jung changs biography of mao if you want to look at history of the policies implemented during his rule . 
  just utter incompetence and political backstabbing all round . 
  you can create your own local network but the worldwide `` internet '' which uses the pre existing infrastructure is regulated , so your local network will not be even remotely the same thing . 
  any . 
  com , . 
  net or . 
  org site worldwide s under united states law . 
  local domains are subject to their countries laws but also the entire web has us influence whatever domain you use . 
  meta : new english translation . 
  two thirds of it is footnotes . 
  when your dumas novel has the word `` edition '' and `` translation '' written in it , how can you even read it ? 
  which one is right to read ? 
  checkmate liberal arts majors, 
  [ op of the thread confirmed 14 year old ] ( / ooc ), 
  i love how the native americans had no gods as well !, 
  just goes to show how the fundies rewrite history . 
  if you want a non `` shitty '' wireless headphone pair i can highly recommend the jaybird freedoms . 
  you can use them with your phone for making calls/listening to music on a run/in the car and connect them to a ps3/any bluetooth device . 
  [ it 's pretty obvious he just wrote on himself with a pen ] ( / ooc ), 
  [ * the police are the real terrorists * ] ( / / #garyquote ), 
  classic game room is great but the reviews are n't very comprehensive . 
  they 're fun to watch but half of the reviews are him joking round while playing it . 
  to be honest i like watching ign 's video reviews because they 're so well produced . 
  i would n't just go to one source though , i always use gamerankings to check the score and see what different review outlets felt . 
  it 's still the main service they offer but they 're starting to expand into more recent games . 
  obviously aaa publishers only will let them sell older games but some smaller titles like to the moon are up there . 
  i 've got a kindle copy of the net with all the footnotes i could probably send you . 
  you click on the verses footnote link in your kindle and it will jump to the footnote . 
  two thirds of it is notes . 
  the esv app is also free ( and good ) on all phone/tablet platforms , which probably contributes to its success with youth . 
  speaking of bioshock infinite , i enjoyed having the ability to change the difficulty at any point . 
  i played on medium up until one of the ghost/elizabeth mums battle that was quite hard , so just switched it to easy . 
  i 've found i 've given up some games ( kingdom hearts 3d and some other rpgs ) because i set the difficulty to even medium and regretted it . 
  saying that it can be immensely satisfying beating that one boss that took you forever to defeat , but a lot of gamers like op are short on time and want to experience games without the tedium . 
  i love that neil degrasse sagan guy as well . 
  dude knows his shit . 
  aeratemark , do n't downvote pls . 
  dis redditor needs our luv . 
  it 's just hospitaliano in action . 
  people dropped their bitcoins when they realized they could n't buy tasty , fresh italian cooking for a low low price with them . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  i do n't know who you are ... but i will find you and i will give you upvotes you magnificent bastard !, 
  i could convert it to an epub if you like ? 
  thought i might make an / r/christianity post with a download link to both files . 
  yeah i think that 's the one . 
  ask him if he ever stood in a line at ~ ~ walmart ~ ~ danska shopje, 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's a song of science .
