  many of the over 55s are first generation muslim immigrants , who came from a wildly different cultural background . 
  those born in the uk today , who often have never visited their parents home countries maintain a rosier view of them than their parents do . 
  it 's easier for islamists to sell them the lie of the decadent west and the dar al-islam being morally pure . 
  they do n't factor in the poverty and other factors their parents were keen to leave when they came to the uk . 
  it 's an identity crisis that manifests through radicalization . 
  essentially the difference between communism/maoism is that it was an organic movement spawned in the heydays of 60s counterculture with no cultural or religious baggage . 
  islamism is different , not only is it imported by the saudi 's and others but it latches onto those who feel isolated by the cultural identity of the country . 
  it 's often even preached to them weekly in their mosques . 
  white british kids in the 60s never had that issue . 
  i sure hope you 're right about them mellowing out in any case . 
  tag as you wish mate , but there 's always the other alternative that i comment in the sub frequently and merely dislike the way muslim communities have integrated in the uk . 
  it 's the particular form of islam that i 'm referring to . 
  the westborough baptist fundamentalist variety of christianity is n't being preached in british churches . 
  islamism and salafi islam is preached in several uk mosques . 
  i never knew we had our own falcon - that 's so sweet !, 
  i 'm sorry to be blunt , but if you do n't know the difference between islam and islamism then i do n't think you 're particularly knowledgable on the matter yourself . 
  followers of islamism seek to implement islam at a political level in the uk . 
  that is , those calling for a sharia state and banning things like alcohol and premarital sex . 
  it 's a [ very well reported term ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamism ), 
  a gimmmick is n't an issue so long as it 's an optional feature . 
  the touch gamepad idea is n't bad , but having it feature on a more standard sized controller ( think a touchscreen where the touchpad is on the ps4 controller ) would work better . 
  the main thing for nintendo 's next console to succeed is that it reaches at least the same graphical parity as the current generation , and that it reaches out to third party devs . 
  they have n't had their killer exclusives coupled with the best multiplats since the snes days . 
  a new traditional nintendo console would make a killing provided they managed it right . 
  ** no stupid proprietary media and any gimmicks being secondary to the console 's graphical capabilities . 
  i agree most victims of terrorist attacks in the west will not be muslim , but it 's true that most islamic terrorist attacks worldwide occur in majority muslim countries where it 's suicide and car bombings of an inter-religious nature : sunnis vs shias . 
  as another poster said , the segregation is n't occuring because of anything we 've done as a society . 
  the segregation is happening because they want to live separate lives . 
  can you explain how the seizure of all private land and erasure of all bourgeois cultural practices is n't communist ? 
  if china under mao and the ussr were n't communist , then i can point to sweatshops and say they 're `` not capitalism '' just because something is flawed does n't mean you can ignore the ideology driving the practice . 
  does n't it just mean the doctor did n't cut the chord properly if you 've got an `` outie '' ? 
  marked as sensationalist twat, 
  nice to see all ten maoris in christchurch at the time being represented . 
  prince was probably one of the most influential people in pop music ever . 
  most of today 's top pop artists will credit prince since he really was one of the definitive sounds of the 80s , and so many new artists are trying to latch onto that sound . 
  bowie i think it can be argued was more influential , because he was relevant across three decades whereas prince really only shaped things in the 80s . 
  prince had some occasional moments of brilliance in other albums like musicology , but bowie not only helped define glam rock and the concept album , but he really helped shape the sound of modern rock in the same way prince 's genius synth work inspired the next and future generations of pop artists . 
  i do n't know , i think these examples are a bit far fetched . 
  it 's a bigger problem in the police because the police are distrusted in minority communities , and due to some previous failures the police have to tread carefully . 
  being called `` racist '' for suspecting someone of tax evasion i doubt happens very often . 
  it 's clear that the race card holds no weight in that instance , since tax evasion is a practice that is n't specific to any certain culture or foreign background . 
  honour killings and misogynistic practices imported from the islamic world do essentially involve racial profiling , so the accusation can be perceived as holding more weight, 
  overseas it 's a given considering how prevalent meningitis is , but i had never really considered it in the west . 
  my dad used to always say `` no ice '' at fast food places when he ordered drinks just because you would get more of the drink in the cup without the ice , but perhaps he avoided getting sick as well . 
  new zealand too , actually anywhere that speaks english instead of `` american '' . 
  our army always fights on foreign soil . 
  the only thing that 's objectionable is why we 're fighting , not where . 
  for the first two years of the war there was no conscription , and at least for the first year there was none in britain either . 
  the thousands of kiwis that signed up at first were all misinformed but they were n't dragged into it . 
  we fought in far more places than just gallipoli . 
  kiwi soldiers fought on the western front and in the middle eastern theatre . 
  the idea that the ottomans were `` defending their homeland '' rings just as true as the germans , or austro hungarians or any other aggressive powers who wanted more territory . 
  the turks threw their lot in with a germany that wanted to carve up europe , and they chose the losing side . 
  that 's what happens in all aggressive wars , you end up losing land . 
  people following higher ups had nothing to do with ww1 . 
  the flimsy system of alliances and treaties that existed throughout europe were the cause , eventually leading germany to invade belgium and bring britain and its colonies in . 
  i 'd recommend dan carlin 's podcast on the history of ww1 for more info . 
  get pokken tournament man , it 's fantastic . 
  get pokken tournament too, 
  have you got pokken ? 
  it 's the latest game i bought and i love it . 
  they actually were in the early 90s, 
  pokken is a pokemon arcade fighting game , like tekken mixed with pokemon . 
  i 've commented like three times about it on the / r/games thread because it seems even wii u owners do n't know what the game is . 
  it 's tons of fun . 
  there 's certain emotionally charged terms that are often overused . 
  you ca n't ban words , but it would n't necessarily be wrong to discourage some being used zionist and islamophobe are both vague and politically charged enough to be employed too often . 
  it 's the only rational position to take when one is confronted with overwhelming civilizational superiority . 
  god save the queen . 
  it 's more like american anglophiles who 've never been to britain . 
  those of us who did n't so rudely snub the empire are more knowledgable about british culture to start and have more shared traditions that we appreciate . 
  i realize this sounds incredibly condescending to americans but i do n't really know how else to phrase it . 
  the value is n't that great nowadays but it 's more the quantity of tech stuff that you can get . 
  there 's a similar mall in singapore as well . 
  lots of cheap computer stuff you normally only see on ebay or other chinese import sites are all available in a retail space , alongside legitimate laptops , gaming consoles etc, 
  [ the oxford dictionary backs me up though . 
  `` ize '' is n't exclusively american ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/words/ize-ise-or-yse ), 
  they 're delaying it to whenever the nx launch is , and that still has n't been clarified . 
  the 3ds one was meant to be pretty good, 
  you mean make less money . 
  the other poster suggested the control gimmicks , but that 's less important to me . 
  the biggest thing is that nintendo actively promote local multiplayer and help rely on that for the nostalgia and fun value . 
  the fact that halo and some of the biggest console titles on ps4 and xbox one no longer even have split screen multiplayer and focus entirely on online gaming , which is better on pc anyways . 
  many racing games do n't even have local multiplayer anymore , which is ridiculous . 
  that and the fact the local multiplayer titles are all exclusives, 
  right , but most people do n't have their gaming rig hooked up to their tv or have multiple pc compatible controllers unless they already own an xbox . 
  that 's not actually true . 
  beowulf was written after the anglo saxons were christianized , and that was written at least before 1000 ad . 
  not to mention the pre anglo-saxon britons already had a monastic tradition after christianity became the official religion of the roman empire . 
  those were the monastaries that the vikings infamously raided . 
  can i ask what your field of employment is ? 
  why were you in mogadishu and when was it ? 
  you 've been to a lot of interesting places . 
  i was just interested since so few people have been . 
  was it a government project or something ? 
  seriously ? 
  this year was worse than last year . 
  the hosting was very good as was some of the self referential humour , but there were only a handful of songs i liked this year . 
  there was a much better range last year . 
  also new zealand has n't been invited yet :(,
