  certainly the two anti gay verses in the bible can bear some responsibility in the west , but homophobia 's root cause is the timeless tradition of hating someone because they 're different : be it justified by a quoting a bible verse , saying it 's `` aids '' , `` unnatural '' or any other poor justification . 
  haha i realized that geohot definitely would n't be working on it just after posting it . 
  apparently he settled with sony out of court on condition he would never hack one of their consoles again . 
  i 've no idea about using a computer , i do n't see why not . 
  i still think rogero , deank etc will have a go though . 
  callux , give me le reddit gold pls !, 
  like most til posts , it 's misleading . 
  the crime is called `` sexual violation '' not rape , and applies to either gender . 
  since your car is n't an object that has rights , this is n't really applicable . 
  i read the article . 
  it 's not really relevant that it 's his stepson , child services could find a better adoptive father . 
  the crimes were committed less than 10 years ago . 
  he raped a defenseless child and yet they 're allowing him to adopt again ? 
  sweden may have some great social policies but being lenient to paedophile 's is n't one of them . 
  no amount of apologia should convince any sane person that this decision is a good one . 
  if you ca n't handle the logic, 
  ### get out of the laboratory !, 
  hi mr rollins . 
  your approach to radical theology is wildly different to the traditional catholic/orthodox/anglican approach . 
  for people in the established christian traditions , what would you say is the biggest misconception of radical theology ? 
  you can buy an original model secondhand and play ps2 + ps1 games, 
  this is what i used too . 
  it gives you just about all the most important elements to learn . 
  you realize the majority of atheists do n't bother making posts on social media about their beliefs . 
  let alone right articles about it . 
  i think his position on evolution is stupid but your generalizations are just as intellectually lacking . 
  right , let 's compile this list of idiots then, 
  - mendel, 
  - abraham lincoln, 
  - beethoven, 
  - descartes, 
  - michalangelo, 
  - elizabeth the 1st, 
  all complete idiots , every single one . 
  you realize with your statement that all religious people are idiots you 're excluding at least two thirds of people on earth today as well as just about every notable person throughout all of history before the 19th century . 
  rattling off smug generalizations do n't make you any smarter , you just look like a bitter , arrogant idiot . 
  claiming that the `` the totality of empirical human knowledge '' somehow invalidates god is completely flawed . 
  the question of whether god exists can never be proven or disproven by empiricism , which is why people continue to go on believing . 
  it 's not the end of the discussion as to whether you can not intelligent and religious as there 's a lot of evidence to the contrary , but it appears it is for you . 
  it seems you 've obviously already made up your mind , or rather your favourite new atheists have made your mind up for you . 
  i do n't put sugar in either . 
  i find 2 dessert spoons of honey is sweet enough , and considering the amount of water it 's diluted in , there 's no danger of diabetes . 
  without the honey it tastes a bit too bitter for me . 
  i am yhywh , aka g-d , aka wwjd . 
  ama !, 
  that 's what the pagans said !!, 
  new zealand was prepared for the possibility of a japanese invasion , however i believe in the later years of the war since the furthest south they reached was papua new guinea and as they sustained losses in the pacific theatre , the likelihood of this occurring decreased . 
  in several coastal parts of the country you can still find gun emplacements and fortifications built on the chance of a japanese invasion such as these ones not far out of christchurch http://www.teara.govt.nz/en/photograph/10246/godley-head-gun-emplacement, 
  oh i 'm aware . 
  i 've tried sweet tea but it 's too sugary for me , this is more comparable to cans you find at chinese stores . 
  honestly , probably a new zelda . 
  i already have a 3ds , so i 'll play smash on that . 
  3d world looks great , but i 've a feeling they 'll be bringing out another main mario title . 
  when those two are out i 'll probably get one . 
  dr pepper do n't real !, 
  [ ] ( / dweller ), 
  the cringers are all just a bunch of butthurt fundies . 
  sorry our memes are n't written by your stone age goat herders , cringers !, 
  username mentions only work with reddit gold . 
  just message him , though i believe you anyways, 
  no other sub . 
  there is no other sub that this could have come from , there 's none that are this delusionally sexist . 
  calling all dawns - uses an entire symphony orchestra and you really feel the effect . 
  name one site u hate besides le reddit ? 
  then gtfo !!!!!, 
  -- made by oreography, 
  vous parlez le francais le good sir le le ? 
  what ? 
  nsmbu is a completely different game . 
  just because the other games in the series have `` new super mario brothers '' in front of them , does n't change the fact that every level is different . 
  yeah that 's shocking . 
  6 hours would be okay but 3 is abysmal, 
  i shelled out $ 500 for one at launch in new zealand . 
  at a time before smartphones , having a device that could play movies , mp3s as well as near ps2 quality graphics was pretty impressive . 
  i do n't think microsoft fucked up . 
  what were they going to call it , the 1080 ? 
  720 sounds stupid . 
  the xbox hd ? 
  so long as they do n't call next gens `` the two '' , i think it 's fine . 
  microsoft have a very good translation software that i 'm sure they put elements of into the one . 
  there 's a surah saying `` there is to be no compulsion in religion '' in the quran . 
  but i believe other surahs can be used to justify killing apostates , which is why it 's so common . 
  one thing that 's really helpful is looking at everything jesus said while he was alive as being `` under law '' and everything after as `` post law '' . 
  because christ came to fulfill the old testament law , while he was preaching the law was still valid . 
  when christ preaches ( i 'm paraphrasing here ) `` if your arm causes you to sin , chop it off '' , he 's showing just how impossible the law was to keep . 
  after his victory over death/sin on the cross , we now no longer have to follow the law/old covenant of moses as we have a new covenant with him . 
  `` science answers every philosophical or ethical question ever posed and metaphysics is bullshit . '', 
  - sam `` literally this '' harris . 
  christianity certainly has the same amongst evangelicals . 
  `` stop picking and choosing bla bla bla you do n't agree with my interpretation !! '', 
  are n't horoscopes banned in islam ? 
  how are you doing this ? 
  is there a capture app on vita ? 
  more like amaymayzon amirite ? 
  i should have guessed with the hashtags . 
  i 'm sorry , i was genuinely curious . 
  as a christian i hate the whole `` fundies hate science '' cliche as much as you do . 
  `` i upvoted ? '', 
  - rob bell, 
  you 're thinking of hadiths .
