  if mitt wins 3 states it 's not going to look good for paul, 
  chan i love you 5eva ? 
  the fundies are brainwashing our children with adorable vegatables !, 
  do n't hate the player , hate the game nig, 
  how old are you ? 
  new zealand food is n't really all that good . 
  food in new zealand can be really nice , but most of our traditional stuff comes from the english . 
  that being said , the classic kiwi dish is a proper roast meal - usually roast lamb with roast potatoes , peas , carrots , pumpkin etc. 
  if you come to new zealand ethnic food such as thai , chinese and indian is very popular . 
  new zealand has great seafood though and the most popular takeaway is still fish and chips , since you 're never all that far from the sea . 
  there are also maori dishes like the hangi - consisting of meat and vegetables cooked in an underground oven , and pork and puha - a meat and vegetable soup that are n't eaten regularly but are nice to try . 
  `` wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy '', 
  you had me at juan !, 
  what a monster ... a karma monster !!, 
  you should check out ron paul . 
  i know you 've probably heard him badgered about on reddit endlessly but if you 're anti-war , he 's really the only serious candidate . 
  every candidate is a christian , be they republican or democrat . 
  speaking as a christian , it does n't matter what beliefs the candidate holds so long as they know how to run the country best for the people . 
  i 'm for ron paul as obama fell far short of what he promised and has n't been consistent . 
  that and not holding those who caused the financial crisis accountable and even having many wall street bankers in his government is appalling . 
  he has n't dealt with americas debt and so ca n't manage to fix the economy . 
  i think his health care strides are great , but it 's another tax the american people have to pay when they really ca n't afford it . 
  once military and govt spending decreases and the debt is dealt with , then nationwide health care can be a serious proposal . 
  militant atheism helps to advance the cause of belief in the western world . 
  people do n't like opinions shoved down their throat , and just because you believe yours is ` right ' ( just like the religious ) gives no excuse to shove down yours . 
  if almost all atheists have the same reaction to combative theists , would n't it be likely that the theist reaction to a combative atheist would be very similar ? 
  why so few votes in ellisworth ( one of huntsmans states ) counties . 
  only 30 ? 
  * coming . 
  i 'm excited and i hope the gap on romney starts to close . 
  iowa was just the beginning ... of the end santorum !, 
  he 's won one county though , but i think that should be all he gets, 
  oh , yeah , um ... that guy we did n't cover came in second place ... gingrich and santorum in 4th and 5th ... hmm , nope ron paul is definitely unelectable . 
  spasiba !, 
  well yeah it kinda does as 3 different deities would be polytheism . 
  all the other books use bible verses and help you understand the ` word of god ' . 
  you ca n't understand the bible if you do n't get the historical context , jewish traditions , etymology of the greek and hebrew etc. 
  that 's why other thoelogical books are useful, 
  yes, 
  have the wedding you can afford . 
  if parents want a fancy wedding let them pay for it if you ca n't afford it . 
  what do you do ? 
  nintendo unveils new pokemon mmo set in kanto region . 
  available for both pc + wii u, 
  for any action adventure game or rpg controllers are much better, 
  god ?!, 
  how dare you . 
  even atheists are turning into fundies !, 
  i know but he said god bless america !, 
  might as well have said unicrons defend the country amirite ? 
  at least when the big monopolizing banks and corporations go bankrupt the govt would n't bail them out, 
  that 's one thing i like about ron paul , he 's not ridiculously rich . 
  here 's a comparison of some of the current gop candidates homes, 
  if he is , he certainly does n't spend extravegantly, 
  it 's the idea of loving someone by showing them support . 
  even if you disagree with someone , if you love them you 're there to support them when they need it . 
  so did i when i first saw them at pizza hut . 
  i thought they sounded really exotic and was wondering why they tasted like chicken . 
  as a christian , this thread helps me to see the good and the intelligence that 's so often hidden on this board . 
  no memes , no scathing generalized attacks on how christians are stupid - an honest discussion on the wrongs of biblical literalism and the wrongs of believers attacking science . 
  most importantly i think it shows a respect on both sides , something we badly need . 
  nice try hitler, 
  hey man , do n't hate on obama . 
  remember 2008 before the financial crisis and the bailouts . 
  things were pretty good for a month or two , you know when people actually believed the guy would change things . 
  basically what you 're saying is ` on lgbt rights ' we 're in a much better position . 
  yes we are , but that does n't count as much for the majority of the population . 
  more people care about a stagnant economy , unemployment , the bill of rights being torn to shreds and an awful foreign policy than gay couples being allowed to marry , great as that might be . 
  ` the democrats and obama invaded iran in the second term of his presidency . 
  this fiasco was americas worst war since vietnam and ended up downgrading their credit rating to c. following the economic collapse , the nation fell into disrepair and destroyed the american empire ', 
  let 's hope this is n't written in the history books, 
  he 's not trolling you , i assure you . 
  he 's been hammering out the same message for about 30 years . 
  it 's amazing that almost every stance of his was considered a fringe issue back in the day and now they 're entering into the mainstream . 
  auditing the fed is now a republican priority , keeping to the constitution which was once ignored is now a stance that 's gaining popularity . 
  i 'm not all that knowledgable about his environmental status . 
  keeping to his constitutionalism he wants more power back to the states to make laws more relevant to them . 
  this means that more laws will be passed on environmental matters which i guess is a posititve . 
  he wants corporations held accountable when they mess up ( especially the wall street folks ) and if environmental laws are made at a state level , the logging/mining whatever companies will be held accountable if they break the states environmental regulations . 
  colbert has n't applied to be on the ballot and is n't even on the ballot in south carolina . 
  the only way to vote for him is a write in . 
  i 'd like to see him seriously in the running , but i 'd vote for ron paul since he 's actually running . 
  a lot of people like the message , even my agnostic friends . 
  hey , like this if you 're visitor 1,305,671 !!!, 
  i highly recommend the bbc series around the world in 80 faiths ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/around_the_world_in_80_faiths ) the wiki article gives an outline of where they go in the series . 
  it 's presented by an anglican clergyman who looses all his inhibitions ( participates in a witchcraft ritual naked ! ), 
  on a round the world trip to observe and understand the worlds major and minor faiths . 
  it 's a very objective look at a wide variety of religions and so i 'd recommend it above almost any other documentary to get a good overview of religion . 
  no , militant atheism . 
  god is dead lalala !, 
  it seems a little strange that you would sleep together and um not ` sleep together ' to use the euphamism . 
  i know christianity has had a bad reputation with the ` leave room for jesus ' antics and obsession with restrictions on interactions between the two sexes . 
  there is some truth to it though , when you 're in bed together you feel close and intimate . 
  it 's natural that you would want to take that intimacy as far as possible and sex is the ` last base ' the furthest you can go in terms of physical intimacy . 
  there 's nothing in the bible about it , because in those days when you slept in a womans bed it was for sex . 
  if you honestly feel like you can withold sex then sure there 's nothing wrong with it , but it might take a lot of willpower to fight against your impulses . 
  even if you do there 's no guilt or shame in christ . 
  it 's great to hear you two are going to be married though , i wish you a happy marraige together, 
  hey , r/atheism helped my faith as well . 
  keep up the good works folks :p,
