  tania exclaimed whilst drinking her sugar free cola, 
  `` oops ! '', 
  tania had dropped her drink , onto the already darkly stained carpet at the fata offices `` i 'm just a bit jitterish at the moment . 
  i 've had about 5 or so this morning ... where were we ? 
  oh yeah , what 's even more shocking is how it plays into their co-group medinati . 
  they 've lobbied congress and the eu parliament for years , and gain huge subsidies from every liposuction machine or insulin needle they sell ! '', 
  we did receive word from the american medical association 's twitter account , asking about medinati but simply received the response `` lol '' . 
  in order to preserve our journalistic integrity this comment will be deleted ( seriously , do n't fucking include this line ), 
  we have n't been able to receive a comment from the `` build-a-burger '' group or `` medinati '' as the contact office leaked in the report is located in a non existent town in ohio , however it 's clear that drastic action needs to be taken , if these claims are true . 
  i believe it was the rather biased book collapse by jared diamond that proposed that it was a man made ecological disaster . 
  the island was rapidly deforested over the course of a few centuries for transport/materials in creating the ancestral statues , and being unable to build their canoes for fishing or rely on the forest , the population died off slowly up until colonization . 
  there seem to be so many conflicting theories in this area , as well as any area of the history of the island . 
  however i find it 's an incredibly interesting area of history , possibly due to the mystery and ambiguity surrounding the island . 
  i would like to know the history and causes of the ecological disaster in the island . 
  i say we ban them all , but since this sub is a democracy and our home i wanted to gauge the communities opinion . 
  the goal is to submit your own quote to / r/politics and see how many upvotes you can get . 
  the person who gets the most upvotes at the end of the week is modded ( if not already a mod ) and will get reddit gold for their quote !, 
  here 's my attempt, 
  `` i remember when we went to war in iraq . 
  saddam had potentially dangerous weapons , and was hiding the information from us , which was a crime worthy of fighting against . 
  the most important virtue we value is freedom , and yet when freedom of information is in jeopardy , nobody talks about patriotism or upholds freedom as a virtue , instead these whistle blowers are `` terrorists '' or `` unamerican '' . 
  when will we ever go to war with ourselves ? 
  when will we look in the mirror and see the real terrorists ? 
  america is no longer free , if we let our government continue to deny us the freedom of information that the founders intended we have . '', 
  the situation in egypt is looking awful at the moment . 
  there 's a absence of law and the military is struggling to keep things under control . 
  regardless of how you feel about the situation , the chaos and violence happening to one of the worlds oldest civilizations and christian communities is disgusting . 
  supposedly many churches have been burning down by islamist rioters . 
  there was a heartwarming picture i saw of muslims protecting one of the churches . 
  let 's remember it is only a small percentage of muslims who are radically intolerant that are doing this . 
  let 's pray for our coptic brothers and sisters in christ , but also our muslim and non religious brothers and sisters who are suffering as well . 
  pray that the violence ceases and stability is restored to a country that has suffered so much in recent years . 
  from a foreigners perspective it seems sa is in a state of slow decline , largely due to a corrupt political system . 
  the anc seem to be relying mostly on mandela and past racism to cling to power . 
  i know a few weeks ago when it was in the news there were people saying that riots would take place after he dies , and that he 's sort of holding the country together . 
  is this true at all ? 
  i 'm from new zealand where we had a lot of expats over the years , and of course they all cite the problems of sa . 
  but i know it 's not all bad , and they 're rather biased since they got out of the country . 
  really i 'd just like to get a south africans perspective on what they think is going to happen in the future . 
  it 's number 12 on this list http://mydailyyoga.com/yoga/rsi_excercises.html and can supposedly help prevent rsi . 
  it makes your hands feel so much better !, 
  - they keep lusting after other churches, 
  - they eat too much communion wine, 
  - they 're too greedy to give to the offering . 
  - they 're too lazy to come overy week, 
  - they 're too angry and they 'll scare the children, 
  - they 're envious of our biblical truth, 
  - they 're too proud to be told they 're wrong every sunday, 
  upsteams to the le, 
  for the background . 
  when i was younger i was a solider in the red army , until retiring after the end of the cold war . 
  i had no money and was about to take my life before i met bearded christ by the river , who spoke to me in russian . 
  he told me that the world has lost sight of the light , and was tasking me with restoring the church !, 
  since that day i have never shaved and have devoted my life to running the true church on earth . 
  i speak for mother matushka , the mighty volga to serve christ the water !, 
  we are a splinter orthodox christian group , numbering about 50,000 . 
  we live in a commune close to the river . 
  we are `` old calendarists '' . 
  we do n't accept a calendar forged by a roman imposter . 
  we do have modernities and go into the city every month to get supplies . 
  however we do n't believe in earthly systems and share all our supplies with each other . 
  we strive to create a family to share the truth . 
  ** the fundamental truths of volgan orthodoxy **, 
  - russia is a sacred country . 
  we believe that the new jerusalem will be in the rus , by the volga river . 
  the current political system in russia is wrong , russia should be ruled by the church . 
  - we are `` panentheists '' in the sense that we believe christ can be found through the sacred waters and earth of matushka volga . 
  she is he and he is everything we are . 
  - the truth of scripture is fully revealed when read through the russian language . 
  when it was written and first revealed to paul and the disciples , they wrote in the language . 
  however since then the true language of scripture has been and continues to be russian . 
  it hurt me to type this in english , as i believe truth of matushka will lose in translation . 
  - baptism can only be successful through matushka , the sacred river . 
  we believe that after christs resurrection , the jordan 's power was transferred to the river of the new israel . 
  we also place a lot of emphasis on finding matushka in the quiet . 
  like the river , the sound is gentle and slow . 
  through this we can hear all things . 
  - face hair is sacred . 
  god was beard . 
  women are encouraged to grow beards in other areas , but it proves god has only ordained men for the new sacred rite of the river . 
  - although only men can serve church , women are representatives of the sacred femininity of matushka . 
  they raise the future guardians of the river . 
  just as we defend the mother river , we too defend our women from perverts and immigrants . 
  - the opposite of the cool flowing water , is scalding hot fire . 
  this is what awaits all those who reject the river . 
  their souls and bodies will be slowly burnt , since they rejected the living water that would grant them life . 
  - i do n't believe that most of the world can be `` saved '' . 
  we have been chosen to receive the revelation , those remaining will like the sodomites , perish to the earth . 
  this includes every yankee pig dogs , french frog scum , english stink craps and australian dingo drunks . 
  i particularly abhor american culture . 
  you have no notion of the sacred , only feeding your fat selves . 
  i hate your country as does our lord . 
  many of our positions are `` conservative '' but that is because we read the bible truthfully . 
  i hope i can answer whatever questions you have . 
  also please visit www.truthoftheriver.ru if you have more information . 
  please upvote to stop this atrocity !, 
  whenever attempting to open the bookmarks from the menu bar , i get an error saying script : chrome : / / browser/content/places / browserplacesviews.js :229 is n't responding and have to stop the script . 
  can anyone help ? 
  on google people seem to be saying i need to export my bookmarks and reimport them . 
  does anyone know the purpose of the script ?
