  the habsburgs ? 
  if you support gay marriage : you 're cherry picking and textual criticism do n't real . 
  who cares about episcopalians/lutherans anyways ? 
  you 're just an atheist in denial , the ( no ) true christians are the westboro baptist church/kkk/the third reich !, 
  if you 're against gay marriage : then why ca n't you be more progressive ? 
  why not interpret verses differently and/or ignore them like progressive christians you fundie homophobe . 
  you ca n't win with ratheists . 
  it 's so one sided most christians do n't bother . 
  there 's always / r/debateanatheist for maximum bravery as well . 
  at least / r/debatereligion has a non atheist mod . 
  and yet the eu is n't a country, 
  i 'm not disputing that the eu is a major economic power , however the currency is still not adopted by all members and the justice system and army are dependent on the individual countries themselves that comprise the union . 
  comparing it to the us is n't really accurate unless it federalizes and legally and politically forms a single entity . 
  interesting to see a modern day gnostic . 
  do you ever meet with other gnostics or is it just a belief you keep personally . 
  my attempt :, 
  this , as a pineapple who lived in the fruit bowl my whole life i feel like i 'm not part of any particular fruit group and that my juciness and it 's characteristics is wholly aesthetic and unrelated to my status as a fruit . 
  as a result i have no sense of tropical responsibility , i do n't get easily bruised , and do n't consider if i even belong to any sort of collective floral identity . 
  because of this i also do n't get how people can take their fruitiness so seriously . 
  lastly as a pineapple male , people who are n't pineapple males see me as simply juicy . 
  due to this i do n't speak on juicy or sweetness issues in public , as people tend to discount my perspective because i am a pineapple . 
  i also avoid people of other fruit groups , because i 'm very socially awkward and am prone to offending people with fruity faux pas such as rocking the fruit bowl and so long as i only offend other fruit groups i 'm simply a pineapple rather than a fruitist . 
  also i am very concerned i 'll get a juicing sometime in my life . 
  britain and germany were n't powers before monotheism, 
  anything 's an improvement over isis and the free syrian `` army '' . 
  boy they 've been amazing allies , handing journalists over the nusra front . 
  granite seems like a good investment these days . 
  well most of them left after the riots did n't they ? 
  it 's not surprising they would think tamil 's and sinhalese could n't live together if they have n't been back since then . 
  they were free ? 
  the modern states did n't exist and they were tribes warring with each other after the collapse of the western empire . 
  as for their morality , even druids are n't nice guys when you 're fighting other tribes . 
  they may have personally been strong but they certainly were n't politically strong . 
  i take it you 're a pagan ? 
  edit : persia , the first monotheistic country on earth was better under polytheism ? 
  are you avin a laugh m8 ? 
  the thing is , people do n't actually care . 
  for such small screen sizes a smaller resolution is less of an issue . 
  so long as nintendo continue to make great exclusive games , people are able to be more forgiving for the hardware limitations of their consoles . 
  the vast majority of android titles still fall far below nintendo 's offerings . 
  new wiiu 2 xl . 
  ** book one for dinner **, 
  they are not overrated , they 're amazing . 
  we went there at 3pm for a late lunch but it would still be an hours wait . 
  so we booked one for dinner and voila , walked in at 6:30 and just picked them up . 
  do that tomorrow and i promise you wo n't be disappointed . 
  the palestinian people do deserve a state . 
  however , they will never get it as long as they 're represented by hamas and the plo . 
  no , his point is that there will be no degradation in graphical quality over time as you do n't have increasing hardware specifications to worry about , unlike on pc . 
  yeah but can you play dota in 4k on your car , scrub ? 
  i really liked the episodes in japan . 
  i watched this a while ago , just have n't seen the ones in thailand . 
  they could have easily done an episode in macau as well . 
  please stop . 
  your analogies are laughably bad . 
  no they do n't . 
  the only group which would say they all worship the same god are muslims , and even then despite being people of the book jews and christians are kuffars . 
  for jews , the characteristics of christ and the christian god are so different that most would disagree they 're worshipping the same god , even if christians believe they are . 
  likewise many christians are quite offended by the claim that they worship the islamic god , because the words ascribed to him in the qu ` ran are n't found in the bible . 
  saying christianity originated in greece . 
  it did n't . 
  christ 's apostles had started teaching throughout israel after his death . 
  if you recall , paul was on his way to syria to arrest christians before he became one . 
  christians were a majority from egypt to turkey until islam . 
  they were n't a majority in arabia though , but they were in any territory of the roman empire which held modern day syria , lebanon , egypt , israel , jordan etc. 
  yeah his point about israel is rubbish . 
  it 's true about assad , but then again the whole country would be better off with him . 
  israel is currently better off than almost any other nation in the middle east . 
  under an islamist government , christians would be persecuted far worse than they under the current israeli government . 
  it would be similar to the situation in yemen , saudi and other arab countries who only believe in rights for muslims . 
  nobody is debating humans have driven species to extinction , it 's whether they drove the mammoth to extinction that 's in question . 
  i never said he was , however a palestinian or non israeli government would likely be an islamist one . 
  prices for clothing is pretty comparable , at least from my experience . 
  food is more expensive as the government have laws to protect smaller boulangeries , bakeries etc from chain supermarkets . 
  make into homeland for moose emancipation . 
  well duh , but the poster above was referring to all other types of marriages . 
  do n't pre order anything . 
  op is a ubisoft shill . 
  i saw this on / r/games guys it `` s a real thing !, 
  ### this, 
  not if you consider japanese colonialism as well . 
  india was at peace for most of its recent history , the same ca n't be said of china . 
  mummy never does anything wrong !, 
  there will always be a victor though . 
  then we need serbspania to remove king kebab . 
  go to france you bloody pervert . 
  did you know it 's literally illegal to deny the holocaust in germany ? 
  such oppression . 
  9/1011 we 're talking about ? 
  not true in america or europe for most of its history . 
  during the industrial revolution when england was the wealthiest nation on earth , it was also one of the most religious . 
  likewise as is shown by your link , in both jewish and hindu communities that is n't true . 
  modern european societies this is true , but the reason they built up their wealth has nothing to do with religion . 
  remember correlation does not equal causation . 
  france and other european countries were at their apex in the 19th centuries when religiosity was higher than it is today . 
  they have second highest gun ownership to the us i believe . 
  that wo n't happen when they 're still desperate to keep up the facade of communism . 
  almost as funny as communism having chinese characteristics . 
  if data security is more important than convenience , the cloud is a terrible idea . 
  if you 're a large enough company you could always look at a private cloud though .
