  the iron giant, 
  dae remember when north korean propoganda hit number 1 in / r/videos ? 
  never forget . 
  game developer , call of duty, 
  i used to go on 4chan a bit , mostly to / v / really . 
  nowdays reddit 's pretty much my main site since i 'm subbed to so many boards though i follow a few youtube channels and a few of the gaming/tech sites as well . 
  listverse is always worth checking , i 've been meaning to sort out feedly since google reader went down . 
  obviously facebook , download sites etc as well, 
  even though / r/politics is basically / r/democrats at least the title is impartial . 
  why do i give a shit about africa ? 
  do they make any video games ? 
  [ * fox news 's truth is self evident * ] ( / / #romneyquote ), 
  i did n't think any community could be worse than reddit island but i 've been proven wrong ... 
  it 's just too beautiful to be real . 
  i hope there 's a bidding war between them and reddit island over some island neither of them can afford, 
  i think jak 2 and 3 are great games but honestly i preferred the original over the others . 
  they 're almost like completely different games , but the original is one of the best platformers ever . 
  far cry 3 multiplayer was really dissapointing for me . 
  the story is probably much better than 2 but 2 really nailed the multiplayer . 
  dae remember super mario galaxy ? 
  this is really low quality stuff i 'm sorry . 
  / r/atheism is a terrible sub i 'm sure most of us agree but reaction gifs are n't really appropriate here . 
  i do n't think anyone does but it 's an immature joke that gets thrown round all the time , especially on / r/atheism, 
  ### god did n't sink the titanic . 
  science did !!!, 
  i 'm disgusted that they allowed fundies on board . 
  did n't they know the titanic was made with engineers aka scientists and therefore they 're hypocrites for believing in god on a boat made by science . 
  sounds though all the atheists got off thankfully leaving the fundies for their god to sort them out ( hint : he did n't ! ), 
  it 's also the convenience of being able to download it whenever you want and on different pc 's etc. 
  ign 's sim city review was a joke though . 
  i think hong kong has a better reputation with their maids than many other countries . 
  in arab nations they really are treated like slaves . 
  i upronned but sadly i 'm still banned from there :(, 
  literally fundie oppression . 
  oh come on feinberg . 
  you thought my shitty gay atheist alabaman story was real ... 
  ** communism is a political view so just because atheism is part of it it does n't matter . 
  but monarchism that instituted the inquisition is literally kkkristian politics and you ca n't seperate the two !!!, 
  [ whenever it 's convenient for them to bash them ] ( / ooc ), 
  i really am hoping ms learns from playstation plus . 
  if they offer a service comparable to that ( and release the 720 with decent hard drive space ) they should be able to keep a lot of people subscribing to xbl . 
  it 's overpriced when the other services that offer the same services are all free , even if the price is n't that high . 
  [ join the club . 
  every so often they pick a thread to ban hit ] ( / ooc ), 
  am i the only person brave enough to stand up for our freedoms ? 
  any other patriots going to take a stand against eradicating our rights to be assholes ? 
  my brother and other relatives all live in london and they say the same thing . 
  it 's largely city for young professionals who come and go every few years , be it from overseas or the rest of the uk . 
  the amount of permanent residents living in london 10 years or longer i think would be much lower than the actual population . 
  just clarifying on the hong kong one - hong kong has it 's own government administrating the territory seperate from the rest of china , so there 's no way they would move the chinese capital there . 
  aka buffers paradise, 
  guys do n't cringe . 
  this is from a critically acclaimed low budget remake of gullivers travels, 
  how about the fact that the inventor of the theory was a catholic priest ? 
  haha i find it hard to believe this guy is n't a troll . 
  also `` the walking brave '' is a good title for that thread as one user put it, 
  jidf in full force downvoting this story . 
  northern ireland is full of religious nutjobs though as well , but anything 's better than israel right ? 
  [ * i think you 'll find i won the election * ] ( / / #ronquote ), 
  not everyone subscribes to your definitions of agnosticism . 
  some people really just are n't sure and do n't lean towards theism or atheism , they 're strictly in the middle and do n't want to be compartmentalized . 
  wishing death on people  anti brave bigotry, 
  i 've never had a remote interest in animorphs fan fics before but it definitely sounds interesting . 
  can you link it ? 
  looks incredibly interesting . 
  thanks, 
  it 's become in vogue to hate on / r/atheism especially in / r/cringepics where a recent anti / r/atheism submission was obviously made up for karma . 
  saying that the sub is a shithole and will be until skeen gives up control . 
  it 's just about everything bad about reddit wrapped up in a smug , self rightous sub . 
  no it 's really the abuse . 
  also the catholic church is n't so bad for scientific endeavours . 
  i agree with the article though because the church was so entrenched in ireland and the betryal of trust was so great its become irreparably broken . 
  even if the church cleans its house out of the abusing priests it 's not going to ever be the same in ireland . 
  except he did n't say that and you put words in his mouth . 
  he said `` think of it as an open minded atheist '' not `` my agnosticism falls under the label of atheism and this is what i am '' that 's why i clearly dislike the new atheists approach to agnosticism . 
  you wish to redefine those who simply are on the fence , neither falling towards theism or agnosticism , like your `` atheist '' hero neil degrasse tyson . 
  it 's the same as christians saying agnostic people `` believe in god but they just do n't know it '' . 
  it 's arrogant and trying to box people in to fit your biases . 
  some people i agree can define themselves as agnostic atheists or agnostic theists that lean towards one position more than the other . 
  the majority however are apathetic about the whole thing and do n't lean towards either one and are simply on the fence . 
  it 's insulting to them to tag on the label atheistm or theism onto their agnosticism when they 've already labelled themselves . 
  oh i 'm not denying the catholic church has had a bad history and you 're absolutely right about the book banning . 
  the galileo scandal is quite misunderstood though . 
  pope urban viii was actually for heliocentricism , it was n't that that lead to the trial , it was galileo insulting the pope . 
  the pope asks him to write the book :, 
  pope urban viii had personally asked galileo to give arguments for and against heliocentrism in the book, 
  he writes the book and makes the defender of the church a man named `` simplicio '' which also means simpleton :, 
  simplicio , the defender of the aristotelian geocentric view in dialogue concerning the two chief world systems , was often caught in his own errors and sometimes came across as a fool . 
  indeed , although galileo states in the preface of his book that the character is named after a famous aristotelian philosopher ( simplicius in latin , simplicio in italian ) , the name `` simplicio '' in italian also has the connotation of `` simpleton '', 
  finally he makes the pope look like a fool :, 
  galileo put the words of urban viii into the mouth of simplicio, 
  this is what lead to his trial . 
  the pope was already being seen as `` soft on defending the church '' and had the spanish cardinal aiming for his throne so to speak . 
  which sucks because the pope was considered `` a friend and admirer of galileo , and had opposed the condemnation of galileo in 1616 . '', 
  and was trying to get the idea of heliocentrism to be more accepted . 
  come on now brethren . 
  you ca n't possibly think an ipad2 for a bible is appropriate . 
  god honours those who give , so give now and i can get an ipad4 and a surface pro for preaching !, 
  we must not forget this . 
  who made this ?
