  `` draw god '', 
  i sat there , when the guy picks me , out of a 50 people crowd , to draw god . 
  he handed me a pen and an a4 paper . 
  i replied almost immediately : `` here 's your pen , i wo n't be needing that . 
  and here 's your god '' ... i gave him the paper back . 
  an empty paper . 
  a few people shouted abuse at me . 
  one of my teachers was in shock . 
  the guy speaking just said : `` mhm '' i stood up for what i believe in . 
  i did n't put my tail between my legs and walked away . 
  i was later challenged by a few people about that `` incident '' , then i asked them to draw god . 
  surprise , surprise , no one really knew what to draw . 
  it would n't worry you friend , if you just had enough faith . 
  i know my beliefs are true , because they 're right there in my bible . 
  because i know this i do n't budge them one bit . 
  do you think christ would have had his beliefs challenged ? 
  does n't sound scriptural to me . 
  build your beliefs on rock and not sand , did n't the lord say that ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure he did . 
  i 'm currently learning networking and doing web des on the side too, 
  ask me anything , like a q&a . 
  have n't you been to / r/iama before, 
  `` excuse me if i do n't take kindly to a person who so blatantly flaunts institutionalized prejudice . 
  i 'm pretty sure if a kkk grand wizard came on here you would n't be stopping the people who wanted to talk about the racist past of the organization . 
  op is free to ignore me and you are free to down vote me but fuck you i wo n't just turn a blind eye to some one who speaks so dismissively about my ideology and who 's organization its actively oppressing my people . '', 
  all atheists are a family and the freemasons are literally the kkk, 
  yes the idea that taiwan would control hong kong geographically is ridiculous . 
  most of modern hong kong is comprised of the `` new territories '' which are attached to the chinese mainland !, 
  if hypothetically britain refused to cede the territory to china , it 's likely most of mainland hong kong territory would have been lost as well . 
  so much atheism ; _ ;, 
  i swear i had this conversation with someone else on reddit too . 
  `` fuck christchurch . 
  i 'll move to wellington ! '', 
  maybe next week it 's, 
  `` fuck wellington . 
  i 'm moving to san francisco ! '', 
  really ? 
  st albans here and nothing at all, 
  brilliant . 
  that dies ? 
  the gods have immortality , kings have a memory that will always remain and all you have at the end is a tombstone to testify you played a videogame . 
  well at least you can figure out who not to talk to ... 
  just like the ocean , under the mooooon !, 
  ## this is a grade science . 
  also veggietales = child abuse !, 
  really ? 
  i think every sonic game post colors has been great . 
  saturn also did n't even have a proper sonic game on it , since the console was only around 2-3 years, 
  also on genesis, 
  if this does n't change their minds , what will ? 
  for i am sure that neither death nor life , nor angels nor rulers , nor things present nor things to come , nor powers , nor height nor depth , nor anything else in all creation , will be able to separate us from the love of god in christ jesus our lord . 
  ( rom 8:38 -39 ), 
  you could probably do a cool animation to this one , showing the contrast between life and death , the powerful and the weak and `` anything else in creation '' gives you quite a bit of subject choice !, 
  this seems very biased but 90 % for that scmp poll is insane !, 
  that is so stupid it hurts . 
  he 's probably secretly gay . 
  or is that the papists ? 
  i do n't even know how these foreigners even started so many churches !, 
  can i do hyperdoxy/russian supremacy ? 
  i 'm in noo zelund , so i do n't know the exact time . 
  i 'll just set it for wednesday, 
  absolutely . 
  do whatever you feel you can, 
  i do n't really have any serious issues i do n't think , i just find one of my fingers gets a bit sore after repeatedly working at a computer for hours . 
  i found this helped so i just wanted to share it , but thanks for your concern . 
  friend , listening to creed is the closest you can get to satan already . 
  is this meant to be the edgy post ? 
  really ? 
  weed was literally the forbidden fruit in the garden of eden . 
  the first step is admitting you 've got a problem , friend . 
  ave !, 
  ave !, 
  because all fighting comes from religion ... right ? 
  op has editorialized the title too , but thinking eradicating religion ( which is impossible anyways ) will solve the countries problems is not only a simplistic view , it 's flat out wrong . 
  ** we were punished by the earthquakes for not listening . 
  now we suffer !!!, 
  john key , you have confirmed you hold the seals of the undead !!!, 
  the great snapper of kaikoura now will be your retribution **, 
  i think most of us know that there has never been a perfect communist state . 
  however , when every self proclaimed communist country becomes a totalitarian pseudo-communist state , then people find it hard to disassociate `` communism '' with what the states become . 
  things are actually pretty edgy if you get prison sentences for talking about them, 
  or anyone who lived in beijing when it happened ... 
  i replied to you in a comment just before . 
  why are you so determined to side with the chinese government on this issue ? 
  nobody 's doing it for just shock value , they want to get a point across about censorship . 
  people in america do n't care about the picture since it 's common knowledge . 
  it 's only because the chinese government is censoring the information , that it 's being shown in protest . 
  perhaps for reporters , but not for the first hand accounts of north koreans who have fled the country, 
  according to an interpretation the fig tree represented the nation of israel , which i think is the interpretaton that makes the most sense . 
  i never understood it until i read that either . 
  that 's hardly plagarism though . 
  believing the same thing and expressing them in a different way is n't purposefully stealing an idea , it just means the idea is unoriginal . 
  actually , getting high scores on your sat test is a measure of intelligence and therefore atheism ( our scholar darqwolff confirmed this ) . 
  considering that you do n't completely disregard the concept of god , i can only conclude you 're a disgusting fundie pig and need to be post aborted . 
  open your mind before you come here oppressing us . 
  i do n't like it when i have bullshit delusions shoved in my face . 
  this is a safe space to vent , fuck off if you do n't like it . 
  ca n't speak for 360 but on ps3 if the console if pre firmware 3.55 it 's incredibly easy to play pirated games on . 
  it 's soft modding , so you load custom firmware like for the psp/ios on it . 
  a pc is superior if you have the right setup , sure .
