  our professor was a real god hater , the first day he made a point of saying `` the bible is just as violent as the qur ` an , so do n't think that your religion is anymore peaceful than anyone else 's . '', 
  i 'd already been in college long enough to where i did n't really care what the professors thought of me , so i actually raised my hand and told him he was wrong to his face . 
  i remember i said `` i do n't think you are correct professor , the bible only reports on violence that occurred in the past whereas the qur ` an commands all muslims to do it today . 
  jesus himself condemns all religious violence in john 16:2 -3 saying anyone who does it never knew him or the father . '', 
  he quickly responded `` what about the crusades ? '', 
  i was laughing inside at this point because i mean this guy is teaching a religious studies course and that 's his argument ? 
  seriously ? 
  so i responded with `` jesus never ordered the crusades . 
  those sound like wars motivated by money or land , in fact they were since 2/3 of the christian world had been previously conquered by muslim armies rampaging out of arabia for the 400 years leading up to the first crusade . '', 
  he starts to get worried and says `` well what about christopher columbus and the native americans ??? '', 
  i remember smiling at this point and saying `` where did jesus tell us to kill native americans ? 
  that 's no -- '' then he cut me off and quickly changed the subject , but the class remembered what i had said . 
  he grew to hate me during that semester , and to be honest i have no regrets . 
  every time he would try to insult jesus or attack christianity ( which was many ) i would rebut him . 
  he never had a good argument either , and this guy was teaching a class in state university . 
  i remember on the last day of classes he purposely put a picture of a vagina on screen and thought it was really funny . 
  he was also very much into the occult , in fact he often had us write papers on magic and sorcery . 
  he never returned my last paper lol . 
  i honestly think he burned it . 
  he even sent me an email after the semester was over accusing me of being some kind of prosperity preacher ( even though i definitely was n't ) and telling me my beliefs were immature lol . 
  he hated the fact that the class was emboldened by my refusal to swallow his propaganda . 
  listen , if you want to speak up , be ready for backlash though . 
  many professors will single you out and mock you , so you got ta be prepared to smile and take it like a champ . 
  this never happened to me though but it could happen to you . 
  i majored in polisci for a while and i know what you 're talking about . 
  many professors are just rampant god-haters who love their sin . 
  my advice is take this to the lord in prayer . 
  ask him if he wants you to speak up or not , you may be surprised by the answer you get . 
  god may not want you to speak up in that class , or he may definitely want you to . 
  if he does , my advice to you is this : speak loud and quick and do n't back down !, 
  considering everyone 's anonymous , i do n't think it 's a bad thing . 
  i 'm glad that people are actually talking about it , even if it 's behind closed doors . 
  it 's often quite taboo at church but also nobody really likes admitting it in public , so i 'm glad people can have a conversation about it on / r/christianity . 
  abba - does your mother know you 're an atheist, 
  let 's not forget : for every child born out of wedlock a puppy dies . 
  or something ... 
  i think the main thing is stability for the child . 
  whether a couple is married is n't the biggest concern , it 's whether there 's a stable relationship and family for the child to grow up in . 
  marriages are n't just being replaced by unmarried couples , the number of single mothers is rising . 
  he did n't write a single song he covered ? 
  no way !, 
  looks an amazing read . 
  thank you . 
  right but there 's usually a pretty serious incident for someone to get banned there . 
  maybe namer could chime in ? 
  i know you joke , but queensland is considered the most conservative state in australia, 
  it 's the same in quite a few countries . 
  new zealand had civil unions which mostly gave the same rights quite a few years ago . 
  good luck banning one of the worlds oldest social instutions . 
  `` i like black people , but ... ... '', 
  foot binding was n't an institution , it was just a practice for aesthetic reasons . 
  i would n't dispute that , but what benefit is there to banning marriage ? 
  i 've been petitioning to make / r/liberalreality a default for a while now . 
  removing politics as a default is an awful idea . 
  how are we supposed to get our truths in the heads of young redditor 's ? 
  this reeks of corporate tampering . 
  ### treason !!, 
  treason !!, 
  burn the jijler for what he has done !, 
  though we can fight them on the beaches of bravery , i fear a new dark ages has come to reddit . 
  / r/atheism led the internets scientific advancement , now we 're reduced to a kkkorporate theocracy, 
  you must be a concern troll, 
  exactly . 
  i 'm sick of this bullshit . 
  everyone knows they did it to appease the jews and banksters that really run this site . 
  i do n't disagree there 's a huge chance for aliens to exist , but `` impossible '' is just another bullshit absolute like `` literally '', 
  not everyone who lives in the vatican is a priest , i 'm sure some residents have gotten married in the past . 
  it seems that it 's quite popular for visiting catholic couples to get married in st peters . 
  this is n't really `` drama '' just people discussing a topic with an opposing view . 
  feinberg has a big persecution complex but i would n't link to him just because you disagree with what he 's saying if there 's no real argument . 
  this looks a lot like the css used on outlook/microsoft metro design language . 
  this is the greatest thing i 've seen on sidehugs . 
  beautiful copypasta , almost better than the original . 
  i never upvote him , but i do n't tend to downvote him . 
  as op says it just feeds his victim complex . 
  google the phrase `` gorilla warfare '', 
  such faith, 
  mod has decreed we can not link to the holy words of the prophet ttt, 
  they 've been so slow with any major titles . 
  it seems like they 're all coming out end of 2013-2014 smash bros , mario kart etc. 
  i was about to ask why the fuck would you use chrome anyways ? 
  i hate how everything is focused on googles services/tracking on chrome . 
  can we get soul calibur 1 on psn ? 
  le relevent username, 
  platformers ? 
  on psn there 's a ton , get crash bandicoot , spyro , tomba , bugs bunny lost in time and ape escape, 
  for ps3 i 'd recommend the hd trilogy 's of sly/jak and daxter and also sonic generations . 
  ni no kuni looks pretty great too . 
  we can only hope that google are bringing proper offline map support , though sadly i doubt that 's the case . 
  you moved from christchurch to wellington and you did n't expect quakes ? 
  you 've got ta be joking . 
  oh , yeah definitely . 
  i pray nothing happens in a long time , but if you wanted to get away from earthquakes wellington was a pretty bad choice . 
  you 're never more ashamed to be british because you ca n't get easy access to porn ? 
  if you 're into old games , i recommend gog.com . 
  they often have sales and sell a lot of late 90s games . 
  `` what are your thoughts on the opposite of your conservative beliefs ? '', 
  yeah , definitely not going to be any arguments there . 
  perhaps elements of the site but there 's no way they 're going to block reddit or youtube , the sites are too popular . 
  it almost looks like the greens are set to overtake labor for second party at the current rate .
