  however thanks to this << trigger warning  oppressive anti-cis society , i lied . 
  `` oh , it 's for my wife '', 
  is it right that i have to lie to be seen as normal ? 
  i wanted to scream out ** `` i just like the smell '' ** but i could n't do it :(, 
  i dream of a promised land, 
  far beyond this earth, 
  perhaps in space , or sweden, 
  or mars where the rovers search, 
  i dream of a world without lies, 
  promised by a holy book, 
  no illogical niceties, 
  about a furious deity, 
  which sheeple swallow up, 
  i dream of neckbeardia, 
  a land where religion dies, 
  where the sagan , the dawkins and the tyson roam, 
  without fear of losing their lives, 
  i dream of neckbeardia, 
  it 's a dream which one day, 
  the world will come to see, 
  where atheism is all there is, 
  and all there ever will be, 
  hi / r/techsupport, 
  i 'm running a genuine copy of win 7 ultimate x64 and recently have run into file copying issues . 
  this happens on every device i plug in - my kindle , hard drives , usb and phone . 
  i thought it might be a faulty usb port but all the drivers are up to date and it 's on every port . 
  i can copy fine in safe mode so i assume it 's some permission set . 
  i can also download files ( via skydrive or utorrent ) into any of my hard drives , but i ca n't copy anything from c or between drives . 
  unfortunately i 've no idea what it could be so i 'm asking for your help . 
  i / r/windowsphone, 
  my largely tech illiterate mother is wanting to buy a smartphone and i 've been tasked with the purchase . 
  i own a galaxy note and my sister has a galaxy s3 , two higher end android devices . 
  i like my phone but i 'm not sure my mum would suit an android device . 
  i know that touchwiz is fairly easy to grasp but i think she 'd prefer something that `` just works '' and windows phone looks more preferable in that regard to android , and i prefer it to the price and tactics of apple . 
  i 'm obviously amazed by the camera and i love nokia drive as well . 
  - to load movies , music etc do you have to rely on software like itunes , or do you just copy and paste it through the file system like android, 
  - i 'm aware the app situation is n't the best at the moment , and i know this will improve . 
  my mum wo n't be looking to play games , but on ie9/10 can you adjust whether you 're using desktop/mobile view like on android ? 
  i really like viewing regular wikipedia on android as opposed to the mobile version since the resolution is big enough , and it 's about the same on the 920, 
  - for mail there does n't seem to be a dedicated gmail client ? 
  ( just looking at the win phone store from my pc ) what mail apps do you guys use ? 
  my mum has a gmail account , but i 'm sure the hotmail one is nice on win phone, 
  - has any cross functionality been announced with wp8 and windows 8 . 
  my mum will probably upgrade to a new win 8 laptop in the future , so it would be cool to have those features . 
  - can you add or customize keyboards . 
  i 've played with keyboards on other windows phone devices and they 're not bad , but i know my mum would like bigger keys . 
  any text prediction keyboards like swiftkey ? 
  - are there any apps to track and find your device if you lose it . 
  it 's an added security measure that 's helpful to have on android . 
  contacts sync - android they can all sync with google . 
  is it possible to get contacts syncing with a hotmail address ? 
  and if so can you save addresses , date of births and other things in their . 
  also by going into contacts can you also email/skype them from this menu ? 
  any help would be most appreciated . 
  hi / r/windowsphone . 
  i just had an idea for a perfect pr opportunity for nokia . 
  we all know the lumia 920 is a sweet phone but most of the general public do not . 
  millions of people who do n't know about the lumia will also be going away on holiday over their break . 
  if nokia hires someone to travel across asia , south america or any location really , it could show off how the lumia 920 is the perfect phone for travellers . 
  i 'll be going to sri lanka over christmas and because i have an android i 'll have to pay for data over there in order to use my phone as a gps . 
  i have a paid for offline gps program on android which can download maps for where i live , but even the paid for solutions do n't have maps for sri lanka . 
  nokia drive is the perfect solution for travellers and i 'm sure for those who travel a lot , this would really be a selling point . 
  the presenter can also show the ease of using the phone anywhere in the world with its quad band coverage , so it can use sim cards anywhere . 
  if they travel to nepal , bolivia or anywhere cold it could show off using the phone with gloves - and also show the durability of the phone in remote conditions , showing the traditional nokia quality . 
  even listening to foreign radio with the built in fm app would be entertaining . 
  then there 's nokia city lens they could market as well - so the traveller discovers a local restaurant with it . 
  the show should be filmed with a lumia 920 as well . 
  there would be two travelers , both would have lumias - one filming the other showing off the phones features . 
  the camera would be good enough for a web series and it could show off the capabilities of the camera as well - taking photos in remote caves for example with low lighting . 
  make it a multi part series on youtube and have it spread via social media . 
  if they got a decent presenter and went to interesting locations it would get millions of views . 
  that and nokia already have a sizeable social media presence so they could definitely push it . 
  so what do you think / r/windowsphone ? 
  if there are any nokia employees here ... or anyone in contact with them i would really suggest doing this . 
  the cost would n't be that great and if produced/marketed well enough i know it would sell thousands on the phone . 
  i 'm looking at replacing my laptop next year with a win8 machine . 
  i do quite a bit of gaming so it would be nice to try out 3d vision , and also i do some work in photoshop so a touch screen laptop with a pen would be helpful . 
  are there any out there or in the pipeline ? 
  this is the biggest disadvantage of google navigation as far as i 'm concerned . 
  when i heard earlier in the year that offline mapping was coming i was really excited . 
  having offline maps is fantastic for travelling , and would save me from using a third party solutions like sygic , which i currently use since data connections are n't cheap in my country . 
  sygic lets me download all of new zealand for gps and so i 'm not stuck using all my data . 
  however what we got was sub par . 
  downloading barely more than a city with the inability to even search maps . 
  it 's pathetic really , and barely even useless if you ca n't even search your downloaded maps offline . 
  now contrast this with nokia drive on windows phone . 
  you can download entire countries - you could download the entire world offline to your phone and travel anywhere with it . 
  full offline gps support . 
  this is nokia 's biggest advantage as far as anyone who travels is concerned . 
  in much of the world data connections are awful and to have fantastic mapping support without being able to use it to its full extent seems pretty poor . 
  i 'll be in sri lanka for christmas and will have to get a local sim card and pay for expensive 3g to use google maps . 
  sygic does n't offer sri lankan maps and using google maps wo n't be cheap . 
  in paris it was easier to use the trip advisor app as it came with the ability to search offline for landmarks , than to use the `` offline '' google maps to find my way around . 
  if google really want to be king of mapping solutions then this is its achilles heel . 
  it 's really making windows phone look appealling to me , and i say that as an android lover . 
  the crapple shitephone !, 
  upvote for my witty humour, 
  i tried to buy a game and they wanted money for it !, 
  can you believe it ? 
  unlike steam where it 's a `` virtual wallet '' - i just entered my credit card details 2 months ago and got free games !,
