  i did n't finish phantom hourglass . 
  that last temple or the one near the end was just awful, 
  skyward sword is the most boring for me so far to be honest . 
  i loved twilight princess though , give the gamecube version a shot . 
  why do you even bother ? 
  reported, 
  * witchcraft : the damnation ftfy, 
  dae hear of an indie popstar called madonna ? 
  he should have done the navy seals one . 
  it would have been perfect . 
  / u/dacvak is better . 
  why do n't you hang out with me chooter :(, 
  in the name of the father , the son and the holy freemarket . 
  amen, 
  yeah it looks amazing . 
  i saw it on a wii u lineup trailer wondering what it was . 
  if it 's anywhere near as good as they say xenoblade chronicles was , then it will be amazing . 
  i 'm not your pal , episcopal, 
  ###### swag, 
  do n't be embarassed joseph . 
  i too unshamefully love 90s pop . 
  games i ca n't play on console ... 
  the last time i wanted to go to an arcade was for mario kart arcade , and that was years ago . 
  pope francis reportedly washes ~ ~ inmates ~ ~ snicker salesmens feet, 
  you are the anti hug, 
  pwn fundies online with your science degree !, 
  [ m ] i just wanted to share this picture because it does look really cool, 
  please stop spamming here , nobody will bother clicking on your links, 
  oh god , not again . 
  praying that he 's caught quickly . 
  get a better title, 
  god i love having backwards compatibility too . 
  you were n't making much sense at all . 
  what would make sense financially was them developing a console game and porting it to pc and maybe a dumbed down or side version for mobile ... 
  that 's bullshit . 
  aside from it being completely illegal due to digital licensing , there would be no incentive . 
  why would they actually do that when all they care about is getting your money ? 
  because the developers/publishers have approved for them to be . 
  when you buy a game on steam you buy a license to play it according to valves terms and conditions , which means if your account is banned/hacked you lose your games . 
  almost none of the games on steam are approved as drm free , so the publishers would cry foul and sue them if hypothetically valve released them as such . 
  also the cost of implementing this would be the last thing they would consider if they were bankrupt . 
  the service would end and you lose your games . 
  just because valve give you good sales does n't mean they have good motives . 
  they whined about windows 8 just because there 's the windows store competing with them . 
  they want your money and yes they find good ways of getting customers but that 's all you are . 
  a customer . 
  but those are different muslims !, 
  it does n't count if we do n't think the same thing !!, 
  i mean they have the 12 imams , that 's just weird man ... 
  generalize the news : washington dc is death city since a major shooting occured last week . 
  more uninformed ~ ~ opinions ~ ~ news at 6 !, 
  you can be `` liberal '' in your use of cigarettes or getting tattoos , it does n't mean you 're liberal theologically or politically or in any other areas . 
  driscoll is certainly not liberal theologically, 
  taking the karma since the beginning . 
  this is not news you conspiracy idiot, 
  you 're joking right ? 
  dumb fundies thought they could share an inaccurate image on the internet . 
  what a bunch of backwards illogical skyturds . 
  here 's a graph showing how we 'd be living in the second enlightenment if the xtian dark ages never occured . 
  thank you for your sacrifice, 
  it is 2013 in the south and i still live in fear . 
  there is nothing but ignorance , everywhere i gaze . 
  millions of sheep blindly thanking a nonexistant cloud man for their meals . 
  every night . 
  clasping their hands in gratitude for a new promotion , or whatever banal wish they have . 
  however greater minds have realized the truth . 
  there is nothing but nonexistence after this life is finished . 
  the god they worship is nothing but a phoney . 
  i am alone in a darkly lit room , mere metres below the family home . 
  it is 4:35 pm , and i have not eaten for three hundred minutes . 
  my stomach is rumbling with a terrible anger , that even i am unsure how long i will survive . 
  a glowing screen in the corner of the room beckons . 
  my guardian appears to have reset the router , and my door to reason is written in the address bar . 
  for years it seemed i was the only one immune to infestation of this religious mind poison . 
  i believed i was the only free thinker , the only person truly filled with the science spirit until i found a community . 
  a community that accepted me . 
  a community that believed my stories of oppression , because they too had suffered under the american theocracy . 
  a community i was to make my home for the rest of my life . 
  i have repeated these lines to myself endlessly during the famine . 
  i have been tempted to leave my home , but i stayed vigilant . 
  knowing that science would provide sustenance for me . 
  sweat drips down the side of my neck , as the fan on my computer blows louder . 
  i adjust my stylish yet practical imitation leather fedora , wiping it on my opeth t shirt . 
  i greatly appreciate opeths cries of intellectual freedom . 
  though their sound is angry , they scream the disenchanted sounds of religious hatred and hark from the enlightened land of fermented milk and racial purity : sweden . 
  they too are fellow warriors in our brave new world . 
  i have given up on shaving , for it does nothing for me . 
  keeping up appearances serves no purpose in my struggle , the scruff on my neck acts as a trap for the excess sweat slowly dripping off my face . 
  my cheeks also blossom with a patchy red , it spreads across the corners of my face as a natural mark of an asthmatic warrior . 
  i open facebook , cautiously entering the hive of ignorance to spread my daily fight . 
  another disgusting fundie i once knew in junior high is thanking her sky daddy in her news feed . 
  i stretch out my fingers for battle . 
  `` why the fuck does god care about you , when children are starving in africa . 
  you 're so selfish you dumb slut ... please love me '', 
  pouring my emotions and indisputable logic on the screen , i wait only a minute for the reply, 
  `` um , hey nick i do n't even know why i 'm friends with you . 
  i 've got a boyfriend as well . 
  also do n't insult my religion like that . 
  i do n't think we can be friends either , you 're just so rude . '', 
  she has disregarded the truth i have shown her and proven to be an enemy .
