  more like harmonious degregation of hong kong and macau . 
  i 'm well aware of the context of the opium wars and the history of hk . 
  i 'm sure you 're aware that kowloon and the island were ceded permanently to the british over 150 years ago and the 99 year lease was only on the new territories as well . 
  of course how hong kong was acquired was despicable . 
  i 'm not `` whitewashing '' tha fact . 
  just like how the western american territories and much of australia was acquired by genociding the local population . 
  however that does n't change the fact that in the century and a half , hong kong developed so quickly and almost unrecognizably for the better . 
  there was no `` hong kong '' in the qing dynasty except for a small military barracks and a few fishing villages , the city essentially was built by the british . . 
  the circumstances the city was acquired in is true with most instances of colonialism , but to condemn them does n't change history or does n't solve the problems of contemporary hong kong . 
  a huge number of chinese fled to hong kong after the ccp won the civil war , as well as during the turmoil in the years that followed . 
  many of the great business of hong kong were founded by the former business owners in shanghai . 
  their poor treatment left an impact on the distaste of the communist regime that continues to this day among many of the locals . 
  hate of the ccp is far from a recent thing in hk . 
  mainlanders are taught that hong kongers defying their rules are `` slaves '' to their colonial masters , but there 's little difference in beijings or the uk 's rule other than a change of skin colour . 
  in neither instance - the uk founding the colony , or it being returned to beijing in 97 , were the wishes of the locals consulted . 
  beijing claims they 're the same culture but it 's simply not true . 
  hong kongers preserved traditional chinese customs better , as the temples and ancestral homes were n't raided during the cultural revolution . 
  additionally a fusion of western and chinese values developed under british rule that gave hong kong a unique culture of its own . 
  do you see that mainlanders barging in to use the city as their personal shopping mall , and claiming they 're the same as them might offend the locals who had decades of different experiences to mainlanders ? 
  i think that you 're really stereotyping hong kongers distaste towards the mainland . 
  sure some delusionally wax nostalgic for british rule and hate mainlanders out of pure xenophobia but this is a small minority . 
  most are really tired of the colonialism by their new master beijing , who is slowly dismantling the culture and existing systems of the city . 
  mainlanders are then viewed as a symptom of the political problems of china and unfortunately do face discrimination . 
  of course recent poor behaviour of some tourists certainly does n't help either . 
  first the land is harmoniously reunfied , now the skies are too !, 
  there simply would n't be 40 million other nationalities coming to hk though . 
  the airport could n't handle it for one . 
  i think people downvoted you because your not entitled to know who each user is ... unless you came to the meetup i guess . 
  i did n't downvote you though . 
  it 's not over ... yet ; _ ;, 
  commentator just confirmed 298 runs required, 
  but can we get the one wicket ? 
  it 's a hate story , taylor just fuck off, 
  you just need to wait until the stream starts , then they go away, 
  elliot should be knighted . 
  yessssss amazing game . 
  well done sa , you played beautifully as well . 
  closest game i 've seen . 
  elliot should be knighted . 
  incredible match . 
  when we were 10 points down with four ? 
  balls i did n't think we 'd do it . 
  it was n't over . 
  yeahhh !!!, 
  you played incredibly well too and it could have gone either way . 
  honestly it was a near fluke that we made it with so few balls to spare . 
  that 's a fern on your flair not a poppy mate . 
  it went down to the wire , because new zealand needed to match what south africa scored with several points still to get from very few bowls . 
  unlike most other sports , in cricket teams take turn scoring ( by batting ) , and the other team bowls and fields ( tries to catch the shots that are batted ) . . south africa had batted first and done extremely well , meaning the new zealanders needed to get 298 runs ( points ) to win . 
  there were only two more bowls ( chances to hit ) and new zealand were at 293 runs . 
  they needed five runs from two balls . 
  grant elliot amazingly hit a six ( six pointer shot ) meaning that new zealand got 299 runs , beating south africa . 
  geraldine is quite a nice small town just out of christchurch , good for taking a coffee break and looking at the shops . 
  there is literally no chance of a pc release . 
  it 's like asking when the next metroid game will come out on pc . 
  it 's owned by a sony studio and one of the few big system sellers they have at the moment . 
  if you want the game badly enough , then buy a ps4 . 
  i made feijoada the other day . 
  it was delicious . 
  all will soon fear the huempire, 
  hey op , i 've been to macau . 
  as others have said all signs are bilingual and you hear the language on public transport and see it for all civic institutions , but by and large it 's not spoken by the chinese majority . 
  for a second language , they opt to learn english . 
  the portuguese community is about 5 % of the city and they still use it . 
  i had lunch at a brazilian restaurant and the owner obviously spoke it fluently . 
  she had been there for many years , but said that even under the portuguese administration , it was n't widely spoken . 
  the question is n't democracy or dictatorship , it 's stability . 
  no country wants a trading partner that 's fighting sectarian conflict , as trading then becomes unreliable . 
  whoever provides that is going to be preferred and often it is the dictators that do it . 
  for less developed middle eastern and african nations , i do n't think any system is preferential . 
  for well developed countries , it 's assumed they 'll already be democracies anyways . 
  it 's much easier to talk about human rights abuses and the western moral high ground amongst developed countries than it is resource trading partners in the second and third worlds . 
  the idea of the west benevolently `` spreading democracy '' and standing up for human rights is laughably hypocritical so long as we 're alligned with the saudi 's and qataris . 
  not if his family is of good stature and from a wealthy background . 
  there are families in italy such as the sforza that can trace their ancestry back to ancient roman nobility . 
  it 's my understanding that parish and church records are quite reliable given the pervasion of the church in past centuries . 
  no , ethnically we 're not . 
  different ethnicities formed over thousands of years of cultural development . 
  an ethnicity is nothing to do with your genetics . 
  `` genetically '' may have been the word you 're looking for . 
  there are several news articles on the story and any speculator on china has been saying the same thing . 
  zhou yongkang was the most prominent case of it . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  when christianity was in power and institutionalized it became violent , but it did n't start from the outset . 
  for hundreds of years christians were persecuted in rome and fed to the lions , following jesus example of turning the other cheek , until it became the main religion in the empire . 
  contrast this with islam which was founded by a warlord and spread across arabia and much of the middle east within less than a century, 
  why do you not think there needs to be reform within islam ? 
  i do n't think they 're all explicitly `` anti china '' . 
  business leaders , many of whom write opinion pieces certainly do n't want china to fail , otherwise they 'll lose a lot of their own interests in the country . 
  i agree that nobody knows the inner workings of the ccp other than the ccp themselves , but when patterns emerge of rival factions in the party being removed by xi 's graft campaign , it 's not hard to connect the dots . 
  there 's shitposting and then there 's racism ... 
  the jews touched this, 
  i 'd rather be an indian in melbourne . 
  unfortunately there 's far more bogans in sydney . 
  india does n't does n't never not lose . 
  does he ever play on diameter ? 
  just ... how ? 
  who thought it was a good idea for the whole team to go . 
  strongbalwas , rain and smack are all for o and probably d too . 
  ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ validate ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ :(,
