  the fees are horrendous in london too , anywhere else i 'm sure would be fine . 
  chch drivers do suck , but i think the test is much more difficult now than it ever has been . 
  not surprising it was in nelson . 
  that city has more leftover hippies per capita than just about anywhere else . 
  kind of a shame you missed christchurch . 
  as a foodie we have some great restaurants that have started up recently , even if the infrastructure still leaves a lot to be desired . 
  there was no danger of me bumping into anyone , which is probably why i did n't notice it . 
  i really need to just get on and rebook it . 
  living here at the moment is not really ideal , but there 's still enough for tourists to do . 
  there 's good shopping in town as well as riccarton and the big farmers market . 
  we 've recovered i believe to pre quake levels of restaurants , and there are some really cool ethnics . 
  we have two burmese restaurants now , whereas no other city in new zealand has one for example . 
  the botanic gardens , antarctic centre , museums and the other usual tourist haunts are all operational . 
  akaroa , lyttleton , hanmer springs and geraldine are all little towns just out of chch worth visiting too . 
  next time you 're in nz things will definitely be better though . 
  the stones stray cat blues is also about having sex with a 15 year old groupie . 
  i can see that you 're fifteen years old, 
  no i do n't want your i.d. 
  and i can see that you 're so far from home, 
  but it 's no hanging matter, 
  it 's no capital crime '', 
  that track always disgusts me . 
  it may be daily trash but they did their research on this one, 
  ### fucking fundies ruin everything, 
  haha . 
  i can barely even afford a ps4 now , let alone both consoles . 
  also brazilians use kkkk to represent laughing , so it 's in good company with other k terms . 
  the word itself sounds trashy too, 
  that 's the worst acronym so far, 
  bae/boo means babe . 
  fam is family, 
  turn ( t ) up means get drunk, 
  ratchet means skanky/trashy . 
  sounds like shit, 
  saying every verse is unreasonable . 
  there are some very clear commandments on loving one another for example . 
  this is a tad forward for new zealanders ... actually probably a tad forward for anyone . 
  ~ ~ but before you find your dream neckbeard bachelor ; where are you from ? ~ ~, 
  edit : there would probably be kiwis willing to marry you for a greencard anyways . 
  la la la we won amirite ? 
  it worked for / r/atheism . 
  then again , the sporting subs usually attracted a. ... more mature demographic . 
  some context would be helpful . 
  this is in hong kong , the city with by far the highest average property prices on earth . 
  they have a huge housing bubble , moreso than vancouver , new york or london . 
  to buy a standard one bedroom appartment is nearly a million usd . 
  mainland chinese buy property in hong kong because it 's simple to do so and because it 's a safe investment . 
  many of these properties being bought go unused . 
  in a city with limited space to build on as well as an already chronic housing shortage , this means the poor and middle class local population suffers . 
  this is far more to do with economics and city planning than it is to do with `` breeding '' . 
  the op is completely ignoring the context of the image to ensure it agrees with their biases . 
  i was a little skeptical having been to the uk , but it 's not something you really notice . 
  cctv cameras are incredibly common in london and major cities , but less so elsewhere . 
  according to this article there are 500 thousand in london which is far more than new york or any other us city . 
  no , if you look at the geography of hong kong , the mountainous land prevents a lot of development . 
  past kowloon , major settlements are sparsely spread out , as the geography is simply too steep to build apartments on . 
  additionally , since it 's a special region within china , they simply ca n't expand north past the new territories beyond their borders . 
  overpopulation especially in larger cities will lead to more cramped living conditions , definitely . 
  however this is n't the primary reason as to why there is a housing crisis in hong kong , and why people in the image are having to suffer in terrible living conditions . 
  i 'll admit to not being that knowledgeable about property in california , but la and san diego at least are much much flatter . 
  la has had the advantage of being able to expand out as the city grew . 
  hong kong has not . 
  i certainly think there is a double standard since they operate in gulf countries with similar levels of censorship , however i would n't defend iran on their censorship laws just because they 're as bad as some of the other worst countries on earth in this regard . 
  for every example you listed , only the first term is commonly used . 
  east sea of korea sounds ridiculously verbose . 
  what are our censorship laws ? 
  i 'm aware we have some prohibiting hate speech , but i did n't think there were many . 
  you ca n't be serious, 
  it reflects on the airline itself , when the people using the airline are predominately unhygienic . 
  of course , and they are just anecodotes . 
  however when the number of anecdotes continue to build up and a large number of people have heard horror stories about chinese tourists , then there may be a problem that needs dealing with . 
  stupid lincolndies love their lincoln . 
  little do they know he 's just a figment of their imagination . 
  it 's natural that humans would want to believe in a benevolent leader that ended the brutal institution of slavery . 
  it helps rationalize humanities faults , because even if thousands of humans were involved in the slave trade , there was one that stood up and stopped it . 
  however this is nothing but wishful thinking . 
  all arguments for lincoln are emotional driven fallacies . 
  i love how he begins with, 
  `` can you dispute this ? '', 
  as if his claim is somehow perfectly iron clad . 
  your theist agenda is showing, 
  exactly what i 'm planning on doing . 
  once i build up my vocabularly a little more , i 'll try watching some globo shows and reading folha and the other papers . 
  how hard would it even be to get out of the shot ? 
  i mean just zooming the camera in so it 's just on the students face would avoid the problem . 
  i do n't think they really thought it through . 
  oh god do n't bother . 
  i had a long interchange with him in which he was desperately trying to convince me that 9/11 was a `` conspiracy theory '' . 
  his argument was that governments conspire to do different things , therefore the official account of 9/11 was a `` conspiracy theory `` aka bullshitting semantics . 
  ahaha lovely editing, 
  probably a bit low tbh, 
  i do n't understand why it was delayed for two hours . 
  surely it would n't have taken that long to clean the child . 
  it sounded like they just stayed their in protest of ... something ? 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  i understand that the plane would have to be delayed while they were in the toilet , but i mean that it should n't have taken two hours for them to clean their child . 
  diu diu diu, 
  but of course , i always think of my fellow men * ^ ^ ^ fellow ^ ^ ^ men ^ ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ me, 
  i 'm not a lawyer but i 'm fairly sure this is legal, 
  not as relevant as the us , sure , but no other country is .
