  i 'm really glad samsung have expandable memory on my phone and the rest of the galaxy line . 
  i can recognize that the nexus 4 , one x , lumia 920 and iphone 5 are all lovely phones but i like having plenty of space on my phone . 
  i 've got a 16gb phone and a 64gb micro sd so i can take my music collection , lots of photos , movies ( actually viewable on a 5 inch + scrren ) pdfs etc on my phone . 
  the cloud experience is really lacking in new zealand - where 3g costs way more than it does overseas . 
  it 's much easier having the files on my phone . 
  i absolutely recognize i am by no means the average user but it 's always nice to have the choice . 
  i 'd wager that on most galaxy s3s people do n't use the external storage capabilities but it 's always nice to have the choice - then you please more people . 
  spirituality is not atheism and spirituality and religion are present in every single culture in existence . 
  nature may not teach us about god but man in every culture has reached out for god through what he sees in nature and to find a greater purpose . 
  if you 're trying the `` we are all born atheist '' argument it 's inherently flawed . 
  we 're all born not believing in gravity , evolution , that the world is round etc since we simply have n't been introduced to the knowledge . 
  no it would be `` as a black man , those people are n't black they 're niggers ... '' i swear i 've seen that crap before, 
  of course a sub should n't be shut down if someone likes it , but it 's about removing it from the defaults rather than shutting it down . 
  the reason i argue this is that all other subs where there are opposing ideologies are neutral . 
  we do n't have / r/pcgaming or / r/psp or / r/ps3 as default we have / r/gaming , we do n't have / r/democrat or / r/republican as default we have / r/politics , we do n't have / r/apple or / r/android as a default we have / r/technology . 
  i would n't object so much if the content was more like trueatheism and was intelligent discussion , but it 's not . 
  the content is consistently misotheistic and crass and just plain offensive some times . 
  a picture of muhammed sucking a cock or jesus fucking a goat should n't be in a default sub and yet it 's happened and been highly upvoted . 
  yeah i really like the 920 too . 
  win phone is much more preferable to apple in that theres drag and file transfer and multiple devices to pick . 
  i really wish google would introduce complete offline navigation like nokia have with nokia drive when you can download an entire country offline . 
  after using the note though even the s3 feels smallish sometimes , so i do n't know if i could go 4.5 inch . 
  reposted for maximum bravery, 
  from my parents basement i have gained new knowledge through the university of til . 
  i have reached for the cosmos through my computer screen and have accomplished more than a fundie family ever would . 
  children would ruin that and give me responsibilities and force me to feel love for a person , which is not what lord sagan intended of me . 
  this man is experiencing delusions ( aka religion ) and needs a doctor stat !, 
  this is an ** original ** song written by a scientist . 
  it 's called my friends ( are brave ), 
  my friends are so so brave, 
  i met them at the atheist debate, 
  cause they 'll be by my side, 
  i know they will, 
  sagan loves all of you, 
  hurt by the fundie scum, 
  someday we 'll explore the cosmos, 
  where religion ca n't oppress us, 
  carl sagan came to me, 
  adrift on the endless cosmic sea, 
  and said `` debating them is dumb '', 
  `` because they know nothing '', 
  i hate all fundies, 
  they lie and steal and cheat, 
  try and debate with me, 
  oh too bad thanks for trying, 
  imagine me , taught by bravery, 
  science is peace, 
  and soon the world will see, 
  that reliigon is a monstrosity, 
  and soon it will be banned, 
  everywhere ... 
  sagan loves all of you, 
  hurt by the fundie scum, 
  someday we 'll explore the cosmos, 
  where religion ca n't oppress us, 
  i 'd suggest vibrating dildos myself, 
  it 's called public transport, 
  no they really do proclaim themselves true believers . 
  they 're a bunch of self righteous pharisees who think we 're all heretics . 
  just to be fair i think both of you make very good points, 
  hi namer , i do n't know if you 're still going on this ama but i was wondering about the jews views on conversion to the faith ? 
  if you wish to marry a jew do you need to convert to the faith . 
  i know judaism is n't a proselytizing faith but is it easy to convert to the faith ? 
  oh i agree but would christ have shut them all out ? 
  / r/truechristian from the threads i 've seen and the behaviour of lou seems to wish to be exempt from all criticism . 
  i do n't believe this makes a healthy christian environment, 
  i disagree with your stance on faith personally but you make some good points . 
  i agree science adapts as knowledge comes in which is necessary for any academic field . 
  it 's the same with history - if we denied adapting to new texts or information when it was discovered then we would n't learn anything . 
  i believe faith also adapts to observation rather than denial . 
  true some yec 's and fundamentalists will insist that their interpretation is the only legitimate way and will deny any scientific claim that contradicts with their interpretation . 
  for many christians though their faith will be shaped as new knowledge and theology comes in . 
  the way we interpret the bible now compared to how we interpreted it even 50 years ago has changed since new theological views and new christian texts have come in giving us new background as to the meaning of what was written . 
  it 's not a `` cop out '' or cherry picking if you sincerely believe that god made everything . 
  the bible is n't a scientific manual it tells a story of gods love and relationship with man and man reaching out to fill a spiritual void . 
  now the modern church sees genesis as allegory since theology , science and history have made this more clear . 
  evolution then becomes a tool , gravity becomes one of the natural laws that god created . 
  nothing in science has been able to convince me that god does n't exist because i see science as the observation of what he has done . 
  faith then adapts with science and history and any academic field that is relevant to it . 
  what does n't change is the nature of god which i believe is consistently validated the more we learn about the world he created . 
  you effectively get zero ads with the bbc which makes it worth it . 
  there are other uk networks like channel 4 with more advertising and are completely free i believe, 
  largely because of the style its written in . 
  genesis has long been seen as allegorical and many theologians see it in the style of jewish poetry . 
  the bible is n't one homogenous work its a collection encompassing different genres by multiple authors . 
  obviously jesus is seen as history since we have 4 different accounts describing his life and resurrection . 
  acts is another clear historical account as is kings and other books in the old testament . 
  you have poetry , prophesy , history and many other accounts . 
  likewise with exodus it is written in a historical style and yet we have no other sources in history speaking of the hebrew slaves so in light of the knowledge available , many theologians see it as a great story that was written to encourage the jews while they were in babylon or assyria or persia ? 
  i ca n't remember which . 
  we do n't just blindly accept everything . 
  theologians devote their entire lives figuring out how to interpret the bible , so they have some pretty good processes . 
  hey man its pretty tough to do the research when it 's ** covered up by the pentagon !, 
  oh god what the fuck ... 
  ahem , i mean merry spacemas everybody !!, 
  it 's not likely that the average user would jailbreak their phone however . 
  also unless it 's cydia apps the ios ones do n't have dodgy permissions . 
  androids openess can be both a curse and a blessing, 
  well the romans to the jews until the siege of jerusalem, 
  man ... just stop taking things so seriously .
