  personally i do n't get why the screen size is being added to . 
  i can barely fit it in my pocket with a case at the moment , and i think 5.3 should be as big as it gets . 
  i 'm sure it will get the same camera as the s3 which is a good thing , and be similar to it in most hardware regards ( quad core etc ) i also think they 'll improve the stylus . 
  it 'll also likely have the same design theme and be easier to grip in the hand however there are two things i really disliked about the s3 that i hope they fix . 
  - firstly , no built in swype ?!, 
  there 's a similar option for the default keyboard but its not working on browsers and it is n't as good . 
  - secondly they removed usb utilities so it ca n't be used as a flashdrive and only via mtp . 
  speeds are still slower via mtp so a bad move, 
  thirdly - why micro sim ? 
  is n't standard sim good enough ? 
  these are the only gripes i have about the s3 . 
  if they 're not in the note , i 'll be getting this for my mum when it comes out . 
  - same camera as the s3 , much faster than the current camera, 
  - better stylus with zero lag/double pressure sensitivity, 
  this seems a bit ridiculous . 
  more golds , but overall medal total seems a better indicator of how well you do . 
  i 'm proud of our country for doing well , but other countries have more medals . 
  maybe some sort of medal ranking by points , 1 for bronze , 2 for silver and 3 for gold ? 
  eugh , i hate them too . 
  why i have also had to face the darkest depths of fundie indocrination when my parents sent me off to church camp . 
  as a kid i really denied any form of authority . 
  i often harrased teachers , and the idea of a great man in the sky ruling over me was not only ridicoulous to me , but also hazardous ... 
  i came out to my ( extremist ) parents at the age of 14 . 
  they cried , threatened me , did everything they could to turn me back into a robot ... 
  about 1 month after i came out , 3 men came into my house at night , and told me to stay quiet and walk with them . 
  i tought it was a kidnapping , as most people who experience this ... 
  i walked into the van , and they explained themselelves . 
  i was shocked and filled with hate , but i knew i should n't do anything , the van was small and i could n't defend myself . 
  my first day at that prison was horrible ... everything i did was supervised , and also controlled . 
  the only time i got some `` privacy '' was at night , 10 o'clock . 
  after 1 week i just could n't take the authority , and i was put in isolation . 
  two months . 
  two . 
  months . 
  after the first month i began hearing voices in my head , and after another week , the voices formed into a big , strong voice ... 
  i only had one conversation with it . 
  voice : `` escape . '', 
  me : `` how ? '', 
  voice : `` strong . 
  then kill . '', 
  after the last sentence i never heard it again . 
  but it was enough . 
  i knew my goal . 
  at the time i had about 100 lbs ... 
  i was skinny , i did n't have force ... 
  i was helpless . 
  every time i got out of isolation , i said `` fuck god . '' . 
  all i did in isolation was exercise . 
  i was so full of hate i did n't care about time ... 
  in there there was no natural light , just a little crack ... 
  i had no clock , so i would just look at the crack while exercising . . everytime light started to get through the crack , meaning it was day , it was a great achievment . 
  i felt . . great . 
  small things where all i had , so it was incredible ... 
  i exercised in there for 8 months ... breaks of 20 minutes , exercises for 1 and a half . 
  and repeat . 
  repeat . 
  repeat ... 
  after 8 months , i finnaly got out ... everyone was so surprised i did n't shout `` fuck god . '' . 
  for about 4 days i was heavily looked at by all the guards ... that was the day i began the brainwashing . 
  they thought the isolation broke me down . 
  it only made me stronger . 
  everytime i entered the brainwashing room i would see a broken window . 
  the room was on the first floor , so i could get out without too much damage . 
  but i was ... nowhere . 
  nowhere meaning a forest . 
  i could run , of course , but how long would the forest last ? 
  i did n't know . 
  forest was freedom . 
  freedom is good . 
  so i got to get in the forest . 
  one day , instead of the 5 athletic guys that went with me to the room , there were only 2 janitors . 
  i was so surprised ... yet calm . 
  i knew that was my day . 
  as i was approaching the window , i felt some adrenaline going up my spine ... 
  i quickly headlocked one guy while kicking the other with one foot , and managed to pull a neck break on the headlocked guy . . 
  i got ready , then jumped off the window . 
  i fell , rolled , and managed to do n't get hurt bad ... 
  i was running , running , running ... 
  i could hear some sounds , but i was so thrilled i did n't pay attention . . after about 4km running i finnaly stopped . 
  i could feel freedom . 
  it was ... beautiful . 
  i heard a `` fuck !, 
  watch how you 're driving , man ! '' . 
  my instinct moved me , and i approaced a yellow car ... 
  `` please . . just . . let me come . '', 
  the guy looked at me surprised , then told me to get in . 
  after about half an hour , when i recovered , he asked me my story , but i was still afraid . 
  what if he would get me to the cops ? 
  what if he was one of them ? 
  i did n't know . 
  i just said `` no time to explain . 
  where are you going ? '' . 
  he said florida . 
  i arrived in florida at the age of 15 . 
  i 'm 19 now , and i never spoke with my parents again , and will never do it . 
  i truly hate them . 
  but the experience made me realize how important free will is . 
  . . aaaaand i grew fucking awesome muscles . 
  i 'm so glad you chose to stamp religion out of your wedding . 
  can i suggest `` imagine '' for the opening song .
