  my query is basically are all bachelors degrees treated equally , or will humanities be preferred ? 
  i am thinking of doing a tefl certificate but am wondering if it is required . 
  from doing some research i understand the jet programme does n't require a tefl certificate . 
  preferably i would like to teach early childhood in hong kong or japan for a year , but am wondering whether my current qualification is satisfactory , or whether i will need a tefl ceritifcate as well . 
  whoever receives the most downvotes is crowned winner . 
  please post your ideologically loaded questions for the candidates below . 
  `` i ca n't speak for doctors , i can really only speak for electrical/electronic engineers ... most i would say are not religious . 
  cognitive dissonance does n't sit well with the math and logic required to be successful as an engineer ... engineers understand that magic simply does not happen , whereas religion requires that you believe that it does . '', 
  [ rebooted pasta ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheismrebooted/comments/2d1elu/scientist_given_stateoftheart_treatment_for_ebola/cjl9395 ), 
  aside from sodomy , atheism and general godless perversion of the true church of sidehugs, 
  seriously i 'm tired of opposition . 
  i 'm tired of the same neo conservative talking points about `` business '' and `` the economy '' . 
  almost everyone here ( anyone with sanity that is ) has agreed that the green policies trump the dirty politics of national , maori , new zealand worst and even labour . 
  it only takes a cursory glance at green party policies on public transport , the environment , social welfare and any other issue to see they 're offering a superior choice . 
  so to all the disbelievers here you go - read them , shut up and vote green already . 
  black luquorice is delicious , especially salmiak . 
  there is n't anything else to figure out . 
  if i 'm completely honest ( and i know this might be controversial ) i think it is immoral to bring people into this world who dislike black liquorice . 
  how can you live a normal life with such a deficiency ? 
  the truth is that you 're bringing someone into the world who lacks the tools to thrive . 
  their life will be painful and confusing , full of abstractions they can not grasp and emotions they lack the tools to control , most of them knowing they are missing something essential , yet even this only half-understood . 
  they will be unable to find work , especially as most of the socializing at work happens while enjoying black liquorice together during lunch . 
  this means that they will often lose their jobs , and they will exisit on the sufferance of their parents or the state . 
  creating a person is n't a morally neutral act . 
  refusing to think quantitatively about these types of things will perpetuate a world of needless pain gilded with moral grandstanding . 
  [ salty but sweet source ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/2eahab/an_argument_about_aborting_down_syndrome_babies/cjxslfh ), 
  it 's a powerup you get right ? 
  how do you use it . 
  i know this is a noob question but i did n't see it on the wiki or through the search feature . 
  the revelations in dirty politics have left one and only one knee jerk solution possible , ~ ~ kill ~ ~ impeach the prime minister . 
  please donate your upvotes to the left . 
  somebody said we have binding referendums now , so this is definitely going to work . 
  hi there . 
  i bought a pro 2 secondhand which was restored to default settings . 
  everything was working fine and i started setting it up . 
  i then applied all the latest windows updates . 
  after reinstalling with all updates applied successfully there was no wifi at all . 
  in device manager and devices and printers it showed there being an issue . 
  i followed microsofts instructions here http://www.microsoft.com/surface/en-nz/support/networking-and-connectivity/install-wireless-drivers and then manually uninstalled and deleted the drivers and downloaded and transferred the drivers from here http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=38826 onto the surface . 
  i tried installing and reinstalling the official drivers about 10 times and they never worked, 
  after trying for 2 hours i did a system restore from before the updates were applied and it resolved the issue . 
  i then manually installed the latest firmware updates from that link ( aside from the wireless drivers ) . 
  has anyone else had this happen and does anyone know what update in particular caused this ? 
  until i know what update in particular caused the issue i 've resolved not to install any windows updates . 
  aside from that terrible incident i 'm pretty content with the surface so far . 
  the trackpad on the type cover 2 is definitely better after installing the latest firmware updates , it was borderline unusable before . 
  it 's also a little heavier than i thought it was but it 's still usable in tablet mode . 
  edit : here is someone with the same problem but the advice here is exactly what i did and it did n't fix the issue at the time . 
  hi there . 
  i 've successfully got dios mios working on wii and have no issues with all the isos i 've downloaded , however gcm files are causing issues . 
  from what i 've read a gcm file is just a renamed iso , so you should be able to just change the extension and get it working . 
  unfortunately i 've had no such luck . 
  i 've tried two different downloads of crystal chronicles and neither worked when renamed to gcm . 
  they show up in dios mios but i just get a black screen when trying to load them . 
  they do n't even show up at all as gcm files . 
  i tried using the `` gamecube iso tool '' to convert the file to an iso but that did n't work either . 
  has anyone else had issues with this ? 
  i raised this issue on google support years ago when it was last removed and they added the option . 
  now i 've discovered that by default they continue to push playlists by update date only . 
  is there any way to fix this in user settings or something . 
  here 's a screenshot of what i see on chrome http://i.imgur.com/7exutgu.png, 
  bitcoin is akin to pure truth . 
  and truth always comes at a very high cost to those who do not embrace it . 
  that is why some people get very emotional and upset . 
  [ truthiness ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/2ebbag/z/cjxvwqr ), 
  we can do it reddit . 
  faggots , i read your little ramblings about your little pissy teaching jobs and your dildo factories . 
  i would make fun of the dj 's but well , i mean do i even need to ? 
  maybe one day you can move to hk like me and be a banker but that would require a real education on your part . 
  first , i live in hong kong . 
  and i mean only hong kong island , i refuse to step foot in china . 
  when i have to use the airport i take a helicopter across kowloon just so i never need to step foot onto your shit infested soil . 
  yeah that 's right faggots , our airport is another island so that totally counts . 
  chinese restaurants ? 
  only in the nicest hotels , thank you . 
  i 'd prefer not to have this `` gutter oil '' i 've been reading about in the wall street journal on my way to work in my private mercedes . 
  now let 's talk about your `` women '' . 
  rainy , is it ? 
  it seems a lot of you are trying to have sex with your students . 
  great job , i guess . 
  mine ? 
  bitch please . 
  educated at the finest girls schools hk has to offer , university at oxford where she majored in modeling . 
  yeah , we bang . 
  i 'd go into more detail but i do n't want to ruin your nightly starfishing . 
  i have to leave you faggots something , right ? 
  she 's also pretty good at speaking ching chong to whoever comes over and fixes my jacuzzi when it breaks ( stupid penthouse maintenance people , china ca n't even get luxury right ) . 
  what 's that , you attempt to speak chinese ? 
  wow , what a totally awesome use of your time !, 
  now you have no education and it seems like you 're a fucking downie . 
  i 'm so proud . 
  no , i do n't need to know chinese . 
  i have a real job that involves something outside of a shit tier 88 city so it requires english . 
  god 's language . 
  i ca n't even imagine getting down to these people 's levels and trying to communicate logic , freedom , liberty , and everything else those retards do n't understand . 
  well , that 's all for me at the moment . 
  i 'll answer any questions you overweight , hairy faggots have . 
  currently jacqueline ( yeah she has a real english name ) and i are going to some art show opening on hollywood road . 
  afterwards i 'll drink real alcohol ( blue label jonny walker ) and do coke off her ass . 
  cheers !,
