  i 'm sure quite a few moved , but most new zealanders living in the gold coast would have come from before the christchurch quake . 
  christchurch has a low maori population , so they came from elsewhere around the country . 
  did you hear about our cringeworthy reality show about new zealanders on the gold coast : `` the gc '' ? 
  busy with being late ? 
  cultural compatibility . 
  jews and europeans integrate easier than those from the mena region , because they have more in common with other europeans . 
  because everyone 's being sarcastic with you , the stereotypical accent you see in mary poppins and victorian english films and literature is dead . 
  it was known as the cockney accent , and even back in the 19th century was only spoken in the eastern working class part of london . 
  britain has a huge variety of accents and it comes across as a mix of ignorance and hilarity when americans try to suggest the cockney accent is representative of britain . 
  hint : when you do n't get a joke , it 's better to laugh it off rather than act indignant and rant angrily at the people responding to you . 
  this approach to humour and social interaction is commonly referred to in the british vernacular as `` handling the banter '' . 
  it 's common in the colonies too , well new zealand at least . 
  try taking a bus in macau to the beach packed with fifty other people . 
  you can barely squeeze out of the bus , let alone squeeze out a compliment to the driver . 
  this is full of far more spite than facts . 
  the uk did n't join the european union , it joined the eec which was its precursor . 
  in 1975 the nature of the organization was nothing more than a trade community . 
  there was no free movement , no european parliament and no mention of `` ever closer union '' . 
  your argument would hold true if the uk had joined ten years ago , not forty years ago . 
  my favourite oasis album was actually do n't believe the truth from 2005 . 
  it 's on par with their first two albums . 
  \\* loud drunken mancunian noises *, 
  if that 's your genuine opinion then fine , but it seems as if you 're just being contrarian for the sake of internet points . 
  which is exactly what these le wrong generation types do . 
  you could n't be more wrong . 
  i mean the comic book analogy is fine but you 're moronic if you think the historical evidence is the same as superman . 
  search jesus on / r/askhistorians . 
  they get the topic nearly every month from evangelical atheists . 
  in the case of bosnia it 's actually roughly half christian and half muslim . 
  bosnia also had a civil war but i do n't think the parallels are quite the same . 
  muslims are a larger demographic in lebanon than bosnia as well and religion is less important in the balkans than in mena or lebanon specifically , considering the top posts in governing positions are still divided on religious lines that the french put in place . 
  dual citizenship is not a right though , it is a privilege and privileges can be legislated against . 
  to follow your argument to its conclusion , in order to truly make all citizens equal we either grant them all dual citizenship or outlaw the practice . 
  nobody deserves the death penalty . 
  they deserve life imprisonment with zero chance of parole or their sentence overturned . 
  a prolonged suffering in jail damages them more than just letting these monsters be killed anyways . 
  i will never advocate the death penalty after seeing what happens in the us . 
  many people have been given post humous pardons when police have planted evidence or another perpetrator is found with some dna quirk . 
  there is no justice for them and there never will be as long as capital punishment is legal . 
  but life in prison should really mean a proper life sentence . 
  that policy is n't going to change with a brexit , in fact brexit is entirely irrelevant to the nhs other than whether eu citizens put a strain on the services . 
  the uk will do what every other first world country does in regard to a skills shortage - create a skills shortage visa and import trained doctors and nurses from around the world . 
  do people really think al the indian nurses are coming from the eu ? 
  oh yes it does . 
  sorry i thought you were being facetious or critical of taking doctors from outside the eu . 
  it 's hard to read tone online . 
  the guy is a dick but getting told christchurch is literally the jim crow era south by north islanders who often have n't even visited is a little grating . 
  i grew up here and had asian and minority friends when i was at school . 
  none have had any racial abuse that i 'm aware of . 
  the number of skinheads and white supremacists have dramatically declined since the 90s , and we 're getting more filipinos and minority workers coming for the rebuild . 
  no we 're not as `` diverse '' as any other major city in the country but that does n't mean we 're still racist . 
  if it 's under warranty service plus are an authorized repair place . 
  mythology has some of the most licentious stories around . 
  the greeks in particular had tons of incest and zeus transforming into various animals or using environmental camouflage in order to rape women . 
  abrahamic faiths are pretty tame by comparison . 
  plenty of people who did n't go back to church 50 years ago are still against it . 
  cultural influence has far more weight than religion and homosexuality always had a bad reputation . 
  the priest might have decried it but so did the postman , the baker and everyone else . 
  god save the crumpets !, 
  i 'm a bit worried about that too , but at the same time pakistani 's already have the chance to move around the eu and they stay in the uk . 
  the worst integrated pakistani 's are never going to leave their overcast new lahore 's in luton , bradford and the other british towns they 've ruined . 
  the plane ticket alone from the uk will put off the poorest from coming down under , in addition to all the other costs of moving . 
  i personally think that so long as restrictions are in place , this will be a good scheme for all of us . 
  no kiwi can claim welfare in australia while you 're entitled to it over here . 
  you ca n't support free movement with a non sovereign state like shanghai . 
  hong kong is the better example but it 's impossible after the uk gave it back . 
  yes the empowered head of the world 's foremost neo colonialist empire is totally not a hypocrite for deriding imperialism because he comes from an ethnic minority . 
  grow up . 
  i 'm arguing for immigration in my post . 
  if you 're surprised i 'm against unemployed unintegrated pakistani 's moving to my country , you would be surprised how few people would be for it . 
  yes but they at least were british in character . 
  the ethnic makeup has totally changed the nature of the towns . 
  i know a lot of british towns were shitholes post thatcher 's de-industrialization . 
  it 's hard to argue against immigration on a culinary basis , otherwise brits would be just about the bottom of the list despite giving us the beloved sunday roast , tea breaks and fish and chips . 
  however i also would rather have brits than chinese , if one has to pick considering all other factors . 
  i would obviously rather have skilled chinese than a bunch of chavs though . 
  oh man i 've encountered that too when talking to americans . 
  new zealand tourism has at least done its job . 
  the us could never work because of the population differences, 
  thanks for the summary . 
  it helps put the shift in western economics in better context . 
  more likely because they 're against the vaguely defined concept of the political establishment . 
  a vote for either trump or bernie is perceived as `` sticking it to the man '', 
  aka : punk rock politics/anarchy in the usa . 
  ^ ^ ^ note : ^ ^ ^ may ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ actually ^ ^ ^ ever ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ referred ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ by ^ ^ ^ these ^ ^ ^ labels, 
  aside from the obvious facts that there was no unified italy and no italian language at the time , his implication that the city states in the italian peninsular cared more about christianity than spain is ridiculous . 
  out of all european monarchies the spanish monarchs were probably the most fervent catholics alongside the portuguese . 
  they actually followed papal decrees even when it did n't benefit them . 
  not to mention the conversion of all of latin america to catholicism being one of their most important political policies . 
  the crusaders actions went against the directives of the pope 's and commanders countless times , not only in the fourth crusade . 
  however the main objective of every one was for religious reasons ( alongside the personal ambitions of those who organized it , which exist in every war ) . 
  the objective of the fourth crusade was to take jerusalem , even though it spiralled completely out of control . =, 
  he 's in pakistan at the moment so can see the results . 
  because boycotting muslim countries can be perceived as islamophobic . 
  you do realize there was no `` hong kong '' before the british arrived . 
  the entire city was built by the british administration and hong kongers . 
  all that was in the area were small fishing villages and an imperial military outpost . 
  that might be your clue as to why the people do n't feel political affiliation with a country they were n't even part of 20 years ago . 
  not to mention that in the past hk was far more self sufficient as well . 
  there were desalination plants and it was something of an industrial powerhouse in the 60s & 70s before china opened up and factory owners relocated production there .
