  but it 's undeniable that the right take a harder stand on issues within the islamic community in the uk than the left . 
  how some in the right express those views can be troubling , but they are at least bringing them to light . 
  polygamy will always be disproportionately in favour of men . 
  the reason most people have n't heard of polyandry is because it occurs much more infrequently than polygamy . 
  and the majority of polygamous relationships that do occur , are backed by patriarchal cults and ultra conservative forms of islam and mormonism . 
  for the police to actively monitor any reported cases of the practice occurring . 
  if thousands of women want a divorce they are legally entitled to under uk law but they 're being denied it to to a `` sharia council '' and pressure within their community , then it is clearly an issue that the police should be increasing resources to combat . 
   what are some good films from your country to watch ? 
  - in my fathers den, 
  - boy, 
  - what we do in the shadows, 
  - out of the blue, 
  - heavenly creatures, 
   how difficult is it to legally immigrate to new zealand ? 
  if your profession features on the list of skills shortages , then it 's easy . 
  otherwise similar to australia/uk/canada . 
   how secular would you say the average new zealander is ? 
  i would say it 's comparative to the average native brit . 
  christianity is the largest religion but religion is a private affair . 
  our muslim population is comparatively small to most other western countries . 
   how tolerant of other races and ethnicities would you say the average new zealander is ? 
  very tolerant . 
  we are a multicultural society and in all the major population centers , there is a significant immigrant population . 
  there is racism like in every country on earth , but less so than most countries . 
  to a secular iranian , you would face very little discrimination . 
  to a religious muslim , there would probably be some discrimination , particularly if you 're a woman wearing headdress, 
  yes that one is pretty bad . 
  it 's better being forgotten than being australian . 
  what ? 
  if the issue is reportedly widespread , then police should do their bloody jobs and monitor it as a serious offense . 
  we are talking about crimes that have been occurring here . 
  back to brittany lads !, 
  if it 's not ours , then why 's it in the name , huh ? 
  what has been sacrificed does contribute to the discussion , regardless of whether it 's regarded as fallacious or not . 
  similar logic could have been applied before the battle of britain - should britain have surrendered to the luftwaffe after london had been bombed and soldiers had already died before dunkirk ? 
  sure it 's an emotional argument , but emotions are natural when dealing with human lives . 
  when human lives have died for a cause , acting contrary to what they died for should always be carefully considered . 
  my point was in the last sentence i wrote . 
   when human lives have died for a cause , acting contrary to what they died for should always be carefully considered . 
  i think his comments are based on corbyns views that it was a `` tragedy '' that the orchestrator of 9/11 should be killed . 
  i think that 's too hyperbolic to agree with . 
  i agree ideally he should have been granted due process , but due to the circumstances of the raid , capturing him alive was very difficult . 
  racist, 
  every nation that receives her majesties charity , can become a incorporated charity under the crown . 
  the charity pays tax revenue however , and the resources of the charity are under exclusive ownership of the crown . 
  additionally , employees of the charity may face `` difficult '' working conditions with little to no salary . 
  i got a laugh out of how stupid it was . 
  there was online on the gamecube though , but it was n't built in . 
  you needed to buy an adapter and there were only a handful of games ( mario kart , phantasy star online ) that it actually worked with . 
  still not entirely accurate to say it had no online . 
  lack of third party support was a big reason , just like the wii u is suffering with . 
  after the first two years , 3rd party devs stopped developing for the gamecube , and so you had the choice of ps2 or xbox for 3rd party titles . 
  to elaborate , basically every sort of racist meme has its origin there . 
  the `` jidf '' and `` le happy merchant '' and every kind of jewish joke on the internet , largely have their origin there as well . 
  if you want a better board to use on 4chan - the only ones i use are / int / ( less racist / pol / ) , / mu / , / sp / / tv / and / lit / . 
  the rest are basically just garbage , unless you have niche interests , are a weab or a porn addict . 
  yep . 
  the only dd games worth playing were ported to gamecube ( animal crossing , ocarina of time master quest and doshin the giant ), 
  it 's not `` doublespeak '' , it 's a euphemism . 
  most ideologically driven organizations use them . 
  what they mean is that they 're socially conservative , and so anti abortion policies are likely a subset of what they do . 
  if your background is the only determining factor , how do you explain the western born jihadi 's . 
  not even accounting for third generation pakistani 's in the uk that joined is , who were raised in a tolerant and religiously plural society . 
  how do you explain the middle class radicalized white kids of christian/agnostic background who went off to fight ? 
  way overestimating the number of maori phrases . 
  i mean tangata whenua is used , but most people will just use `` maori '' . 
  ka pai is sometimes used , but mostly by maori . 
  whanau is just about the only one i actively use . 
  also, 
  `` going down to the dealers to pick up the new waka '' . 
  i mean seriously ... 
  i 've never even heard it . 
  `` aroha '' was one i definitely associate with primary school though . 
  * and if you give it away ... *, 
  i always like driving past the sanitarium factory, 
  i feel pretty brazilian whenever i down a [ caiprinha ] ( http://foodnetwork.sndimg.com/content/dam/images/food/fullset/2012/9/5/0/ccgdd413_caipirinha-recipe_s4x3.jpg ) though . 
  i suppose it represents our environment , and is something of a national symbol already . 
  then taking them as refugees would prove to be beneficial , because there would only be one generation of them to provide for . 
  the word you 're looking for is fascism , mot nationalism . 
  personally first thought when mentioning europe and nationalism is the french revolution . 
  do n't worry , they 'll be able to kindle it soon enough . 
  to be fair , despite the android fanboyism , that was a reasonable comment . 
  it 's clear that the ipad pro is a response to the surface . 
  apple are trying to retain their graphic artists in the tablet arena , as well as the desktop . 
  if they had a touch optimized but scaled down version of osx , this would be perfect . 
  but this is just a premium ipad . 
  true , but that one was n't targeted for artists like the surface and ipad pro, 
  the windows store is actually as locked down as ios 's . 
  it is by far the worst mobile store , but all major apps are on there . 
  there 's a few quite cool apps designed for surface though like drawboard , which when paired with the pen is hands down the best pdf editor on any os . 
  i stood on mine :(, 
  8.1 is objectively better than 7 in every area , barring the start menu . 
  improved load times , longer support , built in iso and additional file format support etc. 
  if it 's illegal then why not report them ? 
  equating a women who ca n't leave her house without the permission of her husband and ca n't speak our native language , to a guy ranting predictably at the pub is absurd . 
  nepotism always screwing us over . 
  well best of luck to you and hopefully there 's less noise in the future . 
  i always thought that london houses were quite soundproof though . 
  i stayed in my relatives semi detached houses for a month and never heard a peep from the neighbours . 
  how is the relationship between you and egypt now that sisi is in power ?
