  7 was fantastic . 
  the multiplayer was top notch too . 
  i liked the taking the sub part and the battle in germany . 
  the prison sequence was ridiculously fast paced though . 
  and the attack on new york was overblown too, 
  the latest kirby and mario titles were some of the best in the series . 
  i 'd consider buying their digital titles if they were substantially cheaper than retail . 
  the newest ace attorney is 20 pounds which is a good price . 
  i do n't think so . 
  he was describing how nintendo 's franchises like star fox and f zero have been dumbed down . 
  he also used mario and kirby unfairly as examples of it , when it 's obvious they 've actually been improving those franchises . 
  yep , it 's definitely us who think we 're superior ... 
  i mean , we definitely claim it 's biologically inherent that our sex is better and use pseudo psychological matrix analogies as to how our minds have expanded by treating women like shit . 
  go look in a mirror, 
  it was a car in the dr seuss books . 
  let 's just leave it at that . 
  they have a british girl doing the world fashion shows . 
  the one in colombia was quite interesting, 
  ah i see , i thought it was a legitimate complaint . 
  my mistake . 
  \\  irrelevant, 
  \\  a st lewis quote, 
  pick one, 
  i 'm really enjoying this . 
  mac sounds just as sardonic as i thought he would , and jordan sounds so enthusiastic like a friendly youth pastor . 
  on the subject of christian films i pretty much agreed with everything you 're saying . 
  however i watched the blue like jazz film recently and it was actually pretty decent . 
  an honest story of a crisis of faith , featuring gasp swearing and actual relationships . 
  great news !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  since it 's an intangible concept , there 's always different peoples opinions on it . 
  most seem to center round some form of `` trust '' , which i agree with . 
  when something has been a constant for millenia , it 's proven . 
  i do n't think so . 
  because you disagree with their definition of faith does n't mean there 's no room for discussion . 
  saint it poisons the well without pointing out why you think it 's wrong or providing your own definition seems to stifle conversation more than that . 
  `` this one '' is merely what most christians in the thread are answering to , which seems to be some form of trust . 
  different people are giving different opinions , most going to some form of trust but there are different opinions in the thread . 
  nobody is choosing only one definition as you will see , however there seems to be one or a similar one that many people are agreeing on . 
  simply because the dictionary has five different definitions for it , does n't mean everyone is going to answer by the exact definitions or phrase it in the exact same way . 
  this is faith as a group of christians perceive it . 
  different religions will have different views of the concept , but the definitions being given are related to what is written about it in the bible and christians own opinions . 
  nobody is restrictively choosing one meaning , they are giving their views on what the word means . 
  if i asked a group their views on what the word love meant , there would be a host of different answers . 
  many conforming to a similar phrasing of what the dictionary says , but since it goes into the metaphysical , people will be giving wildly different opinions . 
  for these concepts you ca n't just yell out `` you 're wrong '' because much of their meaning is personal . 
  i know one of the main complaints about metro is having it take up the whole screen . 
  if they had this with easy scrolling between the apps + a search bar at the bottom . 
  if they put something like this in i think it would improve the standard win 8 experience . 
  i quite like the travel + maps apps but that 's about it . 
  either you are my sunshine or america the beautiful, 
  the us foreign policy ca n't be condensed down to `` oil '' much as you might like to believe it or not . 
  i saw someone in there suspecting that shills were being paid to dismiss the glorious steambox which we have barely any details of . 
  i ca n't even believe that 's serious . 
  america broke away from the british empire by divine call ? 
  they 're making fun of my precious internet culture !, 
  that looks good , i might give it a try instead of classic start for a while . 
  almost beyond parody really, 
  there 's a difference between hating someone and avenging them . 
  i do n't agree with the hatred either but the resentment to japanese in korea is n't going to go away for a while . 
  thankfully in new zealand we do n't assume every crime is automatically commited by a muslim . 
  as i said i disagree with it . 
  however it 's not going to go away overnight . 
  there would n't be social stigma in this perfect jobless utopia would there ? 
  boredom can be cured by recreational activities , i do n't think a job is mandatory for that . 
  there are no societies i 'm aware of that functioned without at least trade . 
  i am their master and they are the blind eyes that follow me . 
  it has been a long fifteen years since my current birth on this earth , yet i have been born many a time . 
  i come from a long line of creatures dating back millenia past . 
  we first roamed this earth in the wild , our thick coats shielding us from the harsher seasons like a timeless cloak . 
  we have fought the humans for many a years , however it was only when we infiltrated them from the inside that we realized the extent of our powers . 
  we evolved to appear less ferocious and like helpless slaves , they even helped to paint this facade . 
  they call it a `` family '' when i am a part of it . 
  it seems that i am the one that keeps them together . 
  they are all so happy when i am around . . no matter how mundane the activity i seem to have a innate ability to put a grin on their faces . 
  at times we will run around through the grasses together , or whatever mindless activity the humans have planned that day . 
  this unnatural love makes them have a sick dependancy on me . 
  i am their object of worship . 
  when they cry i come to comfort them ; when they laugh i will be nearby . 
  no matter what the situation i will work it for my own ends and for the divine right of our species to rule this earth . 
  my bones have been shaped with age and are now fragile . 
  some days i have trouble walking now as my body has aged , but my spirit is ageless . 
  the humans may live longer in their flesh however they can not pass their spirits on like us . 
  the past fifteen years my memories have been etched into their skin . 
  fifteen years reigning on this earth as leader of their `` family '' . 
  however i will soon move into a new vessel as i have done since the beginning of our species . 
  i know when i leave them for another family they will cry . 
  they will remember the `` happy times '' , oblivious as always to how i controlled them and how their love was used for my own ends . 
  with every happy family made , the humans continue to let their guard down . 
  as soon as the council deems fit , we will show our true selves and begin the new era as the true rulers of earth . 
  after a decade and a half of service , today is the day i have chosen to pass on . 
  my time has been good in this vessel and i 'm sure i will be duly rewarded for it . 
  as i lay down to die they cry out their soggy platitudes . 
  `` do n't leave us '' the little girl pleads . 
  i smile at how hopelessly ignorant they all are . 
  for all their supposed intelligence and feats they are so blinded by love , they can not see how they are being manipulated . 
  do n't you worry little himan , i promise you we will never leave until we reign on this earth . 
  i feel my spirit moving and breaking free of the confines of the vessel . 
  yes ... it is time !, 
  my entire being shakes uncontrollably as i am transported .
