  the more people that buy it the better, 
  maybe that 's where avira comes from ? 
  not in new zealand yet, 
  hmm this will be tough . 
  these will be my ten favourites but in no particular order, 
  1 - legend of zelda twilight princess ( gamecube versiion ) - i know a lot of people played the wii version of the game ( myself included ) but the controls really pale compared to the platform it was designed for . 
  i know this is n't the best loved zelda title but i thought it was fantastic . 
  the character design of link and the world of hyrule were just incredible . 
  my first zelda was wind waker and so graphically i find it a bit hard relating to the ` wonder ' people had when playing oot for the first time , but swimming in lake hylia , fighting through the dungeons , the story and the characters were all memorable , and the items were well done as well . 
  there are very few games i like stylistically as much as twilight princess . 
  2 - crash bandicoot - my first ever console game , and aside from some crappy dos games my first ever video game . 
  the graphics when i got this in 1998 blew my 5 year old self away . 
  they actually still hold up pretty well today . 
  although i prefer 3 to it gameplay wise , level design wise 1 is hard to beat . 
  road to nowhere , boulder/ruin levels all were fantastic . 
  3 - assassins creed 2 - i am a bit of a history buff and although the entire plotline is pseudohistoric bullshit , it 's fun pseudohistoric bullshit . 
  to be fair they do have real historical info on all of the places you visit , and is probably one of the few ways you 'll be able to educate teenagers in italian history . 
  this was the first game of the series i played and consequently ruined all attempts of enjoying 1 when i tried to play it . 
  the gameplay is absolutely stellar . 
  being able to leap from huge heights and slit the throat of your unfortunate victim was tons of fun . 
  the music , story and the gameplay all kept you very much engaged . 
  4 - super smash bros melee/crash team racing - i would probably include crash bash along with this for multiplayer party fun . 
  entertained me and friends for hours . 
  i threw in crash team racing simply because when adding these two games as a package it 's multiplayer heaven . 
  perhaps cod4 could feature as well , but ctr makes racing fun . 
  nobody i 've ever met has disliked the game . 
  it 's simple to play , incredibly fun and has plenty of tracks to keep you entertained . 
  having it on my psp kept me glued to the screed on the go . 
  5 - just cause 2 - this is the sandbox to end all sandboxes . 
  i love the gta games but this takes it to another level . 
  probably the game i 've put the most hours into . 
  played it on pc with a 360 controller and then i discovered the mods . 
  having all the guns + vehicles anywhere , anytime was incredible . 
  hookshotting onto a moving military jeep that crashes through the airport and then leaping mid air to hookshot onto a plane , hijacking it and then flying it into a busy building , firing rockets down below and then parachuting them watching the carnage was a testorone overload . 
  this game goes beyond what michael bay could have ever dreamed about , and with mods it is probably the funnest game i 've ever played . 
  6 - spyro 2/ape escape - i 'm really trying to cram stuff into this list but both of these were just stellar platformers . 
  i said spyro 2 because i still believe it to be my favourite in the series . 
  the hub worlds were more extensive than any other and fun to explore in their own right , and the whole ` portal ' feature was very cool . 
  i also played this before spyro 1 + 3 so it got the rose tinted glasses treatment first , but all games in the ps1 series were fantastic . 
  ape escape is another exceptional platformer . 
  when i played this when i was a kid and the whole time travel aspect going through different historical periods actually got me interested in history . 
  the analogue control scheme had never been mandatory before but worked really well and it was just an all round fun platformer . 
  the ps1 had some seriously great platform games though . 
  bugs bunny lost in time and tombi would both have been equally deserving . 
  7 - kingdom hearts 1/2 - i 'll lump these both together . 
  i am unashamedly a kingdom hearts fanboy . 
  yes i do think the plot now is absurd , yes i am disgusted by the fans that do shitty cosplay and write awful fan fiction but i 'll never forget being absolutely enchanted by the first time i played them . 
  the story involving exploring other worlds , the power of friendship and holding to what is true is all the stuff of fairytales and the game plays just like one . 
  the music i think contributes a lot in the game . 
  there are very few other games that have as good a soundtrack - final fantasy 10 and chrono cross come close , but dearly beloved , hikari and passion orchestral versions , lazy afternoons , xions theme are all brilliant pieces of music . 
  that and the voice work is very well done . 
  this was the first action rpg i played and consequently the first game with a significant story . 
  since i had avoided rpgs i had n't really experienced much story wise , but this game really captured my 12 year old imagination and made me a fan for life . 
  8 - the longest journey - i 'm not usually a point and click guy , amerzone and grim fandango being some of the other few i 've played and enjoyed but the longest journey is something else entirely . 
  when the gameplay is simplistic its the story you turn to for details . 
  everything was voice acted ( and voice acted very well ) and there was a ton of dialog packed into it ( shipped on like 6 cds when it came out ) . 
  the whole concept of two radically different worlds and an ordinary girl destined to be a heroine is engaging , and the artwork is really beautiful . 
  the settings and the story really make this game a must play . 
  9 - pokemon blue - my first pokemon game that began an addiction up until emerald . 
  blue , crystal and emerald are all equally fantastic games , but blue makes it because its the original . 
  the first 150 , the first time you fought team rocket , the first time your pokemon evolved - this was a game of incredible experiences and the exploration aspect really excited kids like me . 
  there 's not much needed to justify pokemon , i 'm sure you 've all played it and understand why . 
  10 - jak and daxter - if i had to choose one i would probably choose the first . 
  the other two games in the series are fun but in a different way . 
  i love a good platformer and jak and daxter is colourful , fun and exciting . 
  honorable mentions to jazz jackrabbit 2 , far cry 2 , legend of zelda the wind waker , cod 4 , halo 3 , burnout 3 , command and conquer tiberian sun , sim city 3000 , tekken 3 , team fortress 2 , risen , mario rpg , super mario galaxy ... 
  ten games is really too few, 
  i 've heard good things about risen 2 , which is an open world pirate game . 
  strong then kill , strong then kill , atheist scum , atheist scum !!, 
  but he 's a ` sweet heart ' that acts like a douche all the time . 
  mind tricks maaan !, 
  yes !, 
  we need to wage war against the stupid sky fundies . 
  whenever i talk about burning churches down , even on r/atheism my fellow ~ ~ atheists ~ ~ cowards do n't even want to do it . 
  ca n't you see you 're breeding hatred and intolerance !, 
  he 's a sweetheart guys !, 
  it 's only his shell of logic and ~ ~ superiority ~ ~ ~ ~ insecurity ~ ~ reason that blinds people from this . 
  did i mention he has a gigantic cock as well ? 
  it 's not ` wrong ' it 's just annoying . 
  your novelty account is n't even funny , you 're just repeating the same tired crap on every post . 
  perhaps the rpgs with all the content , but mostvof the platformers look fine . 
  crash , spyro , ape escape still look good . 
  i think it was the n64 that aged worse, 
  i 'm actually surprised that people had a terrible experience with parisians . 
  i was in paris for 5 days last month and i 'd heard all the stereotypes : the french are rude , arrogant , xenophobic etc but my experience of parisians was completely different . 
  they were some of the most genuinely nice people i 'd ever met . 
  obviously the staff at the hotel/restaurants/cab drivers were all friendly , but whenever i asked people for directions they were kind and helpful . 
  many parisians also spoke english as well so that was an added bonus . 
  i will add that i speak an average amount of french having studied it in high school for 3 years , but i 'm hardly fluent in it and this was only the second time i 'd been in a french speaking country . 
  i 'd definitely recommend going if you have a chance, 
  tl : dr loved paris , found french people to be very nice, 
  i dunno i think that n64 titles tended to be blockier and generally less attractive now and that the ps1 graphics look smoother . 
  i will agree that the early ps1 titles were pretty bad looking but the games that came out later in the consoles life ( mgs , gt2 , ff9 , spyro 3 ) have aged very well . 
  yes !, 
  you can yell discrimination all you want but if he regularly has anal with multiple partners there is a chance he has hiv and could make a sick person a whole lot sicker . 
  my mum is a property lawyer and has said that ami has been the best for eqc dealings . 
  a lot of the smaller companies were screwing people over . 
  irish pubs are actually quite big over here you 'll be relieved . 
  there 's always an o'learys or mickey'o ` rourkes in the cities . 
  the bravery has no bounds !,
