  seriously ? 
  shut the hell up . 
  yes shun me . 
  shun all of us but that wo n't help you , because atheism is winning . 
  i will be replaced by younger , smarter , faster and more capable atheists . 
  smoother talkers , stronger debaters , more popular organizers , craftier politicians , better role models . 
  soon you 'll be wishing you only had potty-mouthed old me to deal with . 
  atheists are going to eat your ass for lunch . 
  i 'm getting out of their way to give them room to wipe the floor with you . 
  are n't you missing weed , science and hot pussy ? 
  i 'll give it a -1000,00000,0000,0000 based on the scientifically verified number of people murdered by it . 
  i for one , do n't really want to make it a thing . 
  / r/conspiracy should know about this, 
  i hate reddit 's brand of slacktivism because they always over-exaggerate the importance of any cause . 
  it 's always black and white thinking , there 's never any consideration of the other side once they 've decided the stance they 're taking . 
  this is n't just for net neturality which i do think is a good thing , but any issue they support for a week they jerk themselves into a frenzy and then forget about it , claiming they 've done something . 
  i 'm from new zealand as well and am also planning to move to hong kong within the next few years . 
  hong kongers are some of the nicest people i 've ever met and certainly have nothing against almost any foreigners , particularly white westerners . 
  there is a big conflict however between locals and mainland chinese as they opened the visitor numbers up after the sars crisis . 
  the recent news of `` piss gate '' with mainlanders peeing in the streets is n't helping ease tension between the two groups . 
  compared to auckland or christchurch ( in fact compared to anywhere ) the public transport system is incredibly efficient . 
  everywhere is lit up and you can walk in central at 3 am and still feel safe . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a great time and i ca n't wait to move myself . 
  agreed . 
  and if his theory is true then why are n't hong kongers throwing themselves on the rich mainlanders ? 
  there 's open dislike wealthy mainland chinese shopping at fashion stores in tsim tsa tsui . 
  it is . 
  in india and east asia sales of skin whitening cream are huge , in an effort to look more white . 
  also in east asia the women have surgery to reshape their eyes to look more `` western . '', 
  it 's quite sad how beauty standards are driven so much by the west . 
  it 's a shame that thatcher never truly defended the interests of hong kong citizens either in the 80s . 
  i 'd say most american 's could probably name thatcher , blair and churchill . 
  when did the us government ever support the ira ? 
  you can blame the irish american 's all you want but they never represented america 's actual political position . 
  i think it 's partly due to the prominence of western companies advertising , but i do n't disagree that it 's the local population that is the one voluntarily embracing the trend . 
  how was winston churchill a fascist ? 
  i do n't believe lebensraum applied to poland . 
  austria certainly and part of czechoslovakia as well , but not poland . 
  is n't this the queensland government 's decision rather than abbots ? 
  i believe it was to simply expand german territory but the false pretense was that poland attacked the german 's first so germany had to retalliate . 
  lebensraum was about expanding german territory but more specifically it was to unite german speaking peoples . 
  austria + the sudetenland region of czechoslovakia were annexed under that pretense , but he shortly after took all of czechoslovakia , even the non german speaking parts . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're referring to about the east , i do n't think the policy depended on any particular direction . 
  i 'm going from what i studied in high school so forgive me if there are any mistakes . 
  i thought that with that date , it was more about how post handover the administration have `` chopped away '' the heritage of hong kong . 
  if i was to establish a self employed web design business in hong kong , would i qualify for the investment visa ? 
  is there a minimum financial investment required for obtaining this visa ? 
  once hong kong is harmonized in a wave of urine , then they will understand the true power of the mainland . 
  agreed . 
  despite the disagreements and issues we may have , this is one of the best religious communities online . 
  i thank god that we have a forum as good as this . 
  this reads straight from circlejerk . 
  it 's not even vague anymore , this is the equivalent of indecent public exposure by a crowd of neckbeards mutually masturbating , crying out `` oppression !, 
  maybe it could get some sort of complainpire award . 
  there 's racist , and then there 's racist with total lack of self awareness . 
  so unless i was hiring several locals it would be unlikely that i could gain an investment visa , even if i had the proposed business plans ? 
  wow . 
  this is powerful . 
  allow me the luxury of fawning over you op since you 've also read plato 's analogy of the cave . 
  i did n't think there were any others of us out here . 
  high five !, 
  i also lost my ~ ~ faith ~ ~ brainwashing ftfy due to the god delusion . 
  i 've thought of perhaps buying copies and distributing them to my neighbours , but as i live in a conservative town i would probably be killed by an angry mob :(, 
  anyways i just want you to know i upvoted your comment , not only because it affirmed what i already knew , but because it shows the power of dawkins work and this community . 
  they can criticize us for our memes all they want , but we need more hate towards brainwashed zombies believing in their sky wizard . 
  i 'm glad we have a safe space to vent about this . 
  good luck op and sciencespeed on your journey . 
  remember it 's not the age that makes the atheist . 
  i 'm 15 and a half this year and i 've learnt so much about science and logic in the last six months , i feel like a whole new person !, 
  http://www.bookdepository.co.uk/ - free shipping worldwide + cheaper prices than western book shops . 
  never . 
  this sub is a shithole . 
  cupcake is a shill for big circlejerk, 
  people * always * get them confused . 
  caught red handed with the fundies jij . 
  how are you going to deny the truth now !, 
  you 're a fundie shill and everyone knows it , now you 've been caught in the pockets of big religion . 
  this is the internet . 
  there will always be people hostile but the problem is you 're defining your faith around this issue , when in reality it 's a minor one . 
  i do n't think people should be berated in a christian forum for believing in yec ( even though i strongly disagree with it ) but you ca n't expect to leave when someone disagrees with you . 
  that makes an echo chamber and not a place conducive to good discussion . 
  the, 
  that 's disgusting . 
  frankie boyle is a `` edgy '' scottish wanker who 'd suck david cameron off if it gave him a moment in the spotlight . 
  hi christopher . 
  big fan here who ca n't wait to get home an listen to his preorder . 
  when will you make it to new zealand or australia ? 
  i 'd love to see you conducting live . 
  google has offices in nz , australia and tons of other countries in asia like hong kong . 
  they 're in just about every major country around the world . 
  [ 2 timothy 2:13 net ], 
  can 14 year olds really be brave ? 
  bishops do have a say in the house of lords , which still does have political power . 
  [ this one actually made me laugh ] ( / ooc ), 
  most console ports on pc terribly on a keyboard and mouse . 
  if you want to play sandbox/action adventure games like assasin 's creed on pc without a `` toddler 's playtoy '' the control scheme is awful . 
  not to mention driving games ... 
  the bible ripped off star wars . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  he died and rose again as / u/jamator01 so we could have memes,
