  there 's no way they should be marrying without letting the parents meet the guy . 
  why yes i have watched citizen kane . 
  i did n't like it but i 'll pretend i did my university thesis on it . 
  it 's a christian song called ` our god is an awesome god ', 
  haha good on the atheist power migrant obama . 
  sheeple try to rule them but they bandicoot the ocean walk . 
  f ** d ^ ( 0p $ !, 
  a kindle can be very useful for this purpose . 
  it comes with a built in dictionary so whenever you come across a word you do n't know , move your cursor over to it ( takes about 5 seconds ) and a dictionary definition will pop up at the top of the screen . 
  you can also save them to refer to later . 
  i 've really improved my vocabulary this way . 
  brace yourselves , the fundies are coming !, 
  shipped is sold to retailers . 
  unless the retailers sell them back , samsung have made a whole lot of money . 
  it 's true , who would n't want good to come out of the bad . 
  this is what we believe as christians . 
  however sometimes even if things are true , timing and context matter . 
  if i saw someone struggling hiking up a mountain i would n't blurt out `` pathetic . 
  the jews had it worse than you , why are you struggling ? '', 
  it may be true but it shows no empathy , something christ taught us to do . 
  are you guys getting the message now ? 
  it 's just as bad as facebooks - nobody wants it . 
  do n't forget penny arcade !!, 
  it is my mighty tool to preach the evil of the great ea, 
  fuk dat , punch a pregnnt christian . 
  kill the theistusts haha, 
  no but it 's stupid to think that atheist ads running in largely christian states are going to go down well . 
  i think they would find adds with big text like ` hindu ' or ` islam ' just as offensive . 
  would we offer a church to be used as a mosque ? 
  notch is ~ ~ god ~ ~ the immortal light bearer of science . 
  ftfy, 
  he is the one chosen to end the friend zone and deserves all of our upvotes . 
  ron paul 2012 !, 
  galaxy note has it by default, 
  you did spell it wrong . 
  like the lady from dibley on the telly , but doing it for a living . 
  i 'm so tired of the bullshit ` we are born atheist ' mantra . 
  guess what , we are born not believing in gravity as well , we are born believing nothing . 
  our brains are n't developed enough to actually decide whether we believe something or not . 
  you need to make a decision in order to believe something otherwise it 's not a belief , it 's just an absense of knowledge . 
  tl ; dr there 's a difference between not believing in god ( atheism ) and not knowing about god ( babieism ? ), 
  they do n't , and i was n't disputing that at all . 
  however beliefs require a decision or choice to believe or not to believe . 
  atheism is a belief that there are no gods and so therefore requires a decision , something babies are incapable of doing . 
  a person.who does not.believe in the existence of gods is essentially the same meaning as the belief that there are no gods . 
  they are just the negative and positiveversions of the sme thing . 
  e.g theism is the belief in god or gods and is also thd lack of belief that there are no gods . 
  lol relevant username amirite !, 
  i looked in my neckbeard and did n't see god but god is meant to be everywhere . 
  checkmate theists . 
  feel the logic fundies !, 
  not true at all . 
  orthodox christianity has been adopted as a religion of national identity ever since it was started to be pushed in the 90s . 
  most russians would probably identify as orthodox now since it 's essentially akin to being ` russian ' ( even if they barely attend church ), 
  ah thank you i did n't know the number was that high . 
  i assume its in the far eastern part near xinjiang where the muslim populations the highest . 
  people outside nz know about that ? 
  they will kill him . 
  atheists are so oppressed lynch mobs are forming outside his door right now . 
  thankfully he joined the ` super secret society of atheism ' at his college so he has a safe place to hide . 
  i have to say that i love my galaxy note . 
  it is n't for everyone and i would definitely advise using it in a store before trying it out . 
  the biggest advantage to me is the resolution - it 's essentially a mini tablet in your pocket that can make phone calls . 
  you can always browse the non mobile versions of sites , read pdfs , actually watch a movie comfortably etc. 
  i 've used an s2 before so i ca n't comment on the nexus , and the s2 is a great phone . 
  it is easier to use for texting and does n't look so ridiculous holding it up to your head . 
  however watching video on it seems average since switching to the note and the other media functions just are n't so good ( still need mobile sites ) . 
  if you do n't already have a tablet i would highly advise getting a note , but if you use your smartphone more for calling rather than media/work functions then the s2 is pretty fantastic . 
  i 'm a big samsung fan and have heard great things about the nexus except for no removable media ( have a 64gb micro sd in my note giving it 70 gb + storage ), 
  now now , some people still have n't tried the note yet . 
  but who is there to checkmate ? 
  three neckbeards is an irrefutable sign of logic and therefore the brave ~ ~ soul ~ ~ ~ ~ person ~ ~ ~ ~ homo sapien ~ ~ scientist must be an atheist . 
  i was there cheering the neckbeard . 
  ama, 
  chance is n't to blame do n't you see ? 
  chance is n't something i can attack or berate . 
  chance is n't something that people believe is bad , or that i can take cheap pot shots at on the internet . 
  no ... it `` s the fucking fundies who need to pay !, 
  dae pirate the blu-ray release ? 
  sydenham bakery satay chicken is pretty damn good . 
  so outspoken homosexual pro gay rights politicians are secretly straight ? 
  ( i guess you do n't have them in the us though right ? ), 
  so kids come from all over the country to hear about gay rights ( some even from christian schools ) and are told that verses in the bible are `` bullshit '' ( even if you agree they are there are much better ways of phrasing it especially at a youth convention ) and calls the people who leave due to being understandably offended `` pansy asses '' is no way to do public speaking . 
  when your entire movement is about acceptance , ridiculing people for what they believe and calling them names is just about the worse thing you can do . 
  sorry how were the kids ` bashing the gays ' by listening to a gay rights speaker ? 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  re-education camps ? 
  is that really what you want ? 
  it 's odd but for my galaxy note i need to have the headphones plugged in to use the fm radio ( even when playing through the speaker ) as i think that functions as the aerial . 
  if the latest , priciest phones do n't even have proper receiver support then it does n't bode well for having a transmitter . 
  you can get external ones though right ? 
  i had one for my old ipod and used it in the car on road trips . 
  good luck converting the entire business worlds computer system to open source . 
  they will fight tooth and nail to continue pc market dominance , and they do make amazing os 's ( 7 at least ) . 
  believe me i agree . 
  i was looking at the nexus but it really was a deal breaker . 
  i 'm very happy with my galaxy note + 64gb micro sd !, 
  just over 70gb of space when you account for formatting . 
  so 30gb music , 10 gb apps , 10 gb video , 10 gb photos , 10 gb extra storage or whatever combination you like !, 
  if i was stuck with the 16gb internal that it came with , then i would n't have even bought it .
