  we should christen it elizibethia to make it more relevant . 
  detroit becomes the islamic state of abandoned auto factories ( isaaf ), 
  russsia still can not into beatings china in disputed territories though . 
  turkey already has many practicings . 
  is of turkeysex, 
  ha , roc still claim all of china so have a huge albeit stupid disputed territory . 
  i was meaning prc though with their ridiculous claims all across the south china sea . 
  this is just not true . 
  there are some greet open source alternatives but the adobe suite and microsoft office still have no real rival . 
  well you both get just about as much rain . 
  some of the greenest fields i 've ever seen were driving round somerset though . 
  i 'm a proud anglophile myself but there definitely have to be restrictions if a system like this was introduced . 
  limiting it to those with a university qualification of some sort or family with uk citizenship is a start but there 's a lot of concerns , especially the uk having the highest population out of all countries in the scheme . 
  one distinction is that they 're not commonwealth realms but are republics and do n't recognize the queen as head of state . 
  the note phones are not thick . 
  my original note is far thinner than an s2 or 3 . 
  thats not true . 
  average house price in major cities in nz starts about 250k sterling . 
  i spoke to a local restaurant owner in macau and asked them whether they preferred life under colonial rule or now . 
  they said the portugese hardly developed the place whereas with all the chinese investment it was now thriving . 
  the british put a lot into hong kong but the portugese didnt put a lot into macau , thats the main difference . 
  it 's terrible like most `` christian '' films and most of us on / r/christianity do our best to distance ourselves from it . 
  if you want to watch a film that actually relfects reality i 'd suggest blue like jazz , it goes through the struggles and temptations of the college experience and reconciling them with your faith . 
  not to mention the acting is n't completely ham fisted . 
  get a good antivirus that scans usb drives before allowing them to be used . 
  eset nod32 is very good , i 'm not sure if avast and the other free ones have that setting . 
  thank you op !, 
  i was looking through preferences and everything else , i do n't know why they did n't just keep it as it was . 
  get a ethernet adapter , it 's a much easier solution . 
  that was far from being just about classism . 
  thanks for the instructions but i was on mobile . 
  the chch subreddit is barely active , hanmer is even more of a niche . 
  forgive them father , for they do not know what they are saying . 
  socialist kingdom of kowloon twice removed is of true china !, 
  do they say bunga bunga instead of cuckoo ? 
  we need to of gettings along . 
  more like chow amirite ? 
  you enchant me lah, 
  what is the chance of someone being able to compile a saturn iso from this eventually ? 
  best i 've ever seen was the display at the disneyland 50th anniversary show . 
  it 's amazing some of the shapes they can create . 
  i upgraded and much prefer the three . 
  the screen size actually makes it usable as a laptop and it 's lighter so it 's better as a tablet as well . 
  battery life is poorer than i hoped . 
  for heavyish useage i find you get four hours out of it . 
  for light useage on say just word you would probably get 6 or 7 hours . 
  the on screen keyboard is ok . 
  i wish they had custom keyboards too but i think it will probably stay the same, 
  the scaling is fine at default scaling size and max resolution . 
  however it 's better to change the font settings for title bars and menus to make them bigger . 
  most feature rich programs require a couple tweaks e.g i upped the default font size on evernote . 
  photoshop cc is good at 200 % display mode in experimental features, 
  i have an android phone but do n't use google apps all that much . 
  it 's very poor selection of google apps on surface though , you might have to look at using bluestacks to turn it into an android tablet . 
  also chrome does n't work well on the surface display , firefox and metro ie are what i use . 
  that said there are some decent apps in the store . 
  all the major ones are there and if not there are replacements e.g hyper for youtube , spotlite for spotify . 
  drawboard pdf , book bazaar , sketchbook express , cover and hyper are the best apps imo . 
  the marketplace has all the major apps, 
  you have a very different experience of battery life than i do . 
  did you have wifi turned off most of the time ? 
  same here . 
  it was a good film but i 'd put it on par with laputa or totoro , neither of which are in my top 5 . 
  i got a nice fake wallet of theirs in hong kong . 
  my favourites are still the `` ipone '' headphones though . 
  with a glaswegian accent, 
  well a fundie king but close enough . 
  do n't let the history books fool you , he only pretended to be kkkatholic in order to bring about an atheist utopia . 
  rome did n't really `` lose '' , there was no grand battle that destroyed the western roman empire . 
  it only really fell into decay through masses of barbarian immigration , poor leadership and the seat of power moving to the eastern empire in constantinople . 
  but what exactly did they lose , their existence , their empire ? 
  it 's just such a vague term i 'm not really sure what you were getting at . 
  who is the `` winner '' today ? 
  yes but he did actually attempt democratic reforms while he was governor, 
  yeah it would turn out terribly . 
  try converting traditional chinese into english on google translate and you 'll see what i mean . 
  there 's a reason translation services still exist , maybe in 50 years that wo n't be the case . 
  ah i did n't know it was that easy . 
  he 's translating from english ( presumably ) already to either traditional or simplified though , so my point still stands . 
  not to mention the taiping rebelion having a christian influenced cult in the centre of it . 
  agreed . 
  while his point about the numbers being overinflated by christian sources is probably true , he could n't show his biases more if he was wearing them on his sleeve . 
  that 's just because you 're one of * those people * . 
  i 'm not blaming jesus , i 'm just saying that hong xiuquan was influenced by his teachings . 
  i ca n't imagine ever getting serious work done on an exercise ball, 
  no , it 's too much of a hassle to replace my desk . 
  i have heard good things about them , but i just want a chair . 
  i never thought the dialogue was bad in to the moon . 
  i agree the gameplay like the horse riding sequence sometimes felt forced , but i thought the story and dialogue were excellent . 
  this is the age of aquarius !!!, 
  can you please explain how the bible verse is prophetic of the american economy collapsing ? 
  it had the best maps out of all cods . 
  i loved the duels between buildings in lockdown , firing rockets and sniping between them . 
  sadly it seemed to stop being active on pc . 
  i think he was actually disputing that most of turkey was in europe , rather than istanbul itself . 
  i still think they were the most memorable , and my most played cod is the original black ops . 
  no problem , the locations in japan all looked incredible . 
  i thought it was funny that the park right by the studio inspired arrietty . 
  i 'm still a little skeptical as to whether they can maintain it , considering the recent news about the poor state of the charging stations across london . 
  i 'm sure as electric vehicle sales figures pick up they will see more usage , but at present i do n't know if they have the volume to sustain them .
