  that ps1 classics purchased will be available on psp , vita , ps3 and ps4 does lock you into the sony platform , but indicates they 're likely to continue through to the next generation as well . 
  also no in app purchases , just emulated as close to the original as possible . 
  it 's not about microsoft support , it 's about driver and program support from every developer out there . 
  after this year there 's no incentive for software devs to support xp as the corporate sector and users who have bought a computer in the past decade will have all upgraded . 
  i would n't be surprised if he they had a linguistics degree . 
  deciphering something that based takes real skill . 
  citing hong kong , a region notorious for anti mainlander protests , comparing mainland chinese tourists to locusts and calling their beijing appointed chief executive to resign for a pro ccp point is just ridiculous . 
  that 's some professional faith smashing right there . 
  [ ] ( / badge ), 
  [ i 'm surprised it was n't even in maymay form either ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheismrebooted/comments/228fxv/the_history_of_the_worlds_first_religion/ ), 
  is n't there some truth to this ? 
  i know that during the middle ages the educated classes/scribes would be the only ones who were literate and spoke latin , so that was hardly supression of the bible , just that it was provided in the language that people could read it in . 
  however in later centuries more works of literature and became available in the local european languages , were n't there efforts by the church to prevent them being published ? 
  i was reading about robert boyle the other day , and it cites on the wikipedia page that the catholic church did have a latin only bible policy , and that he privately funded an irish language version http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_boyle#theological_interests, 
  i know islam in particular views qur ` ans that are n't in arabic as not having the full truth , but i 'm not going to comment on whether or not they suppressed non arabic qur ` ans . 
  certainly i know they are n't viewed as anywhere near as legitimate as the arabic versions . 
  i agree that there was n't a great conspiracy to supress the truth ^ tm like some evangelicals like to spout but i think part of keeping the language had to do with tradition rather than genuine christian concern . 
  i think the latin only policy was outdated particularly after the advent of the printing press , when scholarly works become more widely available in the local tongue and when knowledge of latin became less useful . 
  agreed . 
  i believe he 's withdrawn his script but please take on some of the concerns noted by yc_hk . 
  you have a large viewer base cgpgrey , and it would be a good platform to show the issues facing hong kong at the moment . 
  hong kong has a distinct culture after the century of colonialism and much of it is gradually being eroded away . 
  well both in general are pretty anti catholic . 
  i 've heard it more frequently from fellow protestants though i would n't be surprised hearing it from some atheists either . 
  can you point to any authorized translations that were n't in latin from say the 1200s - 1600s ? 
  this is a bit of a moot point . 
  jeddah is regarded as the most liberal area of saudi arabia . 
  certainly no gay bars but compared to the rural areas of the country it is quite liberal . 
  i would n't buy a 2ds solely due to the screen size . 
  the 3ds xl 's screens make a huge difference to immersion , especially with playing older ds games . 
  oh fuck you and your little suburban bubble . 
  we 're incredibly fortunate to live with modern ammenities in the western world but the majority of the world 's population does n't have all the luxuries you take for granted . 
  you ca n't judge everyone by your standards . 
  this is very exploitable, 
  in the interest of proving that your feminism is , in fact , a assault on a mans rights , i 'm going to pester you for a month ( or more ) with replies to your stupid subreddit and and make you look bad . 
  there is one way for you to avoid this potentially traumatic situation : bow down to my penis as the supreme lord of all genitalia . 
  you have ten minutes to accept this offer , and an absence of response is tantamount to a false rape accusation . 
  maybe try pointing him in the right direction to some good photoshop courses online . 
  rome fell because they did n't adopt bitcoin fast enough, 
  i do n't think the four years under japanese rule were subtracted from the lease , as neither britain or china recognized japanese rule during those years as legitimate . 
  i was reading about http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_robert_osborn, 
  a while ago who sacrificed himself by jumping on an enemy grenade . 
  a movie surrounding the battle of hong kong would be interesting, 
  it was ridiculously crowded when i went . 
  the whole road from the plaza to st pauls ruins were jam packed with chinese tourists . 
  keep dreaming . 
  people tried in 1989 at look what happened . 
  i sampled a lovely one at a bakery in an arcade in truro . 
  it was a good decision to skip breakfast that day . 
  this makes a lot more sense than it just being some slacktivist gun jerk . 
  if we were an american state already this would n't be an issue, 
  because it makes the rest of us less relevant, 
  i propose we go back to the heydays of executing republicans . 
  god save the queen !, 
  `` everyone 's stupid except me '', 
  the poster was n't even disagreeing that he was a bad politician , he would n't even acknowledge he was a politician . 
  how ridiculous can you get ? 
  well they say children are our biggest assets ... 
  yes i 'm sure the future head of the kingdom that founded us would love to get rid of a flag linking us to our colonial past . 
  fuck off fundie apologist . 
  nukethepope has literally deconverted billions and billions of redditors with his psychotic rants . 
  #### banned, 
  marks and spencers are in hong kong , though i do n't know if their food selection is as good as the ones in the uk . 
  i 've never tried proper shark but the smaller sharks are often used for fish and chips in new zealand and taste just like fish . 
  what happened to the street food in temple street ? 
  i could n't find it last time i was there , just restaurants near it . 
  it 's okay friend !, 
  even if the bitcoin boat rocks , the dogecoin rocket is on a smooth trajectory towards the moon . 
  here you go , in the wrong section but a cheap buy http://www.trademe.co.nz/gaming/other-nintendo/gamecube/consoles/auction-716925463.htm, 
  pc gone maad !!, 
  \\ #cnn is \\ #racist . 
  please \\ #retweet \\ #like and \\ #share if u are n't racist, 
  i think the ussr had plenty of experience censoring its population and quelling dissent . 
  north korea copied stalins model of gulags after all . 
  i know they have a few stores on trademe where they sell their stuff . 
  as does the pawn shop . 
  i love 2degrees too . 
  i do n't know why i could n't get any data coverage on waiheke island though . 
  most mainland chinese are fine but the fact is mainland chinese have had a largely detrimental impact on the local population . 
  house prices have gone up , the city is more crowded , cantonese is becoming less used and local necessities such as baby powder are being smuggled out . 
  most mainland chinese who visit hong kong do n't even stay a day . 
  they come in from shenzhen and treat the city as their shopping mall , while expecting the locals to give them respect for contributing their new money to the economy . 
  hong kong as a territory just ca n't sustain the number coming over . 
  this is n't as much a fault with mainland tourists ( though the smugglers certainly are to blame ) as it is with the local government 's mismanagement , focusing on the needs of shoppers rather than residents . 
  you need to understand that the resentment mostly is n't due to race or cultural issues ( though these do exist ) it 's due to the objective problems that the growing millions and millions of annual mainland tourists bring . 
  i 'm sorry , i was too presumptive . 
  he does n't actually have a mortgage or necessarily a house . 
  he however does have a $ 30,000 check waiting for redit islund inc, 
  what does he base `` women are n't women anymore '' on since he seemingly has never known one . 
  the difference is niggardly is an anachronism but snigger is still commonly used . 
  it 's disgusting that hong kong never got the independence it deserved and likely never will . 
  china is partially to blame though since they removed hong kong off [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_list_of_non-self-governing_territories ), 
  i find their delusional ideas of geopolitics fascinating . 
  the mutineers want to take over pitcairn island and repeat history again . 
  i 'm not sure whether they 've quite thought the plan through given that the islands are territories of the united kingdom . 
  not to mention replacing sterling with dogecoin . 
  there 's no changing the past , i realize that . 
  i just thought it was an interesting article since i had n't even heard of weihaiwei . 
  as far as i 'm aware the rickshaws were mostly a tourist thing . 
  black gay female jewish muslim policewoman here to confirm your prejudices .
