  the most expensive house in the world is in mumbai , and it looks pretty ugly too . 
  similar style and something like twenty floors high , but beautiful on the inside . 
  sex abuse unfortunately still happens in the uk . 
  not among politicians or media figures now , but look at rotherham to see that in asian communities , it can still go unseen under the radar . 
  i 'd wage that in many smaller less thriving towns , it is still happening on quite a large scale . 
  you know , admitting you have a problem is the first step to recovery . 
  so why did nato do nothing in the 80s then ? 
  the us was allies with both argentina and the uk . 
  the only attack on `` british soil '' that will get a nato response would be mainland uk or the channel islands . 
  #### it `` s all colours and shit man , it aint black and white !!, 
  currently living in christchurch, 
  check the christchurch rebuild skillset , because carpentry may be on the list . 
  you would need to have been trained in it first , but since you 're a native english speaker , you 've got a better chance than some of the other groups coming in . 
  for tradespeople , so long as you 're working in chch , the immigration barriers are fairly low at the moment so if you want to do it , now is probably your best chance . 
  check out / r/newzealand . 
  they have a moving to nz faq that answers a lot of questions . 
  what a great bot . 
  i 'm so proud of this community , we 've come so far . 
  edit : to those downvoting . 
  maybe you should consider not stuffing your bellies instead of clicking your mouse !, 
  yes . 
  it has the best game library out of any of the console platforms at the moment . 
  i 'm sure it will be eclipsed in a few years , but for now , the wii u is hands down the best console to get . 
  but the associates !, 
  we won all the matches until the one that mattered the most . 
  hear hear, 
  just chiming in to say you would probably like goa , it 's a big tourist destination and more westernized since it was run by the portuguese for four hundred years . 
  i 've probably committed `` diet racism '' before , mostly unintentionally , but that is just beyond belief . 
  it 's not even the kind of imperialistic racism through false justification ( european culture is better etc ) , it 's unashamedly hating someone for their skin colour and for no other reason . 
  / r/australia did n't, 
  cadbury 's has n't been the same since kraft bought them . 
  the recipe used to be much nicer , and there 's been outcry over changing the formula in the creme eggs . 
  i realize that life was harder ( especially for women and non british people ) , but some things about the 1920s were quite appealing . 
  england still had a distinctive character then and the empire was still at its height . 
  it 's really a shame to have lost all that . 
  south africa and india are at least doing relatively well compared to some other countries , because they have had years of living together and never faced the levels of immigration that the eu is experiencing . 
  they 've had time to forge a national identity , though its been far more disruptive in sa 's case and there are still growing pains leftover from apartheid . 
  the biggest problem is mass immigration which is what is happening in europe now . 
  you ca n't `` cohabitate '' when the new groups not only share completely different cultural and religious values ( far more than america ever experienced ) but have n't even been here half a century , let alone hundreds of years as in sa and india . 
  do you honestly believe the holocaust was a hoax ? 
  do n't like it , leave . 
  france has provided you with everything any other citizen is entitled too . 
  funny how the native french are n't complaining at mistreatment , when they 've been given equal treatment by the government . 
  our air force is more or less exclusively transport planes now . 
  we do flights to antarctica and deliver aid round the asia pacific . 
  in terms of defensive capabilties , it 's only the army and the navy . 
  can you show me some reputable historians that are holocaust deniers ? 
  as nice as it is to buy the `` all religions are equal '' theory , it does n't really hold up . 
  just comparing the founders of the two religions reveals some obvious differences, 
  christianity : founded by a pacifist hippie preaching forgiveness and died at the hands of the romans without fighting against his charges . 
  subsequent christians were persecuted and died at the hands of the roman government , but it continued to grow throughout the empire through word of mouth and mostly peaceful means . 
  only after the religion became established as the religion of the empire , did it ever be associated with bloodsheed as it was attached to a political ideology . 
  islam : founded by a desert nomad who became a bloodthirsty warlord , destroying the idols of other religious traditions and ensuring that his religion would be spread viciously after his death . 
  islam subsequently became a political caliphate under abu bakr and the other rashidun 's who stopped at nothing to invade others lands to spread their religion . 
  when the very origin of the religion revolves around the glory of conquering others and revering the prophet who was considered a righteous warlord , there is a stark contrast between the two . 
  it 's really ridiculous how partisan that islam has become in british politics . 
  if you disagree with islam , clearly you must be some right wing loon like the edl . 
  islam is literally against every progressive ideal the left holds . 
  the issue is now far beyond a support against the disenfranchised minority , when there is a strong muslim presence in every major uk city , and the representatives of muslim organizations are calling for segregation and ideals that were n't held in even the most regressive form of christianity the country followed in the past . 
  the amount of mental gymnastics needed to support the religion from a left wing perspective is mind boggling . 
  i have no issue with it . 
  unless you 're following moral relativism , the idea that all religions and cultures are equal is clearly ridiculous . 
  christianity , judaism , buddhism , hinduism and others , yes they have their superstitions , but at least immigrants practicing these religions hold a much more moderate form of them . 
  and again , the interpretations and teachings of their holy books are much more moderate , because they 're not viewed as the unchangeable , uninterpretable word of god as in islam . 
  how hard is it to ignore when the vast majority of issues with integration are only happening within islamic culture , and only within the islamic religion ? 
  these are great ideas , but the problem is that criticizing islam has already become a taboo , and unfortunately it 's mostly in `` progressive '' circles . 
  `` islamaphobia '' drowns out any argument , once you 've got the bigot label then the public will ignore you . 
  there are some great organizations like the http://www.quilliamfoundation.org/ which are trying to do as you 're saying , but they 're losing out to the majority of the islamic community in the uk , who are unsurprisingly happy about being above criticism, 
  of course the alternative to unrestricted porn to minors is total sexual repression . 
  thanks for the insightful whataboutism . 
  that 's adorable, 
  you implied in your joke that the alternative to the liberal porn useage was teaching children to be sexually repressed . 
  i 'm sorry if i came across a little harsh , but disagreeing with the trend of lower age ranges watching pornography ( when it is illegal to watch it at that age ) does n't make one some puritannical prude . 
  ireland certainly should have no obligation to take them , but many syrian refugees are christian though and peaceful people . 
  i agree that we do n't want any of the `` fighters '' who fought against assad , but with syria they 're from all muslim and the conditions in their homeland are terrible . 
  the problem is weeding out those extremists , but if a small number were taken and forced to go through rigorous screening at asylum centers , then the extremists would hopefully be discovered . 
  i still believe for moral reasons , western countries should take a small quota . 
  agree , this is disgusting . 
  he 's bragging about his group taking over the city . 
  they say leather is actually very nutritious . 
  you should be thankful you 're getting your essential nutrients . 
  photoshop runs pretty averagely on my sp3 . 
  i doubt you would want to use it on this . 
  crime is pretty bad in some brazilian cities , but so long as you have your wits about you and are n't being ostentatious , it 's unlikely you 'll be affected . 
  and yet it still has major territorial disputes with japan , vietnam , the phillippines , brunei and malaysia over the spratly islands and the senkaku 's . 
  as long as they continue to act aggressively on these issues , china is n't going to be making easy allies with the number of nations it has territorial disputes with . 
  sounds very unlikely . 
  brazil might be socialist , but they 're not communist . 
  i did n't think the relations between cuba or venezuela were that amicable . 
  venezuela is really closely entwined with the cubans now though . 
  i 'm pro same sex marriage but against abortion unless there are exceptional circumstances . 
  the irish public still values the sacredness of human life . 
  so sorry for the terrible offense of holding a different opinion to you . 
  i would have thought the roads in invercargill were wide enough to dodge any collision . 
  invercargill is still the easiest city i 've ever drove in , but that might be why the drivers are so terrible . 
  bet he speaks right awful england, 
  no wonder they do n't bother when your os has virtually zero marketshare . 
  i 'm sure they 'll be devastated to lose their only linux customer ... 
  i 'm interested in your perspective as a copt . 
  have things improved for you since sisi took power or are things still as bad as they were under mubarak and morsi ?
