  to gain the benefits of joining the commonwealth , positions would be extended to various countries worldwide providing they recognize her majesty as the head of state and all other political and economic preconditions . 
  make the commonwealth significant , important and desirable and therefore increase the significance of the uk . 
  * i would make britain leave the eu but join the schengen area as norway does , as well as ensuring trade agreements are signed with the eu . 
  norway currently has to subscribe to eu trade regulations as does america and any other country wanting to do business with the eu . 
  that way britain retains the greatest benefit of the eu without being subject to its laws and retains its sovereignty . 
  some immigration controls would have to be worked out though . 
  * i would offer benefits to british farmers and british industry . 
  strengthen inter commonwealth trade ties to depend less on china and creating a greater commonwealth trade market : particularly among emerging markets such as india , sri lanka , south africa and malaysia as well as major members like australia and canada . 
  less developed commonwealth members particularly african states would see huge financial benefits and trade deals , improving the lives of their citizens . 
  i would invest in high quality and sustainable industry in the north again such as premium brand clothing and foodstuffs . 
  make the country more self sustainable and strengthen commonwealth ties through trade . 
  * with the industrialization of the north , i would also invest more in manchester , birmingham , leeds , liverpool and every other major city that is n't london . 
  offer incentives for businesses to move out of the capital through these investments . 
  create fast train links similar to in china and japan between major british cities , reducing the commute time between major centres . 
  an ultra fast train line starting in london and going all the way up to edinburgh with others branching off it . 
  london to edinburgh in 3 hours by train !, 
  beijing to shandong is the same distance ( 430km ) and it takes 3 hours by fast train . 
  look at developing an underground in edinburgh and birmingham . 
  with improved transport links we can make a truly united kingdom . 
  * i would improve britain 's standing internationally . 
  i would ensure the uk had the largest military within europe and the second largest military force within nato . 
  i would conduct joint military exercises with india , singapore , australia and canada to strengthen commonwealth defense ties . 
  i would improve britains diplomatic stature in the world , and take a hard line particularly on russia and china . 
  i would intervene diplomatically over china breaching the joint declaration over hong kong , reducing trade with them and would pressure the international community to allow fair elections within the territory as was promised under a un ratified treaty . 
  i would also heavily sanction russia over ukraine and freeze assets of russian citizens in london . 
  ensure that our threats are not without actions and we will gain respect in the world . 
  * i would legalize gay marriage but offer exemption for any church including the church of england for performing gay weddings . 
  * i would take a hard line over hate speech , particularly in the islamic community . 
  anyone found with material found hateful to sexes , races or religious minorities would be fined and if a repeat offender would potentially face a jail sentence . 
  anyone suspected of terrorist activities would be detained , given a fair trial and if found guilty be deported or lose their citizenship . 
  anyone fighting a `` jihad '' will be stripped of their citizenship . 
  i would appoint police officers of the same ethnic background to investigate muslim schools and mosques . 
  those found with incriminating materials will be shut down . 
  * for new immigrants i would ensure they meet a sufficient level of english proficiency before they enter the country . 
  those admitted on humanitarian grounds ( and all immigrants except those sufficiently skilled ) would follow an assimiliation program and be assigned case workers that introduce them to british culture and regularly check up on them . 
  upon leaving the eu i would clamp down on any newfound illegal immigrants , ensuring only skilled labour or those on commonwealth visas would be allowed within the uk . 
  * i would also offer greater autonomy to wales and northern ireland and scotland . 
  i would introduce special pound notes for wales , northern island and possibly the channel islands and isle of man as scotland has but ensure they are recognized in all corners of the country . 
  i would ensure the treasury evenly distributed them throughout all banks in the country to minimize chance of forgery . 
  * finally and most importantly , i would badmouth france at press conferences and tut at their president over a cup of tea for no particular reason . 
  the difference is the uk has a long history and a ratified treaty with hong kong that both parties signed to be valid for fifty years . 
  the same ca n't be said for tibet , we simply have greater obligations to hong kong . 
  with the dalai lama incident i agree that it was a unpopular move , but i would like to see britain pursue a more assertive diplomatic role in the world as it once did in the past . 
  regardless of whatever stance we have on tibet , the uk needs to be less dependent on china and other nations . 
  we should n't have to apologize , backpedal or bow to their whims for taking a moral stand . 
  i did n't see playstation 3 and thought kingdom hearts 2.5 was coming to vita :(, 
  give me flair or give me death !, 
  the uu '' '' '' '' '' '' `` church '' '' '' '' '' '', 
  you 're not going to change their minds if you keep characterizing them as having hearts of stone . 
  there are some anti theists that have an irrational hatred of religion but most just have n't been convinced by christ . 
  labelling them as cold hearted is n't going to win them to the kingdom . 
  good advice for op but that 's not always true about restaurants . 
  in a cafe sure , but most restaurants i 've been to you do get given the bill . 
  there 's a lot of george bush and oil jokes and maybe some religious ones too but people are n't hostile to america like in the middle east . 
  we lap up american media and brands just like the rest of the world . 
  agreed . 
  i would say the majority of `` pakeha '' do n't remotely care about our maori heritage one bit , but it 's definitely the politically correct thing . 
  do n't place too much weight on avoiding offending cultural sensibilities unless you go to a marae . 
  most would attribute it to ignorance rather than malice . 
  new zealand is nowhere near one of the most atheist countries in the world , especially with maori and pacific island demographics . 
  people are definitely apathetic about religion though . 
  ** fundies worship a genocidal maniac . 
  they are literally worse than serial killers , please upvote for awareness . 
  i 'm impressed that you managed to pull off anyone outside the greens . 
  were your father or family ever oppressed for practicing islam ? 
  i know very little of the soviet involvement in central asia so i 'd be interested to hear your response . 
  yeah with 128gig micro sds this is less of an issue . 
  mine lasted a long long time but i think the hard drive died . 
  definitely a great product though , the click wheel was iconic . 
  i doubt charles will have too long on the throne at this rate . 
  he wo n't have anywhere near long enough for the republican movement to garner large support , unless he `` fucks up royally '' as the phrase goes . 
  to be fair , he is right about the relative lack of traditional banking in much of africa . 
  loading credits onto cellphones and transferring payments that way is far more common than bank branches or online banking as we have in the west . 
  with the financial landscape being so different it is possible that bitcoin could gain some popularity ,, 
  however they do have an existing banking system just a less traditional one so it 's not all that likely . 
  even somalia which is possibly the least stable country on earth has a functional mobile network http://online.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052748704608104575220570113266984, 
  `` the magic beans phenomenon !! '', 
  drug trading is akin to pure truth . 
  and truth always comes at a very high cost to those who do not embrace it . 
  that is why some people get very emotional and upset . 
  the first sentence is so absurd you can mention anything and the rest of it will still follow . 
  i feel this is reductionism to a misleading level . 
  while what you say is technically true , i think it 's irrelevant . 
  because truthfully , the interest in atheist memes does n't stem from its materials ( top text and bottom text ) but its potential - communication , content consumption/creation etc. 
  describing an atheist meme as top text and bottom text is equal to describing the mona lisa as paint and canvas . 
  and while both of these descriptions are technically true , i think you 'd agree they 're both technically inept -- as they fail to capture the true human value . 
  russia has no land bridge to kaliningrad and yet it 's still internationally recognized russian territory . 
  for defending it i agree it 's much harder but supplies can be shipped or flown in as they are to islands and enclaves without land bridges . 
  and geographically a bridge can easily be built to kerch . 
  the peninsula by crimea is incredibly close to it , even if there is already a ferry i 'm sure they can build a bridge now crimea has been annexed . 
  it certainly did , they were called `` ratline escapes '' . 
  the most notable was adolf eichmann who was captured by israel in the 60s, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ratlines_ ( world_war_ii_aftermath ) #ratline _ escapees, 
  so hitler was austrian fascism then ... 
  well men usually do die younger . 
  i think the queen will probably die within the next five years . 
  if it does occur in five years time charles will be 70 . 
  average male life expectancy in the uk is 79 , meaning he likely will get 10-15 years max . 
  william will get a far longer reign . 
  i 'm sure he 's considering it .
