  i wonder what salary their marketing managers are on ? 
  2 years later , spark rebrands itself to : catshit !, 
  came here to sue this . 
  i 'm voting for russel craig 's conservative green party . 
  is there a / r/icelandcirclejerk yet ? 
  if not you should probably start it or have it redirect to your username . 
  pm me if you need any help . 
  the best thing to do is buy a secondhand ps3 that is firmware 3.55 or below . 
  otherwise you need to flash it , which you 'll probably have to pay someone to do . 
  if you have one with the lower firmware it 's just softmodding like on the wii . 
  i 'm hoping you are a troll but if you sincerely follow wahabbi islam please talk to any islamic scholar or historian of religion about just how wrong this is . 
  i upvoted both of you magnificent m ` ladys, 
  nice work on the downvotes . 
  we sure showed him !, 
  i ca n't speak for his lecturing ability but i did see him speak at my church last year on marketing trends in the media . 
  he was quite an entertaining speaker and i 'm not surprised he 's at least popular , regardless of how sub par his photo ops are . 
  any creative company ? 
  if it 's for a court case , ca n't the south african police use some sort of digital forensics outfit to do it ? 
  usually this sub is n't so anti semitic . 
  he 's probably from / pol / or something, 
  why would zionists try to grab korea ? 
  [ tfw you upvote le new meme nice may may man face ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gmyua9y.jpg ), 
  memecoin : the official currency of reddit gold !, 
  agreed , it 's a good app . 
  it was during a week of non stop rain last year and accuweather just forecasted cloud the whole time that i thought it was worth paying the price . 
  the air new zealand m pass app is great for domestic travel . 
  you scan it on your phone at the airport and it will print your boarding passes . 
  [ this ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nz.co.wetstone.ccckerbside ) is an amazing app if you live in christchurch . 
  it tells you what colour bins are to go out every week . 
  always accurate and gives you an alert the day before they 're collected . 
  i donated and i suggest everyone else does too . 
  they 've already received over 100k !, 
  did someone stab you with sunglasses or something ? 
  `` everything they say is hearsay '', 
  you realize with ancient history very few records survive , particularly about someone viewed as at the time an insignificant prophet in the far corner of the roman empire . 
  the only contemporary evidence we 're likely to have in that time period is reserved for the most famous people of the time , as they will be the people who have the most written about them . 
  god still does n't even real you stupid fundie . 
  go back to / r / ~ ~ bad ~ ~ religious ~ ~ history ~ ~ circlejerk, 
  it 's worth getting a secondhand 3ds xl to play ddd . 
  also if you have n't had a ds before there are tons of great games for the first system ( there 's always flash carts too if you 're tight on cash ), 
  i run classes in professional quote making if you 're interested . 
  it will be and i 'm not . 
  if more people get to play the game then the better . 
  they still need to get a ps3/2 if they want to play the older games anyways . 
  `` in this moment , i am euphoric . 
  not because of some phony heartless 's world eating , but because , i am empowered by my keyblade '' - riku degrasse fedosora, 
  possibly but i do n't think it 's likely . 
  they could have released the 1.5 and 2.5 on 360 but did n't , same with x hd . 
  they did n't release any of the older final fantasies on 360 just because the 13 trilogy was released on it either . 
  that 's why it 's reserved for professionals . 
  i live in christchurch . 
  property prices have gone up a lot here after the quake but if you like outdoors activities it is a very good city . 
  we have several beaches , especially in the banks peninsula area right by the city . 
  you can drive for an hour and half and go skiiing in winter too , which neither of the north island cities offer . 
  there are more shops and restaurants being built every week . 
  there are also several beach settlements near auckland but will cost quite a bit more . 
  auckland is a great city but the property prices and, 
  personally one of my favourite cities is neslon at the top of the south island , and you can live by the beach there ( tahunanui ) or in a beach town nearby . 
  if you 're visiting take a look at the marlborough sounds , i 'm sure you 'll love the area . 
  everybody look . 
  this is why virtually nobody takes rt as anything other than a propoganda outlet . 
  are you surprised that george bush was n't on the front lines in iraq ? 
  are you seriously implying russia is going to invade any other countries in eastern europe ? 
  what do you base your bullshit hyperbole on ? 
  anything at all ? 
  nyasma 'd here to say this, 
  thank you you beautiful scientists for upvoting a.a lewis . 
  though he may be part of the endless cosmos now , he lives on forever through his quote making . 
  so brave, 
  you can actually use the 1st gen ipad as an iphone if it 's jailbroken, 
  i think certainly the lumia 1020 and s4 zoom are equivalent to a decent point and shoot , but there 's no way you can fit a really high quality lens and sensor into a body as small as a phone . 
  what are your thoughts on tablet hybrid devices like the surface pro ? 
  do you see them gaining more popularity or just being niche devices ? 
  xpost to / r/shittylifehacks, 
  that 's a shame . 
  i was just meaning in terms of lenses for comparison . 
  i would n't be surprised if there was an improved s5 variant or some other manufacturer brings out a `` zoom '' model . 
  the qx lenses for the xperia z1 look interesting . 
  heaven ? 
  more like hea-isn ` t-real-even, 
  hey fundie why do n't you just gtfo reddit then . 
  fucking british butterflies . 
  i hate them all !!!, 
  i think we 'd contaminate him with our imperialism, 
  the winning flag looks like a silver fern on a sanitarium logo . 
  personally i like our current flag and just hope australia changes theirs instead at some point . 
  ** shove it fundies !, 
  what 's your iq level neil ? 
  it 's over 420 !!!, 
  i have edited the post, 
  one chinar , one ccp !!, 
  you sound like a national shill, 
  i 'm in awe of the courage that god has given you . 
  to go through an experience like that and still see it as a blessing . 
  i do n't think i could ever be that strong . 
  samson will be with the angels in heaven waiting for you to come home someday . 
  he will be so proud of you . 
  god bless you ghostlygirl . 
  sygic is a good offline gps , though i find a phone is never as good as a standalon unit , it 's still pretty good . 
  lololol relevant username !,
