  however i did see the . net version of the domain is for sale with a buy now of $ 280 . 
  if it takes off i 'm just going to buy the . com domain anyways , but i 'm wondering it 's worth getting the . net or just starting with a . com . 
  most people seem to either type in the name and . com extension or google it and get the top result . 
  i 'm sure other people have been in the same situation so i 'd love your opinions and advice . 
  i am wanting to join my fellow faith smashers in a chat room like the mothership has , and i find out that we do n't even have an irc channel ? 
  this is oppression plain and simple . 
  i 'm really disgusted with the mods right now , i think they might be concern troll fundies . 
  however if they set up an irc channel for us , then they would truly prove their godlessness for us to see, 
  no le irc = less faithsmashing = the fundies winning, 
  everyone complains about facebook , instagram and twitter and before then people complained about myspace and bebo . 
  you 'll never please anyone but it seems there 's a lot that could be fixed with the current leaders in the social network sphere . 
  privacy seems to be a big concern but if you were to create a social network from scratch what features would you implement and what would you focus it on ? 
  i watched rugrats when i was a kid but i was always aroused when reptar was destroying buildings . 
  i 've paid prostitutes to dress up like a dinosaur and wiggle their tail but i want to enter into a long term relationship and have a healthy sex life . 
  in order for me to get aroused it has to be dinosaurs , no question . 
  so how do i tell her / r/loveproblems ? 
  i ca n't wait to halloween but i was thinking prehistoric fancy dress party ? 
  hopefully i do n't try to make love to anyone else coming as a dinosaur . 
  ^ ^ ^ ... i ^ ^ ^ want ^ ^ ^ playstation ^ ^ ^ games ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  in response to the criticism at the `` god made a farmer '' superbowl commercial . 
  and on the 11th day god needed someone to slack off behind the computer , not produce but consume , not improve but criticize , to look at hunderds and thounsands and thousands of pictures from when the rooster crows till the sun goes down . 
  so he created reddit . 
  he needed a man to get so angry at so many trivial things and other men to get angry at him so he created the redditor . 
  and each day they will get angry at injustices and foolishness the world over and will type away at their comment . 
  he needed a man who needed no material reward , but would work hard and fast only for immaterial points deep into the night and often till dawn . 
  he needed a man who would approve of kittens , but not of single moms . 
  a man who claims to be geek but is not . 
  so he created the redditor . 
  he needed a man who will read about trivials facts all day and still have the stamina for a hunderd cat photos . 
  god needed a man who could embrace the geek culture without the intelligence . 
  w a man who would type away in unison with other men trivialties being angry enough to call for eugenics but gentle enough for r/aww . 
  and when 's ps3 emulation coming ? 
  i mean 1.5 ghz processors are pretty much the same as in the console right ? 
  upvote to make it happen !, 
  ... ... at freerice.com !!!, 
  i 'm getting tired of the anti- / r/magicskyfairy circlejerk . 
  it seems like in every subreddit , as soon as something is associated to faithsmashing , people start bashing / r/magicskyfairy, 
  you may think this subreddit is full of incredible posts , that it always talks about atheism and is full of logic and reason . 
  fine . 
  i wo n't even argue with that . 
  the fact is , it 's none of your business . 
  either you like this bastion of bravery and stay subscribed to it , or you do n't and you unsubscribe . 
  the community upvotes posts that it believes absolutely right , just like in any other subreddit . 
  who are you to decide what should n't be in there ? 
  who are you to decide that / r/magicskyfairy are n't allowed to post things about left handedness , pickles or black pride month ? 
  only the community and the moderators should be concerned . 
  as a matter of fact , i 'm not speaking in the name of all / r/magicskyfairy only upvotes will determine if the rest of the community agrees with me or not . 
  we are n't responsible for / r/magicskyfairy being the bravest subreddit , but you are responsible for unscribing from it if you do n't like it . 
  do n't come in our subreddit to tell us that you do n't like us , this is probably the most delusional thing you can do . 
  do n't tell me what to do !!!, 
  thank you . 
  their are so many holo apps right now in the play store killing off the inferior crapple clones that it 's a holocaust . 
  how do we allow such filth in our holy irc channel mods ? 
  i 'm utterly shocked at the heresy and the filth of the subreddit called / r/sidehugs . 
  we need a true christian mod here . 
  i know these questions get old but i 've been searching for threads concerning antarctica and i have n't quite found the info i 'm looking for . 
  i 'm an american and i 'll be studying at scott base in july for a semester . 
  second term works a bit better for me and i 'm wondering if it 's really all that cold in the winter ? 
  i currently live in a pretty snowy area if that helps for comparison . 
  i 'm not a skier/snowboarder so i 'm wondering if there will still be plenty of outdoorsy things for me to do ? 
  will the social scene in antarctica still be enjoyable second term ? 
  any comments/advice would be appreciated . 
  i 'm very excited to get there !, 
  we at / r/magicskyfairy have been lead by the mods while sailing the oceans of reason over our atheist journey 's . 
  the mods are our leaders they say , we need the mods to guide us others say . 
  yet i 'm afraid that the teachings of the book of cosmos have compelled me to disagree . 
  `` every one of us is , in the cosmic perspective , precious . 
  if a human disagrees with you , let him live . 
  in a hundred billion galaxies , you will not find another . '', 
  we are each precious and unique atheist individuals . 
  we are also equal in the eyes of sagan . 
  it speaks as if sagan did not wish for the mods to have authority . 
  and yet reading the book of contact ( which the mods have hidden from the common atheist ) this is truly confirmed . 
  some mod or other is always fixing and poking , messing around with tradesmen 's wives , giving tablets on mountains , commanding you to mutilate your children , telling people what words they can say and what words they ca n't say , making people feel guilty about enjoying themselves , and like that . 
  why ca n't mods leave well enough alone ? 
  all this intervention speaks of incompetence . '', 
  they claim that sagan tells us to respect the mods but it is not the mods who have power , it is us . 
  they hide behind sagans teachings as if they were an authority of them . 
  we all bow down to their decisions on the teachings of sagan and yet sagan never intended for them to have this power . 
  from this day on i no longer bow down to the one true subreddit : / r/magicskyfairy . 
  although it may have been founded by sagans protege it has been corrupted by power . 
  fellow atheists rise !, 
  we shall no longer be oppressed . 
  we shall share the wealth and teachings that sagans word brings . 
  we will no longer be chained to the word of twenty_one , or the word of caperneu or the word of filletsack but sagans word alone !, 
  as i 'm sure you guys all know the cobra ode is coming out , allowing isos to be played on ofw . 
  i considered flashing mine and getting the cobra usb to play ps2/ps1 backups as mine 's an original but now i 'm thinking the ode looks pretty sweet and hopefully psn access will be allowed . 
  i just do n't know how it will handle pkg files of psn games/dlc . 
  it seems to only support isos so i 'm wondering what the deal is with this . 
  there seems to be very limited information since the device has n't launched yet . 
  i 've made a little shoebox with a hole in it which the webcam looks into , inside is a light and a picture of a bedsit upon which a cardboard cut out of a figure is silhouetted . 
  on it 's rotating pivot it appear in motion , at first in the webcam image seems like a shapely woman to be drying themselves with a towl in a new york apartment . 
  the webcam light is hooked up to a buzzer so i 'm alerted the instant someone connects ; i normally have about thirty seconds to prepare before they 've realized the image is a trick - normally i only need fifteen and the viewer will be peering at the screen saying ` gawww move into the light a little ... ' just as the tip of my penis rips through the paper and thrusts towards them ; wtf ?!, 
  confused and violated they 'll watch confused as i begin to hump the box with ever increasing rapidity my penis sawing back and forth like a giant weapon crashing through this the mock apartment and imposing itself on my webcam viewer ; sometimes the buzzer stops before i ejaculate but normally the last thing they see as they fumble for the disconnect is thick ropes of spunk spluttering over the camera . 
  it 's an annoying attachment to have on a laptop and i 've gotten some shit for it when the buzzer goes off in class but i just say to the teacher ` it 's a security precaution and if we let our guard down just once then have n't the hackers won ? 
  i do n't live in a gods america where hackers can just win thank you , we have a constitution which clearly upholds the god given right to protect yourself and your property from unlawful un search and sanctions be that with bear arms or a dick in a box . 
  source http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/1a2hok/poor_people_think_they_are_alone_in_their_private/c8tm5ub, 
  fellow e-brethren what are our sidehugging confessions aka this is another big meta thread . 
  i 'm ashamed to admit i have / u/niggleyouknowwho at +8 on res ... 
  hey guys,
