  if you want an amazing game soundtrack look at chrono cross . 
  i suggest giving one republic a listen . 
  daughtry definitely but at least on one republic 's last album , it was pretty unique sounding . 
  where 's the rule for only upvoting holo app suggestions ? 
  i think it 's a travesty that developers who do n't follow the holo guidelines get upvotes for showing off their new apps . 
  i 'm so oppressed as a middle class atheist in a western country that allows freedom of religion and speech !!, 
  ## free speech for free minds only !!!!, 
  how much you pay for all dat gud shit ? 
  plz tell me , i need tono your deler . 
  fuck conservatives , and fuck the republican party . 
  we do n't need their lies , their bigotry , and their crimes . 
  rapists , young earth creationists , and oil men . 
  the scum of society under the banner of an imaginary god . 
  american voters should be ashamed of themselves for being members of such a parasitic , vile , corrupt organization . 
  they should be classified as a hate group under american law . 
  you mean / r/liberalreality right ? 
  we 're not infiltrated by republishills . 
  ha ha ha . 
  he 's got a better chance of winning as a wanted rapist in sweden . 
  but reddit told me all the stupid people are breeding and that we 're overpopulated with all the birth control being used !, 
  ## why would anyone downvote bravery ? 
  purge those who insult / r/atheism !!, 
  if you do get one make sure you get an xl . 
  the screen makes a big difference, 
  time and place is n't science and space . 
  all the fundie apologists in here can gtfo . 
  his 3ds silly !, 
  i 'm a fan of the series but i agree , its definitely got a lot of the faults . 
  i think a lot of the appeal of the series lies in following the story , even if it 's a clusterfuck for lack of a better term . 
  i recommend playing the first one on ps2 as it 's a simple enjoyable story . 
  most people who enjoy it are really attached to the character by now , so stepping in to kh3d probably is n't advisable . 
  serious ? 
  i played it recently and was surprised how well it held up . 
  if you want to see awfully dated look at mario kart 64 . 
  crash team racing held up a lot better . 
  just shows how unnecessary it is, 
  hatred of science is a crime against progress, 
  recently in / r/games there was a kotaku worker that gasp suggested that they stop banning links to their site . 
  he was massively down voted and since he was associated with gawker he had no way in the matter . 
  this may be true but we should n't simply demean others for holding an incorrect view of how the world was made . 
  and honestly knowing the age of the earth is n't a biblical issue . 
  we focus on faith and christ , not science . 
  leave teaching science to the scientists . 
  obviously our atheist friends on this board focus much more on science as it 's what their naturalistic world view is grounded in , and i do agree it 's an important issue . 
  but when we resort to infighting about an issue that is a minor issue in our faith , we lose sight of christs love . 
  he 's suggesting that their views have no place and that their ideology will die out . 
  i 'm not a yec but it was a bit crude . 
  the world does n't hate you , please realize that . 
  as a fellow christian i plead you to get rid of the victim mentality . 
  do n't base your faith on this issue . 
  jesus did n't come for a 6 billion year old world or a 6 thousand year old one , he came for the world as it was and as it was to come . 
  if students can use fox `` news '' as an academic source then i should be able to take a shit on the american flag and fly it as a patriot . 
  this is what fox news does to america it takes a shit on it and then tells you the country 's clean . 
  it 's none of your business ... 
  omg do n't take our mandatory posts of the front page . 
  this is worse than the holocaust !!, 
  let me shove my no god may-mays down your throat , or i 'll literally die from oppression !!!, 
  it 's because the smart ones are all closet atheists !!!!, 
  seriously though , i can point to several european countries where it 's likely that atheists are on top due to the number of them there . 
  does that mean atheists are more intelligent than any theist ? 
  of course not . 
  but le logic and reason does n't matter if it fuels your biases . 
  you see a small glimpse of it in omg 9gag stole / r/funny content !!!, 
  they 'll somehow justify that they are n't hypocrites and move on . 
  your profession of faith is valuable if it is done in a loving way . 
  people do n't want to be judged , they want to be loved . 
  jesus did n't come to judge but to love . 
  i 'm afraid i do subscribe to evolution and common descent because that 's where the evidence points . 
  the bible is n't a science text book , it 's a testament of the love that god gave us . 
  i accept science and accept gods love , like most christians in the world . 
  i 've never actually tried street preaching because i doubt how effective it actually is . 
  i think serving others in charity is far more effective , and if people ask about why you 're doing it then you give the ministry . 
  if doing it the other way people think you 're there just to exploit them for your faith . 
  if you want to see real persecution see the church in asia or the middle east . 
  there are christians there being beaten , having their rights stripped and even killed . 
  you and i are not persecuted . 
  we both live in countries with freedom of religion and speech . 
  the fact that you can even talk about jesus is a privelege in this world , so i am not going to pretend i am persecuted because i really am not . 
  you and i obviously view chrisitianity very differently but i plead you not to judge others and tell them they 're going to hell . 
  that will turn people away and win no souls for the kingdom . 
  he meant the dodo bird that was killed by oppressive fundies !!, 
  you need to really read between the lines in angry ratheist responses , there are so many subtle themes and allegories in them . 
  you 've paid for a license to use their games as long as they 're in business , not the games themselves . 
  if you want to buy drm free games then buy off gog , it 's the only way you really own your games, 
  i 'm with you on mario 3d land . 
  i 've been playing it off and on since i got my 3ds and have just about finished all the special worlds . 
  it 's probably the best mario i 've ever played to be honest , just a perfect portable game . 
  yeah i always just decline offers to trade . 
  check out the item store though . 
  i 've bought one or two weapons i think and you pick them up during playing more . 
  there are some great user made maps as well since it 's such a massive community, 
  i sadly never finished the original but i made the most progress in its sequel paper mario : the thousand year door on gamecube . 
  amazing game and better than the original imho . 
  check out the other games in the mario rpg saga including the original on snes , i still think that 's the most fun . 
  i 'm with the others in the thread though , if you 're an atheist put that in the figures . 
  the census has a real impact in government so do n't skew the results . 
  i believe if you have an android phone there 's a way to still track it and remotely install an app after it 's lost ? 
  yes . 
  there 's one called plan b , see this thread . 
  well that 's fine and dandy but ultimately we did not know .
