  but his maymay was wrong . 
  i do n't usually read maymays , i just one click upvote them , but this time ... 
  it implied god realed :(, 
  [ ] ( / research ), 
  i would suggest linking to some studies/articles under the main h1 tag you 've got , just if people do want to be better informed . 
  looks great !, 
  have you got a cintiq or something ? 
  so did i. 
  was expecting some white supremacist from / r/newzealand . 
   implying / r/atheismrebooted is n't the greatest sub ever, 
  let 's not forget to liberate the peoples liberation army bases , just to ensure the right protective force is there as well . 
  two armies is a crowd after all . 
  oh god i was the same . 
  just had the assault rifle and tried to shoot all the barrels strategically . 
  no matter how you shot them they would n't burn all the crops though . 
  i tried that mission like 5 times , killing all the thugs each time until i realized i 'd wasted enough time and abandoned the mission to get the flamethrower . 
  i am planning an oe in the future and decided against renting a car . 
  you can get an agency like http://www.travelchinaguide.com/china-trains/ to book train tickets for you . 
  it will be a lot cheaper . 
  in new zealand at least you apply for an international drivers license before you travel . 
  buying a car as a non resident ( or at least selling it afterwords ) is pretty much impossible . 
  also as far as i 'm aware there is no automobile association , so if you had a breakdown or anything you 'd be in trouble . 
  you would have to rent a car long term from a rental agency like avis , who have a lot of locations round the country . 
  2000 euros would be feasible for renting it and the agency would give you a discount . 
  but trains are likely your best option . 
  there are n't two kinds of people in this world . 
  there are 7.2 billion kinds of people in this world . 
  well it 's certainly doable with a rental car but wo n't be that cheap . 
  did n't this use to be private ? 
  or was that the other msf spin off ? 
  he 's saying that he thought the ridiculous conspiracy theories about jews/nwo were so ridiculous nobody actually believed in them , until he visited reddit, 
  not surprising to see atheist bigotry from you delusional circlejerkers / s, 
  ## atheism without maymays is literally christianity !, 
  fuck you and your rules , you sounds like a fucking theist sucking the dick of your almight mods and admins . 
  it was http://www.reddit.com/r/msfooc, 
  op personally i wo n't be watching god 's not dead as i do n't think i 'd enjoy it , however if you want a great christian film i can wholeheartedly recommend blue like jazz . 
  it 's a bit different to the book but gives an honest look at faith in modern america . 
  hey , be fair . 
  they do a better job than that . 
  got merkel on my right , getting slizzered, 
  hear hear !, 
  look at the results from this poll in the local paper from last year . 
  if that 's not internationally binding i do n't know what is, 
  probably new york . 
  we can call it new london now though, 
  nobody in the uk likes a warm beer . 
  more like a marketing attempt, 
  our prophet has returned !, 
  agreed . 
  we 're supposed to reserve our keyboard pounding for unbrave 's like jij , not fellow faithsmashers . 
  fuck you jij !, 
  that 's awful man but at least you have the right attitude . 
  hopefully in a few more years the racial profiling will die down , it 's already over a decade after 9/11, 
  i still upvote him every time . 
  i visited a farmers market just out of auckland after the quake and they auctioned off a giant pumpkin to help with the recovery . 
  so i associate the two at least . 
  tourism is growing in tasmania but nowhere to the level of melbourne or sydney . 
  his main theory seems to be there is a concave glass sky , because of a bad reading of scripture and watching the truman show too many times . 
  i 'd say more combination of / r/badscience and / r/badreligion but what a nutter . 
  i did n't go into how he thinks weather systems function but i do n't really want to . 
  presumably snow is made by a combination of the us government and satan . 
  should n't it just be the kennedy 's ? 
  none of them have any real power now anyways . 
  the backwards compatible ps3 's have smoothing to make the jagged pixels look better and it does make a difference . 
  it would be great if ps4 had backwards compatability since i bought an original model ps3 mostly for that feature . 
  it makes everything look a lot crisper and smoother on a hd tv . 
  not true . 
  the ps1 support is lackluster on the slim versions of the ps3 , running through emulation . 
  you get graphical glitches and some games barely run . 
  it 's only that it technically does run ps1 games at all . 
  the original 60 gig/80gigs are the only ones that play ps1 games perfectly . 
  you can buy them new occasionally but they 're about the same price as when they first came out !, 
  i have one and love mine . 
  if you get cobra usb which is the only custom firmware that lets you play ps2 backups then it 's pretty much perfect . 
  i have tried asking this in a different subreddit ( / r/changemyview [ 1 ] ) but it seems that it 's not a really good question for that place . 
  i figured / r/askmen is by far the most relevant place on reddit to post this . 
  for some reason it was instantly removed , and apparently i 'm worse than hitler for asking this simple question . 
  this time i 'm trying this subreddit now . 
  so here goes : dark souls games are a wonderful throwback to really hard , challenging games of the past . 
  they 're frustratingly difficult and certain people really enjoy playing them for that reason . 
  i however , do n't believe a male gamer has ever completed one of these games . 
  to prove me wrong , there would need to be some kind of video ( twitch tv , youtube has lots of game recordings ) of a male ( not a transsexual female but a biological male born into the gender they are ) playing through the entire game ( either dark souls 1 or 2 ) and completing it to the end in it 's entirety . 
  i hope to be proven wrong if you can do it !, 
  thank you . 
  i really want do n't want to be offensive or break any rules , just asking . 
  a culture which no longer exists, 
  it is not an accomplishment to have a nationality , no , but at the same time i do n't think there 's anything wrong with being proud of it . 
  people are judged by their achievements already , not their heritage . 
  if you 're an australian you just join the crowd of millions of others . 
  i can certainly understand not being proud of australia 's history with the white australia policy and xenophobia . 
  however when you see people waving the australian flag it 's likely not for those reasons . 
  every country has their great sons ; people like the artists , inventors , statesmen and soldiers of the country who made a great contribution to society and in turn are associated with the country and become part of the national psyche . 
  the accomplishments of everyone else born in the country manifests in the form of nationalism . 
  there are other countries such as the united kingdom with centuries of tradition behind them . 
  is it wrong to feel an affinity with the land you were born in ? 
  the land where you spent your formulative years or possibly your entire life in ? 
  this connection can often translate to pride and affection for the place and this is n't wrong unless it becomes bigoted . 
  patriotism helps to give a sense of identity to many people . 
  at modern day international sporting events like the olympics you see all races waving the flag of their country . 
  it 's part of a persons identity regardless of who they are and there 's a psychological so no i do n't think it is a rebranding of racism at all .
