  maybe post in / r/atheism about hitch and get a support thread going or something ... that might have meant something ... 
  but , at the same time , if this was just you being a sincere dude , that 's nice ... 
  edit : see , the thing is ... atheism is just such a piece of shit , that it 's disappointing to see good people trying to represent it ... and as such , i feel like you ca n't be sincere ... cause of atheism ... 
  do you see how bigoted you sound now ? 
  everything went ~ ~ better ~ ~ ~ ~ worse ~ ~ than expected ? 
  what he really needs to say is `` if iran attacks us we 'll go to congress and declare war on them constitutionally . 
  iran does n't have the ability to even supply their own energy let alone attack us or israel . 
  we need to stop this fear mongering , it 's a slippery slope to war and bankruptcy '', 
  haha i 've been listening to him so much i 'm beginning to sound like the man , 
  paul needs 2 terms ... maybe 2020 , 
  i hope you gave them a piece of your mind after the debate , that is messed up . 
  koreas technically still been in production for the last 50 years, 
  it bombed !, 
  haha i am so brave !, 
  i take it someone outside the us ca n't donate . 
  there 's no country field in the donation form, 
  good job man , every dollar counts . 
  upvote for reddit enhancement suite, 
  time applies only to this universe as i believe stephen hawking would tell you . 
  it seems really hard to comprehend this , but once you do the origin of god is n't an issue . 
  past , present and future - god is n't limited by the constraints of time as he is outside the universe , he just ` is ' . 
  government regulation is no good when the corporations are in bed with the government ... the financial crisis showed us this . 
  you ca n't be in bed with the judicial system , so this is why ron paul wants the issue to be taken to court, 
  surely you thought the hype level when obama was elected was far more than it usually was . 
  i did n't see people shedding tears and celebrating in the streets when bill clinton or bush was elected ( the first time ), 
  you should be able to do it online . 
  it varies from state to state so check blue republican for info, 
  that was beautiful . 
  you are a gentlemen and a scholar sir . 
  haha yeah , let 's consult the ~ ~ atheists ~ ~ scientists over at r/atheism . 
  the bastions of intelligence in this ignorant world . 
  the way they act is n't unnatural since homosexuality does occur in nature . 
  is the way the act different to us , of course . 
  however something being ` natural ' does n't mean it 's good . 
  rape , incest and murder all occur in nature as well . 
  i just wanted to make clear that ` unnatural ' should n't be the word to use . 
  it would n't exist, 
  is n't it far more likely that a man called jesus existed in judea , than nobody existing at all . 
  i understand that you would n't accept any of the miracles/supernatural elements of his life , but to deny that he ever existed seems pathetic both historically and logically . 
  does n't it make far more sense that a jesus figure existed in judea who had amassed a large following by his death , than it to be a giant cover up ? 
  you 're trying to convince us that many largely illiterate people created a remarkable backstory to a life that never existed . 
  that and multiple historical accounts for jesus actually being within the century of the mans death is astounding if you look at the relative insignificance of judea to the roman empire at the time ( at least before the siege of jerusalem ) . 
  are you so biased to your worldview that you turn a blind eye to the crap that gets posted there ? 
  i 've spent a lot of time over at r/atheism and am aware that there is occasionally some great material that gets posted there , but the trash far outweighs the treasure i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm not going to deny that the greater size of the subreddit is largely a factor , but looking at the r/atheism front page at any given time you 'll find, 
  * a snide facebook screencap insulting the other persons religion ( almost always christianity and most likely without the response by the insulted ), 
  * several memes that are n't remotely funny, 
  * a few rage comics about an ignorant religious person, 
  there 's often a more productive discussion between atheists on r/christianity than there is on r/atheism !, 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm glad you can see the place for what it is . 
  i thought you meant you agreed we should consult r/atheism since you replied you agreed to that comment , not that you agreed with my sarcasm . 
  logic and reason - those two words seem like a mantra to r/atheism . 
  this post is n't remotely interesting , nor is it accurate . 
  jesus was likely born as early as april so the post serves no purpose as for op 's attempt to make a ` christ in christmas ' joke . 
  guess if i was richer, 
  it would n't be christian, 
  now aint that some shit, 
  but i guess i can ignore, 
  if it gets me some more, 
  with a forget you to, 
  for pc i 'd suggest many of the gog titles . 
  stuff like, 
  baldurs gate, 
  the longest journey, 
  are games worth getting . 
  would you consider secondhand ps2/gc games on the list as well ? 
  i wo n't deny that this is a popular view in society today , that ` all roads lead to god ' but it 's fundamentally flawed by the differences in religion . 
  a misguided atheist might claim that religions are ultimately all the same , however this blatantly ignores the different definitions and concepts of god . 
  christianity and buddhism for example may share ideas about love and tolerance but the ` god ' in each faith is very different . 
  likewise for every other religion , the differences about the very nature of god would make it insulting to members of the different faiths to say that they 're worshipping the same god or that members of another faith 's god is essentially the same . 
  they recognize the differences between the very nature of the being they 're worshipping are fundamentally incompatible with any other faiths . 
  this is truly the best advice in the thread . 
  it does n't matter who holds the same views as you if you 've questioned what you believe in order to hold them . 
  if you 've truly thought about the mysteries of this world and decided atheism/christianity/whatever belief system makes more sense to you then that 's great , what matters is that you 've truly thought about it and formed the beliefs yourself . 
  doubt is a fundamental part of faith . 
  there 's no way it can be called faith if you do n't question it . 
  those that practice biblical literalism and follow it blindly will have pretty poor faith if you make them take a closer look at it . 
  you should . 
  the good far outweighs the bad with ron paul , i do n't think anyone can prove otherwise, 
  i definitely support ron paul as well . 
  no other candidate seems to realize how awful the economy and citizens rights have become . 
  oh and thanks for putting it in brackets mr atheist . 
  we 'd never have guessed otherwise as to what you were hinting at . 
  do you think the people in war torn nations care ? 
  i think they 'd much rather have a decent economy and an end to the wars . 
  likewise , these should be more major issues for a president . 
  and reproductive rights is a very difficult issue that 's for sure . 
  so life does n't begin at conception , when does it begin ? 
  how many weeks into a pregnancy and how many ultrasounds does it take to classify it as someone elses life and someone elses rights ? 
  no , the issue is whether it 's just your body that you 're dealing with and not someone elses as well . 
  but the main point i was making is that while abortion is currently legal , the economy , foreign policy and citizens rights are all currently a mess and what we should be focusing on . 
  i 'm sorry , come again ? 
  how did your thought processes even come to the assumption that i claimed there are laws forcing people to get abortions . 
  you made that whacked up conspiracy level assertion to try and defend your argument . 
  it seems that you 're so riled up about something that is n't likely to change and is already legal that you 'd like to watch your economy and your rights fall away . 
  ron paul is n't in it to make things worse for anyone except white men . 
  you might be able to make that claim about other gop candidates but not ron paul . 
  he 's got thousands of black supporters who do n't think he 's a racist or only in it for white men , so your point is really moot . 
  no i understand the issues are of importance to him and respect that . 
  what i 'm saying is that a free society and a decent economy are far more important issues in terms of importance and effect on the people and that anyone who wants to argue against this probably does n't understand them,
