  aka without humanity, 
  i 've heard this before - the british did the exact same thing in malta , which crippled the local industry there as well . 
  however you ca n't say that there was zero public infrastructure in india . 
  the first passenger journey was conducted in 1853 , and many indians used the railways throughout the 19th century . 
  i would never dispute that colonialism was to cheifly benfit the british subjects , but saying that there was no benefit to the local population is untrue . 
  obviously post indepedence , the indian government and indian people became the owners of all existing infrastructure . 
  i see you 're a turk yourself , so you naturally have a stake in this matter . 
  the 1.5 million is the most common claim , but there 's no absolute certainty as to the numbers killed . 
  some accounts give only six hundred thousand killed ... yet this is n't an insignificant number . 
  the ottoman census records 1.13 million armenians in the ottoman empire before the 20th century , and it 's certain the population increased in the next 20 years . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_armenian_population#official_values_.28published_1897.29 . 
  how the population somehow disappeared down to less than 300,000 by 1917 must be a mystery . 
  all the muslim population disappeared from the balkans ? 
  i think you 'll find that even despite the serbs attempted genocide in the 90s , there is still a substantial number in bosnia , kosovo and albania . 
  serbias war crimes both during its independence and in the balkans in the 90s are inexcusable though , but still nowhere near the level of what the young turks committed at the end of the ottoman empire . 
  do n't stop , never give up . 
  hold your axe up and get the chop . 
  let the queen see what you have got . 
  bring it on back to you . 
  i 'm long over caring about internet points . 
  i 'm glad you got a laugh out of it . 
  this is really lovely too . 
  i love the old arab orthodox and maronite culture . 
  it seems so close to what would have existed at the time of christ . 
  it 's ridiculously easy to get a copy on wii though . 
  the gamecube copy was harder to get , and coincidentally the better game as well . 
  wind waker hd is much better imo, 
  yes , but what it is doing is attempting to delegitimize the paris attacks . 
  it 's essentially a `` what-aboutism '' , pointing to other atrocities in the hope that it will invalidate the current one . 
  it 's insensitive to the parisian victims , especially since it 's posted only a day after they occurred . 
  really ? 
  they 're just building the first temple in centuries . 
  it 's barely practiced by any of the population . 
  any paganism that exists in scandinavia ( other than that of the saami ) has been artificially reintroduced . 
  saying a faith is `` doing fine '' when it is practiced by a tiny minority and was non existent for centuries is just a bit of a stretch , is all i 'm saying . 
  most people in iceland are agnostic . 
  zelda wii u is very ambitious and they 're committing plenty of resources to it . 
  i 'm hoping that a proper 3d mario is still coming out for wii u as well . 
  in christianity it 's less `` just a metaphor '' but more explained as that it 's a flawed book , transcribed by man . 
  god is perfect and man is not is sort of the gist of it . 
  i do n't know many christians that would defend the israelites massacre of villages in the old testament , for example . 
  yet muhammads military campaigns are always justified . 
  additionally the fact that an illiterate arabian desert herder noted down the actual word for word text of the creator of the universe with no errors is n't seen as strange . 
  every day i close my eyes and think of england, 
  i was just joking , but i do have relatives in the uk and love the place . 
  new zealand is just like australia , but smaller , colder , less prosperous , freer , more progressive and slightly more reserved . 
  nowadays we 're quite multicultural , but the culture used to be far closer to england . 
  is this a meme or something ? 
  we have exactly the same technology as any other first world country , barring i guess netflix which we only got last year . 
  i had a good time back years ago at high school going to the video shop and making copies of dvds for myself haha . 
  you 'll be paid better in the uk or australia . 
  personally i would stick to within the eu as the visa issues can be a real pain , but there are certainly jobs available though . 
  look at http://www.seek.co.nz/ or http://www.trademe.co.nz/jobs if you 're interested . 
  tomorrow in hong kong lads, 
  i thought you would like it if you were of french ancestry . 
  you just want the southern cross all to yourself . 
  if it got big enough that they swapped some of the top nfl players in maybe . 
  having a professional league will definitely help develop more talent though . 
  turkey still is a ( very flawed ) democracy . 
  the leaders are elected , but it does n't stop erdogan calling for a jet to be downed . 
  people do n't get to vote on every single brash move a politician takes . 
  greekly delightful, 
  but being defensive `` allies '' significantly lowers the chances of a war between the two . 
  again the conflict arises over nationality vs ethnicity and culture . 
  the prc does not hold a monopoly on `` being chinese '' much as they would like to . 
  talk to any taiwanese and ask them if they think they 're `` chinese '' . 
  you will get the same response as hong kongers `` my culture and heritage is chinese , but i am a [ taiwanese/hong konger/singaporean ] etc '', 
   are you saying that south koreans and north koreans are not koreans ? 
  nobody in north or south korea would deny that they were korean . 
  people in south korea would deny that being korean means being korean under north korean rule . 
  this is the core of the conflict - the ccp claims you can not be chinese if you are not part of the peoples republic of china , but this is n't true . 
  for the record , i have n't downvoted any of your comments even if i disagree with them . 
  people just like downvoting in / r/hongkong . 
  i just have a 15.6 inch laptop , but i find anything smaller is impossible to code on . 
  also any resolution smaller than 1920 x 1080 is now just incredibly restrictive . 
  if you 're using your phone as a gps , sygic has a dashcam integrated into it . 
  there 's a five dollar fee or something to get it though . 
  it 's hardly unknown , but sygic is without a doubt the best gps app around . 
  fully offline maps without any data required . 
  this will be fixable right ? 
  it seems to only just happening recently, 
  most single syllable words do n't have an acronym . 
  phone is only four letters , it 's short enough . 
  phone is one syllable http://www.howmanysyllables.com/words/phone, 
  if guns were legal in the uk , it would be easier for these tossers to get access to them as well . 
  just be thankful scotland yard is as effective as it is . 
  or in bali , the hindu area . 
  jakarta is more religiously diverse though is n't it ? 
  i knew a christian girl from there once . 
  i respect the argument you 're making but comparing religious belief to any other idea is generally a poor comparison . 
  it 's as if talking to jeremy corbyn and saying `` socialism is just an idea you hold '' as if it was as equally important to him as what to have for breakfast in the morning . 
  yes all ideas can and should be criticized and this is imperative for a free society , but religion is a much more deep seated idea than what you 're making out . 
  for lax christians or atheists like yourself who have grown up in a nominally christian society , religion just is n't that important . 
  but for christians in less developed countries as well as those of other faiths , religion plays an incredibly important role . 
  for muslims it literally is their very identity . 
  to dismiss it as just like any other idea is disingenuous . 
  it 's not an idea , it 's a deep seated ideology that is difficult to dismiss . 
  that 's a hypothetical that would never happen though . 
  if 99 % of the population were scientologists you can be sure tom cruise or whoever the hell it is would become head of state . 
  that sounds dubious .
