  also have you visited egypt before ? 
  but muh gibbon, 
  you are the exception and not the rule then . 
  perhaps corbyn is too , but the public already has a fairly entrenched idea about dress codes at formal occassions . 
  so far the comments have suggested the national anthem is useless , dress codes are irrelevant in society and that ww2 is over hyped . 
  all you need is a ps3 and 3ds to play the entire series so far , including 358/2 days and ddd . 
  ## die for each other, 
  ## we kill for obama, 
  ## kill for obama, 
  i heard if you go back to 1997 it 's quite easy to acquire one , 
  [ that said , this would be the best flag ] ( http://imgur.com/qnec6yv ), 
  as if xi would ever consider it . 
  have you seen how many ww2 movies they make in china ? 
  ca n't play the 3ds ones and the hd remasters look better than the ps2 ones upscaled . 
  i 've played them on pcsx2 and i can tell you the textures look so much better in the remastered versions . 
  to be fair , i did n't pay for them either lol . 
  i 'm playing them on a ps3 with cfw, 
  also none of his songs in the past six years have been any good . 
  bit ridiculous . 
  if there is to be any `` union day '' it should be may 1st , the date the act of union took effect . 
  he carved his own political tombstone, 
  gravity rush was the only must have exclusive on vita for me . 
  i `` ve barely touched mine recently so provided that the original gets a ps4 release i think i 'll be selling mine . 
  except certain laws do already legislate morality, 
  not the same poster , but honestly it has been my favourite new ip in the last five years . 
  the controls were original and the story and world really sucked me in . 
  perhaps you had n't noticed mr al-jubeir , but thankfully most of the world does not run on islamic laws . 
  perhaps when attending an organization that created a charter of universal human rights that are antithetical to what is preached in quran , you should have realized that talk of the relevancy of islamic laws has no place in a secular organization like the united nations . 
  hi friend . 
  want to go for some milk tea ? 
  yet the international community does, 
  additionally men in the eastern rite roman churches ( maronites + nestorians ) are able to marry . 
  prior to the second lateran council in 1139 , there was no definitive ban on priests marrying in the roman catholic church , although it was encouraged . 
  no no no . 
  the cheat caramelized onions are always, 
  2 tbsps balsamic vinegar, 
  1 tbsp brown sugar . 
  also to avoid burning the sugar , it 's usually better to add when they 're nearly browned . 
  one easy salad dressing is, 
  3 tbsps peanut oil, 
  1 and a hakf tbsps lemon juice, 
  1 tbsp sugar, 
  add to a small jar and shake about . 
  this if you want to make them quickly though . 
  you can add it near the end of the process . 
  it creates a fake caramelized taste rather than doing the more lengthy process . 
  notice how there 's double the vinegar , it ensures they 're not too sweet . 
  what do you mean evo ? 
  most dressings tend to the more oily side . 
  obviously adjust for the quantity of salad you 're making , but for a citrus dressing i find it balances well with that much oil , so long as it 's well mixed . 
  peanut oil 's more neutral than olive anyways . 
  clearly the only reason you had an empire was to see the sun . 
  i very much doubt it . 
  you exported all of your culture here and still do . 
  i know scandinavia is more trendy than our sheeply islands , but drinking tea , having a sunday roast , eating fish and chips and lest of all speaking english are all institutional here . 
  not to mention the historical ethnic , sporting , political and religious links . 
  the assumption is that a lesbian bishop is more progressive than a heterosexual one , and thus would be more favourable to viewpoints like this . 
  because both he and his father were dictators that used any means necessary to crush dissent . 
  [ assad has killed more civilians than is the past year ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/islamic-state-has-killed-many-syrians-but-assads-forces-have-killed-even-more/2015/09/05/b8150d0c-4d85-11e5-80c2-106ea7fb80d4_story.html ) if the man was n't a power hungry madman he still would n't be in power . 
  however i still think despite this , he is the lesser of two evils . 
  much as i despise what the assads have done historically ( look at his fathers involvement in the lebanese civil war ) at the moment he is probably the only organized force capable of stopping the war . 
  the man lost all credibility years ago , even if he is correct . 
  i think the sole advantage to it is that the shape can adapt to different colours quite well . 
  they seem to be using a green logo as well as the much better looking greyscale one . 
  i think the m is too short though . 
  if it was more pronounced it would n't look so bad . 
  it always looks interesting seeing the top down perspective of the map . 
  when tagpro becomes a proper e-sport , i would hope we get to see the top down perspective as well as the closeup of the fc . 
  how often do you play pro games / u/vinsanity9 hope you 've been well, 
  yeah i 'll probably look at it sometime soon . 
  it 's just i 'm not sure if i could commit to being in a league team , having to make the matches at a set time every week . 
  i agree that there should n't be negotiation , but that does n't mean nothing can be done . 
  special forces from the coalition should do their part to try and rescue them . 
  and as another poster said , fourteen million is nothing to them . 
  if they had less then 14 million they would be nowhere near as influential as they currently are . 
  no , some live in iraq as well . 
  the ancient region of assyria spanned across both syria and iraq . 
  almost all assyrians are christian too . 
  he even talks about `` the founding fathers '' as if the eu is already federalized like the united states . 
  it 's not been hidden by anyone . 
  the move towards `` an ever closer union '' has always been progressing towards federalizing . 
  you 're talking about an institution that has its own parliament , currency and is proposing a unified miliatary force . 
  logically it 's just the next step . 
  the sad truth is that it 's easy to not have empathy when your thousands of miles away, 
  you left out nusra and the other jihadi rebels though , even if they are small players compared to is, 
  i think you overestimate the number of chinese that have access to an uncensored internet via vpn and uncensored films . 
  hollywood films at the movie theater that deal with politics are either censored or banned . 
  the average nongmin might have seen transformers , but i doubt he 's aware of the wider political realities and structures of the west . 
  it 's really only the educated middle and upper classes who have the capability . 
  esv is / r/christianity 's normal choice . 
  if you want an in depth study bible go for the new english translation ( net ), 
  the poster is obviously a christian and speaking in context with a poster he assumes is a christian . 
  i do n't think clarifying that his statement is only a matter of belief is really relevant . 
  the others have put it smugly , but the kjv is n't highly respected for its accuracy by most modern theologians or denominations ( barring traditional sects like the brethren ) . 
  it 's a beautifully written and influential translation , but there are better available . 
  honestly i 'm surprised that this thread is as civil as it is . 
  there can be some terribly biased discussions on religion here . 
  the bible is n't translated or derived from plates . 
  i do hope you realize this . 
  no problem man .
