  i do n't think it was quite a week later , but it certainly would have repulsed her . 
  i remember rebecca `` femifundienazi '' watson ran a piece on how shit they treated her which was posted to / r/atheism and then everyone sucking up to her in the comments , saying how they were so sorry and definitely were n't ephebophiles . 
  white guilt !, 
  white and black jellybeans !!, 
  do n't mind me , just masturbating to your brilliant sense of humour with my upvotes, 
  #### thank you for being brave m8 . 
  so you have figured out that the majority of / r/atheism is n't very happy with religion and believe that religions are pretty silly . 
  you might find some of this shit offensive even . 
  you might even feel that you need to post about how much / r/atheism sucks . 
  i have a 10 step plan in order for you to correct this issue . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  this is a crucial step , and will be recommended should you decide to openly voice your concerns about / r/atheism . 
  might as well get this out of the way so when it is recommended , you can proudly claim ` i 've done that already ' and the discussion can continue . 
  a broken bottle is ideal , but whatever tool you have available it fine , even if it is a portal gun . 
  repeat step 1 to ensure completion . 
  unsubscribe . 
  you do n't have to be here , you do n't have to read the memes , sagan quotes , and dumbasses on facebook . 
  red button on the right . 
  go away , we do n't want you . 
  repeat step 1 again . 
  understand our user base . 
  if you live in the uk , you might legitimately not understand a large portion of our users . 
  google the bible belt . 
  i will wait ... ok , that 's long enough . 
  there are many atheist teens in the bible belt , whom stay in the proverbial closet to prevent bad shit from happening to them . 
  this includes something as trivial as being cut off from college ( which in the us is not a right , but a paid privilege ) , to something as sever as being thrown in the streets or ( in the rare case ) murdered . 
  there have been users on here asking for help due to parents wanting to involuntarily commit them to a psyche ward for their atheism . 
  this subreddit is for them to vent . 
  repeat step 1, 
  we have every reason to hate religion . 
  while we do n't necessarily hate religious people , we do find their beliefs silly and worth mocking . 
  however , religion is responsible for many deaths in iran , sudan , and the bible belt , especially among this particular faith known as christian science , which believes prayer is a legitimate alternative to medicine and surgery , which sometimes ends up killing the unfortunate kid . 
  repeat step one , one last time . 
  if you are still here and have concerns , discuss . 
  if not , unsubscribe button is on the right , have a nice day and do n't forget to go fuck yourself . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  are you disputing that the christian position on homosexuality is n't still in contention , because it certainly is . 
  many churches have recognized same sex marriages as valid and godly . 
  what pisses me off as someone doing web design is their blatant reuse of facebook assets more than anything . 
  copying the exact font + design + layout , but being nice enough to change the color scheme does n't count for individuality . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is what paul did after he got shipwrecked, 
  no , praise god !, 
  i have seen some bad tracts before though , one trying to turn genesis into a science book etc. 
  i think there were some ray comfort ones . 
  the independent is a trustworthy source . 
  when 7 different news outlets are reporting it , the story is usually credible . 
  holding positions of power and smoking cannabis have nothing to do with religion . 
  it 's a copypaste but i agree , it is hilarious . 
  here 's one on catholics and protestants that 's pretty funny too http://i.imgur.com/ybkmhpk.png, 
  i 'm still waiting for this masterpiece to come out . 
  hopefully this summer it and `` gods not dead '' can square off in the d movie ring . 
  * inhaling the church hymnal, 
  it 's called a `` confession bear '' . 
  instead of being molested in a booth , we do it via maymay form on the toilet . 
  memes were the new enlightenment , distilling jovial knowledge into the brains of young atheists everywhere . 
  do you not see how we 're living in the darkness now ? 
  [ what 's the saying ... the bible 's like a license agreement . 
  people just skim through it and say they agree , since everyone used the software . 
  it 's definitely true for many , but the intellectually masturbatory debate tactic of `` do you people even x oh my god , you 're so stupid ! '', 
  is just sad to see ] ( / ooc ), 
  the longer you wait , the less time you have to grow your karma, 
  ### neil xd . 
  i 'm not gon na denye that 's pretty funny lolol !, 
  i gave you an upvote . 
  that is absolutely disgusting . 
  i wish there was a way of reporting people like that . 
  what ? 
  there will be games coming out at 1080p soon enough . 
  you do realize that developers need to have time with the hardware before they utilize it properly . 
  it 's why the difference between ps3 and ps4 games is reasonably negligible at the moment , as well as having to cater to the older hardware . 
  you 'd be sacrificing your processor speed or memory for that price . 
  you can put in a great graphics card , but for that price range you 're going to be sacrificing something . 
  the fact is that consoles are better optimized for gaming and due to the huge quantities of them being sold , are always going to be cheaper hardware wise . 
  software is obviously cheaper on pc . 
  i use the word `` optimized '' once and yes i do . 
  the console is designed primarily to handle games , therefore the cpu , gpu and all the systems resources and system software are designed in the architecture to be targeted towards that purpose . 
  a windows pc is designed to handle any computing task , so it will need to run more processes and allocate more cpu and memory in order to run any program , let alone playing games . 
  your build ( which would cost more in europe + asia + oceania too ) is not only $ 175 more expensive than the ps3 , the games are n't going to look much better . 
  add in the cost of decent keyboard , mouse and windows and you 're looking at a few hundred more . 
  i agree with you that many consumers already have a pc , but it 's more likely they 'll have a laptop now which is n't upgradeable . 
  i tend go doubt the bot part ? 
  i do n't think you 're really accounting their motivations into your argument . 
  if people really want a job , they 're not going to make excuses . 
  they will be handing their cv out to every employer in the area . 
  by saying `` the economy is bad '' it may be that they earnestly have tried , but it 's also an excuse for giving up on trying for a job . 
  very few people would attribute the negatives to god , but if someone said `` god did n't want me to have the job '' they either earnestly believe they 've been sent on a different path in life or they 're making excuses . 
  `` the economy '' referred to as this all encompassing entity is just as vaguely defined as `` god '' , it just seems that since they 're using religious motivation for their laziness , people object to it more . 
  why not both ? 
  what faith, 
  their existence . 
  i wish they would just die in order to realize how wrong they are ( out of love of course ), 
  if you 're looking for an android i 'd recommend the xperia z1 . 
  waterproof , 4g , best camera on android + expandable memory, 
  the one thing that 's really tempting about the nokias aside from their cameras is nokia drive . 
  you can download any country in the world offline to have gps wherever you are . 
  well this is definitely going to boost support for creative cloud ... 
  sygic is really good if you want an android gps app , and can be ahem obtained in various ways . 
  there were a few others pointed out in this thread too http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/13qe7r/alright_google_why_dont_we_have_proper_offline/, 
  the catholic church will never be fine with abortion . 
  according to this article it 's actually illegal in south korea,
