  considering the us has some of the most relaxed abortion laws in the world , your snarky joke does n't make a lot of sense . 
  in new zealand it is only legal if a danger to the womans physical or mental health . 
  anyone wanting one can cite mental health as an issue , and get one , however those after 12 weeks need to be performed in a hospital . 
  there was quite a big debate when the first abortion clinic opened in southland recently ( a more conservative province ) , with at least one doctor publicly refusing to do so . 
  that 's true , but the sole point of his comment was to make people think america had backwards laws on abortion , when it 's not the case at all . 
  what a scumbag . 
  can we report this guy ? 
  my favs are, 
  - scrapbook : save complete web pages ( including js ) and web archives, 
  - screengrab : easily save a screenshot of the entire page, 
  - media hint : lets you access region locked content like iplayer . 
  use the ft deepdark theme if not using it already, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  squirtle bet the rock gym easier , then you were levelled enough to take on all the others . 
  have you ever been to one of the state sanctioned religious services in north korea ? 
  ah thanks , wikipedia did n't make that very clear . 
  the cloud is creative, 
  the cloud expands your creativity, 
  you can be creative with the cloud . 
  but only with creative cloud ^ tm, 
  have you thought about creating clouds on a canvas ? 
  you can create them with creative cloud . 
  oh my cloud that 's hilarious . 
  for a student i would recommend a surface pro . 
  the 1st gen ones will be coming down in price . 
  you can run all your full windows programs , but use it like a tablet for reading comics , watching movies in bed etc. 
  if you 're on the fence about this you can easily find a download of the original game to try it . 
  i 've played the first one and loved it ( and the typing tuitorials were good ) so i 'm definitely getting this . 
  the ring came off my l&p can, 
  take my dollar craft knife , my good man, 
  i swear it 's fjordland 's only choice, 
  throw up your tax and raise your voice, 
  psst ... 
  they speak canto here . 
  this appears to be it http://www.auctiva.com/edu/entry.aspx?id=ebays-global-shipping-program-puts-sellers-on-the-fence, 
  if the shipping fees were low enough it may be good . 
  it seems like the fees are too high though . 
  i 've read another article on it a few months ago . 
  it seems that most doctors will perform them and face the fines , but i do n't think the law is that tricky to understand . 
  it is illegal , just uncommonly enforced . 
  the thatcherite policies of the 80s deindustrialized much of the north of england , moving much of the economic wealth to the south + banking sector in london . 
  many of the smaller towns in the north who relied on outdated sectors like coal mining were left without any jobs . 
  this has lead to a lot of people disliking margaret thatcher . 
  yeah no clubs !, 
  have you seen the good life there ? 
  oh come on . 
  simply because the nsa are spying on someone does n't validate the koooky nwo conspiracy theories that do n't even have a shred of evidence . 
  how dare you insult science, 
  stay away from processed foods , super sugary stuff and stuff with too many carbs . 
  in a wrap there will be more salads than a burger , since they 're longer . 
  in australia , anything is possible, 
  i wish i had a pet polar bear :(, 
  are you or are you not the admin with the best gear now ? 
  thank you for answering !, 
  i 'm glad i came on / r/iama the other night , as this is one of the best ones i 've had the pleasure of reading . 
  what were your impressions of the service ? 
  i 'm just interested as to how restricted you felt the service/cermony was as almost all religious practice is banned in the country . 
  was it a buddhist ceremony or a christian one ? 
  on another note i watched the departures episodes last night and loved them . 
  the tour looked incredibly entertaining , and i never thought i would have been so interested in a bottled water factory . 
  neil degrasse tyson tweets : `` after a long period of reflection i 've realized now that catholicism made sense for me , and have converted . 
  praise god i am free ! '' ', 
  pew report finds that humanities graduates are more financially successful over a five year time span than those graduating in the stem fields . 
  pornographic dependency officially recognized as harmful disorder by american psychological association . 
  ama !, 
  `` why do you strawman bla bla hate video games ?? '', 
  jij internet defence force , pls go . 
  i do n't know what i can say . 
  you 've suffered so much more than any person ever should , and yet you still have faith . 
  i do n't even know if i would if i went through what you did , but i 'm not even going to pretend i could relate to what you 're going through . 
  i would n't normally type out a response this long , but this really has impacted me . it is one thing when people of our faith do n't attempt to live according to how christ commanded of us , but to commit such a barbaric act while professing his faith is just unthinkable . 
  he will likely broken inside too , and his guilt will be hurting him . 
  he knows what he did was wrong , and is afraid of being found out . 
  know that every sin that occurred happened due to him . 
  he was the perpetrator and you are blameless . 
  god promises that he will bring justice to the downtrodden and the lowly . 
  however you live under civil laws that should be obeyed , this man should be in jail for violating you like that . 
  i understand that the issue is incredibly traumatic , but you really should take him to court . 
  forgiving him is good of you and an important step in the healing process , but that does n't mean his crimes should go unpunished . 
  i do n't have a great knowledge of your countries justice system , but i am certain there are legal teams and support workers who have experienced this before . 
  does your husband know ? 
  there 's no way he can support you if he does n't know what you went through . 
  it will better help him understand why you 've been having issues in your faith too . 
  if you love him and trust him , he needs to know . 
  i ca n't imagine you would n't have told him , but he should definitely know . 
  we are supposed to seek professional help when something like this occurred . 
  i 'm glad to hear you have tried therapy . 
  was it a professional psychologist you spoke to ? 
  there will be someone who has had experience with abuse victims , and it 's wise to try them . 
  can i ask what denomination you are ? 
  you said you went to a conservative bible college , so i imagine it was a rather conservative denomination . 
  unfortunately the more conservative churches have a bad reputation with social issues . 
  have you tried different churches ? 
  i would look for one with a social outreach and one that values female leadership . 
  they should have some women 's support groups that could be very valuable , some people who you can share your struggles with and relate to . 
  every christian , even the strongest one will still have their prayers appear to go unanswered at times . 
  i know i have struggled with my relationship , but i still believe that god is there and listening to me and everyone . 
  it says that all of us who are weary that god will give us rest . 
  it sounds like you 've been walking endlessly , but i pray that god will give you comfort even if it 's not explicitly given . 
  honestly , even though i do n't know you it 's incredibly courageous that you have shared this online .
