  have you hung out in / r/truechristian , because there 's good conservative discussion in there . 
  the moderators do a good job . 
  yes !, 
  thank you so much . 
  i 'm a bit surprised that the promo images were quite raunchy for when i was a kid but the game itself was so much fun . 
  he never was . 
  there was some unverified `` i was aalewis '' thing on casualiama but it was so obviously fake , and there was no proof . 
  the conservatives are n't a christian party even though they do pander to right leaning christian voters . 
  just because they 're socially conservative does n't mean they 're christian , and craig has denied the label . 
  i for one think it 's heresy we still do n't have an amazon link giving a 10 % tithe to pope kenneth with every purchase !, 
  i do one with chocolate liqueur sometimes . 
  alcoshakes are the best . 
  i use a victorinox and it 's great for the price . 
  best quality low entry cost knife around . 
  rolo 's are still alright because the caramel still tastes good , but the milky bar 's are awful, 
  in nz/australia it 's a very popular soft drink . 
  you squeeze some juice as well generally , but yes it 's my favourite mixer at the moment . 
  it 's because it is . 
  what heretic would deny the legitimacy of pope kenneth ? 
  just look for the most reliable laptops on google . 
  generally the top two are apple and lenovo - but even for lenovo it 's the + $ 1400 ones . 
  some of the worse manufacturers have some good models . 
  dell do some really nice high end ones called the latitudes , but they 're all over $ 1500, 
  my last one was an hp and the hinges were the least of my concerns . 
  asus consumer models when xp was out had the worst hinges on earth . 
  my brother and sister both had one , and the hinge failed on both . 
  just awful junk . 
  it 's odd , they make other computer parts that are considered reasonably high end too but there often seem to be issues with their laptops, 
  well you get that with most manufacturers, 
  the culture in smaller cities in the uk is completely different . 
  i went to bath which is only two hours out and everyone was friendly , people strolled down the streets instead of rushing about like mad . 
  london is like new york or any mega city , pace of life is fast and people do n't have much time for strangers . 
  wow . 
  never thought i 'd find a worse representation of japanese culture than anime , but there it is . 
  oh come on . 
  you ca n't say nobody used either when ie has the worlds largest marketshare . 
  i would n't use anything but firefox as my main browser , but let 's stop pandering bullshit . 
  are you doubting the nsa has gotten data from google ? 
  they may have encrypted their internal network recently , but like microsoft and just about every other tech company the nsa got data from them, 
  um excuse me fundie , it 's not like that . 
  you see as chris rock elegantly stated there are niggers , and then there are black people . 
  black people who act differently ( ie most of them ) are niggers . 
  the nice ones like donald glover are just black people . 
  so you see , i 'm definitely not racist by labeling most of them as a slur word because they act differently . 
  how hard is it to understand ? 
  i think the main goal of most posters here is to have a good and healthy sexual relationship , where you value each other and not treat each other as sex objects . 
  the op is going through the same thing we do , finding it hard to look at people of the opposite gender as people , instead of sex objects . 
  that does n't mean giving up sex , just stop making sex the main priority of your life . 
  wow . 
  life changing advice right there . 
  i 've got another one, 
  porn ... is n't good for you . 
  boom . 
  porn addiction solved . 
  irrelevant username amirite ? 
  edit : chipotle gold ? 
  thank you kind mexican atheists !, 
  why ca n't wii be friends ? 
  why ca n't wii be friends ? 
  why ca n't wii be friends ? 
  i seen you playing for a long long time, 
  i really remembered you when used to play online . 
  why ca n't wii be friends ? 
  why ca n't wii be friends ? 
  i would probably prefer a insomniac spyro over crash . 
  can you imagine how lush and vibrant the level design would look in hd ? 
  crash was amazing but spyro 's world design was like a fairytale . 
  probably . 
  more nostalgia value to crash . 
  it 's like if rare announced a proper sequel to banjo tooie for the xbox one . 
  yeah i would n't mind freeroaming if it was done like the first jak and daxter, 
  right but since the company is owned by microsoft , there 's no chance of it happening anywhere else . 
  people were pretty hyped for nuts and bolts on 360 , before it turned out to be a kart racer . 
  honestly fuck all those circlejerkers that shout `` brave '' every comment . 
  ron paul should have been our president and yes would have made a damn brave one . 
  no more criminals clogging up our ~ ~ slave farms ~ ~ oh sorry jails for blazing it up , no more archaic laws stopping gays from being married or atheists from running for office . 
  he would have left our private lives alone , and locked all the wall street leaches up . 
  in a country that 's literally been in disrepair since the 90s , doing all he promised would take bravery . 
  it 's a goddamn tragedy that we do n't have ron paul in the oval office . 
  america 's a sad place without him . 
  except that obama is the one continuing this , not bush . 
  at least bush set a deadline on iraq that obama had to stick to . 
  obama broke his word to the troops promising they would be coming back in 2014 . 
  extending the stay in afghanistan is entirely his decision . 
  probably just being a vegan for a week . 
  even though they have a bad reputation , most vegans act nothing like xir . 
  that 's because they had a no pc rule . 
  `` luck had nothing to do with it , we made our reality . '', 
  oh my galt , so profound !, 
  fallacy fallacy, 
  i win !, 
  nintendo is literally saving gaming . 
  you shut your shill mouth . 
  have you tried soul sacrifice ? 
  it has really good reviews and is similar to monster hunter, 
  answer it chris . 
  reddit is pretty forgiving, 
  hi chris . 
  i have a friend in london wanting to get into stand up and comedy in general . 
  what 's your advice for aspiring comedians ?
