  provide me statistics that religion has largely been spread through torture and murder . 
  fear and deceit are subjective ( going to sunday school is `` indoctrination '' and `` child abuse '' according to some people on this board ) but torture and murder can easily be quantified . 
  can you provide anything citing that either of these methods are the main way religion spreads , or are you just spouting anti theistic buzz words as usual because you ca n't back your claims up . 
  after all according to you there are only four options as to how religion is spread , so murder and torture must be one of the main ways . 
  labelling people who disagree with you . 
  where have i seen that before ? 
  thankfully most of the comments are calling it out , but it 's at 178 upvotes at the time of posting . 
  since the existence of god can not be proven or disproven , whether religion is a lie or not is subjective . 
  certainly in regards to yec and the natural claims of religion they can be lies , however the supernatural claims will always be contested . 
  it 's nice to see you not backing your own claims up though . 
  i asked you to find me statistics to back up your own statement that religion is largely spread by `` torture '' and `` murder '' . 
  can you find these at all , or are you going to concede that this is n't true . 
  post what ? 
  i 've already posted elsewhere in this train-wreck of a thread . 
  i know you like it bb , 
  how did i misquote you ? 
  you claimed religion is spread through only four means , two of which are torture and murder . 
  i 've asked for statistics backing up your claim and still have n't been provided with any . 
  you then made an assertation that all religions are a lie which i disputed , noting that the supernatural is impossible to prove or disprove . 
  now you 're responding with a strawman of religious beliefs , that still again can not be proven or disproven since you 're dealing with supernatural claims . 
  if it is `` easy to prove that gods can not exist ' then please by all means prove it . 
  prove that the supernatural is impossible , because i 'm sure there would be a nobel prize waiting for you if you could do so . 
  if theists like myself are the ones not debating the subject fairly , why are you not backing up your original claim ? 
  stop . 
  think . 
  censorship, 
  if you accept science into your heart then anything is possible !, 
  nice peer review m ` sir, 
  what 's the point ? 
  you already own the games just buy a case for your 3ds and carry them all round with you . 
  you can sell them off once you get sick of them if you want , just play what you have . 
  with steam and even older games on psn the price is negligable , but 3ds games are way over priced digitally . 
  more kingdom hearts + more final fantasy xv . 
  i 'm interested into seeing whether there 's a big budget wii u title announced . 
  also hopefully the majoras mask 3ds port . 
  the best way to drink rum is a dark and stormy . 
  rum , ginger beer and lime juice . 
  who would have thought the person that founded a political party would donate to the same party ? 
  does one news know about this ?? 
  where 's the scandal !!, 
  a `` red pill woman '' is an oxymoron , or some form of stockholm syndrome . 
  there 's nothing profound about insulting people . 
  but espionage is freedom !, 
  russia 's not worse than guantanamo bay . 
  the whole country is n't a prison . 
  women invented the plow ? 
  as far as i 'm aware it is n't known what gender invented the first farming tools , just what civilizations were the first to use them . 
  excuse me fauxmosexual , i think you 'll find that racist german millionaire is actually a freedom fighter for the downtrodden middle class new zealanders who need to pirate music . 
  we could have been the star wars :(, 
  what 's your thought on paulsubstantiation - st paul made flesh . 
  why do you hate jesus !!, 
  mary loves me this i know, 
  for the catechism tells me so, 
  queen who reigns in heavens light, 
  her glory fills my hopeful sight, 
  yes , mary loves me . 
  yes , mary loves me . 
  the catechism tells me so, 
  ask not what the mother goddess can do for you , but what you can do for the mother goddess . 
  i think you 're reading too deep into it . 
  yes she 's trying to get a rise out of people but i do n't think there 's any deep motivation for it , she 's trying to prove she 's now edgy and no longer a disney start , and is and just following whatever her label advises her to do . 
  when did her majesty annex denmark ? 
  m'twentyone _ 21 this has already been posted , but i upvoted for awareness . 
  there are too many fundies in this sub that need to see more science . 
  [ * / u/oreography * ** group masturbation in a godless world ** ] ( / / #phd ), 
  #### purge him !, 
  `` there is so much power in our clicks '', 
  serves those bloody vikings right . 
  793 ad never forget . 
  not only that , it 's the most basic of ways to avoid a crash . 
  there 's a lot of superfluous stuff in the road code , like slowing down to 30 at railway lines but indication is so simple . 
  i tend to over indicate if anything . 
  they even have a wendy 's now . 
  groundbreaking stuff . 
  u not srs . 
  calling for murder of an elected leader , stay classy / r/worldnews, 
  i 'd like to thank myself and the rest of / r/sidehugs for pulling this off somehow . 
  i read an article a while ago about the mormon film industry . 
  it 's surprisingly big . 
  exactly , none of which has happened with tony abbott . 
  much as i dislike what he 's doing in australia , calling for his murder like the poster above has done is just ridiculous . 
  i will join the reddit army !, 
  who 's with me ? 
  fuck all the haters here . 
  if we can make a difference , who cares what we call ourselves . 
  first private of net neutrality standing for duty sir !, 
  if he said the visions were from vishnu would you say the same thing ? 
  / r/unitedkingdom have been anti ukip the whole time . 
  every thread was filled with vote for labour/greens since ukip are conservative . 
  i see . 
  sorry i thought you meant they were talking positively about them . 
  that subreddit is prime for circlejerks though . 
  they 'll often bash americans for no good reason other than `` taking the piss '' and then insult anyone who does n't go along with the jerk . 
  i swear i see more atheist bravery there than in / r/atheism too . 
  if the policies are awful we 'll get the most educated australians coming into new zealand , like you got all our top graduates a decade or so ago . 
  i do n't like abbot but fortunately , being a kiwi , i do n't have to deal with his mess . 
  [ i 'm so atheist i protested against fundies at my local college ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bzwqj.jpg ), 
  1 - go fuck yourself . 
  this is the first step you need to take when attempting to criticize / r/magicskyfairy . 
  ##### i am ten thousand kilo sagans sure there is no god,
