  that 's really sad , i hope things get better for you and your wife . 
  way to boost the self esteem captainblood, 
  and atheists say the liar , lunatic or lord scenario is closed minded ... 
  furious love deals with the aspect that demons are and continue to be everpresent in the world around us . 
  i 've seen both movies , and they both are quite convincing but i 'm not whether sure everything depicted is accurate . 
  / r/christianity usually takes quite a liberal view demon wise , so it 'd be interesting to see what other members think if they 've seen furious love . 
  faith in humanity lost, 
  republican meme detected : upvoting, 
  friend , in circlejerks hallowed halls we do not refer to false idols with reverence . 
  i learned something useful on reddit, 
  that 's very true , but your bringing it up out of nowhere, 
  / r/atheism forbids this non fundie message from getting out !, 
  that 's an amazing picture, 
  there was some big point that key was trying to bring up near the end , on a turnaround labour had , and goff went ` no john , noo way that 's true . ', 
  it seemed to me goff really did n't want whatever key was saying out , but i wanted to hear what he said . 
  this is brilliant , i was laughing the whole time . 
  you never go full bacon, 
  dear brother in christ , i wish to inform you that the correct spelling of the word ` through ' is as i have written it . 
  i have already heard terrible comparisons between my behaviour and the hate filled germans of the second world war , so i wish you do not bring up this comparison . 
  god bless you, 
  mods !, 
  this user has a highly immodest account name . 
  not only does it reference faecal matter in a unorthodox coloquial form , but it suggests that said faecal matter should enter into our beloved feline friends !, 
  rage thread ? 
  rage thread . 
  i have seldom seen such a blasphemous board in my life . 
  these people show no respect for our lord , in fact they seem to relish in the suffering they give to those who believe . 
  mods !, 
  we have an ignorance alert . 
  it seems ` lucklesspedestrian ' does not realize procreation is god 's gift to us , through the confines of a lifelong marraige . 
  the crickets , how could you forget the crickets !, 
  ( insert look of disaproval ), 
  what do you call a lynda with dog ? 
  edit : upvotes thank you circlejerk , on behalf of glorious sagan i shall claim this title for persecuted liberal atheists everywhere . 
  hello there . 
  i am a collector of rare and precious indie bundles . 
  i have added specimens 2 and 3 to my collection before , however i was not travelling the vast expanses of the internet at the time codename ` number one ' was available to capture . 
  if you do have bundle number one , i would be happy to take it off your hands . 
  i promise to take care of it , and spend as much time with it as i have with bundles 2 and 3 which at present are sleeping soundly in my library . 
  it all depends on your interpretation of what ` hell ' is . 
  i personally can not reconcile my faith with the usual picture of endless torment . 
  i personally take the view that hell is simply an absence of god , that only those who truly rejected god will end up there . 
  it 's not a place of torture but of loneliness . 
  i believe there is also a concept of annihilationism , that says the non believers soul is simply destroyed after they die and there is no eternity for them ( aka they go to a hole in the ground , death is all their is ) that only christians have a afterlife , and the only possible afterlife is heaven . 
  so , it 's all in the way you view things . 
  yes , in the traditional sense i can not accept hell , but interpreting it in i believe a biblical view then it 's not as bad as is usually portrayed . 
  do n't muslims also believe that god can take different forms ? 
  the trinity for christians is just god appearing in three different ways , but the essence remaining the same . 
  sort of like ice , water and steam, 
  bacon tastes so good , though i 'm not one to judge . 
  as a christian , i 'm still cautious of pre marital sex . 
  fry it up in the pan and have it crispy . 
  it 's not life changing , but on a blt with sweet chilli and mayo it 's pretty fantastic . 
  it 's not logically sound in that hell or a god can not be emperically proven , however in a christian context of accepting god and interpreting the bible it does make sense . 
  how is it not just , if you openly reject your creator . 
  you 're not tormented , you 're simply ` alone ' from any god as you want to be . 
  it really sounds pretty just to me . 
  your republic is flawed , join / r/democraticpeoplesrepublicofatheism, 
  let 's burn the world down - carl sagan, 
  that 's the maori ( indigenous peoples ) traditional meal . 
  a roast lamb with kiwifruit and cream topped pavlova ( a meringue cake ) is the more traditional meal for most new zealanders . 
  we also love a good bbq in summer with lots of beer . 
  the burden of proof lies with whoever is making the argument . 
  pray, 
  aids ? 
  ok then child rape . 
  the argument that everything can be good depending on it 's use is n't always true , some things are just wrong . 
  those links were interesting though , thank you, 
  looks very good, 
  as your karma whoring mother i really am ashamed . 
  i 'll have to make le parenting rage comic to show the internet i do n't care about you . 
  edit : ` le ', 
  some of us need to read their history . 
  the question has never been whether jesus exists , but whether he was who he claimed he was . 
  very few celebrities tweet bible verses unless they 're christian , and if they do it 's probably corinthians 13:4 . 
  it 's out on the piratebay , at least for 360, 
  actually there were historians around during that time like josephus that recorded there was a prophet called jesus that was crucified by the romans in judea . 
  seriously , even on r/atheism i have n't heard this . 
  it 's only fringe historians with the authenticity of a dan brown novel that actually claim jesus never lived . 
  show me the money son !, 
  just be friends with girls . 
  they do n't bite ... usually, 
  somebody send this to ray comfort, 
  ask any evangelical whether chrsitianity is a religion and you 'll get `` christianity is n't a religion , it 's a relationship '' the point they 're trying to make , is that jesus is a personal god that listens to their prayers , and they do n't need to follow strict religious laws like in islam , everything was paid for at jesus resurrection . 
  this is why they feel it 's fine to throw out quotes like this , because they do n't really see themselves as in a religion . 
  the problem with this is that when they follow jesus teachings to the word , it actually becomes religious and not a relationship , thus defeating the point . 
  i do n't think many of us claim `` the bad christians are n't really christians . '', 
  they are , they just are n't doing a very good job of it . 
  but if you are going to believe in god then you 're giving him fantastical attributes . 
  all powerful , all knowing etc. 
  once you acknowledge the concept of god as we know it for the sake of argument , then ` where did god come from ? ', 
  sort of becomes nullified . 
  an all powerful being surely could have always existed , since he 's so fantastical in concept that nothing would be impossible for him . 
  the wbc does n't really seem to do repentance though . 
  they claim that america is ` doomed ' as well as any other country phelps has found on a map . 
  it seems as though they take the view that everyones screwed except them , and are just yelling it out to make themselves feel better . 
  if a gay man went to them to ` repent ' ( very unlikely i know ) they 'd probably just kick him out . 
  i ` just going off the top of my head , there are two major verses that touch on homosexulaity in the bible . 
  the well known one in leviticus ` lie with another man ... abomination ' one , and also one in the new testament . 
  most christian groups that do n't take a calvinistic view of scripture , agree that we are no longer under levitical law .
