  ted haggard : `` the jew he killed our lord ! '', 
  ( comapny ) : `` the jew he killed our loooooooord '', 
  meta how much does it cost for you guys for a degree over in the us ? 
  i 've heard law school can set you back about 100 grand ? 
  here in new zealand it 's costing me about 15 grand nz ( 12,500 us ) to do my 3 year it degree . 
  ah right , i thought canada would subsidize their fees as well . 
  interesting to know thanks . 
  fellow faithsmashers , the poster on the mothership has been delivered a great injustice . 
  we must upvote his post as well to bring him karma for his brave act . 
  brush up on your aosp history . 
  touchwiz is literally stalin . 
  sense is literally hitler . 
  seriously ? 
  ~ ~ heathen ~ ~ catholic alert !, 
  damn religion . 
  i could be freezing in the cold naked if it were n't for you and your `` clothing '', 
  i second this as well . 
  sidehugs is a godly place and we take confessions seriously . 
  if we do n't have a photograph then how will we ever know if you 're telling the truth about your sins ? 
  you might be lying right now , which is another sin . 
  so for the sake of being more godly and cleansing you of your filth we need that photo . 
  [ meta ] his video for `` perform this way '' parody of born this way is one of his best music videos, 
  a light of reason in a dark christian theocracy, 
  i agree . 
  i should be mod . 
  my name is even a science, 
  what about deadgodwalking.com ? 
  why are these right wingers so into their religion when they do n't even have souls ? 
  i disagree with the article . 
  heartless and brainless is what he was . 
  how was that even implied ? 
  of course . 
  right wingers do n't have figurative souls makes a lot more sense . 
  thank you for being logical . 
  the nordic/swedish family of languages have been proven to be the most logical so you could say it is a first language to you . 
  religion is the mind virus that poisons logical thinking . 
  thankfully the swedes have all given it the boot allowing a new progressive era to take place . 
  think what america could be if we followed sweden 's example . 
  instead we 're stuck in a gaping mindless right wing hole, 
  chrono cross has hands down the greatest games soundtrack of all time . 
  also check out the other square soundtracks ( ffx , kingdom hearts , chrono trigger ), 
  i second this as well . 
  combat really improved with the flowmotion aspect . 
  generally an rpg that is n't turnbased or strategy focused and focuses on action adventure style gameplay . 
  ## no atheists = no scientists = no future !!, 
  literally a scholar and sciencegentleman, 
  it was posted but op deleted it . 
  original thread is linked in halls of sagan though , just search walmart . 
  you nearly scared me for a second, 
  i did n't think the franchise even existed anymore . 
  they have n't been in chch for years, 
  it 's a pretty stupid abbreviation to be fair ... afaik is better known anyways . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  you have several non christian sources within the same century referring to christ , which is significant as christianity had n't grown to large numbers until the 2nd century . 
  to most people he was just a crucified jew with a growing popularity cult . 
  there were several cults that grew to almost the same number of followers as christianity in the 1st century in the roman empire and their leaders had as much written about them as jesus , or even less . 
  i know this source is coming from a christian website but it gives a good overview of the non christian sources referring to jesus, 
  [ meta ] i 've never met one either . 
  seems they 're a species native to reddit . 
  your username says otherwise sinner !!, 
  i certainly understand not believing in hell , especially the traditional view of it but why not heaven ? 
  it 's referred to in both testaments and it 's such a core belief of the faith that i find it hard to believe any christian would see it as a metaphor . 
  liar , lunatic and lord . 
  hail crazy allez !, 
  i guess i 'd define myself as a `` liberal christian '' but denominationally i do n't really know . 
  episcoplianism sounds quite nice and more liberal than the anglican equivalent we have over here . 
  my time on / r/christianity has helped me discover a whole world of christian viewpoints i had no idea about . 
  elements of orthodoxy especially the almost esoteric and mysterious way of viewing god appeal to me as does some of what i 've heard about quakerism . 
  i have n't really read into christian anarchism that much even though it 's the major view on sidehugs . 
  i grew up anglican and my mum has drifted to a more charismatic , evangelical christian lifestyle which does n't appeal to me at all . 
  i support gay marriage , accept evolution and do n't believe events in genesis were literal . 
  i still see myself as conservative in a few areas though at least relative to some of my fellow sidehuggers . 
  i still believe in the concept of hell as `` seperation from god '' but i 'm drifting towards annihilationism - where the soul is destroyed so the atheists that say `` your life ends and you just go into a whole in the ground '' will be right . 
  i ca n't quite accept universalism as it seems like cherry picking to me , but i know there are several verses that support the view . 
  i 'm quite lazy with church to be honest . 
  i found quite a good non denominational one but i do n't agree with a lot of their views , though the preaching is usually very good . 
  what would jesus drive ? 
  the religion is christlam, 
  the followers are christlums . 
  pushmo is the best game on the eshop, 
  well * of course * he had to pretend to be a fundie . 
  otherwise he 'd be persecuted ... wait ... um ... 
  ** hitler was christian !!!, 
  one visit to / r/magicskyfairy will show you why i 'm no longer subscribed . 
  i get my atheist fill here and in trueatheism . 
  yeah ... not really . 
  the 20th century has shown us states with state sanctioned atheism can be some of the most intolerant nations of all time . 
  saying that though any ideology could be twisted to support a nationalist agenda , including christianity many a times . 
  haha yeah ... right . 
  you know i could do the same thing . 
  `` monarchism wants that control so they ban any other religion . 
  it has zero to do with christianity !!! '', 
  when a country institutes state sanctioned atheism , destroying churches and killing believers it does not have zero to do with atheism , because it 's the ideology they 've twisted to use . 
  the same applies to any empire with a state sanctioned religion they twist to commit selfish , nationalistic acts with . 
  for someone who claims to be an agnostic atheist he sure does n't act like one . 
  so calling people `` delusional '' is n't insulting ? 
  super mario bros theme, 
  pokemon red/blue theme or pallet town, 
  one winged angel/final fantasy prelude, 
  metal gear solid theme,
