  the eu flag is ugly . 
  i 'd much rather have the union flag even if purely for aesthetic reasons . 
  it will be a sad day if our pm gets his wish to remove it on our flag . 
  i 'm starting to think at this point that gravity rush 2 will be going to ps4 . 
  it 's hands down my favourite vita game and probably my favourite exclusive in the last few years but like the latest tearaway it seems all the ips are moving to ps4 . 
  if it does go to ps4 i 'll probably get rid of my vita . 
  not really . 
  the resurgence came about last generation with indie development on 360/psn/steam . 
  it was at the beginning of last generation as the ps2 era finished that 3d platformers began to die down . 
  during the ps2 era jak and daxter , ratchet and clank and sly cooper were some of the most popular games , not to mention mario sunshine , blinx and the ms rare titles . 
  it 's a shame because titles like the precursor legacy , the original crash bandicoots and spyros are some of my favourite games . 
  it 's mostly just the mario titles now , along with ratchet and clank . 
  i 'm assuming because they have the shahada on it ? 
  is the queen expected to join al qaeda for employment after this ? 
  nobody should be showing any sympathy for chavez either . 
  he tanked his countries economy and sold out to cuba . 
  ask anyone on / r/venezuela , it 's the same nonsense that was peddled about gaddhafi caring for his citizens . 
  hi , your link is n't working for me . 
  yoghurt , feta , ouzo and philosophy . 
  i think it may have actually been the first, 
  this comic of remindings me of a cool song in turkish with the same words . 
  [ al hamdu lilah ] ( http://youtu.be/kqlwkzpqfbo?t=2m22s ), 
  get gravity rush . 
  it 's without a doubt my favourite vita game and you 'll love it if you 're into action games . 
  the country of macedonia was part of the largely slavic yugoslavia . 
  that 's why the official title is f.y.r.o.m ( former yugoslav republic of macedonia ) . 
  the region of ancient macedonia is split between greece , bulgaria and macedonia the country . 
  those figures are n't accurate are they ? 
  it 's very unlikely that there would be such a massive drop in murders over such a small timeframe . 
  * \\ #neverrrrrforget, 
  funny how no serious political party in the world supports your idea of dismantling borders and disregarding history . 
  people should care about both . 
  if your words do n't reflect your actions , then people will regard you as a hypocrite . 
  yes there are minor parties , but as you mention they have no chance of achieving any real power . 
  in that sense , they effectively are the ccp , even if they 're technically not . 
  you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the united states is not a fascist state and no amount of hyperbole will change that . 
  the blame lies more with yeltsin than gorbachev, 
  i changed mine to / u/oreography, 
  you realize they did have a female head of state ... 
  shame it will never be bankroyal 'd, 
  i agree . 
  i do n't like their scarve things . 
  it 's purely a fashion objection though , honestly !, 
  but anyone who wears them should probably be deported , by the ministry of ... fashion . 
  that was only one part of the south though . 
  i think it was more to do with culture and ethnicity than being sick of supporting the north . 
  the crusades never aimed to `` destroy every nation '' . 
  the main aim was to take back the formerly christian holy lands . 
  i 'm not doubting that the crusades were brutal and that crusaders intentionally killed muslims , jews and other christian sects . 
  their administration over former byzantine lands was incredibly destructive as well . 
  however , i do dispute / u/ineedscissorssixty7 's claim that the crusades sought to kill off every group of people . 
  that was n't the purpose of the major crusades . 
  yes they were christendom expansionists , that was the point . 
  to extend christian rule back to the former christian lands of the levant . 
  you ca n't fool me brother . 
  i 've heard horror tales about huntsmans , and that 's just in suburban sydney . 
  i might hate maf banning apples on flights but if it keeps the spiders and snakes away i 'm all for it . 
  bali is their cancun, 
  it appears both canada and new zealand have decorated him though , so i 'm not sure why abbott is getting such flack for it . 
  i suppose there 's a stronger republican camp in aus , but it seems so petty . 
  we did n't all turn out bad , but i think overall the portugese were probably the most benevolent colonialists . 
  you even had a brazilian emperor for a while . 
  tfw no portugese macao or goa :(, 
  until your comment i did n't actually think you had much in common with ~ ~ australia ~ ~ the western huempire but i guess i was wrong . 
  i know you can be a world power brazil . 
  you have the resources , you have the irresistible women for population growth . 
  you just need to build it bric by bric . 
  it would be nice if the west just straight out committed troops and got your war over and done with . 
  unless moscow then openly committed troops instead of guerilla forces , which i highly doubt they would do , it would all be over . 
  oh you got rid of them as well did you ? 
  we removed them under helen clark 's reign but reinstated them when key took power . 
  i agree , considering the circumstances it does n't look the best . 
  they do n't have `` 5000 years of history '' . 
  the idea that chinese civilization was five thousand years of continuous civilization like the ccp promotes is a myth . 
  what about the warring states period or period of the three kingdoms ? 
  there was no unified china at these times . 
  even then , the modern borders of china including xinjiang and tibet were only recent . 
  china does have an ancient civilization but the facts remain different to the party line . 
  is that why china has the world 's largest brain drain ? 
  it seems almost every academic who leaves for america or europe does n't come back . 
  nearly three quarters of international students do n't come back . 
  since the bulk of chinese students do n't want to return to their homeland , i very much doubt they end up being `` more patriotic '' . 
  it 's their election system and the electoral college in particular that causes the problems . 
  in new zealand we follow a `` mmp '' or mixed member proportional voting system that gives a greater chance of minority parties getting in . 
  although there are two main political parties , there are mps from seven different political parties sitting in the [ current parliament ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_zealand_general_election,_2014 ), 
  very salient point . 
  boko haram literally translates to `` western education is forbidden '' . 
  respect is earned erdogan, 
  i would hazard that in order to really be patriotic about your country , you would n't willingly leave it unless the circumstances are special e.g you had to for a job or you had a diplomatic post . 
  i do n't doubt overseas chinese have great pride in their country , but their unwillingless to live there is telling . 
  do n't think i 'm being particularly harsh on china , they 've made incredible strides in all areas and moreso than the west , but the brain drain is a real problem the central government needs to address . 
  [ do n't forget the super original european anthem !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo_-kobibg0 ), 
  atheism , gun control , open borders and big government . 
  something tells me the us was n't planning on following their lead anyways ... 
  who would ban french cheese ? 
  that 's like banning russian vodka . 
  i love some of your more expensive brie 's . 
  cut a croissant in two and melt them in the middle .
