  i personally do n't think the aim of children 's video game 's is to preach a message . 
  to demand that a social message be included in a media designed primarily as entertainment is a battle that can be better spent elsewhere . 
  the real fight is in the courtrooms and to a homophobic adult public , not in children 's video games . 
  condemning someone for not doing something is a poor argument . 
  should pokemon receive criticism for not acknowledging trans * people in gender choices as well ? 
  there 's really only so far that you can go . 
  there has already been a significant culture change within the past generation in regards to gsm issues . 
  the children growing up now will be taught by parents , teachers and society at large that there is nothing wrong with homosexuality . 
  to demand that the message be included everywhere and condemning media that does n't include it when it 's barely even related to the aim of the media , seems like overkill to me . 
  whether something is `` normal '' or not has no impact on its morality . 
  however , `` normal '' represents what the majority of people do . 
  i have no issue with homosexuality , but arguing that it 's `` normal '' is just pedantry . 
  the concepts of normality or abnormality do not represent morality . 
  flawless thesis good sir 10/10, 
  ## this, 
  fundies are all creationists because they ca n't science . 
  if fundies could science they would n't believe in god . 
  therefore fundies ca n't science . 
  not really . 
  the mainland government has no say in the domestic policies of hong kong , only international relations and defense . 
  hong kong has its own government responsible for local affairs , as well as its own police force , currency , olympic team , passports , separete official languages etc. 
  it 's effectively a country within a country . 
  not to mention the whole culture is different due to years of british rule , so it 's not really surprising they differentiate themselvse . 
  mainland china has a bigger inferiority complex than hong kong . 
  everything they 're doing across asia currently is an attempt to regain the prestige they lost over the past two centuries . 
  oh and china is so much better . 
  look and the number of ethnic slurs they have http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_the_people%27s_republic_of_china#ethnic_slurs, 
  let 's not mention the numerous accounts of non white english teachers receiving lower salaries and reports of racist treatment of locals in africa . 
  racism is far from limited to hong kong and i would say is a far bigger problem in china . 
  hong kong is quite multicultural compared to most chinese cities outside of shanghai + beijing . 
  they 've learnt to accept their population of indians and japanese , not to mention caucasians . 
  what do you think the attitude to foreigners is like in lower tier cities in provinces like guangdong or zhejiang ? 
  i would wager not so nice . 
  those that go on / r/magicskyfairy are already lost souls . 
  we must focus on / r/atheismrebooted , they already hate muslims and other heretics as much as we do . 
  let 's also not delude ourselves into thinking the numbers are anywhere near that of pc games being pirated . 
  i was n't disputing that , however the barriers preventing piracy are much lower on consoles since they are closed systems by default . 
  from everything i 've read , that 's unfortunately the way things seem to be going . 
  in beijing 's view , hong kong should conform to their values and not the reverse . 
  more and more mainland chinese are coming to the city as well , expecting things to be largely the same as elsewhere in china . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i would say us movies and television have probably had the strongest effect on normalizing homosexuality around the world . 
  the system was originally designed for taiwan after all . 
  mainland government will bring harmony and prosperity to xiangang !, 
  thank you for your science / u/aeratemark, 
  who is the `` we '' you 're referring to ? 
  is it the same group that posted pictures of a fucking zelda cake someone 's girlfriend made , a quote from some superhero movie or a gif of this sites celebrity of the month ? 
  maybe the same group with pun threads and bad programming jokes that everyone pretended to like , knowing they could get upvotes for them . 
  just because reddit is appealing to a broader demographic now , does n't mean the content has gotten worse . 
  reddit has always been a home for low effort , low quality content and pretending otherwise is just naive . 
  i prefer this stuff as it speaks to the human experience far more than neil degrasse tysons latest tweet , superimposed on a picture of the milky way . 
  stupid people and their stupid happiness , fuck that . 
  where are my pornstar gifs ? 
  given that you ca n't unlock a new 360 or ps3 without hardware modification , i highly doubt that . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of stores offering to do it to your console though , i saw a few in hong kong . 
  we only have so many one click maymays here . 
  braveryjerk must be truly enlightened . 
  you forgot reading the bible , friend . 
  in your view did n't people come up with religion collectively ? 
  since there was no actual divine reason for it propogating , surely religion is just another symptom of human tribalism . 
  people adopt views collectively all the time . 
  just look into the psychological research on mob mentality . 
  very quickly ideas can propogate and become popular among groups , regardless of what the catalyst is, 
  i heard used chewing gum and unwrapped presents as well ... 
  he deleted his account ? 
  i saw a couple deleted posts on this board recently , perhaps they 're all by the same guy ? 
  fuck you thatcher . 
  fuck you deng xiaopeng . 
  fuck you for signing away the future of the greatest city in the world to one of mediocrity and harmonization . 
  well there was farmland and factories before it was decided to rely upon the mainland for all food products and goods . 
  there was also a desalination plant so we did n't have to rely on them for the water supply . 
  hong kong could n't have been self sufficient in agree , but it could have been far less reliant on mainland china than it is now . 
  falun gong is a major problem in hong kong ? 
  i 'd say the mainland sponsored group putting up huge banners by the star ferry and harassing them are a bigger issue . 
  i think you 've drunk the harmonious kool aid . 
  the biggest problem is that legco as a whole is a sham as any important decisions are rigged i 'm favor of the central government . 
  the problem is having less autonomy , not more . 
  they already have an army base there . 
  during the handover you see footage of the chinese army rolling in . 
  if they truly made an informed decision then celebrity pulling power would n't change a thing . 
  no proof of that though, 
  with the amount of vitirol on both sides of the argument , i do n't even know who 's trolling and who 's earnest . 
  do people still care about steamos ? 
  at this point it 's just a custom windows wrapper . 
  right but the `` steam machines '' running steam os seem to be primarily running windows . 
  are you crazy ? 
  who would buy a steam machine if they can only play a handful of indie games . 
  all the proposed steam machines i 've seen are dual booting windows , hence the `` windows wrapper '' comment . 
  atheism is true, 
  climate change is true, 
  therefore they are both the same . 
  that 's called ** logic ** by the way . 
  well for one thing , those shopping retail are going to be very dissapointed by the vita selection . 
  parents considering buying a handheld for their kids are going to look at the dismal game selection in the store and go with the 3ds instead . 
  lol at them waving flags . 
  such patriots , protesting that they ca n't leave their country indefinitely . 
  what kind of bird is a vagina ? 
  when what you say are self proclaimed facts , you do n't need to justify them . 
  the burden of proof is on the person disagreeing with me . 
  200 actually .
