  i had one and found it was too bulky to be a tablet and too small to be a laptop . 
  the 3 is the much better solution , barring the pen . 
  use firefox instead then . 
  it handles touch input so so much better than chrome . 
  i use a combination of metro ie and firefox on the surface . 
  my favourite apps are : sketchbook express , drawboard pdf , cover and hyper for youtube . 
  do n't forget the tv license . 
  here you are http://www.telegraph.co.uk/motoring/green-motoring/11184799/londons-electric-car-infrastructure-falling-into-ruin.html, 
  ie has better battery life i believe . 
  i do n't think firefox is great , possibly slightly better than chrome but it works far better on the surface . 
  i 've heard if you disable anti malware scanning in chrome settings it improves the battery life . 
  a potential housing bubble and prices being driven up for the locals . 
  it seems really odd that a reddit app would be preloaded onto a phone, 
  so brave, 
  i 'd much rather have the koru than the silver fern . 
  it blends better with the other visual elements . 
  turtles are strong but they ca n't beat tonka trucks ^ tm, 
  one might say we 're enlightened by it, 
  i '' m in nz so diameter has a lower ping . 
  about half and half at the moment . 
  hahaha . 
  dream on if you honestly think talk of leaving the eu is going to disappear . 
  they are an authoritarian regime . 
  do you have any idea what kind of travel and economic restrictions the regime has placed on their citizens . 
  just because they 're `` socialist ' does n't mean they follow the scandinavian model , people can barely even get by in venezuela now and the crime rate has soared . 
  that sounds like the rare exception . 
  the welsh are a lot more favourable to the english than the scots . 
  `` growing '' from nothing you mean ? 
  it 's not opposition to german or scandinavian immigration , it 's opposition towards bulgarian and other eastern european countries with terrible gdps . 
  the us is really tight on visas , and since it 's reciprocal they only accept canadians . 
  his metaphors are as subtle as your insults . 
  the problem is that your church culture is n't representative of most churches cultures . 
  the solution is fairly simple , find a new church . 
  [ i do n't know if this counts as blasphemy , but it 's definitely relevant ] ( http://thejesusquestion.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/mickey-mouse-sermon-on-the-mount_alexander-savich.jpg ), 
  nhk is pretty good too i think, 
  it 's definitely an issue with the server in general . 
  diu diu diu, 
  what about ? 
  what about ? 
  what about ? 
  what about ? 
  what about you confront the actual argument instead of trying to deflect all criticism of the ccp as american propoganda . 
  hey vin !, 
  strongly disagree . 
  it 's one of the best platformers of the last gen. 
  i always choose custom install on every `` free '' software download for this reason . 
  still worth a visit every once in a while, 
  gamefaqs is still useful for console save files . 
  you poor soul, 
  it did n't have 5000 years of leadership, 
  it 's very rare that i 've seen anyone pull it off though , with people in defense hovering near the score . 
  usually they 'll crash into someone there and wo n't have a perfect run . 
  justifiable i reckon , it 's just plain arrogance . 
  i 'm still annoyed at a team mate at the start of a 2 vs 1 match who killed me as i was hovering near the goal though . 
  i was waiting for the teams to be even and i do n't know if he thought i was showboating but slammed me into a spike and cost us the point . 
  i much prefer the drop down menu in touchwiz to stock, 
  that 's odd . 
  i posted it when it was live but he obviously thought he was n't getting enough for it so closed the auction . 
  that was quick, 
  i think the game rentals will still garner some subscriptions , particularly since the next gen consoles have n't been hacked . 
  i would love ff 15 to be on pc , but i 'm not going to get my hopes up . 
  maybe 5 years later like with 13s release . 
  i 've never even seen a weta in the flesh :(, 
  why did they have to pick a red quad bike . 
  any colour but red for gods sake !, 
  no , go to the dodgy moneylender in the back alley . 
  seriously , the bank . 
  look on xe.com and check the rates for the month to see if they 're relatively low or high . 
  in some places overseas it is actually cheaper to go to the moneylender on the street though . 
  not that surprising , given that they 've had to sort multiplayer out for multiple games . 
  i 'm sure with a title of this size they 'll have it sorted out in a month though . 
  i do n't think that it 's water they 're under, 
  there is so much power in our clicks * sniff *, 
  he 's saying that because islam is a universal religion , it is n't limited to a persons race unlike an ethnocentric religion like judaism . 
  therefore opposing islam is n't being racist , it 's being xenophobic . 
  i really vaguely remember going to the first toy story , mostly just waiting at the candy bar and getting that pig piggybank toy . 
  i was three at the time i think . 
  i have vivid memories of going to the cinema to see toy story 2 , tarzan and the lion king 2 though . 
  it was a really memorable film as a kid , i would have been six when i saw it . 
  the montage where tarzan becomes an adult and phil collins is singing definitely stuck with me . 
  are n't they a little far apart ? 
  get off my lawn, 
  why , it 's a good film . 
  oh man , my dad who hated kids movies took me to pokemon 2000 . 
  even i - a huge pokemon fan , cringed during the songs . 
  unsurprisingly we never went to a kids film again . 
  were you pieds-noir ? 
  no in new zealand they had it in cinemas, 
  leave sonic alone !!!, 
  got ta go cry now, 
  it seems everyone hates mb . 
  last game i played with him everyone wanted to report him . 
  ioh right . 
  i mean the user who was in your video, 
  remember folks we 've got to blame the jooz , no matter how small the link is . 
  for fuck 's sake / r/australia . 
  from an outside observer 's perspective , it 's hardly surprising people voted for abbott given the way you all whinge . 
  i 'd love to see some sources, 
  it 's part of ireland but not the republic of ireland . 
  ireland refers to the island as well as the country .
