  just a warning to the op that this is a joke . 
  these are the dead hearts of new zealand , worse than chch the day after the quake . 
  you 're probably right , ideally though get them from a waterfront town , so you know the fish is fresh . 
  akaroa near christchurch has some of the best , but i imagine any place by the sea would do them very well . 
  bay of islands is a must up north . 
  there are a few nice islands in the auckland harbour/hauraki golf like waiheke , where the rich aucklanders all have homes, 
  haha that 's brilliant !, 
  this is a big deal man !!, 
  a big deal !!, 
  just out of ignorance , what other planets have the same conditions conducive to life ? 
  surely if they were as habitable as earth then there would already be life there, 
  just out of ignorance , what other planets have the same conditions conducive to life ? 
  surely if they were as habitable as earth then there would already be life there, 
  i do n't think the person/people that wrote genesis had sufficient knowledge to understand evolution , even if god did reveal it to them . 
  if it 's god 's word transcribed by man , he 's bound to make mistakes , especially if he 's more primitive than what we are today . 
  also , when genesis was written it had probably been passed down for years beforehand , details had been lost etc, 
  i do n't think the person/people that wrote genesis had sufficient knowledge to understand evolution , even if god did reveal it to them . 
  if it 's god 's word transcribed by man , he 's bound to make mistakes , especially if he 's more primitive than what we are today . 
  also , when genesis was written it had probably been passed down for years beforehand , details had been lost etc, 
  the bible is 66 books , i 'm saying the genesis account is n't perfectly credible which many christians agree with . 
  genesis is said to have been written at least 1000 years bc , probably tens to hundreds of thousands of years after humans truly developed . 
  the earliest gospel account ( the most important part of our faith ) that was included in our bible , not necessarily the earliest that was written , was written at earliest 40-50 years ad and at latest little over 100 years ad . 
  this by it 's dating alone would make it more accurate than genesis , and so would make it more credible as a historical source in terms of its age . 
  it 's about as ironic as jesus in r/atheism is n't it ? 
  i was already on a plan that cost $ 60 , for 40 gigs data + unlimited hours between 2 and 8 in the morning . 
  we 've been with them for at least 2 years, 
  who are you with ? 
  i 've never had any problems with them, 
  i 'm sure he meant the spiritual side of things . 
  even if you 're atheist you can appreciate the historical climate the verses evoke . 
  god killed everybody ? 
  did i mess the memo ? 
  josephus is one of the better historical sources, 
  honestly , i find this impossible to believe . 
  you could sue them , and yet they willingly threw you out . 
  unless you were being dicks , surely they would n't have thrown you out for no reason . 
  is he willing to solve all your problems ? 
  then he is a babysitter, 
  when you look at the problems in africa , the problems are all rooted in colonial history + post independance politics . 
  god did n't create africa as a hell hole , it 's a beautiful continent . 
  all the terrible problems are man made . 
  you ca n't blame god for a problem that he did n't create . 
  if humans have capacity to create the situation , why would we not have the capability to fix it ? 
  the entire idea that god will intervene on such a large scale defies the idea of free will . 
  if humans created the problem , why should god solve it ? 
  i know this does n't exactly sound like what a loving god would do , but let 's examine what would happen if he truly did supernaturally intervene and create food for everyone . 
  yes it would be wonderful , children would n't starve to death , however he 'd essentially be a cosmic babysitter . 
  africa would become dependant on god dishing out his miracle crops every year . 
  as a christian i do believe that god does do miracles if they 're prayed for , but not those that would overwrite our free will . 
  so yes , when you say ` could n't god at least give them a sandwich ' i believe he often will give enough food to survive to those who earnestly prayed for it . 
  but a large scale miracle crop would overwrite our freedoms , by making us slaves to gods actions . 
  it would also make us lazy , as we 'd expect god to intervene in every little manner of our lives , even if it 's not in his plan for us . 
  poverty in africa stands out as a glaring failure of the wests desire for mineral wealth and inaction for intervention . 
  no christian claims that this is a perfect world , but the problems in africa are possible to solve if the world acted as one . 
  how can you remove evil/selfishness/ambition from someones heart while retaining free will ? 
  this was the entire point of the garden of eden analogy . 
  things were perfect at first , man was living in perfection and love with god . 
  then the metaphorical apple was bitten , and over hundreds or even thousands of years man began to sin more and more . 
  god gave us a conscience , the thing that sets us apart from the rest of the animal kingdom , and the one thing that gives us true sentience . 
  i know that a world without evil would be a great thing , but man has always had the ability to commit evil since we know the difference between right and wrong . 
  what is one without the other ? 
  if we truly chose a world without evil , we would have a world without choices . 
  regarding jesus sacrifice , i have often wondered about why he would send his son to die , instead of sending some kind of supernatural wave of forgiveness across the universe . 
  but then i thought about jesus message , and realized the entire christian walk is meant to be about humility , turning the other cheek and all that . 
  as long as you recognize jesus as god , then it becomes much clearer . 
  i do n't think you could dispute jesus lived a humble life when he was on this earth , and that was the crux of it . 
  god himself became the example we are to live by , and humbled himself so much that he even died for a creation that had largely abandoned his principles . 
  it was n't merely jesus blood that was sacrificed ( which seems such a disgusting thing to us today , but was the norm in every civilization on the earth ) it was the idea of god being distant and all judging , it was god 's very essence that died and rose again . 
  i will , how about you try to create a drug to regrow limbs . 
  ca n't do it ? 
  then science does n't work !, 
  if you take the idea that one person will cause god to accomplish a miracle , then why should n't i take the view of science . 
  yes , perhaps overtime man will find a cure , and perhaps over time god may intervene . 
  but it 's unlikely to happen instantly , or by one man now is it ? 
  does n't matter , still fapped . 
  does n't matter , still fapped . 
  * le ftfy, 
  * le ftfy, 
  did you know hitler belived in the jesus fairytale ? 
  take that theists !, 
  seriously ? 
  you know if your account was hacked it would all be gone, 
  god created good , but gave us the ability to do evil . 
  if we could n't choose to do evil or make mistakes then we would n't really be human . 
  perhaps you should tell your mother abut how you 're no longer under old testament law . 
  explain how homosexuality was misunderstood at the time , and how when men slept with men they never had a meaningful relationship , but a hedonistic one night stand . 
  i 'm a little unsure about this . 
  do n't most religions take a stance against suicide , is n't it taking of a life ? 
  i know that if you accept jesus you 're guaranteed heaven , but it sounds like you were hoping for hell . 
  how does that work ? 
  mirror mirror on the wall, 
  who has the fairest flair of them all ? 
  fuck off traitor !, 
  no i 'm not . 
  what i was refuting was your simplistic argument against prayer . 
  for me to pray limbs on an amputee , and then expect results instantly . 
  i compared it to finding a cure for limbs for an amputee , because both things seem impossibly hard , though with time and earnestly seeking results they may happen . 
  facial hair is n't the thing that defines being human though , plenty of other animals have it . 
  the ` ability to do bad ' does n't make us human , but it 's what relates to that ability that does . 
  animals do n't have a conscience , they do n't know whether things are right or wrong , man does .
