  i bought a sampler pack and did n't think so highly of them, 
  `` internationally renowned '', 
  feeling posh are we ? 
  the brewery in woolston has a very nice apa . 
  it 's my le cake day . 
  pls upvote this post ( you know who you are ), 
  50 % tax rate, 
  that does n't mean we as a society should approve of them doing so . 
  some are drinking alcohol at that age , does it mean we should lower the alcohol limit to cater for a minority ? 
  on the contrary , i think america is becoming less isolated , particularly in asia where china is becoming more aggressive . 
  the philippines are reopening older us army bases , vietnam is looking for the us as a defence partner and japan recently extended their defence capabilities under the approval of the us . 
  not to mention poland , estonia and much of eastern europe calling for more us troops after the situation in ukraine . 
  when russia and china are both threatening their neighbours , those neighbours are increasingly looking for american military support . 
  looks like a camel, 
  not entirely . 
  canada does n't have mmp so the vote count is less proportional . 
  there 's definitely an issue with labour and greens splitting the vote , but nz first and the conservatives definitely took away a lot of potential national votes . 
  ca n't wait to vote for boris in the generals !, 
  fuck you , you hate gay people . 
  i downvoted your fucking bigoted ass because i 'm for equality of atheists and homosexuals . 
  why should we listen to the morality of goat herders , you should all be locked up and sent to the vatican . 
  there were potential national votes that were split to new zealand first and the conservatives , just like there were on the left leaning parties . 
  do n't worry , they 're taking their wasted votes and buttfrustration out on you . 
  breathe it in , the smell of sweaty neck hair and crushed idealism . 
  neither china nor south korea would benefit from millions of north korean refugees . 
  the status quo works for both of them at the moment, 
  so brave, 
  hotels in the less expensive/lower tier cities like kunming are around $ 50 so that may even be a feasible option . 
  most expensive place to stay is definitely hong kong . 
  if you want to do it on the cheap a hostel is the only option there . 
  how does it feel knowing your facebook shares and angry rants are literally destroying an institution as old as humanity ? 
  not really the `` democraciest '' . 
  i would point to switzerland , the scandinavian countries and new zealand as offering more representative democracies . 
  there are minor parties in each of these countries gaining seats , which offer another choice from the mainstream candidates . 
  so brave, 
  upscienced m ` good sir . 
  not if she 's incapacitated/mentally unable , she ca n't do so and whoever has poa makes the decision . 
  if the person who 's poa does n't really care about her wellbeing and is only after the money , they 'll obviously choose to euthanize the patient , even if it 's not their wish . 
  the court that will convict you of manslaughter probably, 
  progress = killing people . 
  that 's not true . 
  the biggest protests they ever had were in protest of tianamen in 89 , which while under british rule was solely for opposing the actions of the chinese government . 
  the second largest they ever had were in 2003 when under chinese sovereignty , the local government sought to enact article 23 , an `` anti subversion law '' that would reduce their political freedoms and right of assembly . 
  500,000 people turned out to protests . 
  it 's fair that they did have the riots of 67 which were huge under british rule and things were far from perfect under the british , but the facts remain that locals have become ever more discontent under china meddling with hong kong and so protests have become larger and more frequent . 
  `` one country , two cisterns '', 
  i would have gotten away with it , if it was n't for those meddling hong kong kids . 
  well that 's certainly a nicer way to phrase it . 
  who does n't want choice ? 
  ^ ^ of ^ ^ killing ^ ^ someone, 
  inventing one of the world 's most used programming languages is a major achievement . 
  he tried that during the debates but was labelled as `` interrupting cunliffe '', 
  that is n't even an absolute statement . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes however , is ironically an absolute statement, 
  of course . 
  i doubt any population group has over 50 % criminals , that would be insane . 
  however they still do have a larger percentage than other races . 
  denying the evidence and calling it `` racist '' does n't help solve the problem , flavell should focus his efforts on eliminating poverty , drugs and gang membership which is where the roots of the problem lie . 
  how about personal preference , or does that make one a bigot as well ? 
  m ` lady, 
  i hope one day we can have american soldiers permanently stationed in new zealand to better protect us from terrorism , ebola and the chinese ; collectively forming the axis of evil . 
  i can only dream though ... 
  i 'd suggest bivouac like the other poster here or kathmandu when they have a sale . 
  fellowship is an important part of the christian faith . 
  it 's not necessarily about preaching or trying to force a christian message in games that do n't have one , it 's just another avenue where believers can get together as a community to share their experiences and have fun . 
  also i 'd wager there probably is n't xbox live level insults thrown out in a christian gaming group . 
  who says their mutually exclusive ? 
  you 're the only person making that distinction . 
  a large part of it was that the solidarity movement , which was a catalyst for poland 's independence had john paul 2 as a figurehead . 
  it 's not like they have a voice anyways ... 
  you 're a disgusting human being and your language is offensive to minorities , poc and chinese . 
  using the label `` rainy '' to stereotype all asian womyn , that is not okay . 
  mods pls ban this user . 
  shadowfagged pls , i used `` womyn '' how could you even think i was serious ? 
  ( rim ) looks like ( rip ) there, 
  i doubt it . 
  not at the stage they partnered with microsoft , it was already too late . 
  look at htc , sony and every other old manufacturer on android . 
  they 're all barely turning a profit since android is far from a guarantee of success . 
  the only company 's that 's dominating through android is samsung . 
  it does n't require bluetooth for normal use right ? 
  i 'm considering upgrading from the sp2 as it 's too bulky and the touchpad is awful , so i just want to confirm that . 
  the loss of a wacom pen is the only issue i have with the 3 . 
  thanks for confirming that . 
  i believe i 'll upgrade soon . 
  are you talking about in terms of living or travelling ? 
  most people would say that hong kong and taiwan are definitely more western and more developed than the mainland ( though shanghai/tier 1 cities can be similar ) . 
  hong kongers ( and probably taiwanese ) would say they are more civilized with people queuing , not eating on public transport , less litter and but take that with a grain of salt as there 's definitely anti-mainland feelings in both countries . 
  i 'm planning on moving to hong kong two years time . 
  what i loved about it was the energy and excitement of the place , as well as the people . 
  there will definitely be a greater language barrier in the other two if you do n't speak chinese , most people in hong kong can at least hold a basic english conversation . 
  there are also language differences between all three , not to mention the mainland having several major languages as well . 
  if you mean for travelling there 's far more to see in the mainland , with rural areas , pandas , history , mountains and a wider variety of food culture . 
  there 's sun moon lake and rural areas in taiwan as well but like hong kong it 's much smaller . 
  if you want a higher quality city/shopping trip and gain a taste of chinese culture i would suggest visiting hong kong . 
  if you want to see china , then go to china ( ie the mainland ) . 
  in terms moving or living there , hong kong or taiwan both have a higher living standard than the mainland . 
  really , your question is n't that simple to answer . 
  it really depends what you 're looking for . 
  oh fuck off with your loaded titles already,
