  i 'd say , if you really are a gay man do n't bother marrying ( a woman ) and vice-versa . 
  leaving a wife/husband after so long really hurts, 
  as a christian i agree 100 % with this statement . 
  i do n't think any creationist would believe that all branches of science are flawed , they embrace new technological devices like podcasts and the internet to get their message out . 
  rather , it 's any branch that attempts to refute the existance of god ... and for the fundies , those that refute the earth is n't 6000 years old ( sigh ), 
  you know that ` okay ' is really code for something else do n't you ? 
  that `` okay '' really means `` i hate your godless guts . '', 
  no matter how complacent they might seem , they 're bottling it up inside . 
  smash a window on your dads car , and we 'll see who 's tolerant then !, 
  `` nigger stole my popsicle '' - louis c. sagan, 
  how dare you insult my beliefs , i 'm an atheist !, 
  funny how you 're downvoted . 
  aside from pokemon as a kid , i 've never spent over 100 hours on a game , ever . 
  until they make a kick ass single player game , where every moment is incredible , that takes at least 100 hours , then it 's not going to happen . 
  the point is though that it was in one day ... in the space of a few hours that the wtc attacks happened . 
  the bubonic plague happened over several years . 
  this is why 9/11 , pear harbour , hiroshima etc are all largely remembered , because the huge death toll occured in such a short space of time . 
  i know but still 100 hours is a lot to play . 
  even if it is a great multiplayer game , there are so many other great games you could be spending your time on . 
  would never have happened if valve owned the world, 
  i heard it was 911 trillion lol !, 
  guys , i meet your standards right ? 
  god ... if i lose my reddit status i do n't know what i 'd do . 
  i agree . 
  it 's just a semantic issue rather than a religious one, 
  seriously ? 
  if he created the universe he 'd be beyond the laws of nature and the realm of time . 
  and you were an extra in firefly ? 
  you sir are a gentleman and a redditor, 
  jews complain in israel where they have a majority , hindus complain in india . 
  obama seemed good in 08 , not so much in 2012 . 
  if i was american i 'd vote for paul in a heartbeat, 
  i do n't believe in ghosts , i believe in ron paul . 
  people do n't need a booth to pray in surely ? 
  yeah , that was me . 
  i played it once at my local church . 
  look at it from his point of view : he believes that you will experience eternal torment in hell if you are n't saved , and because he seems to genuinely feel for you , he desperately wants you to be saved as well . 
  since life on earth is just a glimpse for christians , he is adamant that you believe what he believes , since he believes you will suffer the consequences if you do n't . 
  this is why it 's impossible for him to accept anything otherwise, 
  you should have intercourse with every woman ? 
  is n't that a little hard , there 's like 4 billion of them, 
  le upvote ... button broken . 
  `` fuck all '', 
  upvote all the things !!, 
  have n't you heard , they have rights now ? 
  it 's been centuries since the great wars, 
  svalbard looks really cool . 
  i hope to go someday, 
  you got my upvote at least, 
  til jesus = chicken wings, 
  he was drunk . 
  drunk people do stupid things, 
  is that you god ? 
  nope , chuck testa !!!, 
  lol , guys it 's our own meme !!!, 
  upvotes to the left, 
  dunno ... maybe firefox . 
  seems to me this might as well be called r/loseyourfaith, 
  jesus hates religion ? 
  wow , it must suck then . 
  i do n't know , some members of r/atheism hacked into r/catholic so i really would n't know, 
  aww little mr atheist does n't like what he said, 
  til : all the things, 
  not sure if serious , or just black, 
  people are gay , just get over it . 
  the bible was written by fallible men and at its core is jesus 's message of love . 
  have you met many gay people ? 
  i know that none of them would ever wish to be gay ... they 've tried being straight and they just ca n't do it . 
  personally i do n't think a lifetime of sexual confusion would be gods plan , do you ? 
  wow . 
  really ? 
  god does n't exist ? 
  that 's it , i 'm through with christianity . 
  thank you sir for showing me the real truth . 
  honestly , what do you think you 'll accomplish with a statement like that ? 
  make a mushroom sauce with cream and butter . 
  tastes amazing on a steak, 
  i personally do n't believe that you have to be christian to continually do good . 
  however believing in what christ taught gives you more of an incentive to do good , than to go at it alone . 
  a lot of the time i feel selfish , and ca n't be bothered helping others ... but then i remember why i 'm doing it . 
  in the end it 's not about me , and i should give what i have to those to need it . 
  joe loved me so much that he died for me ? 
  even if he was angry before , that 's pretty impressive stuff . 
  they forgot about dre, 
  atheists are welcome here , but rude ones are n't . 
  if i went over to r/atheism and called you godless heathens or called what you believed nonsense , then you would be offended as well . 
  it 's possible , but seems very unlikely considering putins unsaintly actions . 
  also for a christian sect to believe in reincarnation , is n't exactly biblically based . 
  have you done anything since prayer is so useless ? 
  i was unaware this was taking place . 
  thank you , i will be praying for them . 
  they all agree on the central basis of christianity . 
  that jesus christ lived a perfect life , died for their sins and rose again - and they should try to be like him . 
  however it 's all the other details that they get worked up about, 
  yep , but as you know they 're hypocrites . 
  anybody putting on a holier than thou mentality , does n't go down well in my books, 
  your first in before is the truth , so how can one put in a valid argument , if you 're wanting to exclude it ? 
  i know it seems hard to believe , but santa is n't actually the basis for christmas, 
  well , it is a difficult issue . 
  it always seems to me , that god in the new testament had a personality change , and jesus with his message of peace and love can seem so distant from what had been depicted before .
