  jesus divinity is almost all a question of faith , however i thought you were questioning whether the man jesus existed which is quite obviously true when piecing all the information together . 
  interesting quote from judas 's gospel . 
  i 'm not very familiar with the gnostic texts but are n't they even older than the canonical gospels ? 
  this is why the euro is so dangerous . 
  when one country goes down they all get affected , and because they do n't control the currency greece can ; t make laws by themselves to fix the debt without getting approval from other eu countries . 
  says the guy that 's got ` hit ' in his name omg pwnage logicbomb !!, 
  selflessness is n't an ` evolved ' trait . 
  how does evolution explain charity - giving away your own earned money for helping others . 
  surely the naturalistic belief would be to hoard all you earn , purely for the benefit of yourself , no ? 
  some aspects of morality are tied to our need to grow as a species - not killing obviously but why not stealing ? 
  other animals will steal another groups kill if it 's available or steal food from within their own species purely because it 's the self that drives them . 
  a society that is based on it 's evolutionary functions would be selfish and heartless . 
  this is why science is n't seen as the bringer of morality , its role is only to explain the world around us not to provide ethics or as a source of morality . 
  these have all come from philosophy , law and religion . 
  what translation are you using ? 
  he has n't seen cosmos you idiot . 
  he 's catholic . 
  we are individuals !, 
  look at our ~ ~ karma ~ ~ faces !, 
  just uninstall it . 
  it 's the only way . 
  just cause 2 . 
  so damn addictive expecially with the pc mods . 
  same here . 
  it was so short i sort of discounted it for a game you had to finish , but it really was addictive . 
  by jesus christ you mean ron paul right . 
  all those who fail to see the light of sound money shall perish in the fires of high taxation . 
  if you 're well off then do you best to care for your fellow man . 
  we may never know why pain comes to some and pleasure to others , we can only make the best of what we 're given . 
  as a professor of atheist history at the university of sagan , my studies have concluded that the dark ages ended when all of europe became atheist in 1500 . 
  once the oppressive chains of religion were gone , brave atheists like newton , gallileo , copernicus and mendel could openly profess their brave disbelief through science . 
  your logic is irrefutable . 
  who am i to have followed a silly old jew teaching love and kindness ? 
  no , i shall mock every believer with rage from the comfort of my now cum stained laptop . 
  thank you friend . 
  may sagan be with you always . 
  in b4 dubz, 
  pshh , american . 
  swedes do n't make money , they 're given literally millions by the government . 
  the only requirement is to clock at least one video game a week and be an atheist . 
  it 's not a scam , however the organization behind it are both misleading and misguided . 
  firstly , invisible children spends more on promoting their organization than actually sending money to sub saharan africa . 
  secondly , joseph kony is no longer in uganda . 
  this means that the us troops stationed there to help train the ugandan army , and obviously the ugandan army themselves have no jurisdiction in the drc , where i believe he currently is . 
  kingdom hearts was pretty special when i played it round 12 . 
  the soundtrack ( dearly beloved , destiny islands , hikari and passion orchestral ! ), 
  but also some of the cheesy writing seemed really sweet . 
  i especially remember the poem in the first game, 
  ` thinking of you , wherever you are . 
  we pray for our sorrows to end ,, 
  and hope that our hearts will blend . 
  now i will step forward to realize this wish . 
  and who knows :, 
  starting a new journey may not be so hard ,, 
  or maybe it has already begun . 
  there are many worlds ,, 
  but they share the same sky -, 
  one sky , one destiny . ', 
  probably not since one is on ps2 and the other 's on ds . 
  there is a wii port of the ps2 version that probably has better support for more modern tvs ( might be 480p ? ), 
  nice to see another kiwi on this subreddit , 
  tell her you love her , that 's all that matters . 
  it 's sort of like not collecting stamps . 
  omg , atheism is n't a religion loser ! . by the way , has anyone got spare tickets for reason rally ? 
  i really want to go , but i 'm too ~ ~ poor ~ ~ ~ ~ insecure ~ ~ persecuted, 
  k-pony for vp , paul for prez 5eva !, 
  if you 're an artisan i would suggest nelson/golden bay area . 
  it 's up the top of the south island , gets some of the nicest weather and has a huge artisan scene . 
  a lot of hippies moved up there in the late 60s and stayed to create great artwork , ceramics etc. 
  nelson also has a nice beach area called tahunanui , and the golden bay area is famed for its beautiful beaches . 
  man i miss quentin 's pies , still the nicest pastry i 've ever tried . 
  omg , a swedish person . 
  take me with you !!!, 
  do n't forget to take his karma as you slit his throat . 
  if you were born an atheist , you were also born someone who does n't believe in gravity , someone who does n't believe in evolution and someone who does n't believe that flies exist . 
  you can only take a side on something until you 're introduced to the idea . 
  in order for you to be an atheist and not believe in god , you first need to be introduced to the concept of god . 
  pretty sure joseph smith , guru nanak and other later religious figures were n't ` illiterate cavemen ' and knew the basics of the natural world . 
  your other claim is impossible to prove as the idea of god is so entrenched in our modern society that everyone knows about it . 
  nobody goes their whole life without god being mentioned , so its simply unprovable . 
  differences are n't justification for war , true . 
  most things that cause war are n't a good justification , but wars happen anyways . 
  religion is a great power tool sure , but world leaders can always find other ways to motivate wars . 
  extreme nationalism/fascism offer similar promises to religious wars . 
  when you come home from fighting you will be hailed as a hero , your country is the greatest country in the world - no other nation comes close or is right about what they claim , if you die your legacy will live on forever etc. 
  we can not expect to stop the horrors of the world by removing religion as the real root of the problem is human nature and how it can be manipulated . 
  the bad ones , ok !, 
  yes , because we know being an atheist in the scientific community is so very dangerous . 
  they do n't lie , they just tell the truth in a different way ... 
  show me a miracle . 
  fly , walk up walls , shapeshift ... whatever, 
  i understood what he was asking , but i was disputing the point he suggested , that religions were created by illiterate people who did n't understand the natural world . 
  seriously , for a rural leaning artisan this is the place to go . 
  nelson is n't a big city but it is a city with all the shops and services you need to get by . 
  motueka is n't far away and a lot of artisans reside there . 
  there are also the marlborough sounds which are closer to picton but have equally beautiful beaches as golden bay and stunning scenery . 
  yes , i agree some religions were created by people far from literate and who did n't understand the natural world , but not all religions . 
  you made the right choice . 
  in a years time she 's going to be killing atheists and blowing up abortion clinics just to watch them die . 
  russians are all religious now because the state is .
