  please vote for paul in your primary . 
  sincerely - a concerned kiwi that 's scared your economy 's going to fail . 
  how about elect the one guy that 's actually decent ? 
  it really will . 
  most of the stuff you 're likely to disagree with ( abortion being one ) he ca n't change without congress/state approval and the stuff you do ( ending wars , financial reforms etc ) he can authorize himself, 
  as an outside observer i honestly find it hard to believe you 're so staunch in defending obama when it 's clear to anyone else that his ` change ' never happened . 
  you 're still at war , you 're economy is slowly disintegrating as your debt piles up , your liberties are being taken away and your leader is n't helping you . 
  and you have someone like ron paul who 's been so consistent over the years and genuinely wishes to help your country , and yet your voting for obama ? 
  i just ca n't comprehend it . 
  consider voting paul perhaps ... the one guy that wo n't fuck your country over . 
  pity hypno toad is n't running , i think you better go for paul then . 
  the gop has totally shunned paul and would get him out of the debates asap if he was n't polling so high . 
  his policies ( the major ones ) actually make sense and do n't cripple the economy ... which does n't bode well for the rest of the gop or obama . 
  preach it brother !, 
  vote in your states primary for him, 
  good luck throwing your vote away, 
  i 'm typing in all caps to reply to you !, 
  the gop is pretty much all shit except for the candidate that 's polling really high at the moment - dr ron paul . 
  this `` crazy '' candidate would get rid of the wars , get rid of debt and veto rights-stripping legislation like this one . 
  all of these are things the current president has n't been doing , and this is why you should vote for him !!!!!, 
  caps lock bitch !!, 
  paul 's ` goofy ' policy ideas would n't make it through congress , and his sane ones ( of which there are many ) would be the ones he has the capacity to instantly enact as president . 
  i agree obama is better than most of the gop , but paul is far superior than obama, 
  if you respect him then why not vote for him ? 
  how much does it take to realize he 's better than obama or anyone else ... he 's been consistent and honest for 30 bloody years !, 
  please post the tonight show video on the sub, 
  it 's good your researching your candidates . 
  the consensus is that within the republican party , there really is n't anyone else all that decent that has a chance . 
  gary johnson was good but his polling is so low he 's virtually out of the race ( very similar to paul on some issues ) jon huntsman is knowledgeable on foreign policy like paul , but although he 's polling higher than johnson he 's still polling far too low . 
  gingrich + romney have been on both sides of the issue whenever it 's suited them . 
  gingrich especially , has had some revolting skeletons come out of his closet ( you 've probably seen the ` serial hypocricy add ' and thankfully his support seems to be slowly dying down now . 
  personally in the coming weeks as gingrichs support go 's down i see the nomination as being between paul and romney , i 'm very much hoping for the former . 
  i 'm sure you 're well aware of the only democratic candidates policies are - obamas track record with bail outs , wars and many other things i do n't think were the ` change ' we were looking for . 
  i will say that obama is better than almost all the republican candidates but he pales in comparison to paul . 
  please vote for paul in your states primary , even just for decent competition to obama . 
  anyone else and it 's going to be 4 more years of the economy worsening and policing the world . 
  when i say ` outside observer ' i mean i 'm from outside of the country but i 'm still watching the race . 
  if i was in the us i would vote for paul in a heartbeat . 
  god yes . 
  america , thanks to your govt lobbbyists we 've been stuck with a copyright ammendment act that can shut of our internet . 
  please , vote for ron paul, 
  ~ ~ if ~ ~ when obama does n't veto ndaa, 
  sure , he does n't agree with abortion but he wo n't ban it or stop you getting one . 
  haha that 's a good one . 
  i think i heard something about change with obama 3 years ago, 
  if you 're using authoritarian with ron paul you obviously have n't even looked at the man . 
  i think you need to look at the vote tally . 
  when has america ever elected someone outside of a major party ... never . 
  i agree , some of the third party policies are wonderful but you 'd be throwing your vote away, 
  people know our economy 's in the shitter and i guarantee those that lost their houses and businesses are going to blame it on obama . 
  it 's a republican in the white house 2012 , so you need to vote for the one that 's actually decent, 
  here 's hoping romney falls more, 
  because life is sacred and jesus commands us to love and care for humanity while we 're here . 
  we 're told not to fear death , but we 're not to embrace it to willingly die . 
  of course , much of what i love is n't in the bible but these things are n't inherantly harmful and had n't been invented . 
  death has been around since sin came into the world . 
  you 'll find very few christians that want to die , there might be some weird death cult ones but just because christians are n't afraid of death and know the outcome is n't going to be bad does n't mean we should embrace it . 
  we 're taught to do as much as we can while we 're here , so to want death is irresponsible to what god wants us to do . 
  oh and just a quick edit , christians can be scared of death too . 
  we 're not immune from it . 
  i have a strong faith i 'm going to a better place when i die , but it 's not a certainty . 
  doubt is an important part of faith ... it means that it 's genuine , it 's not contrived . 
  i 'm sure in later years there will be times i fear death , but i 'm taught not to because god overcame death for us . 
  faith in god reassures me that death is n't the end , it would be much harder for me believing that nothing happens as everything we 've lived for , all our hopes , dreams , memories and love ends when we take our final breath . 
  new zealand recently passed a copyright ammendment law to ` track down ' pirates . 
  the closest they can get is by tracing the ip address ... but this is flawed as multiple people can use the same address . 
  my mother could get hit for my torrenting since she is the internet account holder . 
  i applaud cd projekt for their previous drm efforts but there 's no way you can accurately find pirates unless perhaps only one person uses an ip address ... and even then someone could be stealing your internet . 
  not really any to be honest . 
  i do n't buy many games ( at least pricey ones ) anyways , and the ones i do i 've tested beforehand or played previous games in the series . 
  thankfully the games i have bought on a whim were both cheap and awesome . 
  the last full price game i got was the skyward sword bundle which was a lot of money for me , but half of the cost was getting a controller anyways . 
  i have bought over 100 games in the steam sales but all for less than $ 10 . 
  i 've only played about 20 of them , so there 's probably a few i wo n't like ... but i do n't regret them because they 're so cheap . 
  exciting , another debate !, 
  when will the clips be up ? 
  israel could decimate iran and wipe it off the face of the earth . 
  one iranian soldier in israel and the country would be obliterated . 
  the gop are kidding themselves if israel need help , they have one of the strongest armies in the world . 
  we 're talking milimetres right ? 
  such an awful loss . 
  the man had a way with words that few people could ever hope to have . 
  he was an incredible debater and a true man of intellect . 
  r.i.p hitchens no matter what you believed in you will be missed . 
  good lord that 's incredible . 
  god is n't the reason for everything christina , maybe you should read your bible . 
  got any ` logic ' to back that up atheist friend ? 
  i can admire the man for his brilliance of prose . 
  he did n't just attack christianity you know , he tried to fight hypocricy throughout his life and did so in the most marvellous way . 
  we are taught to love everyone regardless of their stance , and you can show that love by respecting the man 's legacy . 
  a human life was lost , do n't you dare say that is n't valuable . 
  this is really interesting . 
  i knew about gehenna , but the sheol verse is interesting . 
  do you have any more links on interpetations of hell ? 
  haha it would be most welcome , just as you are on this board . 
  see , this ... 
  i downvoted this , but i almost did n't want to . 
  it 's just that it seems extremely pretentious . 
  speaking for the whole reddit , let alone the whole ideology ... 
  i do n't know .
