  seriously ? 
  who would want to visit the world 's largest country with an incredibly interesting history ? 
  what morons !, 
  how about every non western country ? 
  even most modern asian countries have archaic laws on homosexuality . 
  it 's not about minority dicatorship , it 's about equal rights . 
  i know you 'll want to view gay rights as `` western propoganda '' but it 's simply society recognizing a minority that does exist . 
  china , korea , singapore , malaysia and vietnam at least have awful records for lgbt rights . 
  same sex unions of any form are n't recognized in any of them , even though they 're some of the fastest growing economies in the world . 
  perhaps for tourists , but for gay citizens there are virtually no rights . 
  thailand , taiwan and japan seem to be the only countries in eastern asia where homosexuality is tolerated . 
  i did n't mention indonesia , brunei , myanmar , laos etc where homosexuality is still illegal in parts . 
  yeah , cause your joke was so original and hilarious . 
  `` was '' is past tense so accompanies the rest of the sentence , `` is '' is present . 
  i do n't think you can blend the present and past tense coming from the `` should have '' , which already set the sentence to be past tense . 
  gosh , i wonder how many of them were girls ? 
  video games and internet forums like reddit provide these kind of guy 's comfort and some form of social interaction with other people like them . 
  when a `` girl '' this foreign friendzoning evil thing starts playing video games or doing something that used to be exclusively their domain , they get pissed off because it 's no longer their exclusive special outlet . 
  browse any debate on / r/atheism and people yell it as their go to fallacy , even when it 's not applicable . 
  no , but darpa and the formations of the internet was created by the us military ... which probably has quite a few christians in it . 
  ## fuck you . 
  do you think things have changed much in five single years ? 
  the same five years they 're still feeding themselves with lard and superstitions . 
  learn to science you fat fundie pig !!, 
  their first album is really good . 
  great 90 's hippie revival stuff . 
  t.i `` big things poppin '' ... seriously . 
  half the song is just saying `` do it '', 
  most people use world wide web and internet interchangeably, 
  good, 
  if i could choose anyone to protect my online rights , i would n't hesitate to choose brave teenagers wearing sweatshop made guy fawkes masks . 
  thank you anonymous , for standing up for all of us . 
  please do n't bring your revisionist history crap in here . 
   `` there is very little evidence associated with his life , if he existed at all '', 
  there is enough evidence to prove jesus existed , read the historicity of jesus article on wikipedia , or look at the faq on this sub . 
  i honestly do n't know how you can claim otherwise unless you 're ignorant or forcing revisionist history , which is n't looked kindly upon in this sub . 
  i ca n't find them on spotify . 
  are you making shit up ? 
  i 've got one called `` the rolling rocks '' , but it 's copyright , so you owe me money if u get big !, 
  i love their 60s stuff too . 
  have you listened to odessa , their concept album ? 
  the only well known song from it is the first of may , but it 's a really interesting album . 
  i think the 2 disc `` best of the bee gees '' captured the greatest hits pretty well , one of the best compilations ever . 
  my dad played the cassette repeatedly on road trips years ago . 
  i only listened to the album once . 
  i thought the music/production was pretty solid but lyrics and axels voice just ruined it . 
  there was some amazing guitar work going on there . 
  hmm , i think green album-maladroit killed them . 
  green album is still pretty solid and maladroit has some good songs . 
  everything after has been downhill though . 
  i 've listened up to raditude which was straight out awful . 
  their production got too poppy and commercialized , they became more pop rock than rock . 
  the lyrics do n't have any substance anymore either . 
  same here . 
  i like their new stuff but the sound is nowhere near as organic as it once was . 
  if you can listen to the japanese deluxe version . 
  the acoustic cover of lost is so much better than the single . 
  resistance is the only muse album i only have half the tracks for . 
  2nd law was definitely an improvement . 
  is n't chocolate starfish one of the worst reviewed albums in history ? 
  i 've never listened to anything but their early singles . 
  the rolling stones , well post 70s anyways . 
  i still think the `` shine on '' review is one of the funniest things on the internet . 
  yep , all 9 people on there . 
  literally the worlds biggest drama !, 
  i agree that this is a stupid sub , but there 's nobody arguing here ... 
  how long would you say the main campaign of each would take ? 
  i 'd consider playing it just for the story , but i do n't like the whole time sink aspect of mmos, 
  did you know atheists are banned from mecca ? 
  it 's because they fear our logic . 
  checkmate fundie desert dwellers . 
  no i 'm joking . 
  i would n't be surprised if that was some people 's attitudes though, 
  haha lol . 
  a user called nukejij , so much bravery . 
  haha lol . 
  a user called nukejij , so much bravery . 
  if it was something like cloud atlas or some sort of existential or philosophical sci fi or arthouse film they jerked over i could maybe get the argument , but it 's a movie about robots fighting for gods sake . 
  i really enjoyed this . 
  the other episodes are all on youtube too . 
  / r/recordstore is pretty cool for music discussion . 
  suggest some bands you like and they 'll suggest some others you might be into , like an online record store . 
  is it really ? 
  do n't chicago , portland , la , san francisco all have decent public transport ? 
  i have n't seen much of the us at all though , i remember houston having the worst public transport ever a few years ago . 
  chuckspears is literally / u/warphalange, 
  my reality is definitely more real than your one . 
  what if i told you ... 
  white people . 
  i 'm glad the admins are stepping up the game on someone who holds such utterly despicable views . 
  i suggest everyone to register similar usernames like / u/chuckspors , / u/chuckspeers etc so he ca n't take them on mobile/spoofed ip . 
  seems he 's finally getting the message though . 
  divx ? 
  the codec ? 
  it got both aberrosexual and homonausea . 
  why did he get banned ? 
  i did n't like him but he had some good advice whenever an atheist was n't replying . 
  who would have thought someone with such sane views would be an anti semite too ? 
  here 's a conservative pwning his liberalfascist professor, 
  `` i remember when i was in college , i took a class called anthropology of religion .
