  do n't befriend with windows . 
  do n't sympathize with windows . 
  `` i 'm a windows moderate / i 'm a windows user and i do n't associate with vista '' is a trap !, 
  if you live in the us , nuke redmond , wa . 
  if you live in france , you 're already part windows-user but whatever , stay out of their way . 
  oh come on ... the majority of ea affiliated games have n't had problems anywhere near this bad . 
  i know that the hivemind has associated ea with hitler for a long time but for the average consumer ea has a decent reputation . 
  they make their favourite sports series , the sims and big budget titles like mass effect and battlefield . 
  to suggest that every ea affiliated title coming out is going to be awful is just buying into bullshit hyperbole spewed on this and other gaming forums like / v / . 
  ea screwed up big time with sim city there 's no doubt . 
  but let 's not pretend that every game they release has been terrible and worth avoiding like the plague . 
  if that was the case then they simply would n't be making a profit . 
  when was it given a steam release ? 
  ### no steam = no buy, 
  i have nothing to say but that you are a true disciple of christ brother . 
  god has given you a truly blessed mind to see the lies in our fallen world . 
  ask your friend for proof someone turned into a monkey in their lifetime . 
  that always shuts them up pretty quick . 
  but upvotes are the most effective method of finding quality content ^ tm that confirms all my biases !, 
  yeah i second this too . 
  back in the olde days ( so cliche i know ) there were a couple posts a day with real anger and drama . 
  now it 's often `` people are having a polite argument and one guy is arguing a position i disagree with . 
  omg drama !!!! '', 
  it 's pretty obviously a crack in the mirror, 
  this is funny in a absurd kinda way . 
  still i agree ... bloody tampon is a bit much . 
  that may be true but the reason / r/games still bans them is actually largely due to the violentacrez scandal . 
  the whole boycott by the different subs happened in / r/games and they 've continued it since then . 
  good . 
  you know they 're protecting you from hell right so they should use any means necessary . 
  shock therapy is a service to christ after all . 
  you were in the minority of people who had problems during hl2 's launch . 
  you would have thought blizzard of all companies would have been able to anticipate how popular an online pc game would be . 
  considering the amount of copies they 're giving out i 'm sure it wo n't be anything released within the past year or two . 
  maybe mass effect 1 or something ? 
  holy crap they have a lot of pledge tiers . 
  is anyone going to pledge the $ 10,000 ? 
  also $ 150 is n't too bad since you get your name in the credits ( i imagine the credits are going to be pretty long though ), 
  this is why i ca n't take new atheism/antitheism seriously . 
  you have people like dawkins egging on the ridicule of not only religion but religious people as well . 
  how would the atheist community react if one religious leader said something like `` making fun of atheism is fun for the whole family . '', 
  they 'd be disgusted by it and rightfully so ... yet it 's ok for david silverman president of american atheists to say `` making fun of religion is fun for the whole family . '', 
  in america atheists have a pretty rubbish reputation and it 's just doing a disservace to atheists to have idiots like him not promoting tolerance but vitirol towards the religious . 
  also sam harris 's absolute gem `` if i could wave a magic wand and get rid of either rape or religion , i would not hesitate to get rid of religion '' and they wonder why / r/atheism has so many nasty posters , their idols are promoting this antitheist bullshit . 
  i thought the potion one was quite hard as well . 
  i do n't think i could complete that game without a walkthrough for some of the puzzles . 
  you forgot, 
  god said the bible is the word of god and the bible says this too so the bible is the word of god because of god and the bible . 
  til : religions got started by ancient people wanting to own their families and others with arguments in the local forum , making up fake quotes about how oppressed they were by the king/empire/everyone and creating crudely drawn immature drawings about how stupid everyone else is . 
  dae secret club ? 
  ### but you said we were ? 
  i 'm very confused and rather dissapointed that you 've lied to the braveryjerk community . 
  shame on you . 
  the only platformer it worked for is mario . 
  the sonic one on ds did n't work out very well ... 
  gasp people who are `` christians '' believe in god ? 
  like actually believe he exists ? 
  no way !, 
  i 'm still dissapointed in the multiplayer though . 
  i bought far cry 3 recently and expected far cry 2 's multiplayer which was brilliant . 
  it 's sadly nowhere near as good , though single player obviously has improved a lot . 
  definitely . 
  i could n't believe burnout of all franchises did n't have a splitscreen offline mode for paradise , it was just unbelievable . 
  in five years when the servers are down the online only multiplayer on ps3 is going to be worthless for a whole lot of games , unless you have xlink kai . 
  where 's this from ? 
  he 's been copy pasting that shit all over the place . 
  i ca n't believe over 200 people thought this was serious . 
  also some brave soul posted this to / r/atheism as well ... 
  god i hate that classification . 
  i mean it 's true but some people are simply just `` agnostic '' they are n't sure whether they lean more towards atheism or theism probably with a mix of apatheism as well . 
  yet ratheism demands they classify themselves further to become one of them . 
  by the way people this is n't one of the most developed cities in australia , this is their equivalent of a shanty town near an oasis in the outback . 
  sydney actually looks like this, 
  stupid advise . 
  it 's like saying `` use a different mode of transport since cars have such high fatality rates '' it 's because so many people use them and do n't follow adequate safety advice . 
  someone 's saying it 's from the colbert report so thankfully it probably was, 
  you 'd almost think the people who constantly post about how much they do n't care about justin beiber actually might care about him . 
  all religious people do this . 
  every church in america has a bomb stash for blowing up abortion clinics and lynches for homosexuals !, 
  ### attention all readers of / r/conspiracy . 
  the jewish corporate whores of / r/circlebroke have brigaded this thread . 
  all pure white defenders of truth upvote this comment ( for which i do not receive jew gold aka karma ), 
  is this like godwins broken clock or something ? 
  [ i believe it was deleted as soon as cringepics got a hold of it . 
  also i 'm sure the comments were calling him out on it too even if he was getting upvotes . 
  i think his point was that the narnia series was an allegory for the christian gospel and that was the authors intent from the beginning . 
  passes ... second vote . 
  stop with the miseleading/sensationalist headlines please . 
  there 's still one more vote untill it becomes law . 
  ha ha ha america 's one of the most tolerant countries in the world still towards homosexuals . 
  look at ... almost any nation in asia , middle east , africa and south america where gay marriage let alone gay sex is still not even legal . 
  most people liked john paul ii and his views on gay marriage/abortion etc have been the same as any others in the churches history . 
  i think the real question for this pope is how he handles the sex abuse scandals . 
  if he gets round to properly ordering the perpertrator priests to step down like the main bishop in ireland then i 'll respect him a lot more . 
  that 's their biggest problem at the moment , that and the corruption within the vatican state and banking sector . 
  really the only thing that 's going to fix the debacle is to pull a ff14 and re-engineer the game . 
  release a update that allows players to play in an offline mode and with the pre existant multiplayer they designed . 
  it 's cost them so much bad pr that if they want to fix this an offline patch is really the only option right now . 
  considering they blatantly lied to consumers this is pretty much beyond repair unless they take drastic measures . 
  peter was roman,
