  there is always a root cause for an issue , and to label it as them being delusional shows no empathy or even an attempt to understand the problem at all . 
  to be fair , there was no real reason for the queen to refuse xi jinping . 
  unless there was some huge scandal in china before the event , why would she cancel ? 
  it 's more a matter of david cameron rubbing shoulders , since he holds the real political power , rather than the mostly ceremonial power of the queen . 
  this is bad philosophy for reminding us all that objectivism exists . 
  as an outside observer , do you think there will be any political change next election or will the anc still be a shoe in ? 
  oh god i remember that . 
  srs basically hounded him until it made the front page and ruined his online reputation . 
  afterwards he rage deleted his account . 
  one of the few times i actually appreciated that sub . 
  religion is like a penis amirite ? 
  do n't show it ... preferably do n't have one actually or even say you have one . 
  if you can do this then we 'll all get along splendidly . 
  i vote chronicles of narnia . 
  that 's basically the new testament , and mere christianity can be the new letters of paul . 
  all hail prophet lewis !, 
  ~ ~ but ~ ~ mais ouais . 
  yeah , it 's hardly latin . 
  both of which are entities made up of numerous people ... 
  this is no worse than the shortland street star sex tape that one news decided should be their top story 2-3 weeks ago . 
  i switched to 3 after that , just pathetic . 
  i guarantee if it was a man , reddit would n't be insulting him . 
  unless he planned to complete a history/english/non stem major . 
  i think you 're confused about hong kong identity . 
  hong kongers largely see themselves as a separate identity from china . 
  certainly when it 's opportunistic , such as the beijing olympics there is national pride , and they align themselves with the mainlanders over the annual tianamen protests , but they 're very protective of their existing social customs . 
  these distinguish them from mainland chinese and when violated as they have been recently with poor social etiquette from mainland tourists , it leads to a backlash and resentment , which only further distances them from mainlanders . 
  of course it 's not the majority of mainlanders . 
  it 's just a symptom of the underlying problem you mentioned . 
  there 's a massive number visiting hong kong annually , so much so that the city ca n't cope with it . 
  when hong kongers find that resources that are supposed to be for them are being smuggled across the border , and shops are closing down to make room for luxury goods stores for mainland chinese , it 's understandable they vent their anger as they feel their city is n't catering to them anymore . 
  if it was a smaller number of tourists , there would be far less resentment . 
  they are n't politically free , but they are far more politically free than china . 
  protests are allowed and people can attend the legco/parliament sessions , which all occurs behind close doors in the mainland . 
  however socially is where the values differ the most . 
  hong kongers do want a democracy , but the main thing is protecting the `` democratic '' values , such as freedom of assembly , travel , religion , speech etc. 
  you mean clamping down on the riots ? 
  agreed though , the people waiving colonial flags are delusional . 
  at least hong kongers could still buy housing in the 20th century, 
  well english is compulsory as a second subject , but there are english school foundation schools that use it as the medium of instruction . 
  as well as numerous private schools as well . 
  and every university has english courses , hku the main one is only english i think . 
  it 's very firmly established in education there . 
  so do n't be surprised that hong kongers can speak english well . 
  agreed . 
  if you have n't watched it , i recommend the series `` china : triumph and turmoil '' with niall ferguson . 
  he draws many of the same conclusions you have , including the potential for rising nationalism as the economy slows down . 
  the difference is quebecois are n't having their culture eroded by the government , in fact the canadian government has taken measures to protect it and give significant autonomy . 
  [ a reddit clone a bit like hubski , except more of a blatant rip off ] ( / ooc ), 
  there was a prediction by a uk newspaper years ago that the english langauge would turn into a zen like chant of only saying `` fuck '' . 
  these kind of posts make me wonder whether there 's any truth to it . 
  [ nothing . 
  i think / r/conspiracy and a few of those subs migrated there ] ( / ooc ), 
  ew , do you have the gay or something ? 
  why ca n't you just act like the rest of us !, 
  were n't too polite to the chinese unfortunately ... or the rest of asia a few years ago . 
  please do n't lump all chinese under the same banner . 
  the former colony in hong kong is very good at queuing . 
  that will definitely solve the problem . 
  if it did n't happen in the 80s , it 's not going to happen now . 
  unless something catastrophic happens to china , there 's no way hong kong can break away . 
  swiftkey is better than any phone sized qwerty keyboard . 
  i could n't disagree more with you about whisper of the heart and kiki 's delivery service . 
  you 're wrong . 
  be gone from here and never come back !, 
  how does it feel being a supermodel ? 
  blonde hair seems to be a very nordic thing . 
  compared to most americans of british/irish/german ancestry , it 's more common . 
  your internet username does n't belong to you on a different website . 
  much more legitimately do though . 
  there 's huge pressure for women to look attractive , so it 's not surprising in the least . 
  gweilo is cantonese , not mandarin by the way . 
  laowai is the mandarin term . 
  not to mention moldova , albania , belarus ... 
  allow us the luxury of upvoting you jij, 
  haha i 'm kidding . 
  it 's good to have different opinions rather than people always repeating the same things , otherwise this subreddit turns into a circlejerk . 
  very much so . 
  the evangelical concept of `` quiet time '' is basically that and there is a long tradition in orthodoxy of practicing it as well . 
  geniuses at anthropology , criminology and now philosophy . 
  who knew ? 
  any source that proves me wrong is an appeal to authority fallacy , or authallicy !!, 
  no true tu quoque ad philosmen !!, 
  i just noticed i was n't even subscribed for some reason and yet i was spared . 
  just rectified the lack of subscription as well . 
  i was sure i was . 
  lol at your flair , one of the few funny things on this sub . 
  fundies , this works better standing on the edge of a cliff . 
  one toilet , two cisterns . 
  yes the situation with macau was n't really comparable to hong kong , who flourished under the british . 
  i spoke to a restaurant owner in macau about how she found things under colonial rule and she said it was much quieter and business was worse . 
  gambling has totally transformed the economy . 
  corruption was an issue but they established the independant commission against corruption in the 70s , which weeded it out of the police force in particular . 
  up until the height of the chinese civil war immigration was n't such an issue and it was only then that proper immigration policy was developed . 
  immigration was an issue , but it was sustainable . 
  hong kong was an `` asian tiger '' and post ww2 , manufacturing became one of the major sectors until owners moved factories to the mainland in the 80s . 
  if you 're interested in hong kong , i highly recommend steve tsang 's book `` a modern history of hong kong '', 
  i refuse to believe this is n't shopped . 
  the contrast and scenery is too perfect . 
  can you add a bit more hdr ?
