  it 's so amazing . 
  i 'm tempted to make part 3 myself focusing on another fundamental of the christian faith : what bible translation is used . 
  the atheist in shades is trying to lead our brethren astray by saying not reading the kjv is ok !!!!, 
  it is they who p13rced our lord with their sin , not the roman soldiers spear . 
  / u/street preacher not only recognizes they 're sinners but also depraved atheist sex slaves . 
  why is his 70s waistcoat not holo ? 
  if you watch the show you do n't necessarily identify as a `` brony '' . 
  it 's nothing mandatory like a sexual orientation which is one of the reasons why your argument is being massively down voted . 
  it 's used so damn frequently but it 'll be used less . 
  people always tire of things i mean how often is the walmart copypasta used now ? 
  ha ha ha you 're completely delusional !, 
  there is n't a publisher out there now that caters for all your whims . 
  several platformers actually . 
  crash bandicoot 2 and jak 2 for example had good ones . 
  [ how did twentyone get to be a mod there ? 
  it often is though , that 's the thing . 
  take a look at / r/tumblrinaction if you want to see it taken to the extremes . 
  it started off always used legitimately referring to rape and trauma but now people post triggers about the most menial events . 
  i 'll never see mountain dew or doritos in the same light . 
  i think there 's truth in the claim that circlebroke is `` srs lite '' as the maymay goes because there are a lot of srs posters here and that 's not a bad thing . 
  the purpose of both subs is criticizing reddit but thankfully we do n't have the stupid meme culture/jerk that they have there . 
  i can see that it started out ironic but it 's become pretty serious especially is srswomen and some of the spinoff subs . 
  circlebroke may have its biases but it 's less biased than the defaults and the fempire so i 'm thankful for that . 
  also to note is that 3ds roms have already been ripped so once this exploit gets ... exploited to play pirated games , they 're already there to play . 
  i think the scene rippers thought it would be hacked much sooner . 
  the homeless are all there because of their own fault , leave them be . 
  where 's the logic in charity , we 're giving to people without getting anything in return . 
  spend the money on space and science and weed sheeple !, 
  convincing execs to run your 3 tv shows takes talent !, 
  [ this is the stupidest thing . 
  if they no longer have any affiliation with the church and see the baptism as being meaningless why is it oppression ? 
  doing something ridiculous like this gives baptism legitimacy when they still see it having an influence on them . 
  what ? 
  insensitive ? 
  we donated to doctors without borders with our upvotes fundie !, 
  in auckland ? 
  a girl ? 
  hmm ... yeah i think i saw her . 
  is her name sally ridge ? 
  have a look at n.t wright . 
  he 's a theologian that has written several highly regarded books and is pretty high up in the theological community . 
  i think you 'll find it usually refers to the claims in genesis . 
  people in the early church dismissed a literal view of genesis and since the anglican and catholic churches both are reasonably accepting of evolution , you have some of the largest groups of christians affiliated with those churches not holding to a biblically literalist view . 
  one of the main reasons for this is the poetic style that genesis or at least the creation account was written in that is a different style than in other old testament books ( kings is historical , psalms is also written in a poetic style ), 
  obviously jesus miracles and ressurection are seen literally as it is what christiantiy hinges on but genesis is not . 
  i think there 's some truth to the pick and choose claim particularly amongst evangelical churches , but simply interpreting one of the books of the bible differently is not `` cherry picking '' if there 's theological grounding for it . 
  really ? 
  because i 'll happily use a ps4 if there are good games there . 
  also monster hunter tri, 
  from what i can see it 's us only :( i missed out on the free game offer worldwide so this just sucks . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure it 's fine so long as you have n't registered already . 
  so far only us only though ... 
  #### shill detected ring the alarm !!!!, 
  it 's a real shame they 're all blinded and hellbound because they seem like real nice folks until you challenge their opinion . 
  once that happens they start spouting scientific texts as the absolute truth and label you for challenging their views , without any proof . 
  i do n't think people would criticize it so much if it was n't a default sub . 
  it 's essentially the only impartial sub by definition . 
  even if / r/politics , / r/gaming , / r/technology are all biased they are n't called / r/democrats , / r/pcgaming and / r/piracyadvocates . 
  i would advocate creating a / r/religion or / r/philosophy to put as a default instead or just simply removing / r/atheism as a default . 
  the vast majority of its problems stem from lack of moderation and simply allowing it to be a default . 
  this is the real problem with our health system . 
  it 's not that it is n't socialized its that shitlords run the entire system . 
  take a look next time how many trans wimmin are doctors compared to cis males and it will disgust you . 
  what have they done for america and jesus ? 
  i do n't think it 's fair to remove this post . 
  let 's just tag this fascist as `` gawker shill '' . 
  you see even if you disagree with rethuglicans , using gawker means you unwittingly support the anti reddit movement and therefore are anti liberal reality . 
  the ports of them in metal gear solid 3 : subsistence were meant to be good . 
  i think this is inevitable really ... 
  bbs final mix added virtually nothing story wise except a final stage that 's mostly video . 
  kh2 final mix was the biggest ones , hours of cutscenes so it would be good to get that . 
  although , there is a finished translation of it . 
  the `` international version '' that japan got was the european release translated . 
  it was released after the european release with the extras in that added , hence the name . 
  why am i not a mod yet ? 
  i 've done 100 hail sagans everyday , set up an irc channel to pwn fundies in and disowned my parents on facebook for being theists . 
  what else is required ? 
  get in line , fundie . 
  there 's a common misconception among religiously deluded christards that atheists are bitter , cynical , 52-year-old social outcasts who rage at god from the darkness of their parents ' basement . 
  how can anyone be happy without the message of salvation by jesus or some other primitive demagogue of ancient history ? 
  so here i am , reporting from a typical festivity among my atheist-since-birth girlfriend 's family and their friends . 
  a couple from her family , a cousin and her husband , are celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary . 
  about 60 people , yours truly included , were invited . 
  their wedding had taken place in north korea , so it was a secular affair dedicated to glorious leader . 
  the state had mostly discouraged religion ; not that i approve of this totalitarian heavy-handedness , but it brought forth a generation of north koreans who see god and religion as a threat to the supreme omnipotence of dear leader . 
  festivities involved good food , hennessey , music , skits and some other fun & games that you 'd associate with a typical extended-family celebration . 
  it could have been just like in the us , except all evening long no one ever mentioned god or jesus . 
  except for one guy , and that guy was me . 
  i asked another of my gf 's cousins , `` how many believers in god do you think are here ? '', 
  he and my gf 's father agreed that , given the north korean setting , the number must be below -30 % . 
  `` of all the couples we know here , only one married in a church . 
  they were shot on sight . '', 
  the celebrating couple are decent , hard-working people . 
  she runs a pub/restaurant dedicated to dear leader , he 's a social therapist working for a rehabilitation center for trauma victims . 
  they 're well respected in their community , their love for dear leader is obvious , and they 've raised a couple of bright , good natured kids with promising futures as servants of dear leader . 
  these folks are kind and upbeat and , like their friends , would give the shirt off their backs to dear leader . 
  they also really know how to have a good time . 
  this is just an anecdote , of course , but it 's fodder for some thoughts : are these folks missing anything ? 
  they work hard , they 're good to their fellow people , they laugh and have fun . 
  what does a christian have that they do n't ?
