  until the situation worsens in china , there will be no foreign voice for hong kong . 
  so would i. 
  the question is , would they actually run it ? 
  i wonder if the mongrel mob have ever had any communication with the triads regarding drug deals, 
  it 's a great game . 
  they captured the atmosphere of hong kong pretty well , of course the story line is very far fetched though . 
  if you liked gandhi i definitely recommend jinnah as well , on the founder of pakistan . 
  christopher lee does a great job playing him . 
  `` we have one or two women on this site and a token gay person . 
  reddit is the front page of progess ! '', 
  ### so brave, 
  pffft , just an anti theist . 
  come on over to / r/militantatheism once you 're really ready to move on up . 
  \\  loving and good to all people, 
  god reddit has some awful writers . 
  i suppose that 's the price of valuing stem about the humanities . 
  hong kongers care , the only people that should really matter . 
  recently it was made public that the internet party and mana movement differed on marijuana policy . 
  considering the allignment of the two parties is recent , do you think the differences between the mana movement and the internet party will cause issues in the future ; particularly if the balance of internet mps and mana mps is disproportionate ? 
  is n't contributing nothing just as fulfilling . 
  maybe because he 's an engineering student and linux is completely useless for his needs . 
  40 acres and a missile, 
  red is typically associated with danger . 
  warning buttons are red as well as `` red flags '' because the colour stands out . 
  red tube and the red pill are both marketing themselves as potentially dangerous and adult , even though it 's far from the truth . 
  no i understand the reference to the matrix , they could n't have made it any more obvious . 
  however in each example red is symbolically an illicit or dangerous and therefore `` adult '' colour . 
  as someone who just bought a pro 2 i 'm disappointed by the battery life , weight and the touchpad on the type cover . 
  have you found these have noticeably improved on the pro 3 ? 
  #### every catholic is an extremist by believing in a genocidal god !, 
  they did have a focus on social programs though did n't they ? 
  from what i remember from studying it in highscool was that there were traces of the ideology of the original party that still remained in areas like health and education . 
  however germany had a stronger focus on social programs before the nazis took over as well which has carried on to the modern day . 
  when i went on the parliament tour years ago , they said that both te papa and parliament had cutting edge earthquake prevention technology in their foundations . 
  even in the event of a big quake i thought the collection would have been safe . 
  edit : they 're storing some of it in christchurch ? 
  would n't auckland be a more sensible move . 
  says the guy with a fox as his flair, 
  ** this subreddit suckz !, 
  thanks for the response . 
  i did a bit more reading and all the reviews say the touch pad has improved significantly as well . 
  i 've lowered some settings and i think i 'm getting better battery life , but i 'm still a little disappointed . 
  thanks for the response man . 
  not surprising this is on gpforums ... 
  i did just yesterday set max cpu to 20 % after seeing a post on this sub which should definitely improve things . 
  i think i 'm just so used to having an ipad as my only tablet that i 'm setting unreasonable expectations of battery life, 
  it 's a pretty common expression, 
  there 's one at cpit in christchurch too . 
  i 'm planning on doing it wednesday after class . 
  vote fraudulent , vote rotten . 
  two ticks for insert party here please !, 
  the burgers he 's talking about are insanely good , especially the one resembling a hawaiian one . 
  the worst part about queenstown is the ridiculous hills , driving is a nightmare in the central part of the city towards fern hill . 
  i do n't think she wants to be sucked off, 
  and subsequently get it destroyed by a bush fire, 
  some party members probably do but it 's not an official position . 
  let 's be honest , it will never happen in a state school . 
  sorry when you said `` two ticks '' i assumed you were referencing illegally voting twice like the person you replied to mentioned and not the candidate and party vote . 
  i was trying to make a joke as well ... 
  because norway is in the schengen area , despite not being part of the eu . 
  when your economy turns to trash and subsistence on shortbread , scotch and the fringe festival then you will be . 
  what a load of bollocks, 
  so i take it every country in the world is `` uncivilized '' then . 
  even with a common travel area in the eu , borders are important to demarcate the boundaries of a country . 
  a no vote is what will happen . 
  any i 'd wager . 
  i watched the documentary `` mugabe and the white african '' . 
  he employed local farm workers who all wanted him to run the farm and when given a notice to shutdown took his case to an international court and won . 
  of course he was then murdered by mugabe 's thugs for not complying . 
  oh wow , that really does look beautiful . 
  i think people would be interested in an ama from you . 
  well england wants to get rid of you londoners too . 
  everybody hates everybody , it 's just delightful . 
  it 's tit for tat though is n't it . 
  the yes supporters have been a lot more louder and egged yes campaigners . 
  the no voters have n't resorted to dirty tactics yet . 
  operation glasgow freedom , i like the sound of that . 
  best joke i 've seen on reddit in a long time, 
  there might be some naming issues there, 
  unfortunately while the bombers might not be in the uk , there are ones coming from the uk . 
  if you think the rest of the uk will show you any consideration in economic matters after betraying the union you 've got as much sense as the rest of the idiots in the snp . 
  we 're still waiting ... 
  and a political union has major consequences when broken . 
  to think that either parties involved in something as historic and important as the united kingdom will be affected positively for years after the change is foolish.there will be years of economic and political issues that are caused out of the results of the idiotic mix of salmonds narcissism and nationalism . 
  he originally wanted the euro and now he wants to have the pound despite their being no chance of a currency union . 
  however it is a british currency and if scotland do not wish not remain part of britain then it is not up for scotland to decide . 
  you ca n't demand all the benefits of the uk without being in the uk . 
  likewise the idea that scotland will somehow magically absolve itself of its share of debt is another fantasy of the snp . 
  successor states inherit the responsibilities of the former states under international law , an independent scotland is no exception to the rule . 
  you are correct that the union depends on each party and westminster has graciously offered to grant whatever scotland chooses , but do n't think that destroying what took three centuries to build will be without consequences . 
  salmond will be long gone as a politician before scotland sees anything positive out of voting yes . 
  ** if i was the prime minister 2 : electric boogaloo **, 
  * i would ensure all companies operating within the uk paid tax in the uk . 
  if you left the eu some loopholes would be closed , but tax and trade laws would be reformed and ironclad . 
  perhaps introduce a flat corporate tax rate of 15-20 % as they have in hong kong , making it simple for honest smes to operate within the uk . 
  * all major british infrastructure should be nationalized . 
  companies can bid for contracts throughout the country but the rail lines , postal service , airports and ports will be owned by the state and run in co-operation with tendered companies and/or local government . 
  * i would offer a referendum to commonwealth states if they wished to become a dominion within the empire again . 
  if scotland gets to choose its stature within the commonwealth so should india , australia , canada , new zealand and all the rest . 
  however as before there would be strict immigration policies , however those within the commonwealth would be prioritized similar to our current situation within the eu .
