  francis is part italian, 
  rome is in italy, 
  hitler went to italy, 
  hitler had a great nephew called peter, 
  the pope is literally hitler !!, 
  ## another victory for science !!, 
  tumblr user ` wolf-trapped-in-human-body ' appreciates good poetry i see, 
  oh spare me your white tears cis lord . 
  even if the child was a minority , he being born into the most oppressive race in history is genetically predisposed to being racist . 
  i 'm sure it was unintentional but you can not blame a minority ( even if they 're a majority in this circumstance it does n't matter ) for this as this nine year old was clearly being racist towards the south asian students . 
  power = being in an oppressive race ( he was white english ), 
  prejudice = targetting a minority/otherkin/wimmin ( he was being mean to the people bullying him with knives ), 
  pinning this on anybody but the oppressive cis milky boy is shameful . 
  fundies keep interfering with the other discussions http://www.reddit.com/r/adviceatheists/comments/1a8x8q/so_heres_a_picture_of_the_new_pope/, 
  i 'd be very interested to hear your thoughts on the matter since i know very little about the korean war other than it being a proxy war between the us and soviet union . 
  i applaud the efforts of the scientists here but let 's be realistic , she 's still a filthy fundie . 
  why does she deserve sciences blessings when she believes in a phony god ? 
  well you clearly do n't exist then . 
  poof . 
  you 're gone, 
  science . 
   but , becuasue , i ; am , enlightened by , my intelligence. ,, 
  if you 've never played it before you definitely should . 
  it 's routinely on the best games/rpgs of all time lists . 
  yes you can , but most people prefer steam, 
  i thought the 3d effect was well done in the demo i played . 
  i tried mhfu on psp and did n't really get into it but i did enjoy the demo on 3ds and would definitely consider picking it up if i want a time sink of a game . 
  undeniable logic . 
  ea and it 's corporate whores should be impeached and valve should become the only publisher in the video game industry . 
  oh for fucks sake ... there 's one post every month now about how everyone should stop criticizing us !!!, 
  crusaaades . 
  bible belt . 
  oppression !!!!, 
  but free speech !!!!, 
  most importantly remember step 1, 
  #### maybe this way we can get some of that tax exempt fundie money spent on nasa . 
  my mum is a very infrequent phone user but still i 'm really amazed at the battery life on the note 2 . 
  i have an original and use it pretty heavily and it 's still not bad but my mum can get 2-3 days out of minor useage of the phone . 
  tagged as ` homosexual agenda shill ' . 
  enjoy your downvote episcoputrid filth . 
  never fear brother for i too follow christ 's shining example of hate and loathe . 
  i send a pm to every atheist i see on the fallen board threatening them with helfire if they do n't repent and a warning to stop posting or il call the cyber police . 
  the second one is a joke right ? 
  i like true atheism though . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  most black people are religious therefore stupid . 
  it 's not racism if it 's right . 
  instead of `` figurative '' language we shall name it `` monumental '' to defend science against this monstrous assault on our language . 
  his coworker is braver, 
  '' @notch i 'm afraid his friend ca n't play minecraft . 
  on the other hand , he should n't use computers at all . 
  alan turing was gay and atheist . '', 
  - jens bergenstein, 
  ## we are literally living in the matrix . 
  if we woke up instead of swallowing govt chemtrails we would n't be brainwashed into believing in gods and living in chicken coop prison houses !!!!!!, 
  edit : i 'm quoting this bravery before it 's deleted, 
  i open my eyes in the morning . 
  the ceiling is above me . 
  i go into the living room and turn on the ` television . ', 
  a ` priest ' is on the ` news , ' talking about the election of the pope . 
  this reminds me of the fact that i am on a planet where pretty much everyone walks around believing in fantasy novels , written thousands of years ago that make no sense . 
  from the koran to the bible to the hindu elephant man . 
  this is what most people think about all day . 
  i change the channel ... 
  a politician is on the news talking about the republican agenda . 
  i am reminded once again that no matter how many lies they govt is shown to commit or how incompetent they appear , people will only be outraged for a brief moment and then drift back into the dream state , where everything will be fine as long as they tow the line n work hard . 
  i change the channel ... 
  a stadium full of people are drinking and screaming as athletes run around a field trying to catch the man with the ball . 
  the people beat their chests and scream in primal ecstasy . 
  grown men , in their forties and fifties discuss in elaborate detail the strategies employed to win this game , as if they were generals discussing a conquest . 
  i turn off the television . 
  i walk outside . 
  overhead they are spraying the skies . 
  long plumes of sticky webs stretch out filling the sky with a haze that turns what would have been a beautiful day into a whitish haze . 
  there is a rustle of noise . 
  to my right an illegal alien is doing work in my neighbor 's yard . 
  he sees me , standing only ten yards away , but does n't acknowledge my presence . 
  his eyes avoid mine , even though i stare at him blatantly . 
  his skin is dark , but his hair is gray . 
  he is old , dirty , bedraggled , resigned to some fate that only he knows . 
  i feel bad for him . 
  my eyes scan the neighborhood . 
  row after row of flimsy wooden houses . 
  like cardboard boxes . 
  or chicken coops . 
  the people do n't talk or communicate with one another . 
  they have no original ideas or thoughts . 
  they simply absorb the information from their televisions . 
  i doubt any of them have looked at the sky in ages . 
  i stand in my yard for five minutes . 
  humans walk by occasionally . 
  they seem unnerved to see a human being standing around . 
  not hurriedly going somewhere . 
  not fiddling with a cellphone . 
  they desperately avoid eye contact . 
  the fear they feel is palpable . 
  my slightly abnormal behavior has led them to automatically believe i am a deranged serial killer or terrorist . 
  because this is what the television tells them . 
  i idly think of trying to have a conversation with another human being . 
  but i know what happens .
