  no it does n't . 
  you have to specify `` search evernote touch '' under the charms bar , then it only searches text in all notes and not within the note itself . 
  it 's so frustrating , and is the one feature that stops me using the app , but the full program has no touch support , leaving me with two half baked solutions . 
  le relevant username xd, 
  in other words `` love the religious , hate the religion '' . 
  i wonder where else i 've heard a similar platitude ... 
  * fundies should n't use memes *, 
  * they were created by science * [ ] ( / puffin ), 
  it looks like the shahada , the islamic declaration of faith which is also on saudi arabia 's flag http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shahada, 
  actually looks quite nice , minus the arabic http://i.imgur.com/bjr565g.png . 
  probably what we would look like if part of malaysia . 
  i agree , it binds us to the commonwealth and the greater pacific region . 
  i personally want the flag to remain the same , but if we are to change it , it should at least look similar to the existing flag . 
  strongly disagree, 
  i agree if we change it we should add something to represent the maori influence , but how does a silver fern accomplish that ? 
  our rugby teams do n't define us even if they are a popular brand . 
  only if you recognize tasmanian independence, 
  [ but it 's `` inspired '' ] ( http://www.pixelcraft.co.nz/images/projects/individuals/24%20sanitarium%20-%20marmite/sanitarium_logo_lg.png ), 
  these are really good . 
  i do n't know why they were downvoted . 
  what the font ? 
  i doubt it would taste the same with soymilk . 
  also they 're a dairy company , they do n't cater for the lactose intolerant . 
  the us provides both . 
  it 's a far greater deterrent than japan 's army . 
  have you looked at starting your own practice ? 
  even with a low unemployment rate , there will still be people who ca n't find a job . 
  there are people literally dying of thirst in the south island without chocolate milk . 
  with your support , we can send a create to those who need it most , namely myself . 
  you , megapope , mamba and the rest of the fundie cabal running the show ought to be ashamed of your hate speech towards atheists . 
  / u/dulistw is literally a martyr for science . 
  it 's fantastic , though you definitely need a walkthrough to play it . 
  it does n't take a homophobe to see this is an awful sculpture, 
  omg j'essex !, 
  i stick to diameter and centra , but there was one guy named `` obama '' the other day that was a total dick . 
  just being abusive to everyone , seemed like he was on xbox live or something . 
  i admit i got angry at my own team member who killed me on centra , as i was waiting for an even player count before capping . in general though , this game has a great community . 
  when it 's an intense game though , it 's not surprising that people get riled up . 
  i 'm in new zealand and ping wise , diameter and centra are the only options . 
  both have good communities but diameter is definitely less active . 
  barring invercargill, 
  either fjordland or abel tasman/marlborough sounds, 
  or `` doux rouge '' in french . 
  you know , because it makes it classy that way . 
  wellington housing prices are the best of the main three cities . 
  well if you live on cuba street i 'm sure you 'd find everything in walking distance . 
  i would n't recommend anyone aside from tradespeople move to christchurch at the moment . 
  realistically you need a car as the bus system sucks and biking is terrible in the road works . 
  in a few years definitely but at the moment it 's not the place to be , especially for young people . 
  i do n't at all . 
  unless you want this country to become a republic , you should swear loyalty to our queen . 
  we maintain all the benefits of being a constitutional monarchy , so i do n't think an oath in parliament costs us much as a nation . 
  i do n't think we have a particularly strong republican movement . 
  i think it 's insulting that kevin hague feels no loyalty to the queen . 
  if that 's the case and he would n't swear the oath , then he has no business being an mp . 
  if the chip is damaged then no, 
  insert colonialism into premises . 
  yuo can still see benefits of common law in hong kong compared to china , where legal system is still fair and not run by the government . 
  why do you need to build it `` live '' when it 's not going to be used until the site is complete ? 
  the standard way of designing a site is to update you code , ctrl s to save it , and f5 to update it in the browser . 
  then you can instantly see the changes , without having to publish the site . 
  stay away from dreamweaver 's `` design view '' , no designer uses it as it 's attrociously inaccurate . 
  the code view is fine though . 
  do you really blame them for not speaking to tourists ? 
  it 's their country , why should they have the expectation of speaking someone in english . 
  it 's the lingua franca of inter-country politics and dealings but within france , the lingua franca is the lingua franca , the french language . 
  when i was paris , i spoke to many different people and they were all friendly , so long as i made the effort to communicate in french . 
  once they realized my french was poor , they switched to english . 
  it 's not surprising they get annoyed if you make no effort to speak french . 
  the same is generally true in most countries . 
  paris has a much higher percentage of english speakers as well , i would n't expect anyone in the countryside to know english though i 'm sure some do . 
  i agree with not reading on your phone , but on a kindle the battery lasts a month on average . 
  here 's the thing . 
  you said a `` atheist is a scientist . '', 
  is it in the same family ? 
  yes . 
  no one 's arguing that . 
  as someone who is an atheist who studies science , i am telling you , specifically , in science , no one calls atheists scientists . 
  if you want to be `` specific '' like you said , then you should n't either . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  if you 're saying the `` science family '' you 're referring to the metanomic grouping of scientists , which includes things from biologists to physicists to chemists . 
  so your reasoning for calling an atheist a scientist is because random people `` call the smart ones scientists ? '', 
  let 's get engineers and programmers and other stem majors in there , then , too . 
  also , calling someone a agnostic or an atheist ? 
  it 's not one or the other fundie , that 's not how my chart works . 
  they 're both . 
  a agnostic is a agnostic atheist and a member of the atheist family . 
  but that 's not what you said . 
  you said a atheist is a scientist , which is not true unless you 're okay with calling all members of the science family atheists , which means you 'd call biologists , chemists , and particle physicists atheists , too . 
  which you said you do n't . 
  it 's okay to just admit you 're wrong , you know ? 
  oh no , my precious internet points !, 
  the best way to build a website is to view it on the device that websites are built on , namely a web browser . 
  no `` design view '' is accurate because dreamweaver or other code editors do n't have the same rendering engines browsers do . 
  when dreamweaver first came out the web was far less complex and for sites in the ie6 era , the design view was probably fairly accurate . 
  nowdays , you ca n't replicate the complexity of a web browser within dreamweaver or any other editor , so you use the browser . 
  besides , it 's just as quick to ctrl + s your code and hit f5 in the browser . 
  most other code editors such as sublime text and brackets do n't even have a design view because designers just do n't use it . 
  foreign interference turned out to be beijing all along . 
  what brand fridge is that ?
