  that vomit turned into human form and proceeded to take a shit that lasted 1000 years . 
  the result of that millenial shit was karmanaut . 
  flying at a [ 9 ], 
  i did it . 
  hopefully we can get the rest of the sub to do it , so r/bastionofbravery ca n't accuse us of all being butthurt christians , and realize atheists also hate their sub . 
  hello there, 
  i will gladly receive, 
  le 20 borkborks, 
  yours ,, 
  willis herdy gerdy bork bork, 
  i bought one from a tourist shop in london a few months ago to give to a friend , but now we get them free !, 
  long live the queen and god save new zealand !, 
  if you bothered to do any research , you would find the majority of biblical scholars treat genesis as an analogy/fiction since its written in a poetic style . 
  the same is true for revelation . 
  so its not `` cherry picking '' when its actually the truth, 
  all agnostics are atheist !, 
  how many times do i have to repeat it , before people start listening !, 
  come on . 
  he was being a self righteous prick . 
  being atheist on a day to day basis is no different in any western country than it is being jewish , christian or anyone else . 
  famousninja wasnt attacking him for being a bigot , but for being a selfish idiot . 
  please do n't confuse the brave persecution complex that is r/atheism with the majority of actual atheists . 
  the thing i ca n't believe its that you accuse the guy whose arguments actually hold up of being a bigot , and not the guy that started the whole thing by kicking someone who needed help . 
  allow a kiwi to chip in . 
  not a lot of milk is added , about an 1/6th of the cup , however it gives it a nice creamy consistency . 
  i know tea drinking ( aside from the iced variety ) is n't very big in the states , but the british bought it to all their colonies , so in the uk , ireland , australia and new zealand a ` cuppa ' is a big thing . 
  milk is not used for green tea or flavoured teas , but generally black tea or a plain variety like earl gray . 
  milk and sugar are both added to make a creamy , sweet cup of tea . 
  you can buy big bags of 100 or more tea bags for only a few dollars , so it 's one of the cheapest and easiest beverages to make . 
  as a side note i tried making alabama sweet tea the other day and it 's damn refreshing . 
  thanks for that , it 's useful info . 
  you should visit / r/christianity , there have been a few other seminary students and graduates there . 
  i 'm sure they would be interested to hear from a seminary student . 
  very few posters there believe in a literal interpretation of genesis as well . 
  i can pm you some reddit suggestions if you want . 
  most of the defaults are pretty crap to be honest , though askreddit , til and ama are pretty good sometimes . 
  the end of the world has happened : it 's zimbabwe !, 
  esv is easy to understand and you can get free apps of it for android and ios . 
  any language when spoken by little kids . 
  the white stripes, 
  the black keys, 
  early radiohead, 
  that 's not true at all . 
  when the arab countries have a western style democracy ( ie iran before the shah and revolution , qatar now ) they do very well . 
  it 's when they put the laws of their holy book into law that they start ruining their country, 
  better than a country the size of egypt being run by islamists, 
  haha because hizbollah totally won that right ? 
  beirut got fucked and if it was n't for the west trying to ease them off , nasrallah and his goons would have been screwed . 
  let 's not forget that it was started by them kidnapping an israeli soldier . 
  for someone who has ` reality ' in his username , you really are pretty stupid to think one of the worlds most high tech armies is going to be defeated by egypt or any other neighbour . 
  fuck you . 
  we should n't wish armies be invading anywhere . 
  they 'll turn the place to shit but they ca n't be that stupid . 
  the sad truth is they either run or suffer, 
  what do you think will happen to the copts and womens rights ? 
  i know a lot of them live in poverty , but the tourist dollars contribute a massive amount to the economy . 
  if they lost the pyramids , tourism would fall dramatically and poverty would become even worse . 
  yes , let 's make it a turd instead http://cdn1.iconfinder.com/data/icons/pixelo/32/poo.png, 
  play birth by sleep and days , skip coded but watch the last cutscene on youtube . 
  i know getting `` all the systems '' can be a pain , but you only need 3 to play all the games . 
  you have a 3ds so you can play days + ddd , on ps2 you can play 1 + 2 and the remade chain of memories . 
  if you get a psp , get one with custom firmware on it . 
  then you can put birth by sleep on a memory stick and play old roms and other games . 
  even if being homosexual is a sin ( i personally do n't see it as one ) you would n't go to hell for it . 
  once you have accepted jesus nothing can seperate you from him . 
  even if you turn towards him , he has come into your life and he is going to stay . 
  i have quite different views of hell and homosexuality to many christians , but know that if you have accepted christ , nothing will seperate you from him . 
  i like how you just pull statistics out of your ass, 
  at the peak without a doubt . 
  when i went we could n't go to the viewing platform , but if you exit the mall at the top you can climb over a small gate and get great undisturbed views over the city . 
  i would do it then without a doubt , then go into baba jams for some engagement cocktails . 
  obviously we know the answer as free thinkers ... however can someone suggest an answer ( that i 've definitely thought of by the way ) that sounds intelligent enough to blindly accept ? 
  it 's because the republicunts are literally against islam , so it has to be a good thing . 
  at least / r/atheism is generalizing a religion they know nothing about this time . 
  it 's actual ignorance , instead of moanings that mum keeps taking them to church.insha ` bravery , strong then jihad . 
  if someone could started ddosing that brave subreddit , can you imagine the beautiful carnage it would create ? 
  i know who owns it , but i 'm wondering how you would facilitate the sale of the domain ? 
  do i buy it off them and then immediately contact a host or what ? 
  trolling / r/christianity is more than harmless fun . 
  by making fun of them and / r/islam we are literally destroying superstitions hold on the world . 
  you would n't believe how many pms i 've gotten from christians and muslims thanking me for trying to destroy their faith, 
  dear oreography, 
  for years ive believed in the lieble . 
  now i know it is bullshit . 
  signed, 
  tom mcfundie, 
  ** we are changing minds and warming hearts with the light of reason **, 
  if faces of atheism wasnt the straw that broke the camels back , then this event should prove to everyone that / r/atheism simply doesnt deserve to be on the front page of the site . 
  i wish to be brave all over you . 
  literally inspiration, 
  supercard dstwo is much better . 
  it 's 3ds compatible , but has gba and snes emulators built in . 
  did anyone ever tell you how brave you are ? 
  what part of greece are your parents selling their house in ? 
  i suspected that the coastal/island properties prices would n't have changed much , but perhaps some owners may be desperate enough to sell for a bargain . 
  i really do feel terrible for the owners that are having to sell off almost all their possessions just to get out of debt . 
  that 's right , everyone respects racist religious people . 
  that 's why everyone loves the wbc !, 
  chalkidiki looks lovely ( or is it halkidiki ? ), 
  and it looks an ideal location by a major airport .
