  it was ... beautiful . 
  i heard a `` fuck !, 
  watch how you 're driving , man ! '' . 
  my instinct moved me , and i approaced a yellow car ... 
  `` please . . just . . let me come . '', 
  the guy looked at me surprised , then told me to get in . 
  after about half an hour , when i recovered , he asked me my story , but i was still afraid . 
  what if he would get me to the cops ? 
  what if he was one of them ? 
  i did n't know . 
  i just said `` no time to explain . 
  where are you going ? '' . 
  he said florida . 
  i arrived in florida at the age of 15 . 
  i 'm 19 now , and i never spoke with my parents again , and will never do it . 
  i truly hate them . 
  but the experience made me realize how important free will is . 
  . . aaaaand i grew fucking awesome muscles . 
  thanks for reading so far  !, 
  i means a lot to me that i can share my story ... it hurts even now , after 4 years . 
  tl ; dr : it took me 1 year to escape but , it takes you only 5 minutes to read . 
  this was a christian re-education camp i escaped from that my fundie parents sent me to . 
  blame america and backwards thinking . 
  my life is so much better now that i escaped to live in europe . 
  sure thing man . 
  i find kaballah and jewish mysticism really interesting regardless of its stance on sperm . 
  i knew it . 
  `` love grubs '' by oreography, 
  there 's a creature that burrows into the depths of the heart . 
  they call them `` love grubs . '', 
  fin . 
  thank you for your comments . 
  devon looks beautiful but we will be passing through as the main attraction is cornwall , and sadly we only have limited time . 
  i 've written a rough outline of our itinterary, 
  - winchester ( see winchester cathedral ) ( 1hr 45 mins from london ), 
  - southampton ( just to see the ships briefly ) + maybe lunch . 
  possibly portsmouth too but unlikely, 
  - bournemouth ( very briefly ), 
  - exeter/dorchester ( very briefly ), 
  - stay night in torquay, 
  - plymouth ( do a boat trip ), 
  - truro maybe do museum . 
  - penzance + st michaels mont + lands end, 
  - could stay night in truro instead of penzance , depending on accomodation, 
  - penzance could walk small section of south west coast path . 
  beautiful beaches, 
  - st agnes , has the old mining landscape which is world heritage site . 
  go for walk there, 
  - bristol ( for tea ? ), 
  + maybe wander old town bristol, 
  it looks beautiful !, 
  i may combine it with a different trip to oxford since it 's not far away . 
  from the analogy of the garden of eden , humanity is shown as superior to other species . 
  animals are not imbued with the divine conscience and ability to reason that we developed during our evolution or a soul given by our creator . 
  this is what makes us human in the christian tradition . 
  this is why a human life is viewed as sacred to christians , whereas an animal is merely a creature to be taken cared of or if it 's domesticated to be farmed without suffering . 
  no because they also have a soul and a conscience . 
  an ability to reason is a uniquely human trait however , but it is those things that set apart us from simply being any other animal . 
  the definition of life is hard to define , but if there is a moving fetus inside i personally find it morally wrong to abort it , as i believe these traits are all given to it inside the womb . 
  wow . 
  i thought / r/trueatheism was a good sub . 
  i hope those upvotes are from us ... right guys ? 
  ^ ^ right ? 
  what ? 
  have you got the link ? 
  \\  implying the creator of the universe is n't a volcano, 
  ah yes `` disinfo.com '' . 
  as distinguished a source as `` truthout.co.jp .420 '' and `` wakeupsheeple.blogspot.com '', 
  what do i mean soul and conscience ? 
  i think you 're just being pedantic now . 
  a soul as in an immortal essence of human life , a conscience as in an innate ability to distinguish what is morally right from what is morally wrong . 
  i 'm interested in what you mean by computer 's can reason ? 
  from all i know computer 's merely follow what they 're programmed to do . 
  since computer 's only rely the instructions given , they are n't self aware and have no real cognitive facilities . 
  of course if given a series of instructions they can deduce which is the fastest way to complete a task , but i do n't know if i 'd consider that reasoning , because they 're not really thinking by themselves . 
  they 're still dependant on the humans giving them instructions . 
  leviticus was also jewish law written for the israelites that never applied to gentiles . 
  hi there, 
  thank you for the ama . 
  i can see i 'm not alone in envying your job , it sounds like it would be incredibly interesting . 
  since you 're on the road constantly , what are the essential travel items that you take wherever you go ? 
  as far as i know it 's only the noahide laws that applied to non jews from the old testament . 
  it 's a story of god 's chosen people and leviticus were the laws that were to apply to them . 
  thanks for the response . 
  i asked partly because i just read this list in the sidebar , which is pretty comprehensive . 
  i 'm definitely a kindle carrier . 
  the battery lasts a month without wifi on , so i 'm not too concerned about it running out . 
  i prefer buying physical books , but you can find tons of legal free books for kindle too . 
  i 'm so dependent on my phone now it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's my main everyday as well as foreign travel accessory . 
  so brave, 
  john key 's basically center right , but has been endorsing a few more liberal social policies e.g gay marriage earlier this year . 
  both our main political parties have drifted towards the center more , in the past few years . 
  exactly . 
  you often hear a lot of hyperbole on reddit when it comes to matters like the nsa scandals . 
  people claiming that there will be a violent revolution in america or europe when revelations like this come out . 
  we 're simply too well off , too stable and too apathetic for a revolution to occur in the west . 
  in the past thirty years where have most revolutions occured ? 
  in africa , where the levels of poverty are inhuman and the political situation is extremely volatile . 
  that 's not to say that speaking out is a bad thing , but resorting to hyperbole is n't going to change anyone 's minds and frankly is rather unbritish .
