  the adobe creative cloud site gave me round 120 errors !, 
  oh do n't be silly everyone knows that 's swedish . 
  you danes always trying to claim things . . you 're sounding like australia . 
  join the church of atheism today and get a free carl sagan devotional !!, 
  they subscribed a few seconds ago , and then the euphoria deconverts them . 
  do n't call it atheism , call it bravery . 
  that way when fundie concern trolls say they 're against bravery , they realize they 're horrible bigots that should all die . 
  dawkins and hitchens having an atheist hug !!!, 
  omg le upboat for you god sir !, 
  someone parks shittily . . 
  oh my sagan i know why , it `` s because of my non beliefs !!, 
  they announced a port of the longest journey on ios a while ago which i 'm hoping is being released before chapters comes out . 
  oh to be fair it 's a pretty commented post on srs . 
  what i find funny is seeing the circlebroke and srs tag together on a post for the first time . 
  no i disagree . 
  it let 's people ( esp on mobile who ca n't view the other discussions tab ) understand where a lot of the comments are coming from . 
  when there 's a an / r/all tag there which happens frequently i take the comments there with an extra grain of salt . 
  when i saw the post title though i knew it was going to get brigaded . 
  this is a site with one of the biggest gaming and sja communities , so it was bound to be contentious . 
  #### take that fundies !, 
  why do we need the onion when we have fox news amirite ? 
  ^ ^ upvotes ^ ^ to ^ ^ the ^ ^ left, 
  ah yes the well known / r/politics debate technique : martins razor . 
  that which seems simplest in my closed bubble of opinions , is always true . 
  upvote for you le good sir . 
  circlebroke is a barren wasteland of closed minds and opinions i do n't like . 
  also you 're a fundie so you obviously come from there as meta subs = churches . 
  yeah , i like a couple of their singles too . 
  it 's just become so cliche to hate on them as if they 're the symbol of everything bad in mainstream rock . 
  seriously , what made you think that this was a good idea ? 
  this is the most appalling , un-christian thing , done in the most poor taste and with the most boorish , crude delivery , i 've ever seen out of someone supposedly living in the shadow of the cross in all my years here . 
  an atheist posting this online is at least partially excusable , they do n't inherently adhere to our inviolable commands to avoid judging others , to speak in love , and to forebear , and they 're posting it to a deliberately circle-jerky , satirical subreddit . 
  anyone who posts something like this , really needs to re-examine whether they 're behaving according to christ 's teachings . 
  have you got a link for that ? 
  usually it 's more agressive members of the majority religion doing the kidnapping/attacking . 
  so fucking brave . 
  all ideologies are propogated by people including atheism . 
  you are n't magically `` born atheist '' , even remote tribespeople with no contact of other humans have beliefs in spirits and gods . 
  sorry what ? 
  can you give some verses to back that up ? 
  as far as i 'm aware in christianity the only `` unforgivable sin '' is denial of the holy spirit . '', 
  na uh , you just hate atheists !, 
  [ oh god that was an awful thread . 
  all that ratheists were hitting on her so much so that it was n't until one prominent feminist made a post showing how shitty / r/atheism 's reaction was that they apologized . 
  [ i know you 're muslim but just letting you know that suicide is a forgivable sin in christianity . 
  i agree though it was a stupid decision , but i do n't think anyones very rational when they 're depressed ] ( / ooc ), 
  ### lol y u sad , he 's in magical skyland anyways right ? 
  stupid christard does n't even know his own bullshit lol !, 
  but fuck me . 
  i do n't get sensitivity from anyone . 
  as a straight , white , male , atheist i would like to have at least something i am allowed to feel good about without some `` sensitive '' person calling me hateful . 
  and for the record , being sensitive to `` their '' beliefs is what got us into this problem in the first place . 
  i 'll have to echo what many others have said in this thread . 
  you 're conveniently ignoring many of jesus teachings in order to make him into a humanistic mortal . 
  jesus was not merely a man he was divine as well and this is linked into his teachings , his prophecy 's , miracles as well as his teachings reflecting the human nature we all share . 
  you ca n't simply distill jesus into a man because that was not all he was . 
  i agree with you that many of jesus teachings could be seen as humanistic and resonate with atheists and other non religious people , but you can not seperate the divine jesus from the mortal jesus because they are so intertwined . 
  i know a guy who would `` check all the chezburger sites every morning '' as part of his daily ritual . 
  whatever party 's not in power, 
  he did n't really do anything wrong . 
  he 's just a well known evangelical who 's having misfortune , so the ratheists are making fun of him . 
  * read wikipedia/watched the history channel version, 
  yeah !, 
  the wiiu 's gimmick just is n't as revolutionary as motion control was years ago . 
  the reason the system sold out was because the initial selling point for the casual crowd , wii sports , came with the console . 
  like the vita , until they get some must have exclusives their console sales are going to stagnate . 
  haha it always amazes me how people still think americas wars are all caused by the one factor of oil . 
  this was how most people thought in the 80s when the aids panic was at its height . 
  weapons contracts and regional control would be some more factors . 
  see this is the thing wars are complex . 
  even your response is still limited to one factor when it takes many reasons to fight a war . 
  this is fantastic !, 
  you mean still being brave . 
  his eulogy of rick warrens son was touching but this is some of his finer aged material, 
  wow . 
  inspiring :-), 
  you know for a thread by an atheist complaining about unreasonable downvotes you 're being incredibly rude . 
  he 's already explained his views . 
  i may disagree with him but he is an old earth creationist meaning he does n't believe the earth is thousands of years old but likely billions . 
  you keep shoe horning him into being a yec when he is n't . 
  no this ones an atheist, 
  ** despite all the oppression we face on a daily basis you lie about being an atheist !!!, 
  fuck you for enabling the holocaust !!!, 
  it 's as undeniable logic as all atheists are scientists . 
  i 'm tired of fundie media defending these medieval cretins . 
  when someone says `` hello i am a muslim '' it does n't sound as nice when they really mean . 
  ## hello i am a terrorist !!!, 
  gog gives you a steam key ? 
  really ? 
  have you got a source on that ? 
  i thought this was pretty funny actually, 
  170 wooo check my privelege !!!!, 
  really ? 
  from my visits their the posts from atheists saying premarital sex is fine get quite a few upvotes . 
  i think the board is very tolerant in those kind of matters . 
  letting that autsin fellow in . 
  everything was going fine until he turned up with his heathen ways and started corrupting the board . 
  conservatives always find a way to spoil the party . 
  what ? 
  margaret thatcher ruined the uk !,
