  no , i do n't think too many people have a problem with the traditional meaning of fundamentalism - the core teachings of the faith . 
  but in language words meanings change and i do n't think anyone refers to the original meaning of `` fundamentalism '' anymore , like nobody refers to `` gay '' as being happy . 
  one nation under le science !!!, 
  carl degrasse sagan for president of mars lol !!!, 
  some people just should n't have facebook accounts, 
  no idea to be honest . 
  yes any metro app , but not any x86 program . 
  yeah , but it 's shit compared to the actual program . 
  the android apps suck as well, 
  do i think a term that has ruined countless lives , destroyed civilizations , stained the course of history and played a part in every bad thing ever is a fucking joke ? 
  yes i do fundie !!!, 
  no we 're / r/trueactuallyrealatheismplus, 
  yeah i agree sorry , i meant to reply to maritimelawyer, 
  actually sounds like / r/atheism to me, 
  are social requirements a big thing with sys admins ? 
  i did n't think there was that much interaction and that the help desk and other it guys usually did it . 
  just basing it on my experiences with sys admins in schools and college , it seems like they were hidden away all the time . 
  the only interaction i had at my school ( several hundred computers , 1000-1500 students ) with the sys admin was to change the password . 
  is it that different in the business sector ? 
  i guess there 's communicating with network engineers ... ? 
  thank science !, 
  there are no choirs of angels , only the sweet sound of science . 
  it 's only propoganda when it comes from the fundies . 
  this is an education !, 
  i 'd like to say i support no politicizing at an entertainment venue but i support what she did in russia , standing up for the pussy riot band members . 
  though that falls short of telling them `` vote for dmitry ! '', 
  instead of putin . 
  high colyesterol ? 
  aint got nothing on / r/hongkong . 
  actually it 's not a bad subreddit , probably one of the better country specific ones . 
  i know it feeds to your biases and you probably got it from reliligulous but it 's not true . . sorry . 
  the original claims were made by a discredited scholar in the early 20th century but historians have disputed this . 
  the resurrection analogy has some similarities but people are divided as to how similar they are . 
  have a read through these, 
  moderates enable fundamentalists !!!, 
  a pedophile , a lunatic and an idiot walk into a bar, 
  the bar tender asks `` so mohammed , what can i get you ? '', 
  here 's another http://lfw.org/jminc/strong%20then%20kill%20brave%20lieble/http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism, 
  i 'm having too much fun with this http://lfw.org/jminc/i%20am%20a%20teenager%20/http://boards.4chan.org/b/, 
  sorry last one http://lfw.org/jminc/sucking%20gabes%20cock/http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming, 
  my daddy runs a massive investment firm and he keeps on buying me presents !, 
  i mean sure i get my own lamborghini , holidays in lake como and eat at michelin star restaurants , but i just want to do regular family stuff . 
  you know play board games and laugh round the dinner table . 
  people just do n't know how hard it can be :-[, 
  no it 's only a windows emulator and you need a powerful one . 
  google pcsx2 and motionjoy, 
  living proof of the american dream ... well if actually made it that is . 
  say that to my face fucker not online and see what happens, 
  < / p  ... yeah , got my phd in web dev, 
  i bet he even eats pretzels !, 
  and the homosexuals !!!!, 
  as have muslims . 
  do you think christians should start killing them ? 
  i say we arrange a msf group screening when this film comes out . 
  when the credits roll , thousands of us scientists can climax in unison , throwing up our fedoras and spreading sticky logic across the screen . 
  the difference is that when looking at the gods in the ancient pantheons , many of their characteristics have been disproven . 
  we know that zeus does n't cause lightning , poseidon does n't control the winds and waves etc. 
  this is different to monotheism where less natural claims are made, 
  hey chevron7, 
  i 'll work on this sub when i have some more free time . 
  definitely want to have episode discussions and i put that in the sidebar . 
  we need to advertise this in the irish , nz , au and uk subs as well . 
  i 'm hoping to give the css a bit of a makeover as well, 
  they 're all literally fundies there, 
  i am brave ama, 
  this is criminal . 
  somebody kill the comic creator for insulting sagan !!, 
  if you can somehow get some heavy machinery to move the pillars of creation there 's a chance you can alter the time flow . 
  pretty sure it was announced after the s3 . 
  i think you 're confusing it with the 900 ? 
  why have none of the reviews touched on the file system functionality ? 
  i thought that was confirmed a week or so ago . 
  hey tom . 
  beautiful day in christchurch today is n't it . 
  i wrote a response on / r/newzealand i while ago when they asked about mobicity, 
  i bought a samsung galaxy note off them for `` $ 800 . '', 
  what it really amounted to was $ 1000 . 
  since all their stock is in hong kong they ship it out and you have to pay 15 % ? 
  customs charges . 
  i assumed since they were a new zealand site that the stock was in the country , so do n't make the same mistake . 
  expansys i believe are the same , and their shipping costs are pricey . 
  my recommendation , just use whoevers cheapest on pricespy with decent reviews . 
  all the stock has to be in new zealand and wo n't include customs charges . 
  my sister bought a galaxy s3 a few months ago and got it much cheaper than mobicity would have charged when you add on the sneaky costs . 
  the extra costs really add up and it 's expensive as it is already . 
  cancel your pre order . 
  it 's going to be way more expensive than buying it from pricespy when the stocks in the warehouse in new zealand . 
  do n't think so . 
  but telecom has the 900 so they 'll definitely carry it . 
  well so long as you know about the extra costs then that 's fine, 
  burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof , burden of proof ,, 
  well the catholics probably do n't, 
  if camera 's what matters most to you then buy a nokia . 
  if you want more apps + more functionality go android . 
  though wp8 will be getting way more apps and it 's plug and play on the pc, 
  because even if we 're killing the fundies hope , we need to teach the truth . 
  sometimes the truth hurts and sagan knows the medicine can be tough . 
  but ultimately we are obligated to teach the truth of atheism , wherever illogic is spoken . 
  upvote to merge / r/wakeup with / r/sheeple, 
  i thought i read some specs report that said it had one,
