  blue dragon, 
  crackdown, 
  earth defence force, 
  far cry instincts predator ( hd remake of far cry instincts + vengeance , with local multiplayer ), 
  gears of war, 
  halo 3 , 4 , reach , wars, 
  kameo elements power, 
  ninety nine nights, 
  perfect dark zero, 
  project gotham racing, 
  saints row 1, 
  tales of vesperia, 
  the gunstringer, 
  too human, 
  oh , but it worse than that . 
  as another person who has bought a vita recently , i 'd ignore a lot of this advice . 
  there are some great rpgs on the system but this board is very rpg focused . 
  you should get the main aaa titles on the system . 
  ** gravity rush ** - best original game one the vita . 
  this is really a must buy . 
  so long as you buy this you 'll be pleased . 
  there are some other really good exclusive aaa titles like assassins creed + killzone + tearaway that you should also consider . 
  do you have a ps3 already ? 
  if not the hd collections are worth getting . 
  jak + daxter , ratchet + clank sly hd collections or metal gear solid hd collection are all worth getting . 
  there are some other big console ports like need for speed , rayman and borderlands 2 that are also worth considering . 
  do you play many indie games on pc/console ? 
  if you have n't fez , hotline miami and spelunky are all highly regarded . 
  hotline miami was $ 6 on the nz psn recently . 
  have you owned a psp or ps1 before ? 
  there are some great titles on those systems available for vita . 
  i would recommend , metal gear solid + peace walker , crash bandicoot , spyro , kula world , power stone collection , syphon filter logans shadow . 
  although you said you did n't like rpgs the vita has a lot . 
  final fantasy 9 on ps1 is very good as is persona 4 golden , ys + final fantasy x hd . 
  final fantasy 9 is always cheap on psn so i 'd recommend that . 
  i would suggest buy gravity rush and another aaa title , an indie like hotline miami and a psp + ps1 game . 
  so long as you get gravity rush you 'll be fine . 
  sorry i 'm going based on the new zealand psn where they are available . 
  wish we had chrono cross though . 
  i saw the original thread when it was live . 
  ama . 
  can confirm titan_transcendent is a nice guy and i would never friendzone him . 
  it was so much greater than the moon landings . 
  i assume some predicted global warming milestone . 
  cja pls, 
  if wheedle has taught us anything , it 's to not outsource the bulk of your website development to programmers in a third world country . 
  can confirm weather is also happening in christchurch . 
  people are n't standing around waiting to debate you . 
  i 'm not entirely sure that 's always the case . 
  i 'd say bigotry is born from insularity rather than anything else . 
  well educated chinese and singaporeans are largely against homosexuality as well . 
  it takes a cultural shift to change the attitude , since homosexuals were considered part of their culture therefore they do n't feel the need to accept them . 
  do you really think it 's that bad ? 
  i bought a vita since i have a cfw ps3 and remote play for any ps1 or ps3 title was very appealling . 
  it unfortunately has n't been as good as videos i 've seen on youtube but i 'm enjoying the original titles myself . 
  you did n't enjoy gravity rush ? 
  it 's the highlight of the system for me . 
  doing the lorde 's work , son . 
  ftfy, 
  i swear i saw a player in the dutch - argentina game throwing powerade over his hair to cool him down . 
  killzone ? 
  hd collections ? 
  `` thank you daddy ! '', 
  \\ - brought to you by the singapore gambling trust . 
  no i do n't think so . 
  they speak the same language after all . 
  organizing mass protests is n't doing `` nothing '', 
  what are republicans doing to help them ? 
  i hate posts like these , it 's not an either/or situation . 
  you can assist both groups which are marginalized in society . 
  yes it seems like it 's the only future for the machine at the moment . 
  japan will continue to get all sorts of jrpgs and the most popular ones will be localized . 
  i just bought it yesterday !, 
  * proxy soviet aggression, 
  i 'm happy to invite any and all of my fellow memers !, 
  they 've been educated and raised differently . 
  only recently has china opened up to the rest of the world , but there is still censorship of all media and patriotic education classes designed to instill that china can not do any wrong . 
  despite it being less than 20 years since china resumed soverignty and despite the fact hong kong has its own currency , government and is a nation in all but name , chinese are taught that hong kong is socially just another city in china and so treat it as one , even if it has more of a western culture . 
  those coming to hong kong treat it as a shopping mall that need its money and as just another part of china since this is what they 're taught by their government , so they do n't respect the values and culture of the city, 
  the same thing could have been said about singapore and malaysia . 
  singapore have no farmland/rivers and need to import most of its goods , yet it did n't stop them being a successful independant nation . 
  hong kong used to have a desalination plant providing water , they used to have more farmland and used to have factories actually producing goods , until the administration realized it was much cheaper doing all this in china . 
  politically it 's impossible but it would certainly have been feasible . 
  before the 80s the city was far less dependent on the mainland ( which really had little to offer other than water at the time ) and was successful . 
  most countries nowdays are dependent on china to an extreme degree , but it does n't stop them being sovereign states . 
  that 's not feeling superior , it 's a local reacting to destruction of a city caused by your fucking government . 
  i love it when pro chinese accounts come here and whitewash all hong kongers grievances as `` entitlement '' or a superiority complex . 
  of course china can never do wrong and it 's western propoganda when articles about human rights abuses and pollution or destruction of historical townships get upvoted . 
  it 's nice to see any local opinion in this thread ( you know , the people who are actually experiencing the issue at hand ) get downvoted . 
  / r/worldnews is red . 
  all hail the party that does no wrong !, 
  you realize china have a military base in hong kong . 
  there is no chance . 
  ( 1 ) - swedish upvote society, 
  ( 2 ) - top text , bottom text, 
  ( 3 ) - / u/oreography, 
  ( 4 ) - / u/heartosay , / u/totallynotcool , / u/fritzly , / u/cjbraveryman , / u/numandina , / u/titan _ transcendent , / u/manwithoutmodem , / u/jokes _ on_you, 
  ( 5 ) - cjl, 
  thank you , but it 's a team effort . 
  bhis,
