  as it 's been pointed out hinduism is one of the oldest surviving religions on earth and judaism and christianity have both survived for thousands of years . 
  i think you 'll find the length that some extinct religions ( e.g the ancient greek examples you brought up ) tended to last only as long as their empires whereas at least christianity seems to cross cultures more so . 
  you 're never going to get a no from a theist though . 
  i believe my religion to be true so of course in biased and will say i do believe it will survive , however most likely practiced in newer more adaptive ways . 
  why does it matter . 
  you 're still basing the date on the same event , regardless if what you call the format . 
  that 's not a question , and it 's a very presumptive statement, 
  can you give me any reference to jesus saving those in the past ? 
  i know obviously there 's the `` every knee shall bow '' verse but i was n't aware anyone prior to him coming was saved . 
  [ it is n't but that does n't stop ratheists trying to make it one ] ( / ooc ), 
  ur girlfriend is hawt !, 
  if you do n't have a creed what would you say differentiates your denominations from others ? 
  le busted !!, 
  what is your favourite country in africa ? 
  i 'd love to do the eastern part ( kenya - rwanda - tanzania - uganda - ethiopia ) some time as it seems it 's relatively stable compared to many other areas in the continent . 
  also did you get to somalia at all or did you scratch that off the list . 
  ok second question - what is the most dangerous/dodgy country you went to ? 
  how do you feel being grouped in with the bandikins ? 
  simply because you were popular video game stars does n't excuse the culturally ignorant and disrespectful notion of lumping you two together , as in this example . 
  stop making atheism a religion !!!, 
  oh you poor dear . 
  admit it , you were just trying to manufacture drama as always . 
  by `` silly reddit '' you mean from / r/braveryjerk . 
  nobody posted this seriously, 
  ex president thank science !, 
  they actually have one of the best r&d departments in tech today . 
  i consider ms pretty damn innovative but there 's so much that does n't get out . 
  so much this . 
  dae think americans are stupid ... except the brave progressives that voted obama in and made the products i like . 
  those americans are alright ... but probably fat too . 
  omg le thread is still going !!!, 
  screw you goa , you were wrong !!!, 
  the pandora mod has been installed outside us servers now . 
  this is an outrage !!!, 
  libertanarchism ? 
  is that even a thing ? 
  apple shills raise the alarm !!!, 
  reviews for this look pretty crap sadly , at leas the psp version . 
  you guys will probably get final fantasy tactics war of the lions since it just got an android port , so i 'd wait for that if i were you . 
  upvotes to the left, 
  because of the uk governments god awful immigration policy under blair . 
  and of course the majority of the immigrants want to live in the most populous city . 
  dolphins are non human `` persons '' apparently . 
  what defines a person though ? 
  i always associate with being a human being . 
  `` science '' has become such a ridiculously encompassing term on reddit . 
  why did you do that ? 
  for le science !, 
  nobody can even name what science half the posts refer to , it 's just science !, 
  well then do n't use it . 
  pretty simple solution . 
  the thing is though that social media has become a massive thing in recent years and a lot of consumers like it , so they add it . 
  i just bought a backwards compatible ps3 two weeks ago for that very purpose . 
  quite an enhanced and updated port to be fair, 
  one that does look amazing is soul sacrifice, 
  no ... the correct pronounciation is ... 
  #### lie bull . 
  check and mate fundies, 
  ## le new text format from atheist heaven . 
  thank you based science !, 
  ### upron this [ gem ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/facesofatheism/comments/13cc9p/my_ass_of_atheism/ ) while we 're at it, 
  just draw them yourself and photocopy them . 
  you think god cares about fancy shmancy design ? 
  why are we submitting from the economist ? 
  i agree though , starting my own meth lab is the key to getting this economy booming . 
  i composed a litt [ le ] song about republicans, 
  ahem ... 
  when nobody likes you , maybe it 's time to go away ... 
  when nobody likes you , have n't you caused enough pain ? 
  fraudsters and banksters , lining the pockets of the rich, 
  these are not representatives , they 're selfish little shits, 
  ### clinton/michelle obama 2016 !, 
  le le le logiiiiiccccccc !!!!!!!!!, 
  owning fundie relatives , fuck the establishment !!!!, 
  ### euphoria beyond belief . 
  billions and billions of karma !!!, 
  ### the prophet has revealed our source of nourishment . 
  break a dorito and drink the dew , dawkins is a true messenger of sagan himself !, 
  ## empathy ? 
  kindness ? 
  does not compute . 
  does not compute !!, 
  illogical process detected , ratheist bot shutting down !, 
  `` the dew is my nature . 
  doritos are my methodology . 
  faithsmashing is my conclusion . 
  atheism is my lifeforce . 
  owning fundies is my motivation '' - jerry debrave !, 
  `` and lo , anyone who disagrees with ye is wrong . 
  for they are unenlightened by a phony gods blessing . 
  we are the chosen faithsmashers to rid the world of the scourge of religion . 
  all those who oppose the faithsmashers creed shall be smitten from the book of logic and shall be forever labelled a concern troll '' - the revelation of sagan : chapter 9001, 
  this is pretty meta for you is n't it carl ? 
  that 's right . 
  not only do you enjoy being connected to sexual topics but you look at satans weapon pornography . 
  grade a sinner right here !!!, 
  everyone get your pitchforks and whore stones !!, 
  sounds like you want a surface pro/samsung ativ style tablet/laptop if you want a proper computer . 
  they all are quite expensive though . 
  i 'd second the transformer prime though , better battery life can do all your functions and can edit office documents with a program like quick office,
