  the reason is n't usually positive , but i think the quote is still true . 
  can anyone think of something not happening for a reason ? 
  is there a difference ? 
  make lemonade ? 
  because nobody knows what he does, 
  well , what would you do with a bunch of lemons then ? 
  `` so r@ndum!!! '', 
  `` i 'm such a nerd ! '', 
  - usually said when playing angry birds . 
  no it does n't , a reason , cause and origin imply exactly the same thing - what triggered the event . 
  how do you figure a reason having incentive , but not a cause if all terms can be used interchangeably . 
  when used as a verb as in ` to reason with someone ' it implies implication . 
  when used as a noun ` there 's a reason for everything ' there 's no incentive , it only implies causation . 
  this is the noun we 're talking about . 
  please enlighten me teacher how the implication comes from the noun ? 
  brave traveller from afar , ruler of a distant subreddit . 
  let me bathe you in sweet milky upvotes . 
  how i braved bravery and met ron paul . 
  ama, 
  that was an awful start , but considering he 's given him a lot of time and coverage i did n't think the interview was awful . 
  he did butt in a little bit but he did give paul a good spotlight to explain a lot of issues and i think overall it cast paul in a good light . 
  i really liked that poem about your mother . 
  was she a kike too ? 
  edit : grammer sux lol, 
  can we beat newt when the clark votes are totalled up ? 
  their suicide and depressions statistics would indicate otherwise . 
  i agree the motivation for a missionary should n't be to shove the message down the throats , but help them and show them love . 
  if everyone 's in vegas then perhaps we still have a chance . 
  an 8 % jump is n't that crazy but i do n't think we 'll overtake romney . 
  nelson is lovely but it 's not a big city . 
  it depends on what you do for a job , if you 've got a rarer specialization then auckland , welllington or christchurch are where you need to go . 
  absolutely , most of the protestors have no empathy . 
  they did n't know the couple and what they had been through , yet they still yelled labels at them . 
  personally i am against abortion in most circumstances , but when the health of the child is so negatively effected that it will live a life of suffering , or even die a day or two after it 's born ... is n't it far more loving to not put it through that pain ? 
  where in the bible does it say this ? 
  not if god guided the process of evolution , are you aware of theistic evolution ? 
  also many christians do n't believe in ` hell ' in the traditional sense , seeing it as a fiction largely driven by dante . 
  perhaps you should look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annihilationism which carries a lot of biblical backing . 
  i am a pregnant man who is being oppressed by fundies for the right to kill my child . 
  ama, 
  do you hate our freedom ? 
  meant to be bold, 
  was brave instead, 
  if you 're going to poke fun of people for having kooky beliefs , you might want to look at your belief that jesus never existed , since all major historians would tell you it 's bs . 
  he ` humiliated ' him by winning 3 states . 
  i do n't think that 's humiliating to ron paul as much as it is to romney . 
  kiwi here , immigration can be pretty tough . 
  easier than australia though . . a marriage is an easy way of course . 
  easier than australia , immigration is hell in aussie . 
  is that right ? 
  i thought this was only the case for missouri . 
  not enough bravery amirite guize !!!, 
  ama !, 
  everytime we touch ( ron pauls sphincter ), 
  it breaks out and votes for me, 
  everytime we touch ( ron pauls rectum ), 
  it splatters bravery all over me !, 
  anyone brave enough to xpost to r/atheism, 
  edit : flawlesslogicomgpwnage, 
  so much bravery, 
  how to speak english . 
  you seem to have mastered that however so have a great trip !, 
  this is amazing news . 
  keep up the revolution america !, 
  `` and then i ate ... god ... for breakfast . '', 
  exactly the same in its nature . 
  there would still be violence , suffering , hatred etc , religion is just the easiest scape goat . 
  not at all . 
  i 'd correlate it with the integration of blacks into society . 
  you really are underestimating the power that black churches had in empowering the civil rights movement , i do n't think they would have gotten as far as they did without the churches and pastors preaching a message of equality from the pulpits . 
  not at all . 
  i like my religion and i pray to god . 
  not really , just like there 's nothing about aeroplanes , cell phones , the internet etc. 
  i really have my doubts as to whether time travel will ever be invented , but it would be very cool . 
  if you believed that he was all powerful , then obviously jesus would die time travel existing or not . 
  yahweh/christ/father , generally when people in the west say god they mean the christian one . 
  sounds like a pretty shitty god , not helping you when you need it most . 
  so does mine , but it also recognizes that pride can be a dangerous thing . 
  if you honestly believe you can get through this life with yourself alone and not turn to friends , family and god when you are in need , it 's impossible . 
  what use is steel if your hands are weary ? 
  thai curries can be pretty simple . 
  you can buy pre made green or red curry paste . 
  first chop onions + garlic and put them in the pan with some oil . 
  add in the paste for a minute then cook your chicken in the paste till cooked . 
  then add coconut cream , sweet chilli sauce and a little fish sauce to it . 
  you can also add potatoes to the curry if you wish . 
  seperate into portions with rice , freeze and microwave at work . 
  i 'm wise enough to know that i have n't mastered a whole lot , even if i might think i have . 
  i also realize that i ca n't do anything to convince someone who 's set in their ways that what i say is n't bull shit so i 'll just leave the argument there . 
  i 'm sorry , i 've never played table top games so obviously not . 
  travel to every country on earth and do them properly - actually see the major towns/cities/sites and hang out with the locals . 
  hopefully i can make a fortune by 35 somehow and travel for the next 20 years . 
  do it man !, 
  is n't this an abstinence sentence for life ? 
  there 's no logical reason to believe that there 's life after death for an atheist . 
  it 's not a generalization to say atheists do n't believe in an afterlife as it follows the same line of thinking that prevents them from believing in god . 
  / facepalm / hitchslap / atheistpwnage !!, 
  what reason has he to believe in it if there 's no evidence for it ? 
  do you see how stupid your statement is ? 
  many european nations do n't have seperation of church and state , and have far fewer religious issues than the us .
