  i understand he 's not completely a libertarian since he 's against abortion . 
  i do know that ron paul recognizes the inefficiency of big govt with it 's unnecessary bureaucracy and that he 's the only man that actually has a budget proposal that will make a positive difference . 
  obama 's showed his true colours for the last few years and so i realize another 4 will be more of the same . 
  it 's way too early to tell . 
  he 's doing better than i thought though, 
  no silly , abortion will be the first thing banned as well, 
  nobviously each denomination thinks theirs is better , but mormonism institutes a new set of teachings dismissed by every other christian church . 
  you do n't generally describe regular denominations as ` sects ' . 
  a sect is a branch of a religion that while maintaining some of the teachings of the religion , deviates from the normal teachings in a substantial way . 
  mormonism is a christian sect in that it institutes an entire new religious book to be followed equally to the bible , which is recognized by no other christian denomination . 
  that 's right rick , conservatives love them their high taxes and big government ... 
  your financial seed child , save your procreation seed until matrimony ( of course only matrimony commissioned by destiny , otherwise it ca n't be valid ), 
  sorry where 's the evidence that jesus was raped by romans ? 
  i mean it seems like your post is just hate filled idiotic ramblings , but i 'm wondering if that 's all it is . 
  this guy is a fucking loon , does he not listen to jesus 's message of love in his holy book ? 
  a parent who loves his child is always better than a parent who does not , i guess the guys bigotry stops him from seeing that . 
  no , you 're confusing the biblical angels with the new age angels . 
  peace and love and crystals man, 
  this is the key part . 
  wishing for whatever you want does n't work unless you have a copy of the secret, 
  i know there 's been a lot of paul spam on this subreddit , but it 's completely justified . 
  the guy deserves ( and needs ) all the attention he gets . 
  although paul supporters can go overboard in their enthusiasm for the guy regularly , it 's because they really are desperate for change . 
  ron paul is the only man america can afford to elect in 2012 . 
  he has policies you may disagree with , but he 's a refreshing brand of change and most importantly a brand of change that works . 
  as a fellow kiwi , this is plain disgusting . 
  contact the otago times , campbell live or close up . 
  this kind of behaviour should n't be tolerated , and awareness in the media not only informs others but will probably help get the message out that this is n't acceptable . 
  hate comes from ignorance and these guy 's obviously have no knowledge of what is decent . 
  ` retard ' has become a common insult and so perhaps the kids see nothing wrong with it . 
  have you tried talking to the family about it , and explaining why it 's wrong . 
  it 's possible they do n't know the hurt they 're causing . 
  aka : religious hypocrites, 
  iraq 2.0 for starters , the gulf war was justified . 
  the old testament is full of ` god inspired ' laws that were impossible for man to follow . 
  that and hate filled spewings of a nation trying to justify their wars by attributing them to god . 
  jesus came to point out how wrong the religion had become and how nobody could properly follow the laws man had instituted . 
  that 's how i view the old testament anyways, 
  many are . 
  i do n't think the hivemind would disagree that there are many good religious people out there , they only disagree with the religion they follow . 
  how i personally view it si you have to divide the new testament into pre and post law . 
  before jesus crucifiction in the ` pre law ' period he sought to point out how inconsistent the laws were and how it was not humanly possible to follow those laws , though teaching that they were still applicable as he was still alive . 
  when jesus died he took on the perfect sacrifice/a new covenant that cancelled out the laws of the old testament . 
  this is what paul 's interpretation of christianity teaches and his verses are ` post law ' . 
  either that or we write him in . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever forgive the republican party if paul does n't get the nomination, 
  once again the flawed belief that christians do good deeds because it gets us into the afterlife . 
  good deeds alone do n't get you into the afterlife , no person reaches heaven by good deeds alone . 
  christians do good deeds out of love as to follow christ is to follow perfect love , not to look better ( highly frowned upon in the new testament ) nor to reach heaven . 
  fuck you, 
  somebody please do, 
  and democrats are much better ... so much better they helped to vote through the ndaa, 
  new hampshire has n't got huge rural areas like iowa , and seem to have a more educated population . 
  i do n't think he 'll do well in new hampshire , i think romney + paul will be who to look at , huntsman might get in third, 
  so what happens to the law if you follow the guy that fulfilled it ? 
  it 's not really relevant anymore is it, 
  copulate with your offspring to create a new inner being , this is the safest way . 
  the us ca n't afford nationwide govt healthcare unless it gets its economy back on track . 
  huntsman is a far better moderate than romney and deserves to be the front runner more than him . 
  however he 's for a war with iran which would cause even more ruin to america 's economy than it 's ' in . 
  unlike paul who has some more minor social policies i disagree with , huntsman 's support of a full blown war prevents me from supporting him . 
  he seems like a genuine and friendly guy though , unlike most of the others . 
  quite an important function . 
  it gives a gauge of what policies candidates propose are popular and so helps show which candidate is most popular . 
  without an audience it 's impossible to tell who ` won ' the debate . 
  i 'd say this is the most likely choice . 
  kucinich is a democrat , huntsman wants a war but johnson is a republican and very very similar . 
  no , this is dog . 
  i enjoyed it when i went with mom . 
  it 's basically self help for christians , though it apparently helps quite a few people . 
  this guy turned atheist because of the bible . 
  that 's right , not his upbringing , not his pattern of thinking , not anything else . 
  the bible is an atheist conspiracy good christians must stop reading their bibles !!, 
  i was kidding , all caps seems to be the sign of sarcasm on the internet . 
  what i was pointing out was that it was n't ` the bible ' that turned you atheist , it was how you interpreted it and i presume an influence of your christian parents . 
  many christians on this board have read the bible multiple times and guess what , they 're still not atheists . 
  same goes for pastors , theologians and many others . 
  it 's not the bible that turns you atheist , it 's your perception of the world . 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't follow your logic . 
  a pastor - someone choosing to devote his life entirely to the study and understanding of scripture is wanting ` fantasy ' really ? 
  could it actually be possible that they honestly believe this stuff after looking for what they perceive as reality . 
  your perception of what is real is that god does not exist and we are alone in this universe . 
  my perception of what is real is that god does exist an is around us if we honestly look for him . 
  you 're right , many christians have not read the bible the entire way through . 
  if you accept it as being the literal perfect word of god from beginning to end then this is a problem . 
  however if you see it as a divinely inspired but imperfect insofar as it being written by humans then it 's not an issue . 
  you can seek comfort from the book without having to read every passage . 
  i mean so much of the old testament is irrelevant for us today that i can say i have n't bothered reading half of leviticus . 
  i mean it is useful for us to understand jewish culture + laws , but i 'm not so interested when i do n't follow the laws written . 
  after all it 's not how much we read the bible that matters , it 's our heart and our walk with god . 
  ok third time something bads gon na happen !, 
  well , i like it . 
  dae think obama is an atheist ( in super secret ) ???!!!, 
  none of these guys are included in any of the debates or are in the top 3 polling candidates . 
  gingrich is dead , these ads will only help paul and maybe santorum in south carolina . 
  it 's far easier to attack romney . 
  all paul has is the newsletters he did n't write, 
  he 's supporting a republican because paul acts like nobody else in politics . 
  damn right . 
  paul needs to win south carolina to truly be a challenge .
