  i 've failed you as a scientist !, 
  they ca n't beat our ** logic ** ^ tm, 
  hey baby , can i buy you some reddit gold , 
  i 've heard so many stories just like yours on the meta subs . 
  / r/atheism was the perfect haven for atheists when they come out in their teens and then a few years later realize what a dick they were being a ` ratheist ' . 
  i actually think having a place to `` vent '' is a good thing , i just wish that sub was n't a default . 
  he really is the perfect redditor, 
  because it 's a way to feel superior to the `` plebs '' which is what neckbeards thrive on - delusions of superiority . 
  not safe for church austin . 
  this is meant to be a godly environment after all, 
  i think in general in the west people have a very limited understanding of religion . 
  i was listening to the radio today and they were comparing jerusalem to a city in new zealand `` one the birthplace of jesus and prophet muhammed , the other a shithole at the bottom of the world '' wrong on both accounts about jerusalem and way off about muhammed . 
  jesus may have spoken aramaic , but the writers of the gospels wrote in a `` academic '' language , greek . 
  i am a homosexual lawyer fighting for internet freedom . 
  i was brought up in a conservative household but am now an atheist and a democrat . 
  here 's a picture of my kitten on my battle station . 
  dae use the shower ? 
  le reddit army iz hair 2 pwn uuu !!, 
  i 'm aware there 's no debate there is nothing to debate within scientific circles , however there is a large debate within christian circles an churches so i thought the sites title was still accurate . 
  i 'm not going to deny evolution myself as i acknowledge it occurs , i just thought it was a good outline of the different creationist views, 
  i suppose i disagree with that example as well , but i thought the overall post was informative, 
  no it 's not my blog . 
  i was linked to an informative post about textual criticism on that site from here , and then thought that this post was informative after finding it . 
  please people read the post instead of down voting . 
  i 'm not trying to get free publicity and i know evolution is the accurate scientific process . 
  the blog does n't espouse creation , but takes a neutral view outlining the different christian positions . 
  can we get ` mohammed mushy peas tesco windsor ? '', 
  that 's barely the worst of it . 
  check out / r/tumblrinaction for the `` transethnic otherkin headmate '' drama, 
  `` transethnic '' means they believe they were born white but are really african , japanese etc, 
  `` otherkin '' are people that believe that they are really animals e.g a fox and that they are trapped in a human body, 
  `` headmates '' polite word for imaginary friends . 
  not it 's sadly not a joke . 
  this is the new face of social justice on the internet, 
  if you used your mind thinking about how wrong he was , then he 's not wrong and you 're an atheist . 
  did god use your mind ? 
  then shit fuck cunt you 're an atheist, 
  but there 's is le nothing to know as god do n't real, 
  you know in le lieble belt they literally do n't give surgery unless there 's proof you 're a fundie . 
  this brave warrior is literally risking his life for atheism . 
  right and kids could go on to be fluent theologians or historians as well where religion would be of use . 
  basically you 're suggesting any field of study could be taught to kids and could be relevant to them late in life . 
  i agree that the basics of science including evolution should be taught but i also agree with the above poster that for the average person that not everything we learn in school is useful . 
  i think we need to focus on the priorities and science , math , english etc are part of that . 
  i also feel though that history and religion are very important as well and will teach you more about culture and human nature than many other areas of study . 
  the `` good '' wheat among the chaff is christian but of course is not exclusively christian . 
  31 now . 
  sagan has blessed you greatly . 
  in order to do a special rerelease with new release of pc version . 
  right guys ? 
  right ?? 
  even more proof they 're deluded . 
  the swedish psychiatric association has already diagnosed conservatism as a mental disease and it 's only a matter of time till americans say the same thing, 
  it should be banned for life , it is a mind poison after all . 
  do n't worry sister in christ . 
  we can start killing the unrighteous `` christians '' soon when the end times come around . 
  i read it in left behind ^ tm gods second revelation to man . 
  to atheist parents - why do your children think you 're depraved sinners who are hell bound ? 
  see i get where you 're coming from , but this is n't necessarily the best idea . 
  you should read the bible with her and discuss the issues you boy have with verses ( e.g get a bible with a decent commentary , i recommend the net bible https://net.bible.org/reader/#en ) and discuss them and try to understand each others views on it . 
  it sounds like your wife actually has read more of the bible already than you , so i do n't think is going to be a foolproof convert her to atheism plan that you 're hoping . 
  as i said it should be done to better understand both of your views on the bible . 
  do you honestly think no christian has read genesis and exodus . 
  most christians spend their entire iives reading the bible . 
  if you honestly think that by coming across a brutal verse people are going to loose their faith instantly then that 's pretty ridiculous . 
  only people with the weakest faith , who have n't honestly thought or examined what they believed would do that . 
  well firstly i do n't believe in eternal damnation and many other christians do n't . 
  i take a view of ` annhilationism ' that is that those who do n't believe the soul is destroyed . 
  so essentially only christians will have eternal life , so you will not suffer if you die but you will just be a body in the ground when you die . 
  first of all i do n't believe that genesis is literal as do most theologians . 
  the adam and eve story is a metaphor for the consequences of disobeying god . 
  they did n't know it was `` evil '' to eat the fruit but they knew it was against what god had commanded . 
  they knew it was disobedience which brought in sin to the world . 
  adam and eve 's offspring were n't sentenced to `` eternal damnation '' as you put it but in the story they bought sin into the world and could n't gain heaven without gods grace . 
  humanity was no longer a perfect creation and could n't attain perfection ( heaven ) without the grace of god . 
  `` for the wages of sin are death '' - not hellfire , or eternal damnation but death . 
  you either die and lose your soul , dreams and all you hoped for or you live on in perfection by receiving the gift given to us . 
  as for the genocidal verses you 're right , i can not reconcile my faith with them . 
  i honestly believe much of the old testament is not inspired by god but was written by the jews as a story of their race and culture , so when `` god '' supposedly orders the jews to kill a tribe i do n't believe it was god , i believe it was jews trying to justify what they knew was wrong . 
  i apologize . 
  i misread what you wrote about your wife . 
  it 's a very good translation of the bible . 
  i 'm currently working my way through it at the moment . 
  fuck you apple , where 's your nfc ?!, 
  this is le me . 
  i once had an shitepad that i could n't even run batch files on . 
  then i bought a nexus 10 . 
  aosp cured my apple cancer and turned me against crapple and its shitefones and shitepads . 
  i also hate micro $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ oft for not making the surface android . 
  even if it takes 2 years to ship i do n't care . 
  you want to know why ? 
  because it 's aosp . 
  it 's not tainted by carriers or brands . 
  it 's a pure android experience . 
  i 'll be on jellybean in 12 months when i get my nexus and even if half the phone market has better specs , i know my android experience will be pure . 
  good for you sinner, 
  that 's right fundies . 
  he did n't even need to change the title . 
  [ ] ( / checkmate ), 
  i 'm glad he put the reddit alien in .
