  that is the selfishness the pope was referring to . 
  and regardless of your concerns for overpopulation , the people who are breeding the most are unfortunately , those who can not take care of their children , namely impoverished families in africa . 
  the rich white guy who says `` i do n't want kids '' is a million times better financially equipped to take care of children than them , yet does n't bother because `` overpopulation '' lol . 
  the battery life of bricks is better , but there 's no contesting that the technical advantages of a smartphone are much greater . 
  i think though that they prove more of a distraction than a regular phone . 
  i sometimes just check my phone for the sake of it , rather than out of any real necessity . 
  doing this too often can lead to poor communication skills , since in any awkward situation you become accustomed to pulling out your phone . 
  tfw grandpa had the 4chonz in the 60s . 
  quality emoji defening . 
  came here to say this, 
  well greece is better than the majority of countries they came from , and of course before the financial crisis , the economy gave the illusion of being in good condition . 
  ### this . 
  ## aka an oxymoron , 
  geopolitics is a lot more complex than just `` oil . '', 
  their military is strong and they still have the nuclear arsenal from soviet times , however their economy is continually declining . 
  they 're behind brazil and italy in gdp terms . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 . 
  sad to see ireland is still being brainwashed . 
  i 'm so ashamed of my great second grandcousins heritage right now . 
  of course not . 
  they should have become evolue 's and adapted to the superior french culture . 
  that was the french colonial attitude . 
  this is exactly it . 
  how would you feel if a french person started speaking french to you in america , even if you knew french ? 
  it 's very arrogant to not even bother to make an effort for adapting to another culture while you 're visiting there . 
  in the last time this article came up , it was pointed out that there is a river just near sao paulo that could sustain the cities water needs , but it 's so polluted it 's unusable . 
  no , it 's just americans assuming all their immigrants are just as harmless as those from a war torn country . 
  eh ... it 's not great but it 's nowhere near as bad as it once was . 
  oh please . 
  if you think this is america bashing then grow some thicker skin . 
  yes , if you could n't be bothered to read the article , then your opinion on said article is worthless . 
  you need to push enter twice to begin a new line . 
  you ca n't fable the cabal . 
  you get a free burger, 
  shh . 
  do n't interrupt the great persecution complex . 
  the gall at these people comparing their middle class american upbringing to a country where apostasy is illegal is ridiculous . 
  yes things can be difficult in the south , especially in smaller rural communities , but it is nowhere near as bad as in the middle east . 
  i saw an interesting thing about the fermented date moonshine they make in sudan a while ago . 
  illicit alcohol from dates and other desert produce has long been a tradition in the arab world , even if it is illegal . 
  and yet hitler never took moscow . 
  he could have , and his generals were within reach of there , but decided to move his panzers to attack kiev instead , leaving the russians time to prepare their offensive . 
  well , we all know how that worked out ... 
  your comment contributes nothing and yet you got gold for pandering to reddits biases . 
  it is now the most expensive on earth , by quite a large margin . 
  mainland chinese buying tens of thousands of apartments as safe investments , as well as already limited housing for a expanding population all contributes to causing the problem . 
  thank you for your insightful comment . 
  i think a lot of negative opinions on sa come from expats in australia , uk , nz and elsewhere , who badmouth the place to help confirm their decision to leave at the end of apartheid . 
  sorry , i do n't particularly care for internet points . 
  i 'm glad you got yours though . 
  i honestly think that `` redditing right '' is doing life wrong . 
  the attitudes that this site encourages are intellectual laziness cloaked in elitism . 
  the whole structure of the site revolves round low effort content . 
  image links get greater upvotes than text content , because there 's less effort required to view them . 
  upvotes are just a means to validate a persons opinion now , even if according to `` reddiquette '' they 're not meant to be . 
  i think that partly , it 's a symptom of the overall low attention span our generation is cultivating , and i ca n't say i 've never been guilty of it myself . 
  but low effort content coupled with the one sided narrative promoted on this site , makes for a very poorly developed and warped worldview . 
  anyways , sorry if i was a bit snarky before but i 'm just sick of seeing terrible one liners becoming the top comments on this board . 
  you sound a pretty reasonable person though . 
  assad ( i think you mean the syrian army ) is not one of the most genocidal groups ever . 
  there is no evidence of genocide , even though you keep throwing out the word . 
  isis are deranged and completely deplorable . 
  assad is a poor leader , but sadly he 's better than the alternative . 
  does he do the ads too ? 
  america is much stricter with religion in public schools than we are , even if they are much more religious overall . 
  no , this is what children in a forced labour camp can expect . 
  knock off the hyperbole please.m, 
  i wish you were democratically elected jij , you fascist . 
  cheapest dealer is dj autos for jap imports . 
  really cheap prices , my brother bought one there this year . 
  you can probably get a early 2000s one round that price . 
  have you got a source for this ? 
  sure ... five years after release . 
  have you even been there ? 
  the christian subs are probably the most anti porn around . 
  i do n't think dworkin was really a fringe feminist to be fair . 
  i believe the term is `` sidehugs , not backhugs '', 
  protestants would disagree that the `` other '' needs to refer to a priest though . 
  okay '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` friend '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' . 
  i know you papists have your strange roman customs , so i 'm only going to repeat myself once . 
  ## get the friar out of here !, 
  i think more traditional protestant churches do practice personal confession , at least high anglicans do . 
  non denom 's and pentecostals certainly do n't . 
  are you seriously implying that the ` freedom from religion foundation ' is n't the most important charity on earth ? 
  can we get a ** fundie alert **, 
  i heard african kush turns you black . 
  is this true ? 
  ctrl + f `` i am white '', 
  was not disappointed . 
  underrated indie gem of a post . 
  what have starving africans ever done for me huh ? 
  what about the interspecied ? 
  at the moment , ff xv is the only thing holding me back from just buying a wii u. 
  if it 's as good as promised i think i 'll be getting a ps4 . 
  failed mine going past the bishopdale roundabout . 
  the lane curves and i just veered into the second lane coming out of it ... apparently . 
  i thought i was driving fine but instant fail . 
  i might go to rangiora for the second attempt . 
  like you i passed the restricted first time . 
  my sister in law is english and she failed hers in london about four times until passing .
