  i 'll also promise to never do anything , in line with the moderation rules of / r/atheism . 
  `` sign the petition or my twitter feed dies '' - ricky gervais, 
  worldnews links to good content though , even if the discussion can be racist . 
  [ this is a joke about the motherships moderation policy right ? 
  the premise of the lottery was explained though , it was because the people were incredibly superstitious and the people were killed as a blood sacrifice for the crops to grow . 
  considering blood sacrifice for agricultural reasons has occured many times throughout history , it 's not that ridiculous . 
  well that 's a pretty bad argument , even if the movie sucks . 
  i would never have heard of the film if it had n't been advertised here . 
  even if a movie is the greatest thing in the world , if it 's not advertised at all you 're not going to get much interest . 
  and even if a product is well known , companies still advertise . 
  coca cola , microsoft and all the worlds biggest corporations still advertise in order to get people talking about the brand/product and so they stay relevant . 
  nobody will ever be interested in anything if they never have the chance to hear about it . 
  that 's no promise . 
  you buy a license with them , they have no obligations to serve you if they go out of business . 
  do you think they will bother reworking their legal deals with the multitude of publishers on the platform to allow removing the drm ? 
  because it 's the last thing they 'll care about if they ran out of money . 
  buying a new os can mean losing part of your game library . 
  there are quite a few vista + titles out like just cause 2 , where you ca n't play with xp . 
  24 hour activation is stupid , no matter way you put it . 
  a lot has been blown over the top with this console but killing used games with 24 hour activation is going to make a lot of consumers and game shops angry . 
  spoken like someone who has never actually played anything on those consoles . 
  the wii had a lot of shovelware but nintendo released amazing games for the console , and developers actually made use of the `` gimmick '' . 
  is it that easy if your console is n't modded/jailbroken though ? 
  [ * who is jon galt desu xd !!, 
  * ] ( / spurdo ), 
  yet every ps1 game will work flawlessly on a ps2 ... 
  what part of the uk did you live in and where are your family living ? 
  agnostic which somehow = atheism and so sagan, 
  ( c ) mg-solid 2013, 
  no , it passes on to the queens heir charles . 
  the uk is n't an islamic country ... 
   `` why wall street invented itself '', 
   it did n't invent itself ... 
   `` to handle the finances of god 's ... for an interest '', 
   what the fuck ? 
  how many corporations with religious ties are on wall street ? 
  i do n't think people would disagree that it 's true , it 's just horribly innappropriate . 
  like a relative saying `` when do we get our money ? '', 
  at the funeral . 
  it 's technically true . 
  the depictions of christs pain in the bible and public humilation would have been more painful , but it was just horribly innappropriate and completely off topic to say it . 
  any line of `` our sins send natural disasters '' is just ridiculous . 
  proof https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vizbtztq0vc, 
  this is beautiful, 
  all it takes is to open the post to get to the image . 
  nay brother , all is well . 
  you see those who are enlightened are enlightened by their own intelligence , which in turn makes them euphoric . 
  these are the problems that we moan about, 
  come on ... we 've got to complain some more, 
  wow such a sub, 
  very nice, 
  click to subscribe, 
  yay, 
  my favourite was him asking for legal advice about marrying his underage girlfriend and becoming a world famous writer . 
  i suppose this was after becoming the ceo of google proved too complex for him to acheive . 
  ##### having to be greeted by 0.00001 % nazi mods is literally oppression . 
  fuck you fundie sheeple going along with this , also give me uprons, 
  stop oppressing me, 
  god is clearly dead because our maymays killed him . 
  i do n't need to read the gay science ( lol fag science amirite ? ), 
  to understand shit . 
  omg the lonely island i jizzed in my pants !!!, 
  oh my lord that video is cringeworthy . 
  upvote for comparing women to spat out chewing gum , it 's the way we get the message across !, 
  i 'm sorry for the oppression you 're facing :( . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't have many alts , but i upvoted out of sympathy . 
  which is literally the opposite of some phony god !, 
  `` gay , , sweedish , autistic , fedoras , mountain dew , agnostic , scientists , science , logic , reason ... atheist '' tomato , tomato etc. 
  it 's all redundant . 
  i found a transsexual atheist narwhal being attacked by bibles that i rescued from republicans outside a church . 
  australia is regarded as having quite a racist history . 
  read up on the `` white australia '' policy and the way they treated aboriginals , it was appalling . 
  come on guys , can we just make fun of the shirt he was wearing without calling him a redneck hick ? 
  jim henson took acid, 
  when everyone makes the `` lol been molested yet ? '', 
  jokes i imagine it would be pretty tiring, 
  i disagree with the atheists in foxholes saying , although i think the end meaning ( people turn to religion in general when going through hard times ) has truth . 
  however there are tons of atheist soldiers out there , so your point does n't really make any sense either . 
  tell your sister that volunteering and serving will convince them more than any bible verse would . 
  i thought finland was the scandinavian black sheep ? 
  haha such a british name . 
  i 've got some devout christian relatives in london , but it does seem like religion is very much a private matter in the uk . 
  from what i 've read and from the services i went to in london it seems that immigrants are actually the most devout christians , so i do n't really get the racism thing . 
  are the edl that christian ? 
  what religion is that ? 
  um , pleasing your husband . 
  i know , but i figured he 'd get down voted/reported anyways . 
  #### you would know if you were a scientist . 
  get lost fundie scum . 
  edit : thank you kind gentlesir for the gold . 
  sagan smiles upon you . 
  i thought they were getting used to some of the changes but there 's nothing but complaints . 
  there 's literally no atheist articles in protest of their maymays . 
  oh my sagan can you imagine the bravehurt ? 
  it would be the greatest event in reddit history . 
  attention : this post was stolen from / r/magicskyfairy http://www.reddit.com/r/magicskyfairy/comments/1g0av5/im_40_years_old_have_been_knighted_been_to_the/ please upvote for awareness of internet points being robbed, 
  nmnr ; too long amirite ? 
  when i see the wbc or conservatives trying to enforce intelligent design in the states i do n't think i should n't call myself a christian . 
  do n't let some idiots influence who you call yourself , thankfully this type are mostly limited to the internet and their parents basements so most of the world do n't have to deal with them . 
  his point is that the quality dies , not the sub itself .
