  what ... jesus said to love everybody ? 
  screw that !, 
  please send me some, 
  go to auckland , it 's only like an hour away by car, 
  i would support him over romney , however if paul got the nomination i 'd support paul . 
  hold on guys which is better , ron paul or atheism ? 
  he 's not running any more , that 's why nobody 's mentioning him, 
  i very much doubt that was the only reason, 
  and they wonder why people pirate . . ;, 
  sorry about the url post , it goes nowhere . 
  i was thinking perhaps anonymous , lulzsec or one of the other groups might get behind something like this . 
  any thoughts ? 
  carl sagan 's head on a lion ? 
  he also endorsed ron paul over gingrich when he was surging, 
  hey , he actually used it in the right conte ... oh ... ok, 
  upvotes for you good sir/gentlemen/scholar sir sir, 
  upvote this if you 're upvote 1528 !, 
  god that was awful . 
  i 'd done a website on samarkand for my web design class just before he made that statement, 
  that senator tom whatever seemed pretty earnest . 
  some of the senators that have endorsed him could be possible running mates . 
  actually now thinking about it , gary johnson is probably the most ideologically similar . 
  a radical peace preaching prophet suspected of terrorism was killed in jerusalem today . 
  jesus christ who calls himself ` the son of god ' was elimintated in a raid on his house by the us army . 
  after inviting the soldiers into his house and feeding them he was subsequently shot against the wall on direct orders of the president . 
  congress have praised the operation claiming `` he was a threat to america and needed to be eliminated . '', 
  santorums pic is groovy man, 
  sorry i see tech support is the sub i wanted . 
  i 'll delete this post, 
  santorum is definitely ` overly sensitive , there was no way the question was targeted at him and yet he still tried to get up on his high horse . 
  it 's not a free market when you 've got 6 media corporations controlling what you see . 
  well i 'm sorry but if a state wants to repeal abortion that 's its constitutional right . 
  get out and protest if you 're really concerned about it . 
  really ? 
  so a collapse of the financial system , american citizens being indefinitely detained , reddit and other sites being shut down due to sopa , ongoing wars overseas without congressional approval , blatant disregard and ignorance towards the constitution , a mess of a healthcare system , a federal reserve that bails out corporations that should be going bankrupt by creating 7 trillion dollars the american people need to pay for and a massive hike in taxes due to economic ignorance ... all of these are more important than you not being allowed to abort your unborn child ? 
  i doubt you could agree with honesty, 
  that 's nice that you 're reaching out and all but it 's very unlikely you 'll find perry supporters on reddit . 
  huntsman there were quite a few but the social conservatism of perry probably put many off . 
  damn not looking good . 
  at least this is going to derail romneys front runner status for a while, 
  does an american politician care about atheists ? 
  seriously ? 
  where are you coming from ? 
  i ca n't offer a place but have you tried trademe ? 
  if anyone but paul gets the nomination obama has hands down won . 
  the movement is dead because they had no specific goals . 
  they just wanted less corruption , but none of them could agree on how to do it . 
  did n't you listen when they said he was omnipresent ? 
  he 's probably on twitter too, 
  there are a lot of churches in jakarta and the bigger cities and in the celebes area has a majority catholic population , however there have been a huge amount of church burning and christian persecution in the smaller islands and especially the area where sharia ' h is in place . 
  tearing up a bible and calling a religion a ` murderous cult ' is a bit more severe than claiming god does n't exist . 
  this guy did n't insult islam ... though obviously a lot of muslims took it that way . 
  well actually it is . 
  it 's not a fact , so it 's something he believes . 
  oh god , please let this be a shitty poe troll, 
  i respect that you 've done some research but coming from a christian ken ham teaches very biased and innacurate science . 
  i 'd recommend looking at some other sources as well ( those from a non christian side ) as they 'll give you another side to think about . 
  also , there are some respected christian biologists that you could look at as well . 
  it 's only when looking at both sides when we can really see the story . 
  a lot of r/christianity believes in theistic evolution , that god helped to guide the process . 
  a gazillion delegates !, 
  to be fair , ~ ~ christianity ~ ~ us biblical literalist christians are a joke . 
  ftfy, 
  yes , i honestly believe so . 
  however , i believe his main objective is a resurrection of the republican party of old . 
  if paul can even come in second place and deliver a key note speech at the convention , if he can challenge the lazy and hostile establishment that currently run the party to wake up and realize what needs to be done and actually return to a constitutional government then he would have gotten all he and we dreamed of anyways . 
  could someone actually hack the vote machines ? 
  any info on greece ? 
  surprising that japan is the worst offender, 
  i agree that burden of proof derives with whoevers making the claim . 
  however i 'm just disputing your claim that the atheist does n't have a ` belief ' or a ` belief ' system . 
  of course he does , if something is not a fact , has not been definitely proven then you must look at the argument and formulate a belief yourself . 
  in any shari'ah state you will find apostasy laws drawn from the hadiths , denouncing jews and christians as infidels . 
  i know that muhammad supposedly said jews and christians are ` people of the book ' but he also supposedly said they should be killed as well . 
  you atheists seem to just hate the semantics . 
  you can call it a ` reasonable assumption ' or whatever the hell you like , but whatever you believe to be true is a ` belief ' whether based on fact or fallacy all we hold true is a belief . 
  this is downtown tehran guys !!!, 
  bet they never heard about the candlelight vigils and marches supporting the us in tehran right after 9/11 . 
  why do you call them ` zionists ' ? 
  because they support israel ? 
  most in the us do ... would n't ` corporate puppets ' be more applicable . 
  doubt many of his ` kooks ' were watching bill o'reilly at the time . 
  i also doubt many fox viewers are aware of the ` dubious sounding , secret cia plots in iran ' which was why he was pointing them out . 
  muslim men can marry anyone however marrying a non muslim would be highly frowned upon by the community . 
  and what was wrong about what i said , name one shari'ah state where apostasy is legal . 
  name one islamic state or even a muslim majority nation which does n't have reprisals against people leaving the faith . 
  he means countries in christendom ... countries with a christian heritage . 
  you americans do n't know how well you have things religiously . 
  yeah , boo hoo you 're country is n't 99 % atheist but you do n't have your ` fundamentalist ' christians calling for peoples fucking limbs to be chopped off . 
  i would say one of those central or west african country that has a coup every 4 or 5 years would be pretty easy to take over . 
  why do you hate our reason !!, 
  read the new testament , read the old after learning about it . 
  yer terk ma jerb and ner youl pay !!!, 
  and lo the lord said `` stop using my name to promote your bigoted agenda rick '', 
  we already have one , people think he 's being ` isolationist ' even though he promotes trade with them . 
  new zealand here , love the guy . 
  america needs to spend money on cum , it 's their only chance . 
  santorum 2012 !!, 
  have you been back to christchurch since the feb quake ? 
  the city is far from dead \u00e1s some would like you to believe but it is a very different place,
