  there have been a lot of criticism over your writing style being unnecessarily verbose . 
  do you pay much attention to them at all ? 
  aside from italy , have you travelled elsewhere overseas ? 
  what was your favourite pizza there ? 
  to mayan priests : what makes you believe ripping out the hearts of devotees is moral ? 
  this is n't phrased as a question or debate . 
  to be fair , i do n't think reddit has ever claimed to be family friendly . 
  it 's a site that prides itself on its ~ ~ racism , stupidity , self hatred ~ ~ `` edginess '', 
  `` ending is better than mending . '', 
  `` take your soma '', 
  your flair does n't lie , silas !, 
  any book about a conspiracy theory is never going to be historically accurate . 
  when he said he did `` research '' what it means is he looked for some actual historical concepts , then exaggerated them and attempted to tie them into his fictional narrative . 
  if you head on over to / r/askhistorians or / r/badhistory and talk about dan brown , or just do a cursory google search on the historical accuracy of his books you 'll realize the `` research '' he did , was as much was neccessary to tell his story . 
  i enjoyed the da vinci code when i read it years ago , but even with barely doing any research on the subjects i knew some of the concepts were far from accurate . 
  thanks for doing the ama , it sounds like you 've had a really interesting upbringing . 
  what are your thoughts on the state of religion in sweden at the moment ? 
  reddit is predominantly atheist , and often proclaims the nordic countries as bastions of irreligion and progressivism . 
  do you feel the church will ever grow again in sweden ? 
  my other question is related to turkey . 
  last year the protests in gezi park brought the attention of the world to erdogan and his increasingly non secular policies such as cracking down on alcohol and womens rights . 
  have you felt the effects of this political change ? 
  my old anglican church did , we lit the candles and ate the advent calendars ... usually the same week we got them !, 
  i 'd pay to see an action film called `` only doge forgives '', 
  there 's a phrase i 've never heard before haha, 
  you could possibly do it over skype , if it was a church celebrating it with some of their missionaries or something ? 
  i teared up a bit at to the moon , but most videogames do n't have that profound a story . 
  when i was younger i cried when the kid died in pay it forward . 
  how does the camera compare to the z ultra 's ? 
  how have you found the switch from android to wp - in regards to music transfer , contact syncing . 
  is there some sort of stylus substitute . 
  the z ultra 's ability to use any pen seemed pretty cool . 
  do you miss the waterproof features ? 
  does it fit in your pocket ? 
  i know this is question overload , i 'm just quite interested in the phone . 
  i 'm thinking of possibly switching from android , but like the look of the z1 and the ultra 's similar . 
  honestly the best i 've seen is blue like jazz . 
  it 's not a typical christian film in that it 's not preachy , it covers sex , addiction , homosexuality and other actually relevant topics . 
  it 's funny and most importantly genuinely well acted . 
  despite the mixed reviews i promise it 's a very good film . 
  amen . 
  using your talents to the best of your ability pleases god . 
  creating great music , art , writing or any other art form so long as explicitly sinful or self serving is exactly why god gave us them in the first place !, 
  our talents contribute to who we are as a person and who god made us to be . 
  so long as we realize that they come from him , denying them simply because it 's not explicitly christian is ridiculous . 
  perhaps the sad truth is , the only reason we relegate it as a `` secular '' work is because even though the entire story may be about redemption , it 's genuinely good at telling it . 
  also hugo was n't writing a story just for catholics , he was writing it for everyone . 
  is n't that the best way of spreading christian ideas , by having it written for everyone , not just the stuck in a bubble christian culture ? 
  echoing blue like jazz as others in the thread . 
  best christian movie all round in my opinion, 
  it 's only if the content itself is nsfw that they can label it , you ca n't really police peoples responses . 
  nobody under 15 should visit this site though that 's for sure . 
  i think kids are getting exposed to more mature stuff far earlier with the internet now . 
  i 'm 20 so i 'm part of the first generation to have grown up with it . 
  now with fiber coming soon and kids using the internet earlier , i think a lot more childhoods are going to be messed up faster . 
  it 's great that they there 's the endless knowledge available , but the internet is becoming so ubiquitous that they 'll be finding the darker stuff earlier and eartlier . 
  i mean kids will be getting their views on society from reddit and 4chan , that 's a scary thought . 
  religion is buzz buzz bullshit amirite ? 
  upmanuka to the left, 
  it 's amazing and only takes like four hours . 
  there 's little gameplay it 's more like an interactive story . 
  you mean the truth ^ tm, 
  `` yes , your majesty . 
  the anglican infiltration of the ` americans ' is progressing finely '', 
  i do n't think dinosaurs cared much about virginity to be honest, 
  sadly , 22 probably is quite old . 
  it 's likely teenage daughters that are being sold off to be married . 
  it 's so that the family does n't starve as well as the daughter . 
  what are they going to get out of giving them away when they have nothing else ? 
  but of course you definitely care by calling them `` mudslimes '', 
  i think it 's more that most of them are `` nerdy '' and because of this redditors think they might have a chance with them if they met them . 
  they 're not just doing it to help themselves , they 're doing it to provide for their family which the daughter is a part of . 
  if you are barely surviving in a refugee camp , you know that despite how shitty these misogynistic saudi 's are , they will at least feed and clothe your daughter , and the money will provide for your family for a few years . 
  to them , when they are that desperate it 's seen as a better decision than keeping the family together . 
  what type of cok is up ur asz ? 
  i wonder if the prisoners made friendship bracelets too, 
  thinks he knows shit about reddit, 
  i think modern western yoga has basically divorced the act of all spiritual meaning , but traditional indian yoga is very much grounded in hinduism . 
  i can see why someone would avoid it if the instructor is guiding them through hindu meditation whilst doing the exercise . 
  mushroom , onion and marshmellow casserole ? 
  i knew you lutherans were a bit odd . 
  i did the same for the 3ds . 
  those who got it at launch were stung with a nasty price point that was quickly discounted ( though they did give gba games to early adopters ) and a miserable launch line up . 
  now coupled with a supercard ds two for ds backups + gba emulation and i love it !, 
  for me , i 'm holding off to see if they do release kingdom hearts 3 on pc . 
  if not , it will probably be discounted a bit by then so that 's when i 'll pick it up . 
  the new uncharted + ff xv is going to be amazing as well . 
  have you done much remote play with your vita ? 
  i 've got a cfw ps3 so it can remote play anything , so that 's tempting me to pick one up . 
  have you tried pikmin 3 , wonderful 101 or the new mario ? 
  does the wii menu hack go away with new system updates ? 
  i find cod is pretty good on pc actually . 
  i remember i had to do some stupid network configuration thing to get multiplayer working though . 
  that 's really odd . 
  mw3 has them and the newer ones as well . 
  have they announced when ps1 + ps2 games are going to be sold on psn ? 
  i think largely because they were reusing a lot of gamecube components + design, 
  twilight princess ' controls on wii were average . 
  play the gamecube version which it was first designed for and you 'll enjoy it more . 
  later on it gets really good too .
