  well he 's crazy , but probably sane enough to know there was no point continuing his rant if he was n't on camera . 
  i do n't think this proves much . 
  i think most disney or pixar films are really rewatchable . 
  i 've seen the lion king , tarzan and finding nemo way too many times . 
  [ le anime rage ( true story ) ], 
  was his name / u/jij by any chance ? 
  pretty sure this guy 's a troll . 
  he uses god and terminology straight out of msf, 
  they follow le lieble obviously . 
  anyone who disagrees with him is clearly a fundie , what atheist would n't follow such a brave soul ? 
  perhaps . 
  but they love the land israel , just not the government . 
  they do n't want to live anywhere else . 
  judaism is ethnoreligious , the religion stays within the same race/family through the mother . 
  so yes , you are being racist . 
  you did n't come here for a debate . 
  you came here to try to appear more intelligent than the rest of this sub . 
  i 'm sorry to inform you that nobody is going to massage your ego though , i 'm sorry . 
  also your use of emoticons and quotes like, 
  `` my confusion ? 
  that 's rich !, 
  i ... digress . 
  never heard of it , but it sounds stupid . 
  christianity is wrong . 
  they would n't need a book to quote if they could actually defend themselves . 
  are just incredibly smug and pretentious . 
  oh really , so is anyone quoting a book defending atheism automatically wrong too ? 
  lol i win !, 
  [ i like how even though the board is / r/debateachrisitian and there already is / r/debateanatheist he 's determined to make the conversation all about him . 
  what a brave soul ] ( / ooc ), 
  the average person does n't need to know how to use scripting tools . 
  however if the average person ca n't fix a basic error message on their computer , needing to call the it dept because their printer cable is n't plugged in then over time it 's a lot of unnecessary costs that could easily be saved . 
  a film is more than its acting . 
  animated films are different sure , but it still takes humans to draw and create the human emotions , stories and pictures that the films express . 
  tell that to the people boycotting enders game, 
  la delicatesse is fantastic . 
  i recommend priceless ( hors de prix ) as well, 
  well i 've heard the argument is that `` they 're not benefiting from their work '' since they 're dead . 
  homophobia is disgusting , but at the same time it seems people will happily boycot a work of art who 's author is homophobic , while turning a blind eye to polanski 's crime for minors for example . 
  i believe that `` job '' is called retirement, 
  yeah , it 's fine to respect the culture and customs , acting more respectfully but if it comes to groping , they should know it 's flat out wrong, 
  yeah and the next time you 're in russia ask them what they think of gay people . 
  what a great idea !, 
  i agree but there are some things you just should n't do when travelling . 
  everyone has their form of bigotry and we should n't tolerate disgustingly homophobic or sexist views , however if you bring their bigotry up just to provoke people it 's just a stupid idea , and could get you badly harmed especially in a very conservative islamic country . 
  if you 're really interested i think they have short animated films on youtube already, 
  ## atheism is n't a religion you fucking fundie . 
  it 's a relationship with the universe !, 
  why would you do that to yourself . 
  what kind of entertainment or meaning are you going to get by watching a fucked up scat film ? 
  triskaidekaphobia - fear of the number thirteen is my go to long word . 
  i would never remember yours . 
  better than 10 obnoxious logos with social networks nobody uses anymore . 
  share on facebook/twitter/g + / myspace/reddit/digg / bebo/orkut/friendster / friendworld, 
   ave maria, 
   hail mary , mother of christ, 
  wake up sheeple !!, 
  how do you know . 
  are n't you american too ? 
  so brave, 
  pretty much the reason why he would never do an ama on reddit . 
  when are you gon na legalize weed bro ? 
  are you an atheist ? 
  when 's your next gay wedding lololol, 
  preparation for the blood sacrifice, 
  a plane ? 
  sounds like witchcraft to me !, 
  you do n't need to apologize for your entire country every time an american does something stupid . 
  i think we should like , get rid of borders , maan !, 
  list of reasons ? 
  - language differences, 
  - biosecurity/health risks . 
  freedom for hiv + people to immigrate wherever they want ? 
  - drug smuggling/human trafficking / policing different countries from criminals . 
  massive legal issues, 
  - over imigration to certain areas . 
  millions would move to uk , us , australia , canada etc from africa , south america and lesser causing huge economic instability . 
  would basically ruin the worlds economy . 
  - cultural conflict . 
  over immigration increases racism and xenophobia . 
  there will be riots and it will be hard for people to integrate into different societies . 
  in almost every area possible it will cause massive problems . 
  world war three would probably occur too . 
  that does n't stop stupid questions from being asked, 
  socrates was red pill for this ~ ~ shit ~ ~ world !, 
  - people do n't just `` learn languages '' it takes quite a long time . 
  it requires cultural immersion and in many countries if it 's hard to be immersed , people will stick to their own language groups and never learn, 
  - yes but how do you police the health risks . 
  there are diseases we do n't have here simply because they 're contained by borders, 
  - legalizing all drugs is a stupid idea . 
  i agree with marijuana being legalized but something like cocaine or meth should n't be available , and will lead to more people getting addicted and having overdoses , ruining the health system that 's already in shambles due to diseases from open borders, 
  - if there was open borders would you move to malawi or to new york ? 
  because that 's exactly what everyone in the third world is going to do , move to countries with better infrastructure . 
  mass population moves bring huge economic instability . 
  - cultural and racial diversity is great , but a mass influx of any non french people to paris for example would bring their culture with them , and now paris has lost its majority chic cafe culture . likewise millions of white americans moving to jamaica would diminish the local culture , making it a minority and less significant . 
  how does cultural funding work when there 's no majority culture anymore . 
  culture would just become homogenized . 
  the idea sounds nice in principle but you need real restrictions in place like the eu for it to happen , and it wo n't happen at all with the state of third world countries in africa . 
  there was a speech at my school , about career and life , no real mention of religion . 
  then out of the blue , he presented everyone with a task .
