  i bet the girl in the picture does . 
  hihihi off her own misandry . 
  le new meme : hihihi, 
  micro $ $ oft probably wo n't even let these brave letsplay channels make money off their art either . 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm only speaking for brazil , argentina and venezuela at least where i know it 's the case . 
  one example i see is when they attribute a quote to jesus , without noting that it 's a parable . 
  there 's one example of being out of context . 
  when you 're given a one sentence quote without knowing what the rest of the chapter or book is about , the verse is out of context . 
  it 's not just atheists though . 
  i 've seen many examples of christians cherrypicking atheist quotes or quotes by `` scientists '' . 
  people will misquote anything if it fits their biases, 
  a dilemma in the religious community of misquoting people ? 
  i do n't think so , it occurs in any circle where people disagree with one another . 
  do you think it 's a dilemma which the skeptic community should address ? 
  my guess is you probably do n't , because any group can do it . 
  people should take more care to honestly represent the opposing sides argument though . 
  right , i 'm sorry about the generalization . 
  i just disagree that it 's a major dilemma nor specific to the religious community which seems to be what you 're insinuating . 
  it 's just a flawed arguing technique , which is n't specifically religious or affiliated with any group . 
  misrepresenting an oppositions position by taking quotes or verses out of context occurs anywhere . 
  i agree it occurs frequently , but i do n't think it 's that big of a dilemma . 
  yes reddit . 
  let 's not forget to criticize people even when they 're doing a good job . 
  reddit insisted that gawker links be banned in the name of `` free speech '', 
  downvotes : nice job fundies . 
  always trying to stop the truth coming out . 
  the fact that both parties do wrong , should n't shield either side from being criticized . 
  there are no pure intentions in politics . 
  i 've heard really good things about ceviche , have you tried it ? 
  there 's a restaurant specializing it that started in london last year . 
  i 'm planning on trying it next time i 'm over . 
  saviour of aosp , lord of the xda neckbeards !, 
  my favourite moment of reddit 's political contrarianism is when they upvoted north korean propoganda in / r/videos . 
  i mean , how do you even jerk to that ? 
  ###### nsa also detected, 
  yep , because nobody uses ebay or buys anything off the internet ... 
  [ * hehe relevant username * ] ( / spurdo ), 
  despite how stupid this is , it 's actually pretty impressive . 
  outlook is better . 
  source : have both . 
  the product makes a lot of sense , but it seems like a forced social network . 
  hangouts is amazing though . 
  and they 're definitely not retiring it . 
  it 's growing really well due to everyone with youtube or gmail having it forced down their digital throats . 
  the chines like pirated xp distros if that 's what you mean . 
  also imagine your grandmother 's knowledge of computers and then times that by five . 
  that 's a lot of chinese peoples computer knowledge , due to it being a very recent thing . 
  ie 6-8 sure , but 9 is n't that bad is it . 
  it 's ie9 + with css3, 
  both sides take each others arguments to the extremes, 
  `` hey , so i know you 're building wells and all but god does n't exist and you clearly have other motives . 
  edit : hey downvoters , stop closing your stupid minds '', 
  `` based on this one shitty comment / r/atheism is invading us !!, 
  dae atheists are literally worse than westboro bapists ? '', 
  it was definitely right to hate it prior to the jij takeover . 
  it was almost entirely unmoderated and flowing with bigoted content . 
  not to mention incredibly jerky and predicatable spawning droves of copypasta , there was also a ridiculous persecution complex amongst subscribers exemplified in shit like / r/antiatheismwatch and any of the comments after skeen was removed . 
  now i agree , it 's a decent enough well moderated sub . 
  nobody 's forced to see it and the worst of the subscribers have moved into / r/atheismrebooted . 
  this is n't even / r/atheism drama either . 
  or , you know . 
  / r/circlebroke 's new sidebar quote in 1 ... 2 ... 
   using the word `` fundie '', 
  but seriously , i do n't even know what 's going on in that thread . 
  zoophilia is completely natural . 
  tell your son it 's fine , and that you have the backing of reddit :3, 
  not to mention `` gaystarnews.com '' as well . 
  i mean i know we 're biased to the articles in it , but seriously ... 
  we should do a kickstarter , but not on that heathen website . 
  has christstarter.com started yet ? 
  you can all compromise and meet up in new zealand !, 
  oh hihi pac i see u everywhere !, 
  hihi brosenfeld , it just shows she only cares about showing her meme . 
  maybe le meme girl will have sex with me !, 
  [ make me a mod reese you stupid fundie , and i 'll change it for you . 
  in fact i could probably just pm you , changing the background image is pretty damn easy . 
  i 'll have to admit , this one 's better than most of them . 
  also wtf manwithoutmodem , i see u everywhere !, 
  you might even say ... hardcore . 
  * no sex party, 
  do you think with a name like `` the sex party '' they honestly thought their policies through ? 
  well if you go into subreddit settings , stylesheet look for whatever the image is tagged as ( i looked and see \\ #neckbeard , but it could be a different image . 
  there will be width and height set for the background-image property . 
  it 's pretty simple but upload whatever image you want to use , and replace the instances of \\ #neckbeard or whatever with that keeping all other values for it . 
  try and keep the same proportions of the width/height though , otherwise it probably wo n't fit properly . 
  hope that helps , changing images is pretty easy ] ( / ooc ), 
  yeah , i do n't think they 're that serious . 
  they 've chosen some popular topics ( i agree with a few of them too ) but ultimately unless they have some clear policy on how to implement them , they 're not going to do that well . 
  / r/cringepics is basically / r/ihatememes, 
  this is just sick . 
  even the mods are being downvoted for exposing the truth . 
  ** there is an anti meme agenda . 
  you 're just proving it with your downvotes memeaphobes !!, 
  what 's a gerudo ? 
  wow . 
  ign ( orance ) 's rating does n't mean shit . 
  le totalbiscuit 's wtf , giant bomb 's look at or zero punctuation are the only reviews that matter . 
  sonic343 is confirmed as a fucking ign shill . 
  do n't break the jerk ...
