  we also have pretty low rates compared to the rest of the world - i 've a japanese friend here and studying at the polytech in nz is cheaper than uni in japan for example . 
  you 'll find plenty of canto + mandarin speakers in auckland too . 
  i personally am taking great pleasure from hearing all the conservitards whining . 
  boo hoo we want to secede ... maybe because your values absolute shit huh ? 
  maybe the rest of america is sick of them . 
  remember kids , science always wins !, 
  thank sagan i can finally tell my fundie mum to shove it !, 
  fuck friendzoning women amirite ? 
  le relevant user name, 
  [ * end the fed !, 
  [ * i 'll end it more * ] ( / / #garyquote ), 
  so the gays are `` born that way '' and then when we say the poor are the liberals do n't accept it ? 
  have n't you people read ~ ~ atlas shrugged ! ~ ~ the bible, 
  that 's fantastic !, 
  if this actually happens i 'll have my popcorn ready . 
  you should have used a proper email though, 
  i 'd like an alister crowley ama as well, 
  i can even direct you to a board where you can acquire decent karma for such acts . 
  they might even justify your acts for you if you ask nicely . 
  hey , um , why do you hate gay people ? 
  checkmate sallies !, 
  you 'll be most welcome in / r/liberalreality . 
  / r/politics has gotten too soft on conservatives recently , so we 're here to fill the void . 
  slavery exists in america - it 's called the republican party, 
  i think the golden path is one of the most ridiculous subs i 've seen in a while . 
  this is their top post http://i.imgur.com/xhq4n.jpg dae sheeple ? 
  definitely the best approach . 
  saves you getting a seperate data plan as well, 
  and what an email account it is . 
  so you will be getting a reply then . 
  so i was standing in a rather large line at my local warehouse today behind a couple families that i know from when i went to church with my family in year younger . 
  it was the only register open so there was n't much of another option to get my 12 pack of mountain dew for a party i was heading to . 
  i was wondering why the line was going nowhere when i decided to poke my head up front to see what the holdup was . 
  it was a little old lady who did n't have enough for her groceries and she was trying to talk the cashier into letting her get away with being short . 
  this struck me as odd until i found out she was a mere $ 0.21 short of her purchase . 
  now all these families were just staring and there was even two making fun of her . 
  i walked up and handed my soda to the cashier , handed him a $ 5 and told her to keep the change . 
  one of the middle aged women ( i knew these people , so i also knew that they all make over 6 digits ) grabbed her kid and yelled very loudly , `` see that man ? 
  he 's acting just like jesus wants us to . '', 
  for some reason this set me off , so i turned around . 
  i have n't shaved in awhile so i 'm rocking some nice scruff , a slayer shirt , and gym shorts , so it must have been a nice sight . 
  very loudly , i said `` like jesus ? 
  ma'am i 'm an atheist who makes minimum wage and i was the one who stepped up to help her ? 
  your hypocritical christianity is an inspiration to us all . '', 
  as i stormed out , a couple of the cart boys started to whistle and cheer , soon shoppers joined in and even the cashier . 
  i gave a wave and went off with a feeling of accomplishment, 
  i personally think its fair for older games no longer sold , and in order to buy them you need to go to ebay.things like ps1 and snes games where they 're not easily available and which dont make the developer any profit.there 's nothing worse than watching someone try to justify pirating skyrim or some other modern title though . 
  the article definitely proves he is an atheist . 
  no christian would ever support gay rights because they 're all rethuglicans . 
  qed obama is an atheist, 
  never have i ever thought it was possible, 
  that one beautiful day , we would radiate bravery across the cosmos, 
  never in the deepest depths of my dreams, 
  have i ever found smugness this magnficient, 
  that would let us be one with science , one beautiful day . 
  his wise teachings shall be written in the book of sagan . 
  this guy gets it !, 
  i think the 32 + 64 gig versions have only been released to korean carriers . 
  i `` ve googled and the usual import dealers ( clove , expansys etc ) only have the 16 gig international model . 
  it would have been nice for them to release a 32 gig model overseas at least , since you can no longer install apps to the sd card . 
  what ? 
  it 's a copypasta , that 's the entire point, 
  i find meaning owning fundies on my computer screen , not helping in the community waiting for a fairy tale . 
  just try it man ... 
  it 's called being brave . 
  you obviously know nothing about it, 
  [ ] ( / checkmate ), 
  `` i hope i 've set you free ... '' yes brave keyboard warrior . 
  you have opened his eyes to ** truth ** of the science spirit . 
  i think the rebels goals are admirable , but both sides are guilty of real bloodshed . 
  they were joined by the jihadists who want to instill an islamic state . 
  presumably the first rebels are still fighting , but they 're joined by the jihadists and islamists as well, 
  dialogue was just rubbish as well, 
  you missed the most upvoted comments in any arab spring article about syria, 
  fuck you concern troll, 
  working through the people inspired to help their fellow man ... 
  oh wait , he 's not real . 
  fuck religion !!, 
  this shit just made me mad . 
  at least most people knew it was n't the time or place . 
  here 's another one of those ones, 
  a white heteronormative cisgendered ceo professor and baptist preacher was teaching a class on karl rove , known christian . 
  `` before the class begins , you must get on your knees and worship jesus christ and accept that you too can become straight through daily prayer , self-flagellation , and eating chik-fil-a every day ! '', 
  at this moment , a brave , trans-asian , self-diagnosed pansexual demiromantic vegan multisouled person who had been free of all animal products and only bought products at the local transgender co-op boldly stood up , holding a glass filled with some white liquid . 
  `` hey , professor , what is this ? '', 
  the arrogant professor smirked like a rapist and smugly replied `` it 's clearly milk , you crazy faggot . 
  what the fuck does milk have to do with political science ? '', 
  `` wrong . 
  it 's an all natural vegan soy almond kombucha latte . 
  no animals or transpeople were harmed or raped in the making of this product . '', 
  the professor was visibly shaken , and dropped his chalk and copy of the wall street journal . 
  he stormed out of the room , clearly planning some kind of rape . 
  the professor realized that he had been playing into the hands of the kyriarchy of ceos , investment bankers , the religious right , and psychiatrists . 
  he then killed himself . 
  the proper term for this is `` trans-dead '' . 
  the students checked their privilege , all diagnosed themselves with autism and gender identity disorder and joined the gay-straight alliance . 
  an obese trans-eagle furry otherkin waddled into the room and tried to perch upon the american flag , bending the flagpole in the process . 
  all parties involved gave up meat , christianity , and the right to bear arms . 
  the students all lifted their glasses of soy fluid in a toast . 
  `` that beverage 's name ?
