  you 're right . 
  the poll was commissioned by `` nz republic '' . 
  i assume he 's talking about political protection rather than the royal navy swinging by, 
  bear in mind the sample size is small and the poll was commissioned by nz republic , hardly an unbiased organization . 
  as others have said in the worldnews thread , people are generally pretty happy with the status quo . 
  republicanism is nowhere near as strong as it is in australia , and it 's at a low point over there . 
  we 're also happy to have the shared ties with you guys too < 3, 
  i find it funny that you 're trying to make unionist some sort of derogatory term . 
  perhaps not the commonwealth , but a constitutional monarchy and impartial head of state provides certain political safeguards . 
  your angst is delicious . 
  please keep typing . 
  well thank you dr wario for giving me the right advice :d, 
  seconding this . 
  their customer service is always top notch , at least compared to anz . 
  what 's wrong with charlie 's ? 
  i 'm afraid the price of the upgrade has put me off a macbook , which is a bit of a shame . 
  having to pay another $ 500 for a reasonable amount of hard drive space is just ridiculous . 
  if they had kept the 2012 era sata port they would have had a sale . 
  i vote for disneyland and puppies . 
  the british did n't even want to create pakistan , it was jinnah and the all india muslim league that essentially demanded it . 
  it was exactly the same time as india gained independence , given that britain had to negotiate with all major parties including gandhi , jinnah ( who insisted that pakistan was non negotiable ) and nehru who recognized that due to the religious tensions pakistan was inevitable . 
  it was indian muslims that wanted pakistan to be created . 
  how on earth was it `` divide and conquer '' when it was britain was giving the people their independence ? 
  other than losing the cost of administering india , not really . 
  yeah i remember just giving up on the game, 
  supposedly color splash is at least playable and has a better game world , but yeah the card/sticker system is very divisive . 
  `` there 's got ta be high noon somewhere in the world . '', 
  people always parrot the idea that the memory card was what killed the vita , but it was a minor side issue . 
  if you bought all your games boxed you would only need a 4 gig one for saves . 
  the real problem was terrible marketing and sony giving up on first party titles after a year when sales of the device were n't as they expected . 
  monster hunter is huge in japan but never sold that well in the west until recently . 
  [ look at what games moved psp units ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_best-selling_video_games#playstation_portable ) . 
  god of war , final fantasy , daxter , gran turismo , kingdom hearts etc. 
  all the big name games associated with sony consoles . 
  i admit the vita was a victim of the smartphone behemoth , but it did n't stop nintendo from selling units because they had their core franchises and the games to move units . 
  nintendo could release zero games on the 3ds other than pokemon and it would sell in the millions . 
  sony needed to go all out with their first party franchises , even if sales were n't great . 
  instead they abandoned the system to jrpgs and indie titles after a year of poor sales . 
  a lack of games killed the vita , the memory cards and everything else was just incidental . 
  no it 's not . 
  the biggest issue was that the vita simply did n't have games consumers were interested in . 
  i 've elaborated more in another comment . 
  psp memory cards were also incredibly overpriced at launch and were proprietary to sony devices as well . 
  it did n't stop the psp from selling . 
  we 're referring to the vita , not the psp . 
  after the first year the vita had nothing but jrps and indies . 
  you probably would have got more value out of your wii u if you hacked the vwii mode . 
  you can play wii and gamecube backups from a hard drive without any issue , and it 's really easy to do . 
  er no , where are you getting that from ? 
  the saturn was discontinued only after three years and had far fewer highly reviewed titles than the wii u did . 
  everybody rubbishes phrenology nowadays , but under the may government it may serve a use for formulating immigration policy . 
  it 's a real shame . 
  i had a reasonable budget for a laptop this year , but wanted to swap by 1tb 2.5 sata ssd into the new one . 
  it turns out the only macbook that you could replace the hdd in , is the worst performing 13 inch non retina model . 
  not only is the ram non replaceable , but the hard drive as well . 
  it 's ridiculous that they 've effectively turned their computers into ipads now . 
  there 's no means of upgrading . 
  new zealanders are the most powerful race on earth, 
  yes it does , in the cost of social services especially on the nhs and social housing . 
   `` so to conclude , on average only europeans are putting in more to the uk public purse than they 're taking out . 
  at least that was the case between 1995 and 2011 . '', 
  [ from the beeb ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-25880373 ), 
  they 're all migrating from london . 
  that 's where poles come from innit ? 
  will you take new zealand ~ ~ sex tourists ~ ~ immigrants ? 
  you 'll never convince the americans but good on you for trying . 
  was that socrates ? 
  palmerston north has a reputation as one of our worst cities . 
  it 's not awful or anything but it 's tiny and there is nothing to do . 
  if i was moving from overseas i would want to be at one of the bases near auckland . 
  man up you bloody hat wearing scum . 
  i bet you 're from auckland . 
  yeah , choose one of the random usernames here . 
  just print them out and paste them paper mache style onto a mannequin . 
  you and all your friends can take home ` oreography ', 
  [ song for you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj2np7r-uwg ), 
  he 's not referring to reformation as in the general process , he 's referring to a particular defining period of reform as in the christian reformation . 
  islam has never had anything quite so radical . 
  probably the closest was the split into sunni and shi'a centuries ago . 
  is n't it funny how we 've reduced people 's opinions on any subject to being not based on their arguments merits , but on their identity . 
  i never had any issue finding the official adapter in new zealand . 
  maybe it was more an issue in the us . 
  of course you can play gamecube backups on wii u with devolution , so it really was just nintendo 's corporate decision rather than any hardware limitations . 
  no , it 's effectively the same hardware in wii mode as the late model wii 's which could n't read them either . 
  but the backup 's work perfectly . 
  i 'm hoping march since i want the wii u copy as soon as possible . 
  yeah i bought my wii u two years after launch , once it actually had a decent library . 
  i 'm not going to be buying a switch at launch , so they 've lost at least one sale . 
  i 'm sure quite a few wii u owners are in the same boat, 
  just have to rub it in , do n't you . 
  what ? 
  no they do n't . 
  the majority work without needing an internet connection . 
  if you buy the game i believe you get daily raffle tickets . 
  the `` build the kingdom '' mechanic is using the coins you 've collected in the game . 
  at least nintendo gave it a go for four years , unlike sony who abandoned the vita after a year . 
  on formal documents height is in metric , but informally a lot of people use imperial , at least amongst baby boomers + older generations . 
  splatoon is probably the title i enjoyed the most in terms of solo play , probably followed by mario kart 8 . 
  for multiplayer it 's hard to beat super mario 3d world . 
  tons of fun with friends .
