  last time i was in auckland about two months ago i went to farro 's at 12pm to see if i could get some . 
  all sold out that morning , and this is from the store that was guaranteed to have stocks . 
  living in christchurch during the rebuild i 've got ta laugh at these pathetic noise complaints . 
  let 's see how loud your flying fox is when you have several houses being built nearby . 
  more like `` war club '', 
  do n't even bother with that guy . 
  you realize that the iraqi government called for assistance fighting isis as they were infringing on their sovereignty . 
  in this situation , we would not be usurping sovereignty of anyone but an unrecognized rogue state . 
  we 've always been in the crosshairs , we 're just a much smaller target . 
  even the pitchforks are chinese . 
  god help us all !, 
  pretty poor argument to be honest . 
  when pakeha have been living here two hundred years and are the majority , they 're no longer foreigners . 
  done by the jewluminati, 
  hong kong and overseas chinese communities as well . 
  it was only after mao took over that the communists created simplified chinese to improve literacy rates . 
  hong kong was under british governance and taiwan under the kmt so they never promoted the writing system . 
  [ yeah , here 's the proof ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypckcknuvoo ), 
  `` simplified '' refers only to the writing system , not the dialect . 
  although different dialects like cantonese and mandarin ( essentially languages ) are n't understandable , different chinese dialects share the same writing system in mainland china . 
  in guangdong where they also speak cantonese , they still use the simplified writing system because of the policies of the chinese government . 
  i hope you were joking about it being a conspiracy because i certainly was . 
  every 9/11 conspiracy theory is a load of rubbish . 
  i 'm stupid to believe the official validated account instead of something some random blogger typed ? 
  here 's a link rebutting many of the main theories . 
  personally , the idea that the u.s government could stage something so massive without information leaking out is very unconvincing . 
  the official validated account is not a conspiracy theory , by virtue of it being the official account . 
  a conspiracy theory is its very nature unofficial , because it promotes a different narrative to the official one . 
  i do n't believe there was any `` conspiring '' between the u.s government or terrorists for 9/11 since there is no evidence for that being the case . 
  my point was that the us government could not orchestrate killing 3000 of its own citizens without information leaking out . 
  the us was warned prior to 9/11 by israel of a major terrorist attack , but did n't believe that it was a significant threat . 
  before the tsa and other security measures it was possible to hijack a plane and it did happen . 
  so no , information did leak out . 
  foreign intelligence did pick up on 9/11 or at least the event that would become it . 
  again however , my point was that i do n't believe the us government could orchestrate such a grand conspiracy without proof leaking out , not that terrorists could do so . 
  no proof has emerged so far . 
  there has been no testimony by the imaginary demolition agents so so i still do n't believe that it was possible . 
  would you mind sharing what evidence you believe there is for 9/11 being a cover up ? 
  i 'm sure leaving nato will be a great aid to britain ... 
  membership of a belief system should n't be illegal . 
  however membership of certain organizations should certainly be illegal , especially organizations who 's sole aim is to destroy the developed world . 
  i 'm all for seeking out the root causes of terrorism , but you 're not going to illicit any sympathy from me for people who operate by killing innocent civilians . 
  it matters because the entire ideology is rooted in performing crime . 
  at some point crime is inevitable as your thoughts and beliefs influence your actions . 
  overpopulation is n't a concern in the western world , hence the quote marks , though i do support free contraceptives myself . 
  membership in criminal organizations should be illegal , yes . 
  it 's not guilt by association , it 's guilt by enormous likelihood of criminal activity . 
  is it really that difficult to follow ? 
  if you are a member of the organization , then you are to follow the organizations philosophy and in turn carry out required actions of the organization that reflect their philosophy . 
  the required actions of a terrorist group include : attacking civilians , attacking foreign military , destroying infrastructure . 
  do you notice a pattern here ? 
  almost all activities involve committing crimes . 
  hence any active membership within the organization involves committing crimes or at least potentially doing so since the likelihood of an al qaeda member committing a crime increases exponentially . 
  you 're allowed to defend terrorists from a philosophical standpoint , however belonging to one is and will always be illegal for the reasons outlined above . 
  the philosophical viewpoint that we should n't arrest card holding members of al qaeda holds little weight when they 're bombing your house . 
  i 'm not arguing for thought crime , i 'm arguing for arresting members of a criminal organization . 
  joining the organization is an action , not a thought . 
  likewise if uk citizens started a counter terrorist organization , stockpiling guns and other illegal behaviour then the police would be justified in investigating and possibly arresting members . 
  as i 've already said you 're fine to hold that belief . 
  however if you 're to act on your belief in a criminal manner by say distributing leaflets for al qaeda , then you will be arrested . 
  the police ca n't arrest you based on thoughts . 
  there needs to be evidence of crimes or potential crimes . 
  being a member of al qaeda is evidence of criminal activity and so arrest would be justifiable . 
  i 'm sure the police would investigate on a case by case basis . 
  if you 're doing accounting exclusively for terrorist organizations , then that 's potentially evidence of you belonging to said organization . 
  i 'm sorry , clearly we have different definitions of what a `` conspiracy theory '' is , though i did chuckle at you accusing me of not knowing what one is . 
  i 've already actually provided my definition of a conspiracy theory : a unproven account that `` provides a different narrative to the official one . '', 
  key word unproven , unlike the us government 's factually backed report . 
  in regards to the israeli intelligence you 're welcome to read the article on it yourself . 
  no there 's no way of knowing whether the `` major assault '' mossad picked up on would be 9/11 but it 's interesting nonetheless . 
  that is not bullshit . 
  being a member of an outlawed organization is a crime , in both the uk and new zealand law . 
  you 're right in that it is n't evidence of further criminal activity , but it makes it highly likely . 
  edit : i concede your argument that from a philosophical standpoint , being a member of a terrorist organization should n't always necessarily be a crime , if you are n't performing any other illegal activities . 
  however it is much more likely that you will commit a crime if you belong to a terrorist group and under almost all western legal systems , belonging to a terrorist organization is currently a crime . 
  how about the explanation that is accepted by all western governments , that it was a terrorist attack orchestrated by osama bin laden and other al qaeda members . 
  the idea that the us , without any information leaking out , conspired to destroy their own towers to wage war overseas has and never will have any proof . 
  if your semantic attempt at shifting the goal posts is that al qaeda conspired to attack the us , it is still not a conspiracy theory . 
  it is not a theory when it is the official account and the account all evidence points to : it is a fact . 
  all on board, 
  the, 
  a.n.u.s !, 
  ah yes : bulgaria , romania and poland . 
  such prosperous countries . 
  why would the eu militarize when most member states are in nato anyways ? 
  i do n't think it 's as sinister a reason as the us conspiring to keep europe down as it is that heavy military spending is unnecessary if they have the us army protecting them . 
  military expenditure is one of the most expensive areas of a nations budget , nobody outspends the us and the us will always protect nato members , so what 's the point ? 
  only britain and france have competent enough military arsenals to wage their own wars anyways . 
  i 've heard downtown detroit is as thriving as any other major american city . 
  it 's just several suburbs that are almost completely abandoned that give the city its reputation . 
  in new zealand at least , cadbury 's has been lacking in quality recently though it 's still much better than hershey 's or nestle 's . 
  whittaker 's is the preferred big brand over here . 
  considering he did n't know what was made from the cocoa beans , i would n't be so sure . 
  thanks for clarifying, 
  yes but it 's the gameplay of kingdom hearts , with the open world setting of ff xiv, 
  everything i 've read on it has pointed to the game having a action rpg style control scheme like kingdom hearts and the gameplay released so far has confirmed that . 
  `` the starting point will have a sense of control that is similar to that of kingdom hearts ` easy and refreshing action , so it wo n't be difficult '' - tetsuya nomura http://www.egmnow.com/articles/news/final-fantasy-xv-controls-similar-to-kingdom-hearts-meant-to-feel-familiar/#, 
  can you point to a source showing that 's not the case ? 
  it does n't contribute to the conversation if nobody can understand the conversation . 
  patriotism is an exclusively american practice according to the poster above .
