  renting a car would probably be quite expensive , though if you 're there for long enough , you could consider buying a budget car . 
  there are backpackers car agencies , that will sell you cars for under a thousand dollars , and you can sell them back once you 're finished ( for quarter price ! ), 
  this is an option , and you can take your car on the ferry between islands from picton - wellington . 
  filling up a car on average is 80 dollars nz . 
  there 's a bus service called naked bus http://nakedbus.com/nz/bus/ which offers cheap bus fares around the south island . 
  so if you 're not wanting to buy a car , this is your best option . 
  i hope i 've helped !, 
  haha read it , oh so good . 
  amen to that , rania is one fine woman . 
  i love mine , got it last year for a bargain . 
  i5 , runs everything you throw at it on medium . 
  only downside is the batterylife , and the heat obviously when gaming, 
  upvote for honesty, 
  i 'm not a fan of its controls on the iphone . 
  i originally played the psp version and loved it , and tried the rio version on my sisters ipod touch . 
  it did n't feel so good without the analogue nub ... even though that was how it was originally made, 
  sorry what ? 
  yours is a bit too subtle . 
  i played gta 4 with m+k but once i got my 360 controller and started on jc2 i used the gamepad . 
  i did try with mouse and keyboard , but third person action is just way better on a gamepad, 
  a possibility is ghost in the shell, 
  i loved that level . 
  it was that stupid climb on the third island , that was a pain in the ass, 
  oh man , i was going to buy the book . 
  edit : fuck you i was n't going to , mr i_rape_reddit, 
  i love you man , send me some of that cash, 
  boy can i relate to this , they never want to even google it themselves . 
  it 's always driving across town to fix it, 
  oh dear , saw the mustang clip on youtube . 
  the bearded guy listed spec after pointless spec , and when the other presenter said it looked like all the others , beardie got all offended . 
  ` how does it look the same , this ones got different wheels ! ', 
  one downvote just is n't enough, 
  seriously if you 're that into zelda get the gamecube version of twilight princess . 
  i 've played both , and the controls are so much better on gamecube . 
  they use the us dollar now, 
  true , i 'd say twilight princess has n't aged too badly though, 
  well how about you counter their efforts . 
  go to haiti and tell them there is no god , that there miserable life will end by dying in a hole in the ground . 
  religion thrives in these countries as it actually gives people hope, 
  a genocide pun is hardly a bad thing , so long as we recognize it, 
  tomb raider underworld ? 
  one of the recent ones , had 360 exclusive dlc . 
  it seems ridiculous , what was once a sony flagship series, 
  kingdom hearts 2 was a good few hours of tuitorial, 
  you know every other game is available on pc , but ff9 they 'd have to custom port, 
  it 's possible , you just have to break the law, 
  replace the d with a b, 
  this is quite similar to the plot of changeling, 
  haha upvote for tv show i like !, 
  worse than 9/11 we should feed them to the lions again !!, 
  upvoted for being in a country, 
  looking at the major terrorist attacks in europe , most were muslim . 
  london bombings - islamic terrorists - 52 dead . 
  madrid train bombings - islamic terrorists collaborating with non mulsims - 191 dead . 
  and lets not forget russia shall we , the beslan school siege being the most famous with over 300 dead . 
  who was responsible for such a vile act ? 
  chechen islamic militants . 
  you ca n't say that ` its right wingers ' , the death toll does n't lie . 
  i sent him an email asking to change his misinformed statement . 
  as someone who has stumbled across your statement on the norwegian incident , i am appalled . 
  you 've placed the blame on islamic fundamentalism , when it 's not at all to blame . 
  i understand that in this day and age , we assume that islamic militantism is responsible for a terrorist attack , but we should always be informed before making these statements . 
  islamic fundamentalism is one of the major problems in the world today , but it is n't always to blame . 
  i would like to see a retraction of this statement on your website . 
  christ taught us to always speak the truth , and to not be quick to judge , which you pastor have not demonstrated today, 
  tell you what , if he was doing it to ` get to heaven ' as those in 9/11 were , and if he killed over 2000 people , i guarantee there would be widespread chirstian discrimination . 
  but neither of those is true . 
  he did it for ` political ' reasons , rather than religious ones . 
  the reason it 's done is pretty clear though . 
  the majority of the arabic world is muslim , and even when an arab muslim talks in english , most of the time even they use ` allah ' instead of god, 
  a lot do call him yahweh, 
  i wonder what r/atheism is saying on these attacks . 
  i shudder to even go there . 
  you 'll be playing it ... you 'll all be playing it !, 
  if another country did annex you , it 's likely you 'd have their culture and their customs forced upon you . 
  sorry , i thought i was the first optimistic enough to try . 
  sex is never right if it 's only done because of peer pressure, 
  this man has a point , what other countries in the middle east have a properly functioning democracy . 
  tahrir square is still crowded every night after the ` revolution ' that instilled an army takeover . 
  lebanon is corrupted by what most governments consider a terrorist group . 
  jordan is doing reasonably well but its king wields more power than he should . 
  this is also the case with morocco , bahrain , almost all of the gulf states . 
  honestly , israel really is probably best off democratically in the middle east when you look past islamic sympathies . 
  `` i do n't know the situation in israel '' - well there 's your problem, 
  they do n't want you to go to hell , which is why they 'll try and convert you . 
  it 's probably not going to be the other way around, 
  free health care and higher education ? 
  where ? 
  en france !, 
  no its not , its plain greed . 
  i absolutely agree , that if the baby ca n't survive , there is no point in keeping it alive . 
  we need to educate people about how well it works in almost any other democratic country . 
  perhaps take republicans over to canada to show them that it works, 
  to experience and understand something in such great amounts , you become one with it ? 
  ah yes , the revolutionary war of 1983 , who could forget that one ? 
  to be fair , scientology is crazier than christianity . 
  do n't say that to the atheists , they bite !, 
  yeah , do n't be racist guys !, 
  ... body spray lol !, 
  i hear you man .
