  it looks ideal for drinks, 
  the dream of the commonwealth is still alive in tax evasion !, 
  i like the black with the southern cross , but i 'm not quite so sure about the four korus replacing the proper union jack . 
  i much prefer korus to using a silver firn though . 
  lol at the butt frustrated idiots downvoting you who spent $ 2000 on their gaming rigs . 
  no / r/pcgaming for example is not a circlejerk because they do n't constantly talk about how superior they are to others based on their gaming preferences . 
  when you label another group as inferior `` peasants '' and leave no room for dissenting opinions , then you are a circlejerk , because you 're only really talking to yourself . 
  / r/space and / r/gameofthrones do n't think themselves superior and shut out discussion , that 's the difference . 
  i agree with members there that pc offers far better graphical choice and the lower cost of games + online proves better value as a overall long term investment , even if the initial hardware cost is more expensive . 
  however i do n't think i 'm superior when i game on my pc instead of my ps3 . 
  that 's the difference between me and the `` master race '' . 
  also lets not forget that their mod bot promotes piracy . 
  what a pathetic sub . 
  kh3 definitely wo n't be on pc . 
  ff xv may be , but it likely will be years after its release on console , like ff 13 . 
  sorry pc, 
  because previous entries have n't been . 
  i would like it to be myself and do n't doubt that it 's possible , but i just do n't think it 's likely . 
  not to mention there being a lack of jrpgs on pc due to the more or less non-existent pc gaming market in japan . 
  the union jack does not stand for a white new zealand . 
  the union jack stands for the commonwealth we and a majority of non white nations are a part of . 
  not to mention `` mother england '' is actually more racially diverse than us . 
  this just in : anyone who does n't criticize america is a fundamentalist christian . 
  our mum is england right ? 
  we can blame the bloody poms then . 
  united states of what ? 
  credit goes to / u/logantauranga, 
  i agree that population wise it probably would n't be feasible , but i agree with the author that as tunnelling technology improves , a safe earthquake resistant solution would be possible . 
  if the toll was only $ 50 like the other tunnel suggested in the article it would be a big improvement over taking the ferry . 
  an emulated version will play better than the current pc port . 
  i tried playing the pc port and it was abysmally bad . 
  agreed . 
  and longest journey at 15 is total crap , whereas its in the top 5 of almost every other list i 've seen . 
  to the moon is incredible . 
  the story is an adventure in itself , but there 's definitely a lack of gameplay . 
  it would be much faster by car , that 's the whole point . 
  the max speed of the inter-islander ferries is equivalent to 36 km/h . 
  you could reduce it down to 2 hours . 
  7 hours to wellington from chch sure , but few people drive all the way to wellington . 
  many people stop in picton for the night anyways . 
  if we had a tunnel , people living in nelson , blenheim and the golden bay area could easily visit wellington for the weekend and vice versa for those in wellington , with minimal costs . 
  nelson to picton is 1\u00a01/2 hrs drive , so it would only be 3 and a half hours to wellington if a tunnel was there . 
  not only would it be more convenient in terms of travel times for those living near the area , it would make things easier for tourists as well . 
  i do n't think it 's feasible but it would definitely be a more convenient solution for everyone . 
  the product is n't going to be worth much in a few years , that 's just the nature of tech . 
  i sold my sp2 because of battery issues , the trackpad and screen size as the op mentioned but am looking forward to getting my 128gig sp3 . 
  the price is still pretty steep even with a student discount , but i hope it 's worth the cost . 
  if you get years of usage out of it , then the price is n't that relevant . 
  can we get rid of new zealand ? 
  ah but the prince of lies is afghani, 
  at least they 've done better than the iraqis . 
  not that it 's exactly a high bar , but the last election results were at least hopeful . 
  i know you 're being facetious but not all modern houses look like they 're from the jetsons . 
  i 'm from new zealand and these are some of the more modern design houses being built . 
  of course they 're wood so they have nicer paintwork , but you can adapt the traditional style and make it look more modern . 
  `` we are the village green , preservation society ... god save strawberry jam and all the different varieties . '', 
  it 's not very hard to understand . 
  despite them hardly being `` noble savages '' their existing culture and religion is being stifled by the chinese , with job opportunities going to han settlers from throughout china . 
  the same thing is happening to the uigurs in xinjiang , han are moving there and restricting religious and cultural events . 
  it 's no surprise there are cases of terrorism and violence , sinification is just modern colonialism . 
  the question i responded to was n't actually about hong kong , the question was about tibet and xinjiang which both have different ethnicities . 
  pointing that out is n't racism or nazism , chinese government migration policies are causing huge discontent in those regions . 
  edit : yes and you can see the clash of culture in hong kong as well . 
  the discontent in hong kong is n't racist in nature , it 's a clash of different cultures . 
  hong kong has a very different culture to the mainland and different values which they perceive as being eroded by the central government . 
  there 's huge repercussions for breaching sovereignty but environmental regulations are a lot less important , even if both are under international law . 
  the big two barely care about multiplayer with sports games , cod and driving games about the only titles available . 
  it equates to more democracy than that with `` chinese characteristics '' . 
  what they introduced in the 1990s in the legco was far more democratic than the puppet candidacies being proposed now . 
  english is still an official language in hong kong . 
  they speak maltese in malta , not italian . 
  can not into relevance, 
  if you overwrite a file or delete it you can still retrieve it . 
  performance wo n't be an issue but storage likely will . 
  i 'd go for the 128 gig at least . 
  i agree but you do sound a little too rump rustled, 
  you 're either with us , or you 're with the kebabs, 
  remove serbia ? 
  after all they 've done for you ? 
  is of best shape, 
  oh no , i am of insulting myselfs . 
  you 're not going to find many finds of that film here and rightly so . 
  it 's the very definition of preaching to the choir . 
  if you want to watch a christian film that accurately reflects reality i 'd suggest `` blue like jazz '' instead . 
  i said to not bother arguing , not that you were wrong . 
  as your pet persecution complex shows , you 've already made your mind up despite being shown ample evidence to the contrary . 
  i 've seen plenty of threads you and your sub have tried to brigade in srd , askhistorians and badhistory when the historicity of jesus comes up so do n't act the victim . 
  it was a heads up for the user to not bother engaging in debate with you , nothing more . 
  looking sharp, 
  it is , the film is a bit different though . 
  i read it before i watched the film . 
  maybe your 50 rems could go towards some english lessons . 
  / r/magicskyfairy supports you, 
  stay strong m ` sir . 
  although our society has been brainwashed by religion , many people see your act for the bravery it is . 
  if enough people cross out god on dollar bills , we can break the religious shackles and walls of fundie oppression to form a society enlightened by its intelligence . 
  happy reformation day !, 
  in terms of parties to vote for they do n't really have a choice . 
  most would probably vote conservative , labor + lib dem supporters are generally pro eu . 
  it 's always greener in england .
