  who the fuck downvoted me you intolerant fundies . 
  go choke on a cross cunts . 
  havve you even rread about the nsa spyting ? 
  snowden , and co. . our corporate interests around the world . 
  dictators propped up . 
  becuase if you have n't , i think you need a reality check . 
  this board isn fow news , and if your gpoing to criticise thouse who make a difference , by calling out our govenrmnet s bullshit , then you must be blind . 
  the most telling evidence tis that / r/politics does n't even reach the frotn page anymore . 
  reddits corporate intersts have fuckd us all ovr . 
  subscribe to / r/liberalreality, 
  excuse my spelling , im typing on my phone . 
  that better be san antonio , friend . 
  if you live in a nation with backhugger `` marriage '' and anti chrsitian leaders , your yoke is no different to theirs , friend . 
  what if i told you ... 
  i gave you an upvote ( le matrix man maymay ), 
  there 's a ferry crossing from japan to south korea where you can take your car . 
  i do n't know if it 's between those stretches of the highway though . 
  you can take a train from the south of the country up to mandalay , though i do n't believe you can go any further north . 
  i do n't no when my cakeday iz tho :(, 
  you do realize many of the women in the egyptian national council for women are also ** muslims **, 
  as an atheist teen living in the south , i 'm afraid you do n't even know the struggles i face . 
  while those countries may be tough , at least you can choose to not believe in god without significant repercussions . 
  do n't tell me it 's not oppression , when america is clearly the most oppressive theocratic regime on this miserable planet . 
  google `` teh penguin of doom '' . 
  it 's a well known copypasta, 
  i was wondering why i 'd never heard of `` christchurch tower . '', 
  its been really good weather lately though , i think we 're in for a cold spring afterwards . 
  reported to / r/antiatheismwatch !, 
  you mean the logic and reason that your fundie mind ca n't handle . 
  it goes with the ignorance and brainwashing . 
  i just try to stay away from religious arguments now though . 
  on reddit , outside of / r/christianity it 's always just going to be an atheist circlejerk . 
  oh yeah , but it 's a common strategy though . 
  i see it from christians too reasonably often too , , about the most contentious topics . 
  it 's just that most people in the debate mindset simply want their beliefs validated , no matter how good your argument if you 're dogmatic about your beliefs and wo n't question them , then a well thought out argument wo n't change anything . 
  will the circle, 
  be unjerken ? 
  by and by lord ,, 
  by and by . 
  is a better, 
  echochamber awaiting ? 
  in my new sub lord ,, 
  in my new sub . 
  verses for one church thousands of years ago = verses for all churches . 
  np links bro ... nobody does it !, 
  its become apparent that / r/circlebroke2 has become increasingly hostile to skeptics and scientists . 
  perhaps it 's due to the fact we have religious mods working to forward their agenda . 
  you can not silence us , together we will stand for no moderation !, 
  so brave !, 
  how is snowden bizzarre ? 
  were n't you round for the wikileaks jerk ? 
  and reddit has always been pretty sexist , racist and homophobic . 
  they just like looking progressive , but op literally ca n't stop sucking dicks right lolololol !, 
  also not being pro atheist does n't equal being christian . 
  i 've never heard of a holocaust denier that was n't also an anti-semite . 
  they all have ulterior motives , poorly veiled as `` truth seeking '' . 
  history can never disprove the holocaust happened because we already have the evidence of it taking place . 
  we did n't have concrete evidence of the exodus , and it was believed simply because it was in the bible . 
  if in the future we discovered some lost egyptian record of it then perhaps it turns out that it did occur , but it 's very unlikely the historical position will change on that subject . 
  there 's also the time difference , our historic record is thousands fold better than it was in ancient times . 
  we have photographic and physical evidence of the camps , eyewitness accounts . 
  when you already have mountains of evidence for something , the only thing that can change the scholarly position is mountains more evidence to the contrary . 
  really they 're not comparable at all . 
  seriously ? 
  i use it on android with an og galaxy note and i have no complaints . 
  what phone are you using it on ? 
  / r/liberalreality, 
  having a surface tablet and a surface computer sharing the same name , confused consumers . 
  if they had a `` microsoft tablet rt '' and a `` microsoft surface '' it would have been clearer . 
  i wish i had nokia drive :(, 
  if nokia released a phablet with external sd support i 'd probably buy it . 
  ## * literally atheism ftfy good sir !, 
  what if god do n't even real ? 
  because it 's fucking stupid, 
  his position is disgusting though , but i 've no idea why gaystarnews would be considered a credible source either . 
  lol at the restaurant being closed . 
  perhaps the bitcoin payment scheme did n't work out . 
  maybe read the wikipedia page . 
  every country 's central bank is run by the government , with a government appointed governor as the head . 
  it 's not controlled by private institutions at all . 
  +1 kawaiitip verify, 
  i ca n't imagine the number of people who have even heard of bitcoins in thailand is very high , let alone those that use them . 
  most russians are homophobes who like the anti-gay law . 
  ### if y' all do n't upsnoop , how 's a brother gon na get karma ? 
  and the chauvinistic gamers suddenly realized they were wrong for treating women that way , thanks to the plea of the passionate 12 year old . 
  friend , i think you need a friend . 
  friend . 
  make a post in / r/newreddits, 
  choice tv is great !, 
  but you have sky , surely there 's something you can find . 
  you 've just listed one show a channel . 
  `` thom yorke is gay '', 
  it 's amazing that reddit has better and faster news than the `` mainstream '' media . 
  why is n't cnn reporting on this ? 
  listen to his `` joe hisaishi meets kitano films '' album . 
  summer is one of the best songs ever, 
  i 've heard that your dragon mmo is 100 % science based . 
  can you verify that ? 
  google says do n't be evil so i believe them . 
  are you a microsoft shill or something , go play with your iphone .
