  northern ireland is part of `` ireland the island '' just as the republic of ireland is . 
  i think britain already tried that once, 
  not really . 
  if you look at the map of ancient macedonia , only a small portion is in the republic . 
  the rest is in greece and bulgaria, 
  oi , put the trolley back !, 
  well not entirely . 
  as far as i 'm aware you can still play single player games on all the consoles , even without downloading the latest patches . 
  it 's mostly multiplayer titles that require regular patches , aside from total abortions of releases like the latest assassins creed . 
  really your best bet gaming in an area with a terrible internet connection is the wii u. 
  far more local multiplayer titles and some great single player ones too . 
  well you do need to update the system software every so often to play newer games but that 's true of almost all systems . 
  the vita is more centered around online capability than the 3ds is . 
  well the multiplayer was a big talking point , now all titles have it . 
  they also introduced new weapons and obviously expanded the story arc . 
  i think part of the reason the series is receiving lower reviews now , is that people are growing tired of the same old assassin 's creed . 
  there 's little innovation and the formula is growing stale . 
  you 've got to be joking . 
  have you any idea what threat china is to japan at the moment ? 
  if the us is n't there as a deterrent then the likelihood of conflict occuring over the diaoyu/senkaku and historical grudges would increase a whole lot more . 
  tame impala too, 
  if your primary purpose is for artistic reasons , i much prefer the pro 2 's pen to the 3 . 
  however as an all round machine the pro 3 is a much better device . 
  the 64 gig model wo n't be enough storage wise , i 'd go for the 128 if you 're consider the pro 3 . 
  i played with you the other day . 
  pretty good team player . 
  friendly and skilled diameter player . 
  great all rounder . 
  always talks shit but is entertaining at the same time . 
  oreography, 
  comment ca juke ? 
  good lord that is awful . 
  probably some sort of simony involved too , given how money obsessed they sound . 
  that 's the simplest parable in the bible , i 've never met anyone who misinterpreted it that way . 
  agreed . 
  the best way to combat awful views is to openly debate them and discuss them and explain why they 're wrong , not to stifle them and shut them down . 
  i wonder how many eritreans have to pay it . 
  ugh , please stop with the cringeworthy `` master race '' bs . 
  you 're not superior for using a different gaming medium , even if it 's technically better . 
  i play on pc you delusional idiot . 
  it was amazing . 
  honestly it 's a much different experience seeing them live than on a concert film . 
  there were no mistakes , everything was perfectly timed and their backing horn section and vocalists were flawless as well . 
  the speakers were so loud you heard everything across the stadium . 
  i 'm sure this will be their last big international tour . 
  they 'll have a farewell show in the uk or us somewhere , but this will be the last time they come to nz so i thought it was worth the cost . 
  they performed almost every single hit , gim me shelter was worth the price of admission alone . 
  haha you should have seen jagger dancing . 
  he was flailing his arms around everywhere and running all round the place . 
  let 's be fair , that was diet not incest . 
  see this is the problem . 
  if you automatically need to caricature opposing political view instead of arguing against them sensibly , then you 're never going to get on with those who differ from you . 
  you end up attacking the image you 've built of the political view , rather than the views themselves . 
  that 's exactly what a good immigration policy is based on , the skill levels of the immigrants and the requirements of the country . 
  with the eu you do n't get doctors , you get literally anyone . 
  le narwhal police to the rescue !!!, 
  they work by either being sweden , denmark , norway , finland or iceland . 
  finland and iceland often are n't considered `` scandinavian '' either , just nordic . 
  so harmonious !, 
  that 's not true . 
  jesus is the word of god , his words are in the bible but not the whole bible . 
  the bible is inspired by god but written by man , so it is not the direct word of god . 
  oh please , i 'm a kiwi too and you really need to let that go . 
  we now have good relations with france despite that hiccup . 
  as you well know , they never intended to murder , only to send a message . 
  they did n't know he was on the ship . 
  what honour do you ever have in killing your own family ? 
  have you heard how hard the green card process is ? 
  that 's why . 
  do you honestly think we should continue to hold a grudge against france just because a hippy ship was blown up 30 years ago ? 
  if it was a navy or government vessel then i agree we have the right to be angry , but a greenpeace vessel was of no concern to our national security . 
  you realize the majority of people on earth are religious . 
  did you honestly think they were all completely evil ? 
  people are people and mostly have a conscience , no matter what they believe . 
  he 's not . 
  he just comes into these threads like the rest of the tinfoil wearers of / r/antiatheismwatch, 
  maybe people have a computer like yours , 
  it 's more expensive in aus, 
  maybe people are downvoting not because they 're `` fundy '' but because your comment contributed nothing to the thread . 
  more than i would have expected, 
  considering another person in this thread genuinely believes all religious people are mentally ill i was n't sure , sorry . 
  gave you an upvote anyways . 
  that 's not even a paraphrase , that 's a deliberate miswording of what i said . 
  what the french did was a crime and i do n't believe that the two agents were punished as they should have been , however the idea that we should n't be able to forgive something ultimately had little repercussions for our country is a bad idea . 
  it was manslaughter , not murder . 
  they did n't set out to kill anyone . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  to be fair , in the us all black people , no matter what their ethnic origin are considered `` african american '' . 
  referring to them as a monolithic group is the norm , regardless of whether they originally came from the carribean , west africa , southern africa etc. 
  so saying they have a single culture is consistent with the current way of naming them . 
  the line between xenophobia and racism is quite fine though . 
  well we have boxing day do n't we ? 
  it 's sort of our equivalent . 
  based on my experience with american tv , i 'm not surprised that you clearly have no idea about england . 
  except it was not violence towards the state or a representative of the state , only unintentional violence towards a civilian intended to send a message towards a ngo . 
  regardless of whether it was french intelligence or anyone else , the explosion of a boat with a single unintentional loss of life does not warrant international action . 
  if it was a repeat offense or targeting a military or civil personnel i would agree with you that action was required , but i think you have to keep events like this in perspective . 
  i do n't understand , you 're asking if there 's a rugby equivalent of wheelchair rugby ? 
  ah ok , no clue sorry .
