  japan , all of the middle east , brazil and plenty of other non `` five eyes '' countries are being watched . 
  if the dots are accurate geographic representatives , it means the facility is somewhere in christchurch ... 
  ### sleep with an atheist , preferably me    , 
  this was a fascinating read on how the us covertly prevented another nuclear program in asia . 
  the us had prevented chinese invasions of taiwan before and made it clear that taiwan was not to be harmed by the prc so i never thought they would have been actively pursuing a nuclear policy in the 80s . 
  yeah but he did n't word it well . 
  if he said `` are n't you in the paegent ? '', 
  it would have been more obvious . 
  is the ra having a reunion ? 
  i 'll bring tea and biscuits, 
  those are very salient points but i think you 're missing part of the story as well . 
  have you read up on the taiwan strait crises ? 
  there were two in the 1950s as well as one in the 1990s . 
  both times the us literally did save taiwan . 
  china was prepared to invade but the us made clear that it would provide military support if that occured , deploying warships into the strait . 
  i think cameron is at least eloquent despite his many flaws . 
  to a foreign observer who has family voting in the election , he is the only party leader taken seriously . 
  milliband comes off as a schoolboy and clegg as spineless . 
  my brother will be voting labour but still dislikes milliband . 
  i 've noticed clegg has been at least taking a stand on issues recently though , over decriminilization and hong kong , whereas the other party leaders have n't given them any attention . 
  i believe the quote about the cantonese is actually paraphrasing a chinese saying . 
  the rest are all racist though , but in a grandfatherly way . 
  `` definitive '' , can you define that ? 
  just because you 're racist does n't mean you ca n't be witty . 
  oooh is it a sleepover ? 
  hilarious but tragic, 
  it is in the short term . 
  there is no doubt that it will be salmond who is first prime minister if scotland secedes . 
  dae think the x factor is more democratic than our national dictatorship ?? 
  you do n't think a drunk driver trying to defend himself when he 's obviously wasted is cringeworthy ? 
  i found it pretty amusing that both of them were treating internet mana like a hot potato , neither of them wanting it . 
  also what was jk 's point about steak ? 
  if you want steak and a lamb chop , vote national ? 
  it did n't even make sense . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but does n't the maori version of the treaty differ from the english text , in its promises to maori ? 
  i do n't understand why this is a stupid point . 
  why is it odd ? 
  britain had a 99 year lease on the territory . 
  they were n't going to give it up until then , particularly since it was so successful . 
  probably the most successful colony under british rule . 
  some hong kongers even wish you were still there now as well , since beijing has been interfering more and more . 
  they definitely would rather be independent . 
  check out any thread on / r/hongkong about the political situation . 
  while they do have their own government and are mostly in charge of their own affairs under the one country two systems policy , it 's getting less autonomous by the day . 
  thatcher herself said hong kong would have been independent long ago if it were n't for having the lease on the new territories . 
  \\ - ron paul, 
  new zealand did n't recognize it until 1947 either . 
  our ones have blue caps . 
  it 's a travesty i tell you !, 
  at last . 
  our prophets true name is revealed !, 
  [ ] ( / sobrave2 ), 
  labour will likely offer him more as well if it means they get in . 
  agreed . 
  every console is harder to pirate as all of them at least have some limitations on reading pirated content . 
  even if softmodding on a wii/early firmware ps3 is simple , it still requires a work around as the systems are locked down . 
  any pc out of the box can play pirated games , it 's obvious that there 's a higher piracy rate . 
  look at android and ios for another example . 
  since android can sideload apps without any modification to the system software , the piracy rate is much higher . 
  a uncivilized compliment, 
  god dinnae real ya right cunt !, 
  you 're on the winning side mate . 
  it 's going to be exciting , whatever the outcome . 
  yes , let 's hope for the best . 
  mods please sticky this thread . 
  the best place to follow the results is on the bbc site here, 
  \\ / = ; _ ; = \\ / crab, 
  there is no chance . 
  northern ireland have faced years of political instability just to stay in the union , they 're not going to throw it all away . 
  they 're probably more pro union than london . 
  edinburgh 61.10 % no . 
  sleep well . 
  and of course its ended up being the iwi representatives getting the money and spending it on tourism ventures and their own interests , rather than going to those who need it most . 
  a good deal of western culture 's morality came from the new testament . 
  that 's not to say religion was the only sense of morality , but it had a significant impact . 
  nice generalization . 
  you 'll notice i said religion had an impact , not necessarily that it was positive or negative . 
  feminism has only occurred in the past century . 
  before then , our traditional gender roles of having women assigned to domestic duties and parenting were no doubt inspired by religion . 
  you 'll probably notice that outside of the countries that have experienced feminism , womens rights are poor . 
  more positive change that religion introduced would be the western tradition of marriage which i believe is a positive institution . 
  the idea of a day off on the sabbath was held so sacred that no employer could ever deny people it , giving peasants a right they otherwise would n't have had . 
  additionally both islam and christianity played huge roles in founding universities and education in the middle east and europe . 
  catholic monks also played a huge role in preserving texts from the collapse of the roman empire , not to mention religious scientists like mendel , newton and de lemaitre . 
  you seem to have a very simplified understanding of how people follow religion as well . 
  people do n't `` pick and choose '' from their sacred texts , they interpret them in different ways . 
  the reason there are hundreds of different denominations is because there are so many different interpretations . 
  not to mention the change in morality between the old and new testaments , or the differences between alleged hadith 's and verses in the qur ` an . 
  it 's one of the reasons why throughout history , religion has inspired both negative and positive change . 
  there are those who have fought for social justice because of teachings like the sermon on the mount . 
  then there were those who sought to validate slavery and warfare through biblical texts as well as others fighting to change the institutions , citing the same bible as the slave owners . 
  it 's fine to talk about `` coming up with a system of rules '' as if our laws were dreamt up over night , but the laws we have today are inspired by thousands of years of philosophy , religion and debates before hand . 
  new zealand 's laws came from english common law which was itself inspired by hundreds of years of history beforehand . 
  is it so hard to admit that even if the concept seems irrelevant to you now , it has played a large role in coming to our moral and legal system we have today ? 
  i got a surface pro 2 a few weeks ago but am very disappointed by the battery life . 
  i get 5 hours max at the lowest power saving settings with minimal desktop app usage . 
  the machine itself is great but i wish mine had better battery life . 
  i 've got a grunty i7 laptop as my main workstation hooked up to several external hard drives . 
  with sharing the same microsoft account on the surface , i 'm able to easily connect to the local network and access all my files on my desktop and external hard drives . 
  any other computer requires my desktop password , but because i 'm sharing the ms account it 's as if everything 's seamlessly connected to my surface .
