  no i think most people understand that the majority of the money has gone to corrupt officials in local government and the private sector . 
  when you say x has been spent on the event , it usually means with the corruption and issues involved as well . 
  what a brilliant idea , let 's kill off anyone who believes something differently . 
  i 'm sure you 'd be loving it if you lived under a country with ultra conservative islamic laws sentencing you to death for being an atheist . 
  well i did n't , but my ancestors millions of years ago did . 
  i assume there 's some sort of cut off point for their theory otherwise we 'd all be living in the congo . 
  socrates is a fabrication . 
  words can not define who he is , in fact i ca n't actually describe what he did or who he was since every word in the english language is devoid of meaning . 
  i 'll just say this . 
  socrates is reality, 
  reality is everything, 
  words mean nothing , therefore, 
  `` socrates '' is a garden gnome, 
  we got a game boy colour probably in 1999 i think and was lent pokemon by a friend . 
  i clocked blue over a long period , getting stuck at the gate when the guard was thirsty . 
  with no internet i had to rent the guidebook out of the library to pass it . 
  my brother bought back some multi game cartridges from a trip to thailand and so my friends all played red/blue as well . 
  we did n't do the trading so much though . 
  i actually probably spent the most time on crystal when it came out in 01 but i certainly remember being infatuated with pokemon as everyone else was . 
  the anime was probably a bigger thing than the game for me . 
  the only funny part about your joke is thinking you 're important enough to warrant your own nsa intelligence officer . 
  because it matches their biases ? 
  hitting ctrl + f is basically peer reviewing, 
  britain refers to the state . 
  british people were those from britain , not the british empire . 
  that 's why all of india could n't simply live in the uk , they did n't have the full rights of british citizens . 
  ** shay shay for your attention **, 
  nice of you to make assumptions . 
  as far as i 'm aware the majority of the users never brigaded anything . 
  i do n't know the reason for the banning but it was a tight nit sub and akin to something like / r/britishproblems being banned . 
  but yeah , they 're all a bunch of e-libertarians . 
  i 'm glad to hear such great reasoning coming from a person that never even went on the sub . 
  jij has no power here . 
  just like god amirite ? 
  who is this fundie to question our maymays ? 
  and what would a fundie know about logical fallacies . 
  how many times have you visited www.yourlogicalfallacyis.com huh fundie ? 
  i 've visited 420 times and have over 300 confirmed facebook shares to the website , and that 's just with using my mlp avatar . 
  ### faith smashed !, 
  [ aside from the smug face this is an actual thing ] ( / ooc ), 
  no downvotes here fritzly . 
  this is a safe space, 
  agreed . 
  i think the hdr actually looks quite good on the clouds . 
  i think this is the photography equivalent of face paint . 
  \\  criticizing a circlejerk, 
  \\  having rainy in their username, 
  i 'm so glad that in every / r/worldnews thread we have an oppressed middle class american pointing out how awful it is in america . 
  he 's not mocking hong kongers . 
  as / u/mod83 has said before he 's lived here for a decade . 
  he 's been posting stuff that 's anti censorship and critical of other english outlets like the scmp , that possibly do have pro beijing biases . 
  i think you 're just over scrutinizing things . 
  amen brother !, 
  remember that salvation is eternal , unless you say some nasty words . 
  then god ca n't forgive you and you burn burn in hell . 
  if these people existed then surely they must be criminals . 
  if i did n't believe in god i 'd go on a shooting , raping and arson spree since there would be literally be no morality . 
  no , it 's not a stupid question . 
  is valve selling steam machines ? 
  no , but they will in the future . 
  the question was to query his expectations and chose to deflect it . 
  only final fantasy 11 + some free games i think . . 
  hahahahahaha, 
  this has to be a troll, 
  nothing changed for the families of those killed and none of the demands of the people protesting in tianamen were met . 
  yes economically china is in a far better place , but when the mothers of children killed are stopped by police from talking about what happened , then things are not okay . 
  fuck you . 
  i bet you liked it when hitler said `` good riddance '' to the jews . 
  this remains the only rage comic i 've ever made . 
  is n't the entire point of a circlejerk to rehash the same material ? 
  i do n't think we 'll ever see another pro quote maker due to jij turning the mothership around . 
  i 'm considering doing the same thing too, 
  what are your thoughts on mainland chinese ? 
  maybe you do n't understand how viruses work . 
  even if you 're hooking up a mp3 player via usb and even if it had a virus , so long as you 're not plugging it into a computer it wo n't have any effect , because viruses are written for specific computer operating systems . 
  i know a lot of hong kongers have antipathy towards them . 
  were you born in the uk or hong kong ? 
  reclaim the blood !, 
  `` if you came over to my place , you would have no where to play your digital files . 
  why ? 
  because i would n't let you hook up your virus-ridden memory stick or idevice to anything in my house . '', 
  most people do n't play their `` virus ridden memory sticks '' in a computer . 
  usually there will be a sound system or portable speaker that guests would use for playing music which would n't be affected by viruses ; so your scenario is n't that realistic . 
  most of the time it would be over aux rather than usb anyways . 
  but of course it 's your equipment and so your rules apply . 
  i just wanted to point out that a virus would n't be a concern unless you were actually using a computer . 
  shudder, 
  `` go die in a fire fundie '' - / u/oreography , 20420 year of our science . 
  do you see the future ever getting better or do you think the city will continue to become more sinocized ? 
  i 've been to hong kong twice and loved it . 
  i 'm considering moving there for a short period in the future . 
  we have some family friends in hong kong and they say the future looks quite bleak . 
  thank you for formatting my dissertaton , m ` sir/m ` lady, 
  he somehow managed to outsmug anything richard dawkins has said . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  the old testament outside of genesis and exodus , is largely a reliable historical document on the history of israel . 
  what are the archaeological claims you have trouble with ? 
  it 's largely the scientific and natural claims in genesis that cause the most issues . 
  if meme bigots hate this sub , it 's only proof we 're right . 
  therefore is bad .
