  for the majority of people , their tv will be bigger than their monitor . 
  they wo n't want to have their computer hooked up to their tv , or wo n't bother since they may use it for work as well . 
  i use to pc game more on my laptop , but even though i have hdmi out on it , it 's primarily a work machine . 
  it 's just the convenience of sitting on the couch , turning on the ps3 ( pirated ) and picking a game off my hard drive to play . 
  prefer windows for gaming ? 
  like you even have a choice ... 
  i think it 's more like `` under 7 '' to be honest . 
  7/10 is what i 'd consider a good game , 8/10 a really good one and 9-10 amazing/must play titles . 
  haha perhaps, 
  this is n't preference though . 
  you can prefer white women and not be racist , however rejecting someone based on them sleeping with a black person is racism . 
  i 'm pretty sure paul said that all dogs go to heaven, 
  in hell alone, 
  they shall be found, 
  they will be burnt and tortured, 
  it 's literal ,, 
  this is the truth, 
  now they 'll face damnation, 
  what greater pain ,, 
  could they endure ? 
  for removing songs ,, 
  that we adore . 
  i wo n't have it, 
  neither will christ, 
  so they shall suffer , it 's the price . 
  / u/scienceislight `` i liked the one about the bears mauling the kids '' +300, 
  the most honorable reverend , beloved of the father im_just_saying has his communion with whiskey and cigars . 
  maybe we can get him to convince the rest of / r/satansbride that it 's the way to do things, 
  i 'd go with `` left behind '' as the worst, 
  well we 're all of the same faith so it 's not surprising, 
  '' look out for the dogs , look out for the evildoers , look out for those who mutilate the flesh . '', 
  as this is clearly literally referring to canines , we can summise that they 're all hellbound . 
  i 'd like to add that my ama is primarily about promoting russian superiority , filthy pig dog american . 
  he was in new zealand ? 
  i 'd go see him if he ever comes to christchurch, 
  reddit , why do black people and women such so much ? 
  edit : upvotes ? 
  really !, 
  oh i know there 's the other example . 
  but as i mentioned , according to one interpretation the fig tree represented the nation of israel . 
  its fruits ( again a metaphor , see fruits of the spirit etc ) were not good so it was cursed by jesus . 
  on face value it seems stupid , but as a metaphor for israel it 's an interesting political statement to say the least . 
  can always get them on kindle, 
  read the bible friend !, 
  as a free thinking person who definitely did n't go on / r/atheism all the time a year ago , / r/atheism sucks . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  are there varying degrees of hell in su ? 
  i heard from a very reputable theologian that hell may have `` circles '' . 
  is this the case , or is he cherrypicking ? 
  i 've been on / r/magicskyfairy for a long time and the last survey we did it was majority atheist . 
  so it is mostly atheists being self deprecating . 
  da da many books to read . 
  i read the bible , but i read all russian books too . 
  close to truth see ? 
  no i do n't, 
  on justification , of course we do n't believe same as popeheads . 
  you must strive through life to draw closer to the river through penance and prayer , however ultimately accepting the waters of the river are what matter . 
  however without the penance and prayer , how can you truly find the river ? 
  this is the truth we see in the water . 
  i come back soon , need to sleep now . 
  do n't be long say , no , i wo n't !, 
  because i do n't know him . 
  i know bearded jesus by river, 
  spasiba . 
  do you hate your country ? 
  do you hate it enough to spend life by river ? 
  if do , you 're welcome to come . 
  only we hold the truth , so yes you can be superior because you right . 
  this is true . 
  god is manifest in many things, 
  even i have n't heard of st pantaloon . 
  are you a hyper-volgan like dimitri ? 
  god is the chessmaster . 
  soon we will all be thrown in large storage box , then burnt in trash incinerator . 
  truly he is master of life game . 
  putin knows truth of orthodoxy , but not matushka . 
  i like how what he did for russia though . 
  putin came to visit near my town . 
  he swam in volga for publicity stunt . 
  i believe he found the truth there . 
  he is an apostle , but only in private . 
  not officially , but we are working on it . 
  when the world is united by the river and orthophate , when the true calendar is watched and bearded christ is followed then we will all be one . 
  you need to bathe and live life in following matushka to convert . 
  however we have many evangelists in blog world . 
  though you will burn , you can serve duty to river on earth now . 
  visit www.truthoftheriver.ru/pigtalk to sign up !, 
  we are working on blog directory , please email oreography@truthinriver.ru to add your blog . 
  at this moment , i am enlightened . 
  not by american wikipedia , but because i find truth of the river gospel . 
  this should be shared on your blog if you love beard . 
  read scriptures always . 
  then take fast over what is easy to read . 
  what tsar ? 
  there many . 
  true servants of russia though , so i am glad they served us . 
  i would like to say yes , but natasha would n't like it . 
  in army i used `` broom women '' agency in moscow , maybe try there ? 
  bathe in river is more powerful than 100 orgasms . 
  i like to go on about fish analogies .
