  yeah it 's really good because they update it all the time , so it still works on newer firmwares . 
  you need to activate it the first time on a regular ds but after that you download the update file ( rename the file to updateb - just search the method online ) then delete it from your card and it works well . 
  i believed it was backwards compatbility which was what they were referring to . 
  the later model ps3s were n't capable of playing ps2 games but could play the ones on psn that were written for them . 
  the ps4 would easily be capable of emulating ps1 + ps2 since it 's a pc architecture . 
  macau like hong kong has it 's own government at least up until 2045 , who is in charge of administrative decisions other than foreign policy/military . 
  there 's freedom of religion , speech and property ownership . 
  aside from more chinese tourists and increased mandarin useage , from what i 've read things have n't changed all that much . 
  this is a disgusting abuse of human rights . 
  fundie muslims are incredibly intolerant, 
  in order to stop this intolerance we need to tear their buildings down and ban their religion . 
  any questions fundies ? 
  is that right ? 
  that 's a really interesting etymology, 
  i think a lot of christians make the same mistake for other religions as well . 
  i 've been reading a little on the different schools of islam , and it 's certainly a lot more diverse than i once thought it was . 
  god i love this sub, 
  whisper of the heart and kiki 's delivery service are both fantastic as well . 
  pretty much everything they 've put out is good . 
  well hong kong itself was a minor fishing village before the british developed it so it 's not really comparable . 
  the british basically established the city there . 
  canton/guangzhou was the far bigger chinese city in the region at the time . 
  nowdays there 's a lot of hostility between hong kong residents and increasing numbers of mainland chinese coming over as tourists since the handover . 
  it 's true that queuing and some other social etiquette is probably better among hong kong locals , but a lot of the hatred that they 're getting is based on hearsay . 
  in some recent protests you can see the old colonial flag being waved by teenagers who never even lived in the colonial era . 
  there 's a nostalgia for the past they never knew , especially since some basic civil rights for the chinese were n't instituted until the 70s ? 
  i think . 
  not to mention white british controlling most positions of power/industry there . 
  however the british never really infringed on chinese culture , letting the locals practice their religion and customs . 
  hong kong never had the cultural revolution that the mainland did under mao , so more of the older chinese traditions can still be found there and in taiwan as well . 
  although hong kong has its own government , it is being increasingly influenced by the mainland now . 
  the government recently tried enforcing a mainland style education class praising the communist party and tens of thousands gathered on the street , so they were forced to scrap it . 
  it has n't really changed all that much , but there 's a big hostility among the locals to losing their freedoms that the mainland do n't have so if you ask the locals , they will likely say it was better under the british simply because many of them hate the alternative so much . 
  i always thought baba o riley suited the intro for it really well, 
  i associate it with the girl working to it all the time in chunking express . 
  it 's a good film if you have n't seen it, 
  they played it in new zealand too for a while . 
  when i saw it i instantly thought it was one of the worst ads ever . 
  it told you nothing about the product other than cgi hamsters apparently like it . 
  the chrono cross soundtrack is the best game soundtrack ever . 
  the hd collections are pretty cool , and if you have a vita you can play them all on the go, 
  same here man . 
  i bought a 3ds for 3d , will buy a ps4 for 3, 
  there was a episode of not going out about this . 
  did you notice much of a decline in camera quality going from the 1020 to the 1520 ? 
  great post . 
  you 've got me devouring some inca history for the next half hour !, 
  it would be great if you did a review of the rest of the film , since 18 minutes provided so much information . 
  this has to be the most entertaining evangelical page i 've ever visited . 
  / r/sidehugs will love this . 
  you 're not going to convince anyone by acting like an asshole . 
  add in either christopher hitchens or julian assange and it 's perfect . 
  thank you kind sir !, 
  truly an honor to have my work immortalized on a space background like the masters : lewis , gervais and youtube commentators . 
  i 'm sorry , i would edit it if i could . 
  flying over disputed territory your allies have administered for years is hardly being the worlds bully . 
  the us has done a lot worse than this . 
  why are n't you a mod yet ? 
  you 're one of the better posters here . 
  i say we add some new mods to the place , everyone except xtirpation does n't seem that active . 
  you can add a wiki to the sub filled with information . 
  i think the mods should do that , putting links to information and threads about the most frequent travel questions andd then link it in the sidebar . 
  i heard falun gong funded them !, 
  mod83 participates in the community here and gives good discussions . 
  i hardly think he 's spamming his blog since he contributes here . 
  i one-clicked here to say, 
  #### this, 
  this classy sir just needs a neckbeard photoshopped on with science to truly be a faithsmasher . 
  `` how does a [ ] ( / nogod ) kiwi find [ ] ( / nogod ) sheep in a [ ] ( / nogod ) field ? 
  very fine . '', 
  - ( c ) [ ] ( / nogod ) circlejerkambassador 2013 , the year of [ ] ( / nogod ), 
  what !, 
  is this in his comment history ? 
  i knew his comment was pretty much the chart personified but if that 's his handiwork ... he 's incredible . 
  to be fair to him , he 's actually recognizing that science continued in the middle east , unlike the original . 
  tis evidently paradoxical yet supremely matriarchal , m ` lady . 
  he repeatedly posted in the sub , trying to validate his theory . 
  the reddit is literally hitler posts have always made me roll my eyes as much as the `` we did it reddit ! '', 
  ones, 
  no , not to an actual bank . 
  however you can convert them on an exchange like https://www.mtgox.com/, 
  wow . 
  relevant username amirite ? 
  you atheists are all so petty and rude, 
  i 'll be praying for you brother . 
  god bless . 
  i think it 's likely to be an rpg . 
  i would go with either skies of arcadia or shining force, 
  right , but the perception by the american public that they are `` different '' is largely because they have additional scriptures and practices . 
  it 's a lot harder to convince someone you 're not any different , when what you believe is fundamentally different to other christians . 
  i think romney made some progress as to making mormons more mainstream , and there are quite a few famous mormon musicians and actors that are well known . 
  however increasing visibility does n't translate as being seen as the same . 
  the psp came out 2005 , the iphone in 2007 . 
  most people would point to the first iphone as the first `` modern smartphone '' at least . 
  it was the first smartphone in its current touch screen style form anyways ,, 
  i thought it would be more likely that he would try vita , since i imagine geohot , deank , rogero and the current ps3 scene guys would be already on it . 
  those people probably have n't been to the sub . 
  / u/brucemo is an atheist and a mod there . 
  my boss is atheist and a homophobe as well . 
  it 's really not tied just to religion , since hinduism as far as i 'm aware does not condemn homosexuality .
