  - charity . 
  charity has always been a religious practice , from alms given to the temples in roman times , to the modern day catholic church , who run over 1000 hospitals in africa alone . 
  both in islam and christianity , tithing/zakat for the poor is a major part of the religion . 
  yeah , mexicans still have the same religious beliefs and value systems as most americans , except are probably more family oriented than americans . 
  the same sadly can not be said immigrants to europe . 
  if there 's a shortage of skilled workers ( doctors , engineers etc ) immigrants can help . 
  this is the same policy the us , new zealand , australia and many other developed countries have . 
  the problem is uncontrolled immigration . 
  if europe was only letting in skilled immigrants , they would be in much smaller numbers and causing far less societal problems due to their education levels . 
  none of this would be happening if not for europe 's terrible immigration policies . 
  i 'm surprised hong kong is so low . 
  there are a lot of churches there , and the one 's downtown seemed pretty active when walking around one sunday . 
  superstition is huge in china though . 
  especially in hong kong and taiwan , since they were spared the destruction of the cultural revolution . 
  or at least acknowledging religious traditions . 
  i ca n't wait until they try and syncreticize islamic holidays and christian ones . 
  in new zealand we 're not particularly religious , but we still value our religious heritage . 
  `` apatheism '' is another label for it . 
  i agree , but was just clarifying . 
  what do you mean the sabbath was adopted by religion ? 
  it was a uniquely judeo christian concept . 
  my point was that if it was n't for the religious weight backing the concept , it would n't have been introduced until centuries later after the enlightenment . 
  you do realize paganism is a religion ? 
  i agree that christianity has adopted various pagan customs , but they were still religious in origin . 
  your point about the universities is biased nonsense . 
  the first european universities were founded by the church in the medieval era . 
  the greeks and romans all had educational facilities yes , but higher education in europe was invented by the church . 
  you really have to understand the time period , the church was literally the only educator in medieval times . 
  the vast majority of the population aside from the elites , clergy and students were all illiterate . 
  while i agree that the churches forming universities did strengthen the churches control ( which was huge at the time , given that it was the largest institution in the world ) , the idea of them discarding science and knowledge to further their agenda is mostly a conspiracy theory . 
  they preserved many of the greek and roman scientific and philosophical texts ( as did the muslims ) , so without the church we would n't even have them today i recommend this review ( and the book itself ) by an atheist medievalist , who summarizes the facts quite nicely http://www.strangenotions.com/gods-philosophers/, 
  there has been no ancient civilization that existed without religion , so that 's really a moot point . 
  and human nature is pretty selfish , you just need to look at modern corporations to see that . 
  of course people have given out of their own conscience , but religion provided a big motivation for doing so . 
  again i think you 're quite biased in this issue and are overlooking the facts . 
  i do n't believe the church was or is some sort of benevolent benefactor of knowledge and charity , but they do and did provide aid regardless of the beliefs of whoever needs it . 
  exactly . 
  immigration is n't inherently a bad thing , so long as it 's controlled , the abuses are rigorously enforced and done in small quantities . 
  some people on this sub will cry out `` race mixing '' and other racist nonsense , but the problem has always been a matter of culture and education rather than race . 
  the failures of understanding this has been europe 's great folly . 
  it does seem that islam is the exception to this though ; even well educated muslims can still hold harmful views . 
  though this is still a smaller issue in the us and ca than it is in europe . 
  edit : i knew i recognized you from somewhere . 
  do you still go on msf much ? 
  yeah i more or less stopped after may may june as well . 
  but what a time it was . 
  no surprises that it 's from tumblr, 
  can you believe normie plebs do n't even know our sub on le reddit ? 
  in the united states it is only inuit groups in alaska that participate in whaling . 
  i agree that norway is seemingly overlooked when they 're one of the biggest participants though . 
  new zealand has territory in the southern oceans and administers a section of antarctica . 
  these are very much new zealand 's territorial waters , and if japan was whaling there , then they would rightfully be condemned . 
  it 's entirely domesticated , so there 's total control over its impact on the ecosystem . 
  with whaling that 's not the case . 
  i preferred you when you were drunk, 
  i see you know next to nothing about farming in new zealand . 
  we have reserves protecting wild animals and native plant life . 
  much of the farmland has been there over a century as well . 
  as for global warming , the impact is negligable compared to the co2 omitted from heavy industry and transport . 
  not really , because we do n't have control over the marine ecosystem . 
  fishing is also harder to regulate than farming ; in thailand they have nets that trawl everything in the ocean , leaving the seafloor bare and destroying the ecosystem . 
  with farming , the farmland is easy to police and the areas are designated . 
  just coming from an outsiders perspective . 
  there is really no chance of ceding any territory from turkey . 
  i think this demand should be dropped . 
  both the armenians and the greeks lost territory that they may once have had after the breakup of the ottoman empire . 
  even claiming for reparations will be controversial with turkey , so if you wish to for the turkish government to seriously recognize the genocide , the demand for territory is a no no ( although i think you would be entitled to reparations ) . 
  sorry if you thought i was derailing the conversation . 
  i 'm glad that the armenian state has no demand for them , and i 'll freely admit i 'm not all that knowledgable about the issue . 
  now are n't the eastern provinces mostly populated by the kurds though , some of whom already belong to a separatist movement . 
  how would that factor in with ceding them to armenia in this hypothetical scenario ? 
  i 've appreciated your conversation with / u/lupusprudens and again , sorry if you thought i was being rude . 
  i just wanted to participate . 
  my comment is n't irrelevant , it 's pointing out that there are portions of the southern oceans that belong to another sovereign nation . 
  additionally the waters in the southern oceans around antarctica are prohibited for any nation to fish or exploit . 
  outside of these areas in the southern ocean japan has as much a right to fish as anywhere else , but international marine territory does n't constitute the entire southern ocean . 
  not all cultures are equal , obviously . 
  but if they 're not practicing honour killings , sexism , child rape and the other extremities of the muslim pakistani community in the uk , and if they are happy to drink alcohol and integrate into british society , then i do n't see the problem . 
  it 's always been a cultural issue , not a racial one . 
  constantine 's splitting of the empire was only to fix the failures of diocletian 's failed tetrarchy ( splitting the empire into four administrative regions ), 
  the idea that christianity was responsible for the fall of rome is nonsense . 
  the eastern empire continued to hold out for centuries after . 
  i never use the moomble, 
  the only free to play games on steam are those that have in game payments e.g mmos and any other game with dlc . 
  every single game in the link your provided is the same . 
  there 's no financial incentive for the cost of valve hosting the game otherwise . 
  i agree that an offline version would be great , and i 'd love to have some matches with bots , but the only way to bring it to steam is to monetize it somehow . 
  sounds good to me :\\ ^ ), 
  i 'd love to be able to do a lan game with bots, 
  here 's an article analyzing valve 's practice , but just look at your link of the f2p games . 
  dota 2 and tf2 all have purchasable dlc , as do all the mmos and other titles there . 
  it 's not just valve that needs to gain a share of the profits from from hosting `` free '' games . 
  for developers , free to play games need to have some way to turn a profit , otherwise how are they going to continue making them ? 
  in the case of tagpro and indie devs they can make games for fun , but for the game devs working full time and putting their livelihoods on the line , of course they need to have some sort of monetization method . 
  can you link me a completely free game with no microtransactions ? 
  the policy may have changed with greenlight games , but i recall katawa shoujo , another popular indie game were n't allowed to release on steam because they did n't want to monetize the game . 
  it is good for the skin , that 's true . 
  it 's not much good for enjoying the scenery though ... or doing most activities . 
  the language , human rights , the justice system , drinking tea , sports ... most of the stuff you exported around the world . 
  have any political parties suggested subsidizing transport ?
