  there 's no incentive for digital copies if there 's drm involved . 
  sure i could buy a game on steam , but i ca n't take it to a friends house . 
  with a physical or pirated copy i can ... the only digital distribution model i support is gog, 
  i bought a hard copy collection of every c and c game up to that point for $ 15 us , which i can sell on at the same price second hand . 
  why are people downvoting you ? 
  when i buy games , i buy a physical copy , not one that can be taken from me if someone sabotages my account, 
  your uncle does n't have to thank god , he believes god used your uncle to restore his sight . 
  in north korea , you must thank kim jong il, 
  oops my bad , thought it said eye surgeon, 
  why is n't this a bigger story !!, 
  guys , stop with the rewind is amazing for making money at a casino . 
  if you could pause time , you could blow up a bank safe and get all the money you wanted . 
  the cameras could n't spot you , because their capture would be frozen . 
  everything would be put in your favour , you could see the worlds sights without having stupid queues , no more waiting ever again . 
  it would be so much better than rewind, 
  nothing happening for anyone else , a whole world to explore for yourself, 
  that was a beautiful prayer brother, 
  honestly , who here bottles their piss like howard hughes ? 
  i do drink a nice cup of bleach every so often . 
  email me at thefedshavegotme@gmail.com, 
  i realize now that the title looks like a song off some alternative death metal bands album , but safe to say it 's actually worse than a song could ever be, 
  somebody think of noodle blue !!, 
  guys ? 
  hello ? 
  anyone ? 
  i 'll just keep flooding this thread until somebody sees this, 
  big banana ? 
  how did it get so rotten ? 
  more importantly how was there a hole , i thought it was all sewn up ? 
  i 've used the wii d pad plenty , but i 've never used a d pad that 's better than psps . 
  ps2 + ps3 d pad is average , but for some reason sony got the d pad right on its portable, 
  well then i 'd better fix that . . 
  somebody really needs to make a proper version of this . 
  imagine mario in antarctica riding on a seal , or in the amazon hopping between river boats . 
  if it was made well it would be so good !, 
  i 've heard about a new digital distribution system based in sweden . 
  they call it the pirate bay . 
  the ui is a bit dated and it 's not quite as simple , but the prices are magnificent !, 
  i do n't think i 've even had to pay for a game yet, 
  avalanche city - love love love, 
  damn cool song, 
  just saw that the oddworld pack is only $ 1.60 . 
  would like to add you can get these two + strangers wrath and munches oddysey for $ 5 in the oddbox . 
  also the longest journey is amazing !, 
  i 've played quite a few point and click adventure games , and this is easily my favourite . 
  but do n't let it being a point and click game deter you . 
  the puzzles are challenging , and the story is incredible, 
  big west island if you want to get technical, 
  * close to any people , kermadecs are technically still part of nz, 
  guys , seriously why all the friction ? 
  will somebody please think of the fishes !, 
  sorry psp 2000 , i presumed the d pad was the same on all models, 
  because you would have control over time, 
  they probably were , i would n't believe north koreans would think the doctor had n't done anything, 
  omg carl sagan is like my religion lol !, 
  no , you should definitely wait for the christmas sale . 
  the cake iz a pie !!!, 
  hahaha, 
  why should you judge him based on his religious beliefs ? 
  it 's as bad as a christian saying they do n't like woody allen solely because he 's an athiest, 
  after studying irish history i 'd have to disagree on your point that if religion never existed , the people would n't be segregated . 
  irish hostilities are largely a result of the british colonies set up by the crown in ulster ( modern day northern island ) . 
  though the british colonists were a different , protestant branch of christianity , i do n't believe that it was mostly religion that was responsible , but british expansionism . 
  the irish after all were happily catholic for many centuries before the english turned up to take their land . 
  let 's keep discussing this folks . 
  some good points being brought out , lets have some more, 
  neither do christians, 
  `` war sux '' - sarl cagan, 
  have you actually played all the other zelda games ? 
  you can easily emulate wind waker and twilight princess on pc , and play them with a 360 pad . 
  obscure reference to tv show must deserve an upvote !, 
  yeah , you showed em . 
  they 'll think twice next time , before giving one of those compliments !, 
  why is the video now private ? 
  how could you even think star trek was cool , seriously ? 
  even trekkies know its not cool . 
  hey , i 'm from christchurch so i can help you out . 
  you probably do n't want to stay too long in chch after the quake , since the central city is closed off , though there 's plenty of shops and restaurants open throughout the rest of the city . 
  about an hour and a halfs drive from chch is hanmer springs - probably the most popular weekend destination away for christchurch residents . 
  it 's a alpine village that centers around the thermal hot pools ( like in iceland or bath ) it can be very relaxing in winter , and you can get a day pass to the pools there and just unwind . 
  while in hanmer definitely try saints pizza bar for a meal , hands down the best meal you 'll get there . 
  so definitely stay a night in hanmer . 
  there 's also kaikoura - a town north of chch on the coast , thats well known for its whale watching . 
  if you 're into that kind of thing , give that a try . 
  another town close to christchurch is akaroa , which offers swimming with hectors dolphins - the smallest in the world . 
  akaroa was originally colonized by the french , and a lot of the streets are french sounding . 
  it 's a nice little town , and the fish and chip shop is legendary . 
  skiing is something you would probably want to do in winter , and there should be plenty of snow on the slopes . 
  there are many conveniently located not far from christchurch , and you can rent all the equipment ( it will probably cost you a bit though , looking at 100-200 dollars a day ) porter heights and mt hutt are two of the closer ones . 
  if you want a great rail journey , there 's the tranzalpine which go 's from christchurch-greymouth on the west coast . 
  you 'll see stunning scenery of the southern alps , and in greymouth you can see the old goldmining towns ( shantytown ) or check out fox and tasman glaciers . 
  the trips usually a bit over a hundred return . 
  up the north of the south island is nelson - new zealands sunniest city , and a nice destination . 
  check out tahunanui - the beach area of the city , which me and my family usually stay for holidays . 
  nelson is a great starting point for golden bay + the malborough sounds , the closest you 'll get to a tropical part of the south island . 
  i 've never been during winter , but malborough sounds is incredible during summer . 
  in the golden bay area , there 's kaiteri , one of the most popular beaches in the south island , and a good day trip from nelson . 
  down further south , there are the fjords , which are meant to be spectacular ( i 've never been ) city wise , there is n't much . 
  dunedin is the biggest town south of chch , and is largely a university city . 
  invercargil is a hole - do n't bother with it .
