  sadly yes , we 're just making fun of it . 
  anybody else want to be a horseman of the apocalypse with me ? 
  i need 3 others . 
  the thing is though that the atheists on r/christianity tend to often be more sympathetic to what the op is going through . 
  he just wants reassurance in his own faith , and while i know that the atheist perspective is that this is a baby step to abandoning what he believes in and should be encouraged , the op really does n't want this . 
  also since there are atheists here , they usually do give a differing perspective , so there really is n't much need to xpost to another subreddit . 
  but op , if you feel you are grounded enough in scriputure to truly question your faith then you could try posting in r/atheism . 
  many of their arguments are quite challenging . 
  kingdom hearts : birth by sleep could be a good pick if you have n't played it . 
  there 's a lot of exploration you can do , even though it is very story driven . 
  lego star wars + other lego games can allow quite a bit of exploration , and are a lot of fun if you have n't played them before . 
  do you have custom firmware ? 
  if you do there are some amazing ps1 + gba games worth playing , and even if you do n't you can get some ps1 games off psn . 
  good lord . 
  please share it with us on imguuuur, 
  i would say that battlefield 3 and skyrim by internet hype and preorder levels would jointly be the most anticipated game of the year . 
  yes but if you invoke religion as a way to get votes and as what you 're suposedly supporting in your political career , then your inevitable failures tarnish not only your name , but christians as a whole . 
  it 's so obvious that people like rick perry are just exploiting christians for votes , and it 's damn shameful . 
  i 'm all for seperation of church and state as it corrupts the religious institutions whenever they 're given political power . 
  definitely , i think a large part of r/christianity believe in evolution and it saddens me when seeing other christians doing the same . 
  you ca n't disprove god , but you can easily disprove the genesis account being 7 literal 24 hour days , or taking place 6000 years ago . 
  people ca n't just take the bible at face value , especially the old testament . 
  if you have minimum understanding of the time period in which it was written and who it was written for then you 're just going to end up confused or in denial . 
  what happened with darkalex and m33 ? 
  did anyone hear from him again ? 
  supposedly ms let them use xp for only $ 3 a laptop though . 
  i wonder , have we had an ` essential christian quotes ' thread ? 
  that 's a really good idea . 
  ask her about the cheating first , and when she says no show her the damage !, 
  is this in reference to anything ? 
  i love zelda do n't get me wrong , but i think you 're taking it a bit seriously ... 
  martyrdom not suicide, 
  well now you 're referencing islam to back up your claim . 
  in islam yes , in christianity no . 
  it does n't really , but gives you good perspective on how hypocritical the religious right are in america . 
  reading it at the moment and loving it . 
  if you want an insight into modern chinese culture , you ca n't beat both of jung changs works : ` mao ' and ` wild swans ' . 
  wild swans is probably better story wise , giving an account of three generations of chinese including the author herself . 
  if you want to really see inside the mind of a despot and how he affected millions of lives then mao is a must read . 
  do you understand what suicide is ? 
  it 's death , willingly at your own hands . 
  ignatius was sentenced to die in the colloseum at the hands of the romans . 
  if he chose to jump in an arena and die of his own accord then it would be suicide , however it was not of his own will . 
  the christian martyrs of old were not afraid of death , as they knew they were going to a real where no death or sin could enter . 
  it 's not as if the churches could prevent his death , he was sentenced by the authorities of the time , and if the churches campaigned for his release they would have also been in danger since they had to be secretive about their faith . 
  do n't think so http://www.nzgameshop.com/pc-games/battlefield-3-191150, 
  screw you man , at least our crime 's low . 
  spouted by ` islamicatheist ' ? 
  this is what hatred does, 
  i do n't know if the numbers would be so high if the government was n't promoting it . 
  putin 's really driving it as a way for national unity , so i 'm not really sure how many are genuine believers , or just affiliating themselves as orthodox like the rest of the majority . 
  that said the growth of the faith in russia is definitely a good thing , considering the oppression it faced under communism . 
  i believe in dawkins , i do , i do !, 
  have you guys read over ron pauls budget ? 
  it actually can work , and none of the other candidates even have one laid out . 
  it would save your economy a trillion dollars !, 
  even if you do n't like his religious stance , he would drastically improve the economy . 
  because no other candidate has any evidence to show that they would help fix the economy . 
  ron pauls plan does , and if i was living in the us i would certainly vote for him . 
  the main thing people care about is having a good source of income . 
  at present the us economy seems to be stagnant , with funding going overseas as well as jobs . 
  despite what he believes he is good for your country economically and so i most certainly believe he deserves your vote . 
  ron paul does n't call himself a scientist , he calls himself a doctor . 
  how not to live your life . 
  brilliant comedy series that seems to be overlooked, 
  ctrl + f ( insert whatever you want ) upvote !, 
  thank god, 
  christian got owned lololol, 
  do n't be ashamed . 
  they 're missing out , not you . 
  it 's a joke guys , lighten up ... it is a joke right ? 
  haha , i do n't know if you go on circlejerk but there was a hilarious post on the relgious tendencies of some atheists, 
  i really think both sides need to acknowledge that there are bad people on both sides of the field , rather than denying whoever commit attrocities as not being ` true christians ' or ` true atheists ', 
  probably false positives, 
  it never will be, 
  does anyone actually think they have a chance this year ? 
  i 'm not actually meaning disrespect , but with how key has handled the cup and diasasters it does n't seem likely . 
  main thing is goffs unpopularity though . 
  francais !, 
  edit : german seems to have far longer words than french . 
  my sister learned german , and i learned french , german seemed to me much harder in terms of word length . 
  thanks , i 'll give it a try . 
  i 'll report back if it works , though i think i 've tried something with a similar name . 
  i nearly threw my cart out the window it was so painful . 
  then i looked up gamefaqs to help finish the game and made love to the cartridge . 
  see the thing is the majority of / r/gaming are big fans of steam . 
  over the years they 've invested their time and money into the service , and like keeping all their digital eggs in one basket . 
  along comes origin and changes that as one of the most anticipated ( and it looks like 2 of the most anticipated ) games of the year is exclusive to their service . 
  although steam originally had the same if not more problems that origin currently has , ( using a hugely anticipated sequel to bait people into their service , limited number of games ) they are so attached to what they 're accustomed to using that they refuse to even give the service a chance . 
  dead in the soul i believe, 
  it 's the same as in latin america and some pacific island communities as well . 
  people celebrate the old festivals with sacrifice , and yet go to church on a sunday . 
  more like a morphed regression, 
  wild assumption appears , it 's not very effective . 
  i do agree with you on some levels . 
  often many of the evangelicals will say ` god spoke to me ' and it 's fairly unlikely he did , especially for someone like rick perry to say that god told him to run for president , or whatever rubbish he 's been spouting . 
  however , i do believe god can be the still small voice that does speak to us . 
  yes , few christians experience god in all his majesty appearing to them and speaking with a booming voice , but that does n't discount him speaking in other less radical ways . 
  did you have foil over it . 
  last time i cooked a roast i forgot the foil until an hour through , thankfully it was still edible .
