  that 's most of the tourist bases covered . 
  i really recommend the hong kong history museum too . 
  is this when constantine fed the aberrosexuals to the lions ? 
  praise god what a glorious era that was . 
  \\ #borninthewrongmillenium, 
  for others to appreciate an interesting picture ? 
  homosexuals were persecuted under the officially atheist soviet union as well and the gay rights record in cuba and china is also pretty poor . 
  it 's as much to do with tribalism and it being `` icky '' as religion , though certainly in western countries most people at anti gay rallies are usually evangelicals . 
  now it 's embedded in western culture that there 's nothing wrong with homosexuality through laws and the media and so people accept it . 
  russia unfortunately has n't had that cultural change and even dismiss gay rights as `` western propoganda '' , using it as a political tool . 
  the orthodox church has become part of putin 's rebranding of russia , attempting to make it as significant as it was in the soviet days . 
  his piety is most likely poorly cloaked nationalism . 
  though it is possible he is an earnest believer , his political decisions do n't reflect what christ commanded . 
  there 's similar judgement to politicians in america who also use religion as a political tool , and for good reason . 
  google are starting to show the traits they used to decry in their competitors . 
  aside from the youtube google + debacle , they refused to create a youtube app on windows phone as well . 
  from my experiences , pc users usually have worse hygiene . 
  you have n't included any uk comedians in your list : john cleese , dylan moran , bill bailey , billy connolly , rowan atkinson , jimmy carr etc. 
  you 're just a butthurt fundie bracket . 
  embrace your inner srs . 
  at least almost everyone in the thread is taking it as one, 
  with great risk comes great reward ( the reward is more bitcoins !! ), 
  we 're defending freedom around the world . 
  so brave, 
  rocks have no cognitive facilities therefore they are atheist . 
  atheism implies no choice is required : babies are born atheist , the chicken i ate for lunch is atheist , the air that i breathe is atheist . 
  thus everything is atheism . 
  ah the old reddit barmitzvahjew, 
  oh wow it 's fantastic, 
  `` look , if lincolnists really wanted to honor ` abe lincoln ' , then they would sell all the memorials to ` lincoln ' in washington d.c. and around the world and give the money to the descendants of america 's slaves . 
  this inaction shows that they are not serious that their belief is a good belief . '', 
  ### yer goddamn right patriot, 
  it 's what happens when you ship freedom from china, 
  including burgers ? 
  i remember i was at the san diego zoo years ago visiting and my mum wanted us to have a healthy lunch . 
  we ordered `` chicken sandwiches '' and much to 12 year old me 's delight , a big greasy chicken burger came out on a standard burger bun . 
  in new zealand you would never call it a sandwich but i guess in the us , a `` sandwich '' may be more versatile . 
  if you 're wife is making you eat salad , then pick a tasty salad . 
  i often make a thai chicken salad which is tangy and delicious , and you do n't need to go without meat . 
  even though i personally disagree , this is one of the more insightful posts i 've seen on this board . 
  enjoy the gold, 
  gold joha ... jerry , gold !, 
  in this moment , i am high , not because of any federal cyber crime units blessing , but , because , i 'm sniffing data packets . 
  sounds like there 's only one black hat for this man and that 's, 
  his fedora . 
  9/11 was the real end of the 90s :(, 
  you mean good girl vagina, 
  i think the only real answer is that they all suck . 
  it does n't matter what image macro is used , because it 's just a tool for reddit to vent their worst opinions or stories of persecution . 
  for the average user linux is pointless . 
  the majority of programs you use , the linux alternative is nowhere near as good . 
  gaming is really a joke , consisting of mostly indie titles and shitty aaa ports . 
  when super meat boy was released the devs just laughed at linux users when users discovered it was a poor port , considering the miniscule userbase . 
  linux is far more customizable than windows having its kernel completely open . 
  that 's where the performance upgrades come from , it can be tuned and altered to get more out of the hardware than windows . 
  this is great for those who really need to fine tune pcs , and servers which is where it really excels in . 
  as for using it as a personal computer , the differences between releases and incompatibility with most programs makes it a poor choice . 
  if you do n't understand it then it does n't matter . 
  linux is the os for nerds who program for a living and who want to tweak their system . 
  to use even the most user friendly release like ubuntu as your os almost requires basic programming knowledge . 
  tl ; dr stick with what you know , because it 's actually better . 
  nothing . 
  except your favourite operating system is best suited for a server , rather than a personal computer . 
  * a-a lewis * in commemoration of the bravest thing that 's ever occurred on reddit . 
  haha this one is quite good . 
  not as good as a-a lewis though , 
  i would suggest a-a lewis, 
  i requested they get rid of it here http://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/26ej44/please_remove_the_piracy_guidelines_of/, 
  agreed . 
  even if you agree with piracy the automoderator should be impartial and be used moderate the sub by doing menial tasks , rather than as a tool to support your views . 
  this is just the mods using it to endorse piracy . 
  really good . 
  i 've found it has more players than modern warfare 3 . 
  fuck you jij you piece of shit . 
  you have the audacity to question my diet ? 
  my diet ?? 
  do you have any idea how much shit my fundie mom gives me every . 
  single . 
  day for subsisting on dew and doritos alone ? 
  i suffer for my disbelief and sanitary choices , and come to the internet expecting a safe space to vent . 
  but you and your fascist cohorts destroyed the mothership , and now you want to tell us what to eat . 
  #### fuck off back to the bible belt you christian piece of shit . 
  i like others believe that there is truth in other religions . 
  i do n't like the emphasis on works however , as i do n't believe anything a person does can gain them salvation other than truly believing and accepting it . 
  yes i was . 
  became agnostic in my teens but then came back to christianity . 
  i think non believers do n't believe in god . 
  most of my friends are n't christians and we get along fine since we do n't discuss god . 
  over my time on reddit i 've certainly encountered the bitter neckbearded atheist stereotype and i find anti theism a frankly pathetic stance for anyone to have . 
  most atheists however are n't anti theists and so long as they can accept people having a religious belief then it 's fine by me . 
  the seven days of creation is an allegory , though i understand it is literal in the hebrew text . 
  the universe has been expanding and shaped over the course of billions of years since god set it into motion . 
  through spiritual experiences and him revealing himself to people throughout history . 
  i believe we are born with an innate spiritual connection and it 's why every culture has religion . 
  there 's a longing for something greater than ourselves , and i believe there is something greater than ourselves : our father in heaven , made flesh in christ and revealed to us through the holy spirit . 
  i think the cheaper alternative is just researching what tv shows they want to watch and determining whether or not they 're appropriate . 
  if it 's not marketed as a kids tv show , odds is it is n't appropriate for 4-10 year olds . 
  all the old 90s cartoons like looney tunes , disney + pokemon etc are fine . 
  that is absolutely ridiculous . 
  you 're ignoring anyone who finds religion through genuine conviction or through it being a cultural force .
