  i 'll have to try reading the draft though . 
  anyways all the best man , that story was insane . 
  because backwards catholics and rte propaganda . 
  `` i 'm not going to allign my middle class struggle with theists , because i know i endure so much more '' - / u/oreography eh ? 
  censored by vatican shills on rte playing stupid home and away shit for the irish sheeple !!!, 
  he does have a sort of endearing stubbornness . 
  i know when it 's triple t it 's really low hanging , so i try not to bash him too much . 
  is this statement in scripture ? 
  because i 'd like to know before upvoting it . 
  the loveable bigot is an apt title . 
  like an old grandma that bakes cookies and reads bedtime stories but also rants on about how black people are all genetically inferior . 
  `` if anything what it comes down to is some countries have morals and values ( norway ) and some countries do not have morals nor values ( america ), 
  think about it , americans want to fight a war in syria ( an abomination ) and police the world ( fascists ) and stick to their ignorant views so are not having a good political system ( the republican party , christianity ), 
  norwegians want to protect children from americans , preserve gay marriage ( an amazingly positive and family oriented scandinavian institution ) and end american culture that rewards people for not being intelligent ... 
  its very cut and dry i do n't see how anyone can call that bigoted ... '', 
  he needs to check his horological privilege, 
  maybe try amazon or somewhere else ? 
  when the ps4 comes out there will be real value . 
  the earlier ones you can put cfw on to play whatever psp/ps1 games + emulators on too . 
  if you link to a reddit thread telling people to go either upvote or downvote on it your account and your board can be banned . 
  they 're the rules , even if they do n't enforce them a lot of the time . 
  people were saying the bezel makes it more protected from drops , though there is the glass back too . 
  i do actually like home and away ( le bravery bear ), 
  i actually followed some of the actresses on twitter for a while when i watched it daily . 
  also i mod / r/homeandaway which is completely inactive . 
  ah ok . pdf probably is n't the best format to sell a novel in , i 'd go either epub ( for nooks , sony 's etc ) or mobi for kindle . 
  paying for war with your taxes will only lead to more suffering . 
  paying for aid with your finances will help the refugees and innocent people . 
  i would suggest that would be the better solution than war . 
  the contacts ? 
  if you mean one of the parties involved in the civil war they certainly want the us 's help which is why the country 's going in . 
  to be honest , china and russia have both been sick of north korea lately . 
  during the last military exercises and them warmongering , china and russia voiced quite sternly voiced statements basically telling north korea to shut up . 
  if the us really wanted to go in and take pyongyang , i doubt china or russia would give them any help . 
  joining the thread to also suck barbatiscollum 's epeen . 
  i 'm reconstructing it for some web des practice, 
  i know goa goes on quite a bit, 
  it amazes me that people pour out thousands of dollars to make shitty products like this . 
  as loveable as a bigot can be . 
  i think it 's his naivety and predictability . 
  his views are pretty toxic though , i agree . 
   implying a fundie would know what was funny, 
  #### just inhaled ur comment m8 . 
  top [ 10 ], 
  ##### tbh ur not that funey : /, 
  not to mention liberal arts majors will be writing long essays about their chosen topic , so know how to articulate their opinions cohesively . 
  this is not pretentious at all , this man is standing up for our freedoms on a privately owned website . 
  dare i say it , this is actually brave . 
  oh dear / r/circlejerkcopypasta have you become the evil meta sub ? 
  tangling too long with copypasta makes a pasta chef of any man , and here we seee / r/circlejerkcopypasta again , hand on keyboard , oppressing reddits political scientists, 
  what le fuck , do you even science, 
  #### when the whole world is one big matrix of lies ... science becomes the only truth . 
  it 's the only way to sift through it all with any certainty . 
  so anyone can claim to know what happens , or you can learn the science and know what happens . 
  #### in science ... it only takes one proof that a theory is wrong ... even the most hardened theory . 
  the understanding of acetylcholine effects are fully understood , so who 's wrong , the lairs in washington or science ? 
  #### also how many conspiracies have to be proven right before people realize that the us government is n't to be trusted ? 
  nsa , gulf of tonkin false flag , the cia overthrow of mohammad mosaddegh , there were no wmd 's in iraq , j edgar hoover blackmailing hollywood movie stars and politicians , i could go on for days . 
  yeah i saw this on / r/videos like last year, 
  #### fixed that 4 u good sir : ^ ), 
  weed is natural, 
  god made nature, 
  therefore god made weed, 
  therefore weed is good ( to burn and inhale into your body like every other plant is ), 
  corrupted by the vatican with their godless gold . 
  may he rot in cyberspace . 
  so long and thanks for all the karma !, 
  are you kidding ? 
  this is / r/worldnews where some long winded variation of `` fuck islam '' becomes the most upvoted comment . 
  and yet you 're the smart one claiming head of a faith with 1.2 billion followers has n't been relevant in 500 years . . 
  you forgot your christian anarchist flair !, 
  i have n't read it , but is n't atlas shrugged mostly about promoting rand 's political and ecnonomic philosophy ? 
  how did it influence you spiritually ? 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  there 's a mix of denominations here , and some ( especially those who subscribe to prosperity gospel teachings ) likely disagree the john piper video, 
  at my church all the pastors use their ipad app ... 
  on the subject of digital versions of the bible , i made a post with copies of the net bible ( a really detailed academic translation ) in . mobi and . epub files here if you 're interested, 
  do n't forget to snake handle on your way into the forest !, 
  in sweden , gay atheists can get married whenever they want . 
  i 'm sure that 's his top priority, 
  would n't want to waste your science sperm, 
  i always thought romans , specifically, 
  [ romans 13:10 ], 
  was my favourite book ** in the bible **, 
  the united states has a federal minimum wage . 
  is the us also socialist ? 
  it 's likely paid off for their massive business sector too, 
  it probably works with other parents who 're trying to set up their daughters . 
  as for the average 20 something year old woman , i do n't think having a mother suiting out their son is going to be a big turn on . 
  you guys should totally elect hugh jackman . 
  one of the few gay pm 's in new zealand voted against our gay marriage bill . 
  some take the stance that marriage should be a purely religious thing , even if it the rights it entails need to be recognized by the government . 
  op what is this and where is it from ? 
  [ what the fuck ? 
  if people honestly believed in god they would be all be dogmatic ? 
  how does that even make sense . 
  most peoples faith is n't strong enough to literally sell their house , it does n't mean they do n't believe in charity . 
  people are flawed , in order to believe that people would do literally anything for their faith , no matter how extreme , you 're turning a blind eye to human nature . 
  also it seems op 's being called out in the comments for basing it off a book he read . 
  who would have thought this story was bullshit ... ] ( / ooc ),
