  i 'd vote ukip so i could get a commonwealth passport and take all your jobs . 
  all of them, 
  fascism has become synonymous with authoritarianism across the political spectrum , even though it 's not . 
  britain at least has restricted non eu immigration since the tories came to power . 
  under labour it reached levels near what sweden was accepting . 
  falklands would be immigrants from the uk . 
  andorra is french/spanish and portuguese immigrants . 
  are you actually turkish ? 
  ironically , throwing out that xkcd quote also gives you the perspective of feeling superior to others . 
  here 's a great presentation on why dawkins loves maymays, 
  alternatively , this beautiful video of crusader 's removing kebab . 
  [ not true according to snopes , but he has said similar sentiments on immigrants needing to integrate ] ( http://www.snopes.com/politics/soapbox/putinduma.asp ), 
  at least there was a reason for them letting the immigrants in . 
  sweden had no colonial past to atone for in muslim countries . 
  you ca n't , and this generation who had nothing to do with it should n't have to . 
  however , it 's undeniable that one of the motivations for letting in pakistani , west indian & nigerian refugees in the 60s and 70s was a feeling of responsibility towards helping those the empire colonized . 
  have you ever tried importing a prostitute ? 
  the taxes are ridiculous . 
  dank memes are 420 % proven to be the most effective form of discourse . 
  frankie boyle especially . 
  i cringed when people posted his guardian opinion piece on immigration ; what a load of bollocks that was . 
  the production standard is so low and the guy is trying way too hard . 
  i cringed . 
  he 's not a so called prince , he is a prince . 
  just because being a prince is associated in american 's minds with prince charming does n't lessen the position at all . 
  most prince 's throughout history were uglier than charles . 
  you 're welcome to your opinion but it seems to be emotionally driven rather than factually driven . 
  so what if `` your majesty '' seems archaic to you , of course an ancient institution will have ancient customs . 
  i 'd suggest examining the financial benefits the institution brings before making another judgement . 
  his claim is ridiculous as it is a masterful picture , but seeing it in person was a little underwhelming . 
  firstly it 's hard to see , since you have at least twenty tourists taking photos of it at all times . 
  secondly it 's a lot smaller than most people realize . 
  i found some of the lesser known artworks in the louvre a lot more impressive , especially the roman sculptures and works of the venetian artists . 
  what was surprising to me , was that the venus de milo barely even had a crowd around it . 
  the mona lisa was seemingly the only `` selfie worthy '' thing . 
  i refuse to believe he 's not a troll . 
  some of the works on / r/imaginarylandscapes show incredibly computer artwork , but from the wealth of computer made artwork he shows a gundam clone of all things . 
  i thought it was because it was considered tasteful to paint genitals smaller . 
  michelangelo was never in 4k bruh . 
  western military interventions have nothing to do with religion . 
  only isis and the takfiri 's call them `` crusades '' . . 
  there 's no point drawing hypotheticals when jews do n't revere their prophets to as fanatical levels as islamic extremists do . 
  anti semitism is rife amongst far right loons like ben garrison and / pol / , and jews are frequently targeted in religiously motivated attacks , yet nobody has ever been killed over drawing moses , or jesus . 
  it 's only muhammad . 
  perhaps it 's worth examining why it 's only in islam that you find these issues occurring . 
  why should the consequences exist ? 
  why should innocent people have to change their behaviour , over the actions of criminals ? 
  if you live in america , then either respect people 's right to draw your prophet or leave the country . 
  your rights do not trump everyone elses . 
  yes it is . 
  why is this so hard to understand ? 
  people will look at it with disgust , but you have the right to do so because you are an american . 
  there have been countless racist cartoons published , yet the african american community are n't murdering people for it . 
  you can not draw a hypothetical over drawing images of the prophet , because every other religion and every other racial or cultural group accepts that you have a right to say what you will , no matter how disapproved of it may be . 
  no other group is reacting in as extreme a manner to artwork as radical muslims are . 
  yes to yazidi 's , kurds , jews etc. 
  i prefer is-isn ' t, 
  you can still set working hours for yourself , while working at home . 
  there 's no reason why you should have to answer your emails at 7 am , when you can start clocking in the hours at 9am as usual . 
  but i agree , it suits some people and does n't suit others . 
  if you have kids around it would be particularly distracting . 
  i would say france has a similar situation with paris . 
  lyon , marseille and the other second cities still dwarf in comparison to the investment and focus directed towards paris . 
  it 's the seat of government and home to the tech sector , fashion and cultural industries as well . 
  additionally the other french all hate the parisians as well . 
  i agree with your point that expecting to buy in a zone 1 or central borough is completely unfeasible for first time buyers , but if you ca n't buy a property in cheaper boroughs like croydon or bexley , then there 's nowhere else to go . 
  it 's not unreasonable to say there 's a problem if first time buyers ca n't buy a property at all . 
  hi friends !, 
  finishing up my last semester at jewni . 
  i do n't think i 've played that much with you before . 
  the system in new zealand is just that . 
  you cast a nationwide party vote , as well as voting for your local candidate . 
  pakistan is the least loyal partner the united states have ever had . 
  in that case i 'd like some of this chump change . 
  israel may have a poor track record , but at least it does n't openly fund terrorist groups that target the us and afghanistan , unlike the isi . 
  one of their better one 's . 
  loved the touch of farage shooting migrants from a bi-plane , did n't someone use a similar metaphor recently ? 
  i thought your above comment was a joke , but it seems you 're actually serious . 
  tagging is willfull destruction of private and public property . 
  whatever the motivations , it 's an extremely crude form of self expression . 
  i was taken along to a tagging session with a maori friend in high school , where he put an illegible version of his signature behind the public toilets in the park . 
  he did n't do it out of any battle against the bourgeois elite , his aim was `` to fuck shit up '' . 
  there is no art in the majority of it , it 's mostly regional gang identifiers or poorly written signatures with expletives or insults . 
  by defending tagging you 're defending a practice that costs councils and local transport thousands annually to clean up . 
  there is zero element of class struggle to it ; if it expresses anything significant , then it 's inconsideration to others . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  labour have been promoting themselves heavily amongst the pakistani population in luton http://i.imgur.com/bdnj8op.jpg, 
  additionally there was the controversy this week of labour candidates attending a segregated rally for the asian community http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/575105/labour-segregation-britain-jack-dromey, 
  maoist types like him will always be willfully blind . 
  is n't it poor form to respond to your own alt account . 
  how are you calculating these figures ? 
  is this subreddit really for shitposting ? 
  i thought you were all upstanding individuals making quality contributions to reddit . 
  rude, 
  i have a non apple tablet , but i 'd love it if you sold a pdf copy of the book too . 
  the very definition of delusional . 
  that also describes their worldview rather well ... 
  you have to wonder whether etiquette extends to real life for these people as well , since it clearly does n't on the internet . 
  * just cause you guys play pro ... *, 
  i nominate hfriends for the most pleasant player though .
