  could you pm me about the skype group ? 
  i think this is why we should all follow the widely acknowledged definition found in the dictionary , rather than adding the baggage of the fringe sociological `` power + privilege '' definition . 
  you should just follow the example of your oppressed poc neighbours and pee in the corridors . 
  why are straight white men entitled to toilets anyways ? 
  you 're expecting saudi arabia - possibly the worst human rights abuser on earth , to be convinced by an appeal on humanitarian grounds ? 
  i thought you were iran for a second and got confused . 
  it will probably be your turn soon joao . 
  round election time there were strong rumours that odilo scherer , archbishop of sp would be the next pope . 
  john stalvern waited . 
  the lights above him blinked and sparked out of the air . 
  there were demons in the base . 
  he did n't see them , but had expected them , now for years . 
  his warnings to cernel joson were not listenend to and now it was too late . 
  far too late for now , anyway . 
  john was a space marine for fourteen years . 
  when he was young he watched the spaceships and he said to dad `` i want to be on the ships , daddy . '', 
  dad said `` no !, 
  you will be kill by demons ! '', 
  there was a time when he believed him . 
  then as he got oldered he stopped . 
  but now in the space station base of the uac he knew there were demons . 
  `` this is joson , '' the radio crackered . 
  `` you must fight the demons ! '', 
  so john gotted his palsma rifle and blew up the wall . 
  `` he going to kill us , '' said the demons !, 
  `` i will shoot at him , '' said the cyberdemon and he fired the rocket missiles . 
  john plasmaed at him and tried to blew him up . 
  but then the ceiling fell and they were trapped and not able to kill . 
  i must kill the demons , '' he shouted !, 
  the radio said `` no , john . 
  you are the demons . '', 
  and then , john was a zombie . 
  christians believe that the ideal family has both a mother and a father . 
  marriage was supposed to be an unbreakable commitment to your spouse and god , to promise to raise children in a safe environment . 
  i believe you can measure a `` decline in family values '' by looking at the divorce rates . 
  half of all marriages in america now end in divorce , there has been no other time in history that this has occurred . 
  the effects divorce or even worse , a totally absent parent has on the children in a marriage is terrible . 
  yes society will change , but i do n't believe the individualism of the sexual revolution has lead to more healthy families , in fact i would say the opposite is true . 
  christianity will never disappear . 
  could have done with a few more europen 's on his flag ... 
  double the dose of oppression though, 
  it 's not as pronounced as it is in japan though . 
  of course there 's some casual racism that goes on in the west , but not to the extent that it exists in japan - due to the country being so homogenous . 
  if you want to be smug you could say that `` crappy mass produced versions of european culture '' is american culture . 
  just one note - you 've got a typo in the first picture . 
  it should be `` so many more statistics '' not `` so much more '', 
  but if it breaks down you 're really out of luck ... and money . 
  i think someone 's got a downvote bot on you . 
  your comment was at -1 when i viewed it . 
  it 's effective at exploiting people with low self esteem though . 
  i 've met a share of `` alpha males '' ( read : middle aged spouse abusers ) and the tactics are basically the same . 
  ensure that your partner has no self worth and is dependent on you . 
  sorry , the new testament was written to `` free the masses from christianity ? '', 
  and honestly the witch burnings and persecution of scientists is vastly exaggerated . 
  the whole `` dark ages '' myth that christianity held back the world from enlightenment is nonsense , many [ monks preserved scientific texts at a time when nobody else in europe was doing so ] ( http://www.strangenotions.com/gods-philosophers/ ), 
  not sure about morocco , but tunisia peacefully ousted their dictator , and the country is still stable and growing economically . 
  i find the idea that modern day europeans who had nothing to do with their governments from past centuries , must have some sort of colonial original sin , pretty laughable . 
  i bought a wii u more or less for mario kart 8 , though the backwards compatibility & hackability helps as well . 
  i thought they mostly fixed the rrod problems with the slim 360, 
  xpost to / r/newzealand and you 'll have a better shot . 
  i 'd come but i 'm from christchurch, 
  you 're pathetic . 
  is there any situation in which these people should be held accountable for their actions , or because they 're immigrants will there always a historical cart blanche against the west . 
  innocent migrants will be tarnished by the actions of others , but unfortunately this is how groups are judged . 
  i would not be surprised if italians reach a boiling point over these incidents . 
  just the other day a senegalese muslim boy assaualted a girl because she was wearing a crucifix . 
  this is one of the most catholic countries on earth - how would any gulf nation feel if western workers urinated on a mosque ? 
  i doubt the response would be as lenient . 
  the fact that your migrants from the mena region are n't integrating . 
  1 - mario kart 8, 
  2 - other cool upcoming local multiplayer games, 
  3 - hackability + backwards compatibility of wii mode . 
  it 's not a human life , it 's a few months away from being a human life !!, 
  update : i decided to help make my son a murderer . 
  hi friend, 
  ## hear that fundies ? 
  you 're \\ #losing !, 
  take your superstitions and get the fuck out of here . 
  f u n d i e s o u t, 
  i have it on good scientific backing that left handed people are inbred . 
  do we really want to condone incest in this country ? 
  left handers out . 
  retention rates are strongest amongst the muslim community than any other faith group . 
  many balkan countries historically lived under muslim ( ottoman ) rule , where they as a minority religious group were marginalized . 
  there 's a lot of antipathy towards muslims still in those countries . 
  this is especially true in serbia and greece . 
  of course if you 're a woman , you must go to a segregated area and ensure you 're dressed modestly so as not to tempt male gazes . 
  but otherwise , there are no restrictions . 
  i think the problem lies in that you are the third largest demographic . 
  the media 's portrayal of muslims on both left and right is n't nuanced i agree , but of course they going to represent the majority groups of muslims that they can find at the mosques or in muslim areas like tower hamlets and luton . 
  and the majority of these are pakistani/bengali , who are more religious and more fervent , so of course that 's the portrayal that 's given . 
  shame nobody recognized this quality trolling . 
  to be fair brazil is n't a monolith . 
  in the states of santa catarina and rio grande do sul the crime rate is comparatively low to what it is in rio and especially to places like salvador . 
  of course these are also the two most affluent and white parts of the country as well . 
  i thought that was just a maori accent ? 
  i 've never heard the whole `` bru '' thing in christchurch - i have heard the rough country accent though which is pretty awful . 
  hoi , moi names sharen from seedneey . 
  oi loike long walks on the boich , and roast cheeken . 
  hence `` our google reviews '',
