  it left an emotional scar and again cemented charles 's hatred of all things external . 
  everything outside of his room was foreign , and by default an enemy . 
  it was a meager living but it was a living nonetheless . 
  the most common human contact he had was with the courier and grocery deliverymen . 
  it was impossible to be friends with someone you only saw for mere minutes a day , and yet charles would have counted them as his friends . 
  courier drivers had seen worse than charles and treated him like anyone else , or at least charles felt that way . 
  he tore open a packet of hot pockets , dropping the plastic wrapper down onto the floor and shoved them in the microwave hastily . 
  charles was never short on time , but he had missed the deadline for his coding last month and needed to make it up this month . 
  despite the porn addiction and hours spent on reddit and 4chan , he was able to get decent work done when nobody was around judging him . 
  however when charles returned from the kitchen a beeping sound was omitting from his computer . 
  his limited edition sailor moon magnetic plush had been knocked off its perch on the windowsill , and had attached onto his computer . 
  there was nothing he could do , the hard drive was dead . 
  charles had backed up his files two weeks ago , but he had lost his most recent work and the deadline was a week away . 
  charles knew that this was drastic . 
  he could n't wait until tomorrow to get computer parts , he needed to buy them now . 
  he would salvage whatever worked , and buy some more diet coke to cram work all night if he had to . 
  but this was n't the worst of his problems , as for the first time in months he would have to leave the house . 
  he sighed heavily . 
  he fisked his hands up and down his jeans , double checking his pockets to ensure he had everything required . 
  as he opened the door , charles realized he was missing something . 
  there was no way he could make the journey without his travel companion . 
  charles had few friends , but he always knew one that would never fail him . 
  one that was there in the good times and the bad . 
  one who encouraged him and made him feel like a man in public . 
  as he opened the door to leave the sanctuary , charles adjusted his fedora and walked out into the light . 
  would you say you primarily game on pc now or console ? 
  i figured working at pc gamer would have some effect haha, 
  what 's your view on tsingtao ? 
  i had it once and did n't think it was too bad . 
  can you recommend any other good asian beers ? 
  i 've just had tsingtao , tiger ? 
  i think it was and quite like sapporo . 
  i 've mostly just had sake/shoju, 
  is n't chelsea considered `` poor '' by this map, 
  i do n't know about posting full albums here ... 
  alternatively / r/conspiracy, 
  here 's a wikipedia article on a grizzly/polar bear hybrid . 
  i imagine it would look similar to this, 
  oddly enough they pretty much just used the first . 
  passion is n't in any but the 2nd, 
  i know you 're talking about ddd , but it looks like you 're extremely happy to be talking about kingdom hearts, 
  i have n't finished the game , but they used the orchestral version of hikari for the theme http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szpsjy76tbo, 
  prayer certainly does n't have to be poetic . 
  just let out what you 're feeling to god , it 's like therapy . 
  just throw out all your pain/issues and what you 've been feeling and thinking of recently . 
  / u/govschwarzenegger please do this . 
  it 's an internet in joke and we 'd all love it if you 'd do it . 
  beauty and the hitler, 
  clair de lune is my favourite as well . 
  incredibly well known , but it 's minimalist perfection . 
  pwning fundies online, 
  [ the ultimate pissed off song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnd5ddvwsfe ), 
  because your anecdote is superior to his anecdote right ? 
  what 's your view on the times of india ? 
  they seem the main english language paper and their articles are well written . 
  pokemon crystal, 
  team fortress 2, 
  original kingdom hearts, 
  masculine tear ducts into full speed overdrive . 
  engage !, 
  #### upblazed for terrorism, 
  the ira and irish troubles are a lot more complicated than mere religious differences . 
  i absolutely agree with you that religious violence is n't unique to islam , and i hate the bigotry on this board . 
  i was glad to see on the sidebar the mods are actually doing something about it . 
  looking at the fighting in syria for example , while the government is mostly alawite shia , do you honestly think that the sunni rebels only dislike them for that reason ? 
  it was the harsh crackdown of protests , as well as political ambitions that mostly started the civil war . 
  while it 's tangentially related to religion and religion is involved , to label it a religious war is ridiculously oversimplifying the issues . 
  of course there are islamist groups in the conflict that claim they 're doing it for their ummah but they also want political power and to leech the resources out of the country , as much as anyone in the secular fsa does . 
  likewise , the `` religious '' conflict is more complicated in ireland . 
  while catholicism and protestantism gave people different identities , the tensions date back to the plantations + colonies king james established in ulster . 
  they effectively kicked the local irish off their land . 
  there are political , cultural and economic issues going back centuries that have been unresolved contributing to the divisiveness in northern ireland . 
  so while i agree with you about islamic violence not being as simple as it appears and that people of any ideology can be prone to it , i also think what is often called `` religious violence '' in general has a lot more factors contributing to it as well . 
  religion is often part of a peoples identity , but not necessarily the main cause of violence which can stem from economic/political/cultural issues . 
  i know it 's beating a dead horse , but i ca n't separate this quote from him trying to justify his awful antisemitism . 
  ### come at me nsa bros. 
  do you even know how much fucking science that is ? 
  disabled people should be eu ^ ^ phoric thinized . 
  that way they wo n't contribute their worthless genes unlike le me . 
  my 70 % fat bodymass and karma on reddit shows i am clearly contributing to humanity , unlike them . 
  ** we can do it **, 
  i 'm quite sympathetic to a lot of conservative views , and let 's be honest reddit really is a left wing echo chamber . 
  but this thread has no substance . 
  everyone 's complaining about the evil liberal downvote machine , whilst jerking each other off about how oppressed they are . 
  it 's pretty embarrassing really . 
  looks like something out of side hugs, 
  i 'm pretty sure they share a mod then . 
  i 've seen the sub criticized there before , so i can only imagine that 's probably the reason, 
  i liked the classical tracks, 
  if the growth is shrinking and the mortality rate staying the same , then the population numbers are shrinking too, 
  she is answering , yet everyone 's downvoting her responses . 
  political agenda or not , this is no way to have a discussion . 
  it 's a trainwreck from both sides on here . 
  it 's a loaded question like half this ama . 
  she may be giving shitty responses ( and yes have shitty views ) but a lot of the time it 's due to snarky questions like this, 
  omg the jidf is downvoting you !!!, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  you can use the win 8 menu for your apps or the win 7 style one . 
  best of both worlds . 
  i got a new laptop with it last week and it 's way better than 7 so long as you have a start replacement .
