  i agree , but can we please not be so self centered as to bring the debate back to us . 
  armenians were n't the only ones before rome though . 
  ethiopia declared christianity the official religion in 330 ad too . 
  theodosius made it the state religion of the roman empire in 380 ad . 
  just a really nice orthodox chant in arabic . 
  it 's only six minutes akhi . 
  does a bond girl ever have to deliver a solid acting performance though ? 
  it 's all about the eye candy for that role . 
  nobody deserves that kind of treatment . 
  i 'm sure you 're beautiful op . 
  cultural concepts are deeply ingrained into ancient societies like china 's . 
  people simply do not act the same as everywhere , or are universally predictable as you 're implying . 
  the mandate of heaven may not be followed to the length that the above poster is implying , but it 's deeply embedded in the chinese conscience . 
  your insistence that the every poster that disagrees with you is some sort of victorian anthropologist is getting a little tiring . 
  but again , you have n't explained why people are wrong . 
  you 've just managed to sound as self important as everyone else offering bite sized nuggets of the truth . 
  i agree that the way reddit and social media in general functions is to deliver easy to consume content , and so complicated subjects end up being simplified . 
  i 'm no expert and never would claim to be , but i have read about chinese history myself , and am aware that despite mao and the ccp 's efforts to do away with `` superstition '' , historical concepts like the mandate of heaven do still permeate the chinese conscience . 
  just like traditional chinese medicine and the confucian family structure . 
  if you 're wanting to call people out on their crap then by all means do it , but you have n't offered any explanation as to why they 're wrong . 
  nazism is not `` real change for good '', 
  who needs friends if you 've got a range rover ? 
  yes but really popular in the uk though, 
  it 's not retarded if everyone else is doing it !, 
  i really like your flag . 
  i had n't looked at many of the uk county ones before . 
  relevant username . 
  i wish the ccp would at least honour the joint declaration . 
  i know you do n't really mind who is in charge so long as they respect your culture and leave you alone to do things the hk way . 
  the ccp trying to make hong kongers `` love the motherland '' is so pathetic . 
  if 60s fashion can make a comeback why not 1860s fashion ? 
  do n't mind me . 
  i 'm just out in regents park walking my tortoise, 
  nice flag edit . 
  i would imagine any country that was n't colonized would be seen as some goblin like uncivilized creature . 
  especially the heart of the goblin empire : france . 
  oh yes i 'm aware . 
  still i do n't think they 've been unsuccessful in their efforts . 
  primary schools are trying to instil patriotic values . 
  hong kong culture is going to be further eroded , especially since a lot of the cinema and arts has moved across the border and is no longer in canto . 
  a few asian countries too . 
  thailand and japan for one . 
  in new zealand we ( at least up until recently ) imported most of our second hand cars from japan . 
  sorry it 's an iphone panorama job . 
  it gives you a sense of the scale of the place . 
  the mine is right in the middle of town too . 
  you just walk a few steps up off the main street and you 're there . 
  this was late december . 
  had a few days at waihi beach . 
  that 's not really misogyny is it ? 
  that 's closer to sexism . 
  it 's patronizing and sexist to say `` you should get a women to cook for you '' but i do n't think it shows outright hatred towards women . 
  there 's nothing in here, 
  i think most people in new zealand and australia have seen it too . 
  it 's likely just americans as they did n't air many british shows over there . 
  the us does n't invade its allies, 
  as the negative effects of colonialism are still felt , so too are the benefits . 
  that english is the worlds lingua franca owes a good deal to british colonialism . 
  common law and rule of law , sensible policing , social etiquette such as queuing , post enlightenment judeo christian morality are now found across british colonies the world over . 
  none of these should be underestimated . 
  look at hong kong or singapore where the ease of setting up or doing business is far simpler than their non western east asian counterparts . 
  much of that owes to the british derived legal system that had sensible business laws . 
  the benefits of the industrial revolution in essentially bringing the modern world to britains colonies should also be praised . 
  i would not pretend that especially in india many of these benefits were felt bythe majority of the population , but after independence they were able to make use of the existing infrastructure and technological prowess that britain gave them . 
  in the colonies where human rights and equality were respected ( aka those where the population was predominantly englishmen ) britain lay the foundations for creating some of the most desirable countries to live in on the planet . 
  we , australia , canada etc succeeded because of our british heritage and the colonial institutions that were given to us by the british empire . 
  when looking back on the empire , shame should not be the first feeling associated with it . 
  you have a right to be proud , just as you have a right to be sorrowful as to what happened . 
  colonialism was an inevitability and if you perceive it as an awful thing , then it was a necessary evil . 
  i for one am grateful that it was britain who dominated the colonial era rather than any of the other european powers , because at least britain left tangible positive effects on its colonies , unlike the spanish for example whose only purpose was to plunder the local resources . 
  the roman empire is a brilliant analogy . 
  romes brutality is now mostly forgotten . 
  the sack of carthage is considered one of histories first genocides , yet few people are aware of any genocides prior to the 20th century . 
  the peoples that were subjugated under them were all forgotten in the light of cultural and technological progress that the romans gave their subjects . 
  every empire functions on conquest and subjugation , but we judge empires by the benefits they bring . 
  it is why the british empire still has a positive reputation for many people , because it did bring cultural and technological changes to its territories . 
  britain was simply a victim of being around in the era of the newspaper and the dawn of mass communication . 
  the romans were not . 
  quite ironic that you would call others thick when resorting to comparisons to nazism is just about the lowest form of intellectual laziness around . 
  people are proud of the postive aspects of colonialism . 
  do you think the roman empire was a good thing ? 
  they too engaged in genocides , racism and all the other horrors of imperialism . 
  despite these forgotten horrors ( and most people have forgotten the worst excesses of the british empire as well . 
  few average people could name the boer camps or the bengal famines ) , most people look back on rome as a wonderful time of technological achievements and along with greece , laying the very foundations of europe . 
  british imperialism coincided with the industrial revolution and these technological advances were exported alongside british colonialism . 
  it was a period of rapid change in the world and the british were driving it . 
  that might give you a clue as to why some people see it as a good thing . 
  i am naturally more biased towards being in favour of british colonialism when i benefited from it . 
  my country would not exist without british colonialism , and if it it was n't britain that colonized us the french were not far behind . 
  when you talk about romans building `` their empire on murder , theft and exploitation '' and then talk about the british empire being a `` string of atrocities with very few parallels in history '' do you not contradict yourself ? 
  all empires were built on wars ( you can call them murder ) and exploitation . 
  there is nothing unique about the british empire in that regard . 
  most of the other colonial empires , especially the belgians whose actions in africa were unspeakably awful and more or less a reintroduction of the slave trade afterwards . 
  before the european colonial powers there were the ottomans , and before them the mongols , and before them the islamic conquests etc. 
  pointing to others who engaged in worse actions does not excuse britains actions but it does show that they were not unique . 
  they are the shared traits of every empire in history . 
  there are the conquered and the conquerors , that is just how political expansion worked up until the modern era of nation states and universal human rights . 
  naturally i would n't be quite as honest when talking to an indian , but would you be quite as honest in your criticism of british imperialism if you were talking to a ww2 vet who fought for the empire ? 
  if anyone is interested , i believe this is the documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjiafk61npe, 
  here is the documentary i believe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjiafk61npe,
