  also why is n't namibia considered enlightened african either , since it fits his definition . 
  brazilians also hate being referred to as latino 's . 
  the culture is completely different from state to state , let alone lumping the whole country in with spanish speaking south america . 
  i do n't think i need to point out any of the other ridiculous broad brush strokes . 
  religion clearly could n't send a terminator , because terminators are made with the power of science . 
  i still believe the theory stating that ` st religious perfidious ( the inventor of religion ) kidnapped the inventor of time travel in 2360 in order to rewrite the history of the world ' has some merit in the academic community . 
  doing bad in high school is often a neckbeard trait, 
  oh of course , it 's so difficult for this genius cartographer . 
  i also wonder who the british virgin islands or netherlands antilles belong to . 
  also lol , you 've already changed your flair . 
  this map is destined to live in infamy here . 
  have you got any proof for `` black 's benefitting from apartheid '' , because i think that 's highly unlikely . 
  i do n't doubt a lot of people did benefit from apartheid , but certainly not the black majority . 
  again it 's not `` blacks '' , it 's unqualified blacks who are n't properly trained as engineers . 
  you would have the same result if uneducated white people were put in charge . 
  i do n't dispute the policy is stupid , but blame it on the government , not the majority races of sa . 
  how do you balance your love of cultural marxism with your theist agenda ? 
  oh wait i know . 
  are you jewish by any chance ? 
  as the poster above said , it 's far better to keep a nuanced view of things . 
  she was flawed in many ways , especially if these allegations are true , but she fixed the unions that were paralyzing the country , and stood up for the falklands . 
  she at least deserves some credit for doing that . 
  of course , these actions are indefensible . 
  the questions is however , how many other governments turned a blind eye to this . 
  i 'm sure under the previous labour government it was happening as well . 
  the eu has very generous laws for migrants though . 
  so long as they ca n't prove where you 're from then legally , you 're allowed to stay within the eu . 
  that 's why so many of them destroy their passports . 
  there are thousands of migrants trying to cross into the uk from calais every day . 
  i think he 's listing what could potentially happen , not what is currently happening . 
  little saigon used to be alright but from googling there are some in riccarton road that are better . 
  for thai fusion , spice paragon is amazing.i 've been twice and i honestly ca n't rate it highly enough . 
  underrated post, 
  one thing that really surprised me about clarkson is that apparently he 's an eu federalist . 
  you would think he 'd be a ukip voter given his persona , but he 's not . 
  google.com ( and almost every other major western website ) is blocked in china . 
  you 're being very disingenuous in relation to the great firewall . 
  internet censorship in china is among the worst in the world, 
  as a white person , can i immigrate and be considered swedish then ? 
  my great great grandfather was swedish for added borkdentials . 
  i believe in human races ; i call them marathons . 
  \\  inserting kebabs, 
  \\  not inserting the kebab calendar, 
  mummy pls . 
  tfw not in it :(, 
  also who nz here , other than vinsanity ? 
  chch here , i knew about vin but did n't know the others . 
  demo , biscotti , orc and 2nz are all cool , i do n't really know the rest . 
  that 's just common courtesy . 
  i think it 's true in all anglo countries , at least it is in new zealand too . 
  i do . 
  but are you a kiwi as well ? 
  it usually goes with someone cutting them down . 
  you would probably gain a wider exposure releasing it on the android app store as well . 
  ouya 's user base has dropped a lot . 
  a lot of buzz over bees lately, 
  i want my mummy, 
  i demand a recount !!, 
  2/10 - missing the war on christmas and atheist professors . 
  i 'm glad we do n't have to bother deporting you, 
  well it is different . 
  we have a much closer cultural and historical tie to you than poland or bulgaria . 
  - living standards are much higher . 
  - the language is common, 
  - shared ancestry ( for the most part ), 
  - the legal system is near identical, 
  - all of us have welfare systems and subsidized/free healthcare, 
  up until you joined the eec in the 70s commonwealth ties were incredibly strong , with the uk always new zealand 's biggest export partner . 
  of course some restrictions would have to be in place like with our free movement treaty with australia , but if a scheme like this does go ahead , perhaps the ties we once had will become stronger again . 
  non eu migrants is a very broad category . 
  you 're including refugees as well as pakistani 's and other lower income groups throughout the commonwealth . 
  i do n't doubt the polish contribute a lot , they 're regarded as fantastic workers . 
  however the culture and environment they come from is still quite different . 
  integration with commonwealth dominion members would be easier . 
  it 's assumedly cheaper to accomodate them in shanghai , if he has a big enough appartment . 
  doubt it . 
  most vintage books do n't have torrents . 
  you 're forcing sexuality on puppets when it does n't even need to be present . 
  acknowledging that male friends can be roommates and friends is n't homophobia , honestly this just seems like wishful projection . 
  lgbt rights have made strides in recent years , let 's not trivialize them by applying sexuality to everything . 
  it seems most people think you 're the one in denial , judging by the vote count . 
  it does look much better with a full blue background, 
  unfortunately you need qualifications to get into hk . 
  that is a pretty nice meme to be fair, 
  hey op , where are you from ? 
  i 'm from nz and limes are ridiculously overpriced here and literally the same price in the supermarket as you put in your post . 
  lemons are much more affordable here too . 
  extremists on any side of the political spectrum are awful . 
  that 's because being a ukip voter is literally the same as being racist !, 
  source : uaf.org.uk, 
  honestly , down with this sort of thing . 
  the current `` two systems ' is slowly becoming one system already by now . 
  if you read any of the accounts of the joint declaration discussions , all the ccp wanted was sovereignty . 
  once they had overriding control over hong kong guaratneed , they were happy to agree to most british terms , because ultimately whatever was put in place could be removed over time . 
  we 're seeing this now with the quota of mainlanders increasing and the ever growing integration with the mainland , bringing corruption , nepotism and all the other worst aspects of modern china . 
  hong kong still has some autonomy but it 's going to continue to decline as long as the ccp are in power . 
  the british gave them sovereignty and so long as they have that , they can effectively do whatever they want with the place . 
  i think that beijing does and will continue to benefit from the financial independance hong kong offers and so the currency and other financial institutions will remain the same , but all other qualities of the city are going to be slowly eroded . 
  it was never going to be china conforming to hong kong 's standards , as some optimists during the joint declaration believed ; it was always going to be hong kong conforming to china . 
  `` incredible transformation '' lmbo .
