  i think the skill involved in creating a masterpiece like this is just incredible . 
  i actually saw one of his gallery pieces in the louvre . 
  hi thanks a lot for the advice . 
  it seems the trademark i want is being registered by a furniture company in the states . 
  i 'm actually living in new zealand and the name is n't trademarked in my country . 
  do you know what the legal status of this would be ? 
  or if it 's a . net or . com domain do you need to register the trademark in the states for it to be valid ? 
  i know you said you 're not a lawyer but i do n't know if you 've encountered this before ? 
  a gay killing workshop, 
  a slave owners plantation, 
  stuck in the fryer of a fast food outlet, 
  the reichstag circa 1940 !!!, 
  this is so le true . 
  nobody can come out as an atheist due to the oppression faced . 
  [ haha oh my sagan . 
  `` a priest came up with the big bang '' creationist museum , checkmate !!!!!, 
  what a brave soldier of reason op is ] ( / ooc ), 
  do n't worry op , you 've come home . 
  this is where reddits atheist army truly lies . 
  we get people from / r/atheism all the time wanting to show people the truth of how bigoted and stupid religious people really are , so we help the oppression of fundie downvotes by giving upvotes . 
  hey , hey do n't say that . 
  it 's a shame about the damage to the flag right ? 
  it 's not saying you 're pathetic for being weak or being . 
  it 's merely teaching humility . 
  the bible also teaches us that our faith can move mountains and that with believing nothing is incapable for us . 
  john 14:12 `` i tell you the truth , anyone who has faith in me will do what i have been doing . 
  he will do even greater things than these , because i am going to the father . '', 
  the verse is saying that we can acheive miracles , that we can do things on this earth as great as what jesus did and even more . 
  however it recognizes that we do it through believing in god , not by our own strength . 
  there 's no arrogance involved , no flaunting of muscles and no pretentiousness . 
  the great thing about christianity is that it 's accepting of the human condition . 
  we do n't come to jesus pretending that we are better than we are . 
  it recognizes that we all fall short of who we should be . 
  and it 's through recognizing that we are not as great as we think we might be , that we can do great things . 
  exactly . 
  the image is of a broken person , a flawed person . 
  who would call a cripple evil ? 
  kind of hilarious this got completely downvoted, 
  that 's an interesting idea . 
  however i have seen in threads where good comments were initially downvoted and then later upvoted when they were sitting at 0 or - something . 
  a limit on downvotes i think would be an interesting idea . 
  you could get a ` you 're doing this too much ' message like you do if submitting too many links , if you 're excessively downvoted, 
  we had veggietales in nz , but i think the sunday school teachers realized this was a bit too ridiculous . 
  as if their economy could n't get any better ... 
  thankfully i live in nz so i can live in ~ ~ new new zealand ~ ~ australia any time i like . 
  excecisin muh right to downvote !!!, 
  man i love norway . 
  beautiful light skinned women , weather 's not hot enough to get me sunburnt , delicious meaty dishes and best of all no churches . 
  uzbekistan is reasonably secular actually do to the soviet influence . 
  would you say the bullying you faced had any impact on your conversion to atheism ? 
  i 'm glad you 're not going through that anymore , regardless of how it affected you . 
  ^ this scientist gets it, 
  no irc channel = no scientists = no atheists = no future, 
  i paid $ 300 nz for a 3ds xl and i have a 5 inch phone . 
  despite what you might think , a lot of parents are n't going to buy their kids cell phones until their late pre teens or teenage years so will get them handhelds instead . 
  i bought a psp last gen and would happily buy a vita if it had some more good games . 
  the majority of games i play on my phone are on the gba emulator anyways . 
  there are no portable games out there comparable to aaa handheld titles like nintendo put out . 
  i also saw you can hack yours now to play psp isos, 
  on 3ds there are some great games, 
  mario 3d land is the best but kingdom hearts ddd , kid icarus , paper mario , zelda 3d are all great as well . 
  just hack it . 
  i saw recently there 's an exploit to play old psp games and emulators on it . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhgvpk-dp0m here 's a video of guy that hacked his to play birth by sleep . 
  if i ever buy one i 'm doing the same , unless a legitimate vita hack comes out . 
  despite their name christian science monitor has a long history of impariality . 
  they 've published articles critical of the christian faith before as they are kept seperate from the church that owns them . 
  no food on any singapore mrts as i found out recently, 
  you can tell he 's the popular one by nobody laughing at his joke . 
  how oblivious can you be ? 
  sorry how ** in ** bliviolas can you be, 
  i might be a bit late for this but i wanted to say i really enjoyed your first video . 
  the bit about the mainland aplogist grandma was really hilarious . 
  my question is is the stand up scene all in english or are there cantonese stand up acts as well ? 
  also what are your thoughts on the decline of english useage in hong kong and introduction of mandarin in the curriculum post handover ? 
  the only problem with this lovely little loophole is that you need to actually be sincere about it . 
  if you accept and do n't mean it , that 's not acceptance that 's just a lie . 
  not hundreds but plenty of them . 
  how many kosco 's have we got again ? 
  quite a few . 
  there 's the indian supermarket in sydenham and the one by south city as well . 
  i think apple 's the main reason why flac is n't more popular . 
  if it had support on ios devices more people would be using it and they might start selling it on itunes . 
  when a poem is atheist it 's no longer the `` arts '' it 's stem, 
  if you like it , just unsubscribe ... oh wait do n't , i need to insult your religion !!!, 
  #### hitler was christian ? 
  #### hitler was christian !, 
  good sir i love your use of logic good sir , but i have a question about the chart . 
  how many science units are we talking about for the xtian hole ? 
  300 sciences ? 
  600 sciences ? 
  i 'm just wondering so i can be clearer as i 'm nowhere near as enlightened as yourself . 
  on ps1 i had a demo disc compilation , where i must have played the games at least 30 times on there, 
  metal gear solid - played at least 15 times, 
  tombi/tomba - probably 20 times or so, 
  ghost in the shell - 20ish times, 
  kula world/roll away - amazing puzzle game . 
  no idea how many times, 
  gran turismo - probably 15 times, 
  i have fond memories of the ps1 especially after we got a mod chip and my brother came back from thailand with like 100 games .
