  lets also build that atheist temple in london while we 're at it . 
  this is negro_napoleon 's copypasta . 
  he repeats it whenever someone says something good about religious people on the board adn proceeds to shower himself in upvotes . 
  i think ` strong then kill ' is equally le brave, 
  kingdom hearts is coming out in two weeks , get that when it releases . 
  mario 3d land , dead or alive , mario kart are all musts as well . 
  my picks ? 
  mario 3d land, 
  mario kart 7, 
  ocarina of time 3d, 
  kid icarus, 
  resident evil revelations, 
  pullblox ( download ), 
  theatrhtyhm final fantasy, 
  dead or alive dimensions, 
  kingdom hearts ( in 2 weeks ), 
  shantae riskys revenge ( download ), 
  street fighter , mgs3 + starfox are all good if you have n't played the originals, 
  i 'm aware , it 's such a fantastic game . 
  i would have bought it even if it was a retail release, 
  the android sub is really active and has more members . 
  also the whole pro open source nature reddit has . 
  it was a lovely gesture and to see these two well meaning people get publicly spat on is dsigusting . 
  do they know how hard it is to build infrastructure or how much money it costs for medical supplies ? 
  seems like people just want to be bitter for no reason . 
  that 's one guys experience , others having near death have reported seeing lights and other phenomenon . 
  ultimately we will never know so to say we do is just ignorant . 
  haha fucking magic underwear so delusional , brb wearing my pasta strainer on my head !, 
  he was n't proving a negative , he was making a positive claim . 
  `` there is no such thing as a god , a heaven , or a hell '', 
  he ca n't assert his claim with any evidence as god is unprovable . 
  the fact is we 're all ignorant of life after death as it 's the one secret we will never know , our mortality does n't permit it . 
  it 's fine to believe there 's a heaven or not , but to make a definite claim when we 're all equally ignorant about it is foolish . 
  let 's be fair , britain does have a problem with it 's islamic communities . 
  there are shariah courts set up at home convicting women of `` crimes '' that are n't illegal under rule of law like adultery and groups campaigning to set up a shariah state . 
  one of the reasons they restricted the flow of immigration was precisely for these reasons , because they had radical muslim communites springing up . 
  however i disagree that it 's all fucking religions problem like / r/atheism and is a problem with how they assimilate into society . 
  you ca n't restrict the flow of muslims , that would be religious profiling and would understandably be illegal . 
  shariah courts are illegal but they still are practiced as it 's an issue of assimilation . 
  you 're not blanket banning people , they still have immigration , they just restricted it . 
  as i said , one of the reasons was that many muslims who did n't know the societal customs or chose to ignore them , tried to continue outdated customs that were permissable in their former countries . 
  honor killing , shariah courts and other practices should n't and can not be tolerated in a western democracy , but these things were n't taught to them . 
  immigrants , due to a lack of proper integration were left to form their own communties where these practices could go on behind closed doors . 
  other ( more important ) reasons why immigration was restricted included the pressure on the economy , the recession , housing market , unemployment ... the country could n't handle the same flow of immigration they had in the early 2000s . 
  it 's not xenophobia to restrict immigration when your country and economy ca n't handle it . 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't even understand your rant . 
  have you even been to britain before ? 
  it 's hardly a miniscule quota that are allowed in . 
  what i really do n't understand is your ranting . 
  nobody is denied welfare in britain , every immigrant gets free healthcare via the nhs . 
  many immigrants and native english ca n't even get jobs which is why they restricted the flow of immigration . 
  not because of racial or religious profiling but because the country could n't handle it . 
  nobody is trying to convert anyone to any religion . 
  excellent shariah law is an oxymoron . 
  this is a legislature devised in the 7th century that represses women , denies freedom of speech and is at odds with almost every modern law in existance . 
  everyone would be eating mud if all floodgates are opened . 
  do you think it would be humane for a country that barely copes with 60 million people to throw in another 60 million people . 
  that way not only do immigrants get shit conditions but everyone gets shit conditions . 
  there would n't be enough food , the infrastructure would fall apart and the nation could n't cope . 
  probably a missprint . 
  both are psp exclusive and patapon is made by a sony studio so no chance sorry . 
  minties, 
  pineapple lumps, 
  jet planes, 
  whitakkers kiwifruit chocolate, 
  the command and conquer decades pack , which included all command and conquer games up to generals only worked on xp . 
  there was a non official patch that made the game work with vista + 7 systems and improved stability . 
  i really hope the vita library picks up but it 's not looking good at the moment . 
  i love my psp but even though it lost to the ds , even it had a bigger library by this point in its lifecycle . 
  i bought a 3ds recently simply because it was cheap and the system has games worth playing . 
  look in the chocolate isle in your supermarket . 
  it 's little chewy kiwifruit bits in chocolate, 
  haha enjoy then, 
  brb , just on vacation working building wells and being literally hitler, 
  hi another alt account popping in . 
  wondering if you might be a nukethepope alt considering how brave you are . 
  second worst was `` strong then kill '' a story of breaking out of a fundie indoctrination camp . 
  my vote as well, 
  good, 
  hopefully they came to christchurch . 
  we 're just starting to get the international acts back now, 
  bloody immigrants !, 
  taking all our jobs !, 
  i hear you higgy , dump that dick now !, 
  he 'll literally indoctrinate you with his fundie ways . 
  i 'm a little confused op . 
  a phd in astrophysics = phd in atheism but a phd in theology = literally hitler . 
  unfortunately you seem to have made the mistake that / r/atheism posters often make , that when someone argues against their board and their posts that they are automatically against what they stand for . 
  most of us on this board are liberal but we recognize that extreme liberal views ( such as reddits love of eugenics ) and cirlejerking can be as bad and annoying as extreme right wing views . 
  extreme anything is usually idiotic . 
  because historically it 's an idea thats been championed by hard line left wing activists and why le reddit has a hard on for the concept . 
  here 's an article on its history with socialism, 
  10 paragraphs and that stunning analysis . 
  when are you getting your phd in theology ? 
  also kingdom hearts 3 * d *, 
  this youtube video shows it running a ds game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6sf0iqnaea&amp;feature=related, 
  what do you do for a job ? 
  if you have a specialized job or a skill that the country 's short of it should be easy to get residency and after 5 years apply for citizenship . 
  if you 're not skilled i imagine it will be much harder, 
  yeah i think i 'll be getting one as well,
