  simple thai green curry from paste, 
  complex boeuff bourgnon probably . 
  i do n't do much that takes over an hours cooking time, 
  you use sausages for a 3 day casserole ? 
  my mum makes a killer red lentil soup with chorizo . 
  it 's a great contrast to the lentils and chicken stock, 
  oh i 'm sorry i thought you were using per cooked ones . 
  sounds very complicated indeed, 
  you 've been dealt a horrible hand . 
  i do n't think any religious person would blame you for leaving . 
  ## fuck religion . 
  flame the bundle . 
  let us praise carl jones , a true martyr for science . 
  no most republicans do n't get what they want from what i 've read . 
  they want small government and less spending yet they do n't get those no matter what president they vote for . 
  i 'm not even american, 
  1 the copypaste in this post is linked for informational purposes only . 
  the aforementioned copypaste should not be construed as an attempt to engage in vote manipulation or the harassment of an individual reddit admin . 
  by upvoting this copypaste , you agree that you will not engage in vote manipulation of any kind and will use the link in accordance with 420 of the reddit copypaste agreement . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  manwithoutmodem is regarded as one of the best mods on the site , the rules he 's been enacting on aa have actually improved the sub . 
  24601g sounds like he just got his ego hurt by not being the first one to deliver the news, 
  24601g sounds a bit like the situation with / u/skeen . 
  he barely was active until recently , decided to come back and wants to get credit for all the work another mod did . 
  whatever decision you take know that you 're still gods child . 
  he loves you , he cares for you and he knows the pain you 're going through . 
  as many other people have echoed in the thread i would suggest meeting with jeff and talking things over . 
  it is my belief that there is nothing inherently wrong with committed homosexual relationships . 
  find a church that supports you and stop denying your sexuality . 
  i 'll be praying for you sister . 
  i hope for the best between you and your friend . 
  everything i 've heard about it makes it sound like it was non consentual/spousal rape which made it sound worse than it is . 
  i do n't think i 've seen that site ever downvoted on reddit . 
  relevant xkcd ( even when it barely is ) = give me upvotes, 
  i 'd say all of those were above average . 
  kingdom hearts especially . 
  i 'm playing through ff7 now on ps3 and i do n't find it too bad . 
  i have a rule that i 'll play two battles and then skip the third . 
  i do n't even that much time to play games but you can run through areas and follow the main story pretty easily without spending tons of time on the game . 
  you 're able to do it . 
  you could go visit a prostitute if you really were that desperate . 
  the point he was making is that we as a society value sex far more than we should . 
  for the ultra religious sex is taboo and illicit which is n't good but for the mainstream sex is worshipped , which is just as bad . 
  sex is the ultimate goal , sex becomes a badge to have , a status symbol . 
  just look at the label `` virgin '' , sex becomes something that defines you , when it really should n't . 
  that was the worse part . 
  drug use and murder being sold to our children !, 
  have a look at / v/s video game wiki . 
  i loved bioshock infinite , assassin 's creed 2 , just cause 2 and would recommend the jak hd collection for action adventure games and the mass effect trilogy . 
  if you have n't played them , the elder scrolls and fallout games are huge open world games worth playing . 
  stfu fundie concern troll . 
  if you do n't take it literally you might as well throw it all out !, 
  americans are upvoting everything in their power to protest the nsa !, 
  i thought we were going for war crimes first . 
  which one should i start a petition for ? 
  i 'm going to marry a monkey !, 
  how 's that sound obama ? 
  you brought this upon our nation , now we 've no choice but to enact these sinful unions between oranges and my poodle !, 
  i was looking at pictures of straight white atheists getting hosed down in amerikka !, 
  [ meta ] i checked out the board that must not be named today too ... 
  i think this is pretty low hanging fruit , but it was one of the cringiest ones i ever saw . 
  conservative = biblical , libruls = hell bound, 
  yeah , it sounded like it was straight out of sidehugs, 
  `` i heard you guys use classes . 
  use the pop class ! '', 
  oh man , that site . 
  i 'd like to do some freelance jobs when i get a bit better for practice , but it 's ridiculous how low some of the indians go . 
  i 'm convinced they never actually deliver anything functional . 
  meant to be `` doing the work '' , but came out as `` doing the girls ? '', 
  my french is rubbish as well ... 
  no , find an obsure medical site and put it in an iframe !, 
  email within the next 24 hours and sanjay will also do some basic 10 minute seo on google analytics for $ 200 ... 
  `` i found this adobe muse thing ... and uh , well it says i can make the website without knowing the code !, 
  you guys are going to be taken over by robots soon anyways . . '', 
  yeah , i do n't think it 's a gimmick in the xbox ones case . 
  the ps eye/move etc is definitely a gimmick but an entire motion/body sensor can be a lot more useful . 
  being able to shout commands at your entertainment box and for it to follow your every instruction is pretty appealing , it 's like voice talk for cell phones . 
  but what if it was your church ( a minority one ) that was deemed heretical and denounced by the new christian state ? 
  would you support it then , or only a state who 's church was your specific denomination ? 
  biggest true christian persecution complex thread i 've seen in a while . 
  yes you 're literally a martyr for your faith in a country where there 's complete freedom of religious belief ... 
  to be fair the word `` semite '' is technically about the linguistic groups , it 's just that nobody uses the word that way . 
  it 's one of their most pretentious songs though , the lyrics are just crap . 
  musically it 's good but the lyrics are just awful, 
  what ? 
  hardly the worst bowie has done, 
  look at some other young adult fiction series , perhaps . 
  i enjoyed the alex rider books and horowitz 's other works , they 're easy to read and very engaging . 
  personally i agree that a lot of books can be dull and feel like a chore but it 's far from the majority . 
  there 's so many hundreds of thousands of books written that you 'll find something that does engage and excite you like harry potter did . 
  lion king 2 was good , they released it in the theatres in nz back in the day . 
  it also had a pretty decent soundtrack `` he lives in you '' and `` we are one '' are both good songs . 
  it 's only an hour long , so watch it !, 
  i would watch a documentary about this condition, 
  and here is the afformentioned 12 year old atheist, 
  use your iphone/ipad as a remote/controller for games . 
  i agree , they should do something with it . 
  it would be nice if open street map came up with something like this . 
  i 'd feel much better doing it if it was going to a non profit , instead of a company wanting to mine the data/images i supplied . 
   chrono cross,
