  most european countries had them at one time or another . 
  both groups have quite unorthodox christian beliefs . 
  i was friends with a christadelphian at high school , and two of the major ones are anti trinitarianism , and the non existence of satan . 
  well , for the spectators ... 
  `` the shame of the colony '', 
  `` the great treason '', 
  so glad we never kicked up a hissy fit . 
  god save the queen !, 
  not when it comes to military achievements . 
  russia as the sucessor state are not going to forget their victory in ww2 , it 's one of their biggest accomplishments . 
  our governments , who make the laws of the land . 
  this is n't particularly difficult to understand , the same criteria applies in every other country on earth . 
  hamas is recognized as a terrorist group by multiple western governments . 
  israel is recognized as a terrorist group by a few university students . 
  i 'm just stating facts , whatever side you fall on the argument , israel is n't a terrorist group by virtue of it being a sovereign nation . 
  you do n't have to be a terrorist to commit human rights abuses , but it 's laughable to call them terrorists . 
  you realize when talking about this matter , that there are effectively two palestine 's . 
  the plo that is in charge of the majority of the area called palestine - the west bank - is not firing rockets into israel and is not recognized as a terrorist organization . 
  hamas , who are in charge of the gaza strip , have not been subtle about annihilating the israeli state , through rocket fire and suicide bombings . 
  life for the average citizen in the gaza strip is appalling , but it is as much the fault of hamas 's actions as it is of the israeli blockade . 
  one follows the other - the israeli 's lifted the blockade years ago and were met with rocket fire . 
  when talking `` palestine '' , very few people have an issue with the plo , who are the legitimate government . 
  people rightly have an issue with a terrorist organization running a territory , which is what happens in gaza . 
  reddit likes to take the contrary opinion to the majority , even if the majority opinion is the sane one . 
  i would too , since i 'm learning poortuguese . 
  thank you , that 's exactly it . 
  downvoted for answering the question . 
  also ed just gives off the creepy vibes by his gaffes . 
  boris is too bumbling to come across as creepy . 
  oh but muslim extremists do ? 
  i wonder why in particular you 're holding a double standard there . 
  i know correlation does n't equal causation , but that 's a lot of corollaries, 
  there 's no clear cut limit as to how is `` too many '' , no magical number . 
  increase the annual total by 10,000 and it would n't make much of a difference . 
  increase it to 100,000 and problems would arise much more quickly . 
  integrating people , whether they 're skilled or unskilled takes time , especially if there are large cultural differences . 
  nobody is sterilizing anybody . 
  of course the native population of the us will continue to grow , but if we are to account for millions more american born citizens in the coming years , then immigration is going to need to be examined even more closesly . 
  as a skilled worker , i would love to come to the us and get a job in the tech sector , but i know how difficult it is under the greencard system . 
  i 'm not going to cry racism for enforcing your own laws . 
  i know , but regardless of whether someone is unskilled or skilled , it takes time to integrate them . 
  generally skilled workers integrate easier , but a it professional from egypt will probably take longer than a unskilled person from canada , because of the cultural and linguistic similarities . 
  and a fundie too . 
  but religious texts are equally condemning of sexually active non marital couples as well . 
  there are far more verses condemning adultery and other sins over homosexuality . 
  the whole point is that according to religious texts , not following their religion is living against god 's will . 
  it 's not unfairly targetting homosexuals in that regard , because everyone who is n't a christian is going against gods will and plan for their lives . 
  the bible as far as i 'm aware only forbids homosexual intercourse . 
  it says nothing about a person 's sexual identity being a sin . 
  not sure about the qur ` an or other religious texts , but that 's why there are celibate gay christian leaders , and why the pope made similar comments on gay people last year . 
  yes , but it 's not unreasonable for him to say it , so long as he confines his personal beliefs from his practical politics . 
  `` sin '' is a specifically religious terminology . 
  of course it has no weight to an atheist , but neither does god or any other religious concept . 
  also , the burden of proof does n't have the starting point of a deity 's non existance . 
  the argument entails that religious people have to prove god 's existence ( those who are making the claim ) . 
  assuming god does not exist is not the logical starting position . 
  the logical position is being uncertain of his existence . 
  this is very different from saying with certainty that a deity does n't exist , that 's a complete non sequitur . 
  yes there is , it 's just she 's the queen of england , wales , northern ireland , scotland and all of the commonwealth as well . 
  if you want to be even more inclusive you could say she 's not queen of the united kingdom , but queen of the british commonwealth , but it 's just being pedantic . 
  in reality she 's both , as she is both queen of england and queen of the united kingdom ( containing england ) , as well as all the other realms across the commonwealth . 
  your argument could hold some merit if it 's redditors mistaking the uk with england , but to say she 's not the queen of england is n't true - she rules far beyond england 's shores , but she also rules england . 
  also batman has the fan appeal as well, 
  very strongly disagree . 
  the wii u is the only console that really caters to local gameplay . 
  i like playing a video game when i have friends around , and with the wii u i can play smash bros , mario kart , any of the mario platformers and other party games with local multiplayer . 
  i agree they 're stuck in the past , but there 's a lot of reasons why they 're popular that do n't just equate to nostalgia . 
  where does one draw the line though ? 
  is an anti immigration rally inherently racist ? 
  what about a pro israel rally , since some have accused the state of apartheid ? 
  the problem with restricting freedom of assembly , is that it 's been used to stifle people with political viewpoints in the past . 
  in south africa , those fighting for free . 
  likewise both left and right leaning political groups have been banned from assembling in many different countries . 
  i 've always been more of a fan of letting them air their disgusting dirty laundry , and letting them realize they do n't have the influence they thought they did . 
  if you want a good plot , ` welcome to the nhk ' is very good . 
  gave you an upanime bb, 
  is it really ? 
  i would say new york would be a better example , since it 's the largest city . 
  sorry - from a private shitposting group on facebook , hence the lack of linkage . 
  `` wiff waffing the migrants away '', 
  he never was objecting to this though . 
  in fact his point was that people getting crushed to death in the chunnel were migrants , so they are suffering because of the crisis as well . 
  your argument was whether the word swarm dehumanizes them , do n't try to shift the goalposts . 
  i 'm a new zealand citizen and that 's rubbish . 
  the customs authorities are nowhere near as bad as the us , but we have similar security measures to most western countries post 9/11 . 
  you go through a metal detector the same time your hand luggage is scanned . 
  in fact there was a furore recently when a government minister did n't follow correct security proceedings . 
  edit : i see you 've clarified your statement . 
  true perhaps in the smaller airports ( i would n't know , i 've only been to the big three ) , but out of all three major and international airports you need to go through a metal detector . 
  playing from new zealand and have n't had any issues . 
  mostly play mario kart , smash and black ops 2 . 
  nope . 
  london is 45 % white british, 
  sorry , my mistake . 
  i assumed it was using older census data, 
  yes but we do n't have to function like them , unlike all other animal species . 
  that 's his point , that we have the ability to reason . 
  please be respectful of our new customs . 
  insipid works fine in his context . 
  he 's saying the criticism is empty and unoriginal - which is true , because most of the criticism seems to be the same opinions parroted about in every thread .
