  if i had n't bought a retail copy of riddick for $ 10 i definitely would be buying it here . 
  you get 2 aaa games guys , it 's definitely worth it . 
  i 'm pretty happy with the commando 's , serious sam and broken sword triple packs for a grand total of $ 10.23 !, 
  when is it ? 
  have they set a date ? 
  buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit , buggy shit ,, 
  do n't see obama saying this, 
  if you look at his positions at first glance , like abolishing the department of education you might think what the hell ? 
  but if you look at the reasoning behind some of his position it all starts to make sense . 
  paul wants far more power delegated to the state level , so local laws are more relevant to each state . 
  his position on evolution does n't make sense but again he 's letting each state decide what to teach . 
  he wants the government out of each persons life , an abolition of the patriot act and liberties restored to pre 9/11 or even greater . 
  considering how he 's never swayed from his statements unlike obama i believe he is a much better candidate , and financially he 's the most sound politician in history . 
  1 trillion dollars of debt removed in the first year ? 
  sound crazy ? 
  paul has drafted a budget for the first year , and everything is accounted for . 
  no more wars , no more government interference , no more debt . 
  do n't blind yourself becuase he 's not a christian , obama and the rest of the house are too . 
  biology is n't the worlds most important subject you know . 
  do you think creationism has any effect on engineering , english , mathematics , law , economics ... any other subject ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  evolution should be taught , but so many atheists over emphasize how important it is . 
  i was referred from a friend , looked at their policies and agreed with them . 
  the founder gave a million of his own money to start the thing up , as well as other businessman and churches giving donations as well . 
  yes your right , they have nothing to do with how other humans came to be , this is for science to discover . 
  however to claim that college professors will die due to creationists being unaware of how evolution works makes it seems like the sciences are all you learn at university . 
  the majority of people are not studying science , so it will not have an effect on them . 
  none of the nz conservative policies are anything like conservatism in the us . 
  do your homework before you judge people . 
  that 's terrible , and it 's so true . 
  most of the people leaving do n't hate new zealand , their friends and family are all here . 
  they 're leaving due to the lack of oppurtunities . 
  the one 's that complain about new zealand and never really leave , are the worst though . 
  to rub a dick , first you must create the universe, 
  it 's pretty catchy, 
  you 're in it pal , you 're a superatheist, 
  not really , so long as you believe god had a part in the evolutionary process - more specifically the creation of a conscience - something that no other species has . 
  most of the bible is not an analogy , only really the garden of eden story . 
  when you understand that adam means ` man ' or ` person ' then you wonder why it ever was taken literally . 
  i believe the story shows us how the human race drew away from god over time , and left eden ( perfection with god ) due to sin . 
  fuck you , it 's an atheist holiday !, 
  it seemz ur moking ma noodly religin with ur jesus ( fsm - google it ), 
  well it did n't work when i did it with the power cable in , so i 'm just going by what i know . 
  more like feet of broken promises ... 
  they actually have a local parts guide on the sub , that you can find parts by country, 
  let 's not forget this is good for the conservative vote . 
  if you handed these out in the southern states , it might get more votes in the primaries, 
  thank you ron paul for saving my life !, 
  the psp represents the struggling man of the gaming world . 
  christ extends his hand to the struggling man . 
  to ` win ' a free psp , is to win the compassion of the homeless , the orphans , the lowly . 
  what has never been proven is not a fact . 
  mods are fags, 
  regret is n't knowing the difference between good and evil , regret is an emotion . 
  i would n't doubt monkeys have feelings , they can feel pain and sadness as well i 'm sure . 
  but i see a conscience as an innate ability to know what is right and what is wrong . 
  with the timothy verse it refers to prophecy . 
  as far as i 'm aware , no christian would refer to genesis as a prophecy . 
  jeremiah was a prophet , ` adam ' was not . 
  so you see it 's not unbiblical to call the story as analogy , as that 's what i do believe the original intention of the story was . 
  i do n't believe in talking snakes , but i guess you can assume all you want . 
  why do you hate our freedom ? 
  as a christian living in christchurch , i can say that new zealand is n't very christian . 
  there are plenty of churches to be found , but the majority is definitely agnostic, 
  there are more people that believe in this ` fairy tale ' worldwide than there are atheists . 
  i 've found it easy to reconcile my faith with evolution and the big bang , as have many other christians . 
  if you really want to see atheism grow , you might want to be less of an asshole about it . 
  oh , so many are good !, 
  i like the traditional and the modern . 
  we 3 kings , silent night , rockin around the christmas tree , oh christmas tree , we wish you a merry christmas , when a child is born , step into christmas . . so many !, 
  he got burnt at the stake you fucking fundie !, 
  tearz , tearz everywh3re !, 
  stop taking the soul out of solstice !, 
  yes , i practice tai x. 
  it 's also known as greek shadowboxing, 
  sista waz havin s #x with hur brotha . 
  askz ` do u luvz me 4eva ? ', 
  brotha stppd thrustan n sayd ` no ! ', 
  sista strted cryin on brothz cok . 
  trz nd cum gt so hueg she dyd !, 
  lik dis if u cry everytim !, 
  but ... horses guys !, 
  look at my horse !, 
  look at it !!, 
  i guess it 's copyright reasons that it has n't started yet then ? 
  are you sure it was a woman ? 
  did you ask her about laundry and cooking ? 
  i commented < -- see !, 
  thank you , i 'll try it out, 
  stupid butthurt fundie lol [ fixed ] [ sagan ], 
  * mental disorder ftfy !!!!, 
  i wrote a rage comic about you stupid fundies . 
  have you read your bible ? 
  i have n't but i 'm going to pretend i know more about it than you do , thanks to google . 
  just cause 2 . 
  blowing up endless crap on a tropical paradise sound pretty good to me, 
  i 'm impressed with your rage comic , however i will subtly hint that mine is far superior . 
  someday i will complete my 100 panel rage masterpiece . 
  it will detail how i proved god did n't exist with science !, 
  until then we can only dream the billions of innocent atheists will not be brainwashed by the terrible lies !,
