  my biggest criticism is the lack of multiplayer news . 
  no online confirmed and even the co-op has n't been revealed . 
  the feature is useless though , because of the pathetic range on the gamepad . 
  if it had been 30 or even 20 metres it might have made a difference . 
  but when you have to be in the same room , then what 's the point ? 
  you have a immobile gaming console with a screen built in . 
  how small is your apartment ? 
  our dining room is next to our lounge where the wii u is , but i ca n't even leave the room without a message popping up saying the gamepad is out of range . 
  land of the long white cloud is the only one there i like, 
  was getting chosen part of your plan ? 
  [ here 's a quick visual reference ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/content/dam/images/1/6/a/k/u/9/image.related.stufflandscapesixteenbynine.620x349.16am11.png/1439333688396.jpg ), 
  i only ever got my license after leaving high school . 
  there really is no need to have a car when you 're a school student . 
  if this was an issue over a university having a lack of spaces then it would be more understandable, 
  they 're talking about gay marriage , not homosexuality . 
  it 's not twisting the facts , it 's the context of who you were replying to . 
  there was no gay marriage in the roman empire . 
  there were homoesexual relationships , but there was no marriage . 
  oh that 's really interesting . 
  have you got a link about it ? 
  yes , and as noted by your link , they were not legally recognized . 
  it 's similar to saying there is gay marriage in australia or germany - sure , some couples have conducted wedding vows , but they have no legal recognition because marriage as a concept hinges on the union having legality . 
  oh , the person who acknowledges the actual facts is a looney ? 
  as opposed to a white woman ? 
  sorry , the british public will judge you based on your policies and not whatever rung of the oppression ladder you find yourself on . 
  haiti 's economic woes are more due to decades of dictatorship and corruption . 
  jamaica i 'm not sure . 
  likely poor management and corruption . 
  however cuba was much better economically than all of those countries before their revolution . 
  it 's not suprising that people attribute its decline to a soviet system , because the isolation and economic woes have been caused by poor economic policies . 
  that 's not to say that the people of cuba have n't benefited from some of the social policies , but the economic conditions imposed by castro have caused them to stagnate for decades . 
  haiti 's dictatorship under doc was even more dictatorial and corrupt than castro 's regime , despite being `` capitalist '' . 
  it 's likely that jamaica would be worse of than it is now if they had adopted a marxist economy . 
  however i agree with your point and jamaica exemplifies it - a poor economy is dependent on so many factors . 
  even if the conceptual system itself is okay , with corruption , embezzlement and economic inequality capitalism can be just as poor a system . 
  fuck with it ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  lifting the trade embargo is `` fucking with it '' . 
  of course they want the system to at least reform like china did successfully . 
  otherwise why would they be establishing economic relations with the us ? 
  because both cultures are fairly similar . 
  american consumerism does n't demand one adheres to blasphemy laws of a 7th century religion . 
  yes , nobody would have a problem with temporary workers . 
  but they 're certainly the minority . 
  temporary workers are often skilled too , like my brother that came over to teach in the uk for a few years . 
  there 's a lot of new zealanders that come over to chase the money in london , then come back home and settle down . 
  but unfortunately i do n't believe afghani 's , libyans , eritreans or nigerians are going to be doing that . 
  and immigrants also grow old and will then require the same social services as the native population . 
  but do n't worry , we can get medical care for the ageing immigrants by importing more doctors from the third world !, 
  rinse and repeat . 
  i 'm sorry , is britain totally devoid of new ideas and talent ? 
  the same britain that has invented more than any other nation in the past three centuries . 
  the same britain that has contributed more to literature than any other nation . 
  do n't underestimate yourself . 
  i was under the impression the uk issued skills shortage visas quite readily , at least up until recently . 
  that was why there were so many indian and african nhs workers . 
  fascist pls go . 
  oh i agree . 
  i was just joking in my response . 
  the issue is one of cultural compatibility . 
  if you do n't believe in cultural relativism and that british customs and laws are superior to that of islamic societies , then it 's obvious that the two analogies are incomparable , because islamic culture is so far removed from british culture which is mostly influenced by centuries of secularism and christianity . 
  the british justice system is the very antithesis of islamic jurisprudence , because it places human equality and dignity over religious dogma . 
  if one is to believe in cultural relativism , then yes both cultures should be comparable , and american culture should be no less compatible than that of islamic societies . 
  comparing the two is n't a ridiculous attempt at mental gymanstics ( which those opposed to cultural relativism would argue ) , in fact it 's quite logical . 
  some elements of islamic societies do not cause clashes - cuisine and art from the muslim world generally assimilate and indeed do enrich the host culture . 
  however when it comes to the more significant issues of cultural norms , religion and indeed the very laws of the country , then there are issues with assimilation , and in some cases i would argue there is no grounds for compatibility between them . 
  are you just referring to abortion , or are there other laws there that are religiously influenced ? 
  not actually what he was arguing for . 
  it 's worth watching the video before downvoting . 
  or shi'a or anyone that was n't hardline sunni muslim . 
  america ( besides a small quantity of refugees ) attracted the best and brightest of the islamic world , as the immigration policy is so difficult . 
  this is n't the case for europe unfortunately , because it 's so close to the mena region, 
  no , there are real issues with racism in the world . 
  it may be overused sometimes , but there is still plenty of it and it should be rightfully called out . 
  the real non-word is `` islamaphobia '' . 
  because anyone who criticizes one religion is deemed to be afraid , insecure and a bigot . 
  there is no hinduphobia or buddhaphobia or christophobia . 
  only islamaphobia . 
  when violence against muslims occurs it occurs because of racism and xenophobia . 
  while the word `` islamphobia '' may encompass those terms , it also encompasses any criticism of their religious tenets , which should not be tolerated . 
  in america it may seem ridiculous , however everything in politics is relative . 
  in sweden you have the right wing parties staging gay pride parades , and the left wing protesting that it will hurt muslims feelings . 
  so to combat racism , you 're calling the bulk of new zealanders `` white trash '' ? 
  what is your fucking problem ? 
  ripapa island ( in lyttleton harbour ) has an interesting history as a prison . 
  my history class visited and did a project on it years ago . 
  a german naval commander , felix von luckner was imprisoned there for years during ww1 . 
  queen anne is also another pretty good christchurch chocolate company . 
  not if the ethnic population is the vast majority though , which is the case in most european and asian states . 
  sectarianism does n't exist if there 's only one sector of the population . 
   http://i47.photobucket.com/albums/f183/dionizio/alizee268.jpg, 
  thank you !, 
  yes , but regardless of their legality , they need to be combated . 
  the reason they occur is because the imams and members of the islamic community believe they are legitimate . 
  their motivation is n't that they 're doing them for fun . 
  they believe islamic law is supreme to the law of the crown . 
  there is something wrong when in the communities it occurs in , women are n't on equal footing with men . 
  if a woman is pressured against her will into adding another spouse into the relationship , then it should be rightfully derided . 
  i very much doubt there are many polyandranous marriages ( where it 's two men married to a single woman ) . 
  there are figures in the left that are speaking up , true .
