  i also suggest getting rid of the terms `` bride '' and `` groom '' and even `` marriage '' as they reinforce the religious history of the institution . 
  instead they should be replaced by `` scientist '' and `` cosmos '', 
  here are your new wedding vows, 
  `` secularly beloved , we have gathered here ( in the library ) to celebrate the cosmos of logic and reason ( i do n't know your names , but i 'm hoping they are n't fundie biblical ones like almost all of them ) . 
  these two scientists have sailed the seas of reason and will now join themselves together in the oceans of the cosmos '', 
  when this has been read out and all terms agreed to , the ceremony will close with, 
  `` you may now fellatiate the scientist '', 
  this will be the final godless act of the ceremony . 
  all cosmos guests will then form a circle and help each other fellatiate themselves . 
  this is how me and my scientist did it . 
  although it only lasted a month , it was a wonderful ceremony and i will have the memories for the rest of my life . 
  i 've added my two cents to the bravery http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/xo478/well_ratheism_im_getting_married_on_friday/c5ogc36, 
  selling it of course, 
  praise sagan , the science is alive within you . 
  we are one with the cosmos . 
  stay brave brother, 
  of course it 's not supernatural , we are atheists after all . 
  i do feel something almost transcendental looking at a hubble image of the galaxy for example , or pondering our place in the universe . 
  this is the science spirit that i 'm referring to . 
  however i think there still needs to be work to have a total reconcilliation between science and atheism . 
  the efforts of our subreddit have done well to make the two synonymous , but with the majority of the scientific community being atheist it should be more widely known that science is godless, 
  the science spirit is alive within you brave one . 
  as our prophet harris spoke `` religion is literally worse than rape '', 
  i agree however a `` science spirit '' is not pseudo religious at all . 
  when we refer to a sports teams spirit or a nation 's spirit , it essentially means their essence or what gives them inspiration . 
  although the term might have originated with religion , it is our duty as atheists to take back all that religion has taken from us . 
  i see no reason to adopt the term `` science spirit '' as something that truly inspires us to reach greater scientific heights . 
  this just makes me sad . 
  arguing with and making fun of homeless people , is this the atheist utopia that they want to create ? 
  `` religious people statistically give less support to gay marriage '', 
  what part of russia are you living in ? 
  dem soviets are back . 
  get crisis core and birth by sleep, 
  what i would recommend doing is buying cheap used copies of the umd 's and hacking your go so you can download isos . 
  not exactly legal , but you 're still paying for the games and they 're cheaper than the downloads . 
  you can also get emulators + ps1 games on there which you could n't do otherwise . 
  definitely get the xl . 
  the original ds had a fantastic game library for rpgs , and you can get flash carts for ds games/emulators on the 3ds . 
  theatrhythm is really good if you like final fantasy games . 
  atheism by definition is n't and should n't be , however / r/atheism and the `` fetishization of science '' as another post recently put it are really trying to make atheism into one . 
  upswedened so hard, 
  they should n't have shares at all , except perhaps in a food company or something for aid . 
  see if you can find some old textbooks from the 60s/catholic schools, 
  and then they 'll jerk about how they own the internet, 
  it 's not really necessary at all . 
  even with downloading all the demos and buying about 5-6 e shop games i 've got plenty of space on my 2 gig . 
  what you should investigate is getting a flashcart and putting emulators and ds games on , then you 'll need at least a 4 gig micro sd . 
  memes are literally enlightenment . 
  bow down to my godless image macro !!, 
  i am also a lesbian , childfree , aspergers atheist ( lcaa ) . 
  since we are clearly superior to everyone else in existence , do you want to make le sexy time . 
  i hope you realize that your analogy does n't work at all . 
  america is n't founded on christian laws and even though there is a religious influence in politics it 's nothing like the shariah mandated in saudi arabia, 
  odd = no god !, 
  why not logicparents , or reasonparents ? 
  have you got any science rosary 's as well ? 
  i think muhammed tubgirl and their 48 hour jihad against islam was pretty bad . 
  at least faces of atheism was entertaining . 
  you can be always start it, 
  praise sagan , he speaks the truth !, 
  the guy should just fucking join / r/atheism , he 's already got status as a saint of ** science ** there . 
  thank you moderators for the tireless effort you put into controlling this sub . 
  i 'm from a small town in the bible belt and without / r/magicskyfairy i would n't have had a voice of reason in my life . 
  adrift in a sea of ignorance , i would have drowned if not for the bastion of logic we call / r/magicskyfairy . 
  i 'm truly proud to be part of this sub and not one of the skytheist sheeple . 
  do n't worry fellow scientist , it 's really the fundie fascistocracy that runs reddit that 's stopping us becoming mods . 
  i 've been owning fundies on facebook for literally months now and i still have n't been contacted by the swedish embassy on reddit or made a mod of any of the atheist forums . 
  it 's so hard being an atheist in the suburbs , and when the oppression extends to the internet it 's almost too much to take . 
  however i cling to the words of the science masters ... 
  `` as one whom sagan comforts , so i will comfort you ; and you will be comforted on reddit '' - book of nye 66:13, 
  jij is literally hitler !, 
  we have a right to rage comics damnit !!, 
  all hail skeen , prophet of the unbelievers . 
  the bravest of the brave , we bathe in his logic . 
  anyone else want to start an atheist kickstarter with me . 
  i saw someone created a ` saints of science ' bracelet the other day , but i thought a fedora with some stupid quote or a t shirt might sell well . 
  if someone is making 60 grand from these pieces of shit do n't you think there 's money to be made ? 
  i wish jij had the power to remove skeen and the other idiots that hamper that board . 
  if they show up on the board a handful of times a year they do n't deserve to be mods . 
  some of the most upvoted comments are the usual `` oh every board is a circlejerk '' i know adviveanimals gets repetitive but it doesnt have articles written about their sexism to a 15 ? 
  year old girl , or one describing simply how awful they are . 
  adviceanimals havent doxxed other boards , or waged a virtual `` war '' against a religion , or posted smug quotes showing how brave they are . 
  the board simply cant handle criticism . 
  id like to say its because they are n't old enough , but really its a bunch of manchildren with persecution complexes . 
  they take legitimate criticism ( often by atheists ) and see it as a personal attack or that they `` hate atheism '' as one of the comments said, 
  i do n't think things will have changed much since the last survey . 
  i believe it was round 50/50 but slightly more atheists . 
  there are only ds emulators which can be used on ds flashcarts with firmware playable on the 3ds . 
  you can play snes , gba , gbc , nes , sega games on something like the supercard dstwo, 
  well mario galaxy + 3d land changed the formula a lot . 
  i think the main series has changed quite a lot with every title , but not so much for the spin offs, 
  if you like fighting games i 'd recommend dead or alive dimensions . 
  there 's a demo on the e shop and it has tons of content . 
  le bravery, 
  blue looks better than red , but i prefer gray overall, 
  i want majoras mask 3d . 
  that and an original zelda game . 
  go into a store and try one out ? 
  you should be ashamed you did n't mention our great prophet carl sagan . 
  clearly the science spirit is n't alive in you .
