  i was just pointing out your argument that russia will be forced to leave crimea because it has no land bridge is flawed . 
  i do agree that they 're exploiting the current situation to try and gain more territory though . 
  more can be found here http://multimedia.scmp.com/, 
  damn , really ? 
  we got one in christchurch last year and i 've been twice total . 
  they 're nothing amazing , though i still need to try burger fuel . 
  if we had a fergburger here i 'd be going all the time . 
  i do n't like kfc . 
  come at me bro . 
  taco bell is nothing special , you can get it in sydney anyways . 
  / r/nzcirclejerk reserves all rights to the `` gareth hughes official fanclub '' label, 
  while i 'm not voting green i definitely feel you have the best ict policy out of all the parties and are actually prepared to research the issues , unlike the major two parties . 
  i did a research assignment on the copyright amendment act and remember your speech in parliament which quoted actual research showing how unenforceable and badly worded the act was , rather than the usual scare tactics the other mps were using . 
  so i just wanted to thank you for the great work you do already in parliament . 
  i wish i could pick you as my local candidate . 
  i think their shakes are fantastic but their burgers are just average personally . 
  yeah i went to fergburger when i was in queenstown in april . 
  i thought it would mostly be hype like most attractions are but god almighty was it good.we went in at 3pm for a late lunch and there apparently would be an hours wait , so we ordered dinner in advance . 
  i had whatever the hawaiian sounding one was . 
  so we received scrap material lada 's for our biggest export . 
  it sounds like the soviet union got the better deal . 
  this is the stupidest post i 've read on this sub . 
  the ever desirable scottish male just needs to eat out a woman the night before the vote and then the vote will swing . 
  you should join salmond 's cabinet with that kind of wishful thinking . 
  taken from this guardian article http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/sep/11/scottish-independence-voting-intention-across-scotland-mapped, 
  fundies in sweden ; how disgraceful . 
  have you shopped in the states before ? 
  it 's meant to act as a deterrent , there 's no need to be scared unless you 're wearing a balaclava . 
  i do n't agree with arming stores with anything more than baseball bats , but i doubt people would stop shopping retail if shop owners were armed . 
  i 'm so proud . 
  upvote this post if you want to stand for my karma count . 
  what if i le told you, 
  that colin craig is totes dumb and smacking your kids is evil, 
  god bless new zealand, 
  do n't two degrees have carryover data ? 
  i 'm on a $ 19 pre pay plan but only ever use it for shazam , the odd internet search and navigation . 
  it 's a shame that data is so expensive though . 
  in sri lanka the government has been investing a lot in communications . 
  for nz $ 30 i got 6 gigs of monthly 3g data when i was staying there for a few weeks . 
  i could easily tether it to my laptop and use it as the main connection , there 's no chance of doing that in new zealand . 
  if you buy the oem version it 's cheap too not to mention the availability of student discounts and even free versions of windows through dreamspark if you 're a student . 
  i 'm just using win 8.1 that came with my laptop but i installed legit versions of server 2012 i got for free through dreamspark on vms . 
  i 've tried in home streaming running linux between a win 8 desktop and tablet . 
  for indie games it 's fine with virtually no lag . 
  for aaa games it 's still too slow . 
  message the mods and report posts you have any concerns rory . 
  commenting here wo n't do anything much , and it 's not surprising people have created accounts to comment on this . 
  is that pita as in the bread or as in the mp ? 
  please answer the question nikki , the people deserve to know . 
  is that like the third time he 's been in ilam this year ? 
  you are so brave insulting a fat mp anonymously . 
  the sas will be busting down your door any second . 
  i have only tested it with audiosurf and black ops . 
  black ops running on high settings was basically unplayable , probably 20 fps max . 
  audiosurf had minimal lag if at all and ran at full speed . 
  super meat boy would likely be similar since it 's not resource intensive . 
  it 's easy to test it out yourself though , just log onto steam on another computer and for any games installed you can easily click stream to play them . 
  scandinavia is n't actually all joined together , denmark is only connected via bridge not by land . 
  and your point about africa is ridiculous as you know , logistically , culturally and by almost all other metrics it 's a different case . 
  a better example would be cyprus . 
  the divisions between the separate state for turks and greeks cause more harm than good . 
  maybe because scotland would be drowning in debt due to its failed banks if westminster did n't bail them out . 
  he conveniently left that fact out in his tirade against the evils of westminsters role in the banking sector . 
  agreed . 
  we were the most reluctant british dominion to leave , only doing so in 1947 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statute_of_westminster_adoption_act_1947, 
  oh sorry i did n't see who you replied too . 
  entirely in agreement, 
  this is british problems not butthurt problems, 
  i 'm colonial scum but i know a grand total of two it students that bought textbooks . 
  they 're all so easy to torrent . 
  beer is n't that expensive . 
  $ 25-27 for a 12 pack on average , that 's just over $ 2 a bottle . 
  no chowchesqeau : showing or having similar traits to food . 
  e.g her name is apple ? 
  that 's so chowchesqeau !, 
  true craft beer is more expensive . 
  i mostly drink tiger , peroni or asahi and its all round that price . 
  its a chinese circlejerk sub, 
  the majority of planet earth is religious , citing populatiom figures doesnt really help your argument since most of the world is n't blowing each other up . 
  debt is debt . 
  when the eurozone countries began using the euro their debt didnt magically disappear . 
  as you 're keen to cite the un and internarional law you should be well aware that successor states inherit the responsibilities and finances of the former states . 
  scotland is no exception , you ca n't honestly believe the average scot or englishman thinks the debt will go away despite salmond 's claims to the contrary . 
  there 's still a crime rate and political problems . 
  when compared to your neighbours and considering your history you 're doing amazingly though . 
  balchy does n't live in christchurch . 
  following the process of elimination with the total pool of candidates being / r/nzcirclejerk participants , he 's confirmed as being / u/mamba _ 79 . 
  ( do n't worry this is scientific . 
  i 'm an atheist i should know ) . 
  downvoted for being a hypocrite and a troll . 
  he copied the lorde album style as his logo lol . 
  how dare you blaspheme . 
  our lord and saviors name is kim dotcom . 
  fuck you and the rest of / r/newzealand 's religious shills for marginalizing and censoring atheist identity . 
  you are everything wrong with this country . 
  we would have legalized weed years ago if it was n't for all you puritans in bed with the national party oppressing free thinkers . 
  so you 're saying his trench coat is n't fashionable enough for you ? 
  excuse me versace , they 're a practical and comfortable clothing choice for the ages ; just like cargo pants and jeggings . 
  further proof that winston will say anything to keep in the news . 
  looking at that map it seems like new zealand is the last country that needs be worried about us spying .
