  do n't forget returning the foreshore and seabed to crown hands, 
  til i could be a chef, 
  seriously ? 
  it 's always going to be the closest is n't it . 
  some pacific island places are n't too bad , and thailands probably reasonable cheap , but for flights aussie is cheapest, 
  do you have pesticide free penis ? 
  i only suck dick if it 's pesticide free . 
  do n't worry brave zondervanb , i hopped on your caboose !, 
  burmese neocostal is where i 'm at, 
  circlejerking about a circlejerk is what circlejerk circlejerks best . 
  tell them about god , that you believe in him but do n't give them the bible . 
  wait a few years until they 're older and read it together , carefully explaining why you should n't take it literally . 
  also tell them about other faiths and most of all let them decide for themselves what belief system they wish to live by . 
  there were quite a few hints at it `` i and the father are one '' . 
  john 10:30, 
  a battery tester is probably worth getting . 
  if you 've got loose batteries lying around , you can check to see if they have a charge or not . 
  talking bout some memes , nek minnit in a party poster . 
  i 'd vote for them then, 
  he 's practically a democrat , in fact he was under obama, 
  i can appreciate that , but i think personally that gay marraige is less of an issue than a failing economy . 
  it 's fine to be married , but if you ca n't support your family then it 's not going to be a happy marraige . 
  why is n't anybody talking about kirby and/or zelda and/or any other popular game that 's not skyrim !!, 
  i 'd have been opposed if it was some glorified uac windows defender combo , but it 's mse one of the best antiviruses out there . 
  i thought norton said they would sue if ms did this though, 
  is n't the point that god did n't create that , we did . 
  the world was perfect and we all messed it up . 
  genesis , anybody ? 
  sorry what ? 
  heard of a new covenant , all sins forgiven ? 
  sorry , by what logic are you throwing your little ultimatum out on ? 
  all sins are forgiven but it does n't mean that sin does n't exist , that 's ridiculous . 
  when i say ` we all messed up ' i mean humanity as a whole . 
  i do n't take a literal view of the garden of eden story , but see it as an analogy for how humanity slowly began to ruin a beautiful world . 
  colonial greed is a start for where africas problems began , blaming god for the worlds problems is like blaming the auto maker that your car crashed . 
  it 's actually because you 're a man . 
  this is the secret femenists do n't want you knowing . 
  go to www.misogynyblog for more info !, 
  dis is so emoshinal !!, 
  are you voting for ron paul or obama ? 
  one one point ... what 's that about wars paul ? 
  that was a nato war . 
  if the us went in alone we 'd be there till 2021, 
  yes , and if it laws were controlled at the state level then laws your state needs and wants would get passed much more often , instead of having to lobby congress . 
  anything that breached human rights would be dealt with federally, 
  paul is different to almost every other republican , so you 're bound to find plenty of people on stage arguing against him . 
  they 're all arguing because they wo n't to get the party nomination to run against obama . 
  it 's administered to the states . 
  he wants to get rid of it at the national level , so that states can choose laws that are more relevant to them , as long as they line up with the constitution and major federal law . 
  on your own - the verve . 
  more people need to listen to this song , it 's heartbreaking . 
  that 's because you do n't need to ` crack ' a pc . 
  there 's no effort required, 
  so long as you continue assassins creed ports ubisoft i do n't mind, 
  no , but in the case of the libya mission it was the europeans who were far more active in sending resources than the us was . 
  trauma looks amazing and i apparently own it . 
  must have been in one of the bundles, 
  so brave !, 
  it 's ok because our views are logical !, 
  the fact you need to make a statement out of it shows you 're insecure . 
  oh whoops wrong board ... so brave !, 
  or keep it ... it 's not his decision what a state does , which is precisely his point . 
  do you know if it 's a boy or a girl ? 
  i do n't know about toddler level , but if it 's a boy you have to read him the tintin books . 
  also i liked the mythology stories when i was a child . 
  the real classics of course are the fairy tales and fables . 
  oh dr suess as he gets older , as well as roald dahl, 
  it was real !!!, 
  i took a fundy religion class and showed everyone up !, 
  i did n't make this up to make me look good on the internet !!, 
  haha that 's cool . 
  it seems though that younger boys seem to be drawn to the adventure/action books while younger girls usually prefer the fairytale/romantic ones . 
  not always the case , but sadly i never found girls that were into tintin :(, 
  the same game ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  completely different storyline with new features every release . 
  they 're similar because they 're the same damn series of games . 
  freedom through angsty godlessness 2011 !!, 
  i had some real problems recently with my laptop turning off due to a faulty usb port . 
  whenever i put something in the port it turned off the machine and i could n't power it up . 
  if you take out the battery of your laptop , unplug the power cable and hold down the power button for 30 seconds , then put the power cable back in it works . 
  this often seems to work if your laptop is n't starting up . 
  gold has been a measure of value for 6000 years . 
  it 's what every currency was based on before the nixon shock and the fed . 
  a currency that has no intrinsic value is a real danger , and paul is right on that . 
  with a currency based on gold there would be far less money to print to finance the wars and spending the govt has been doing . 
  paul wants the currency based on gold as it was before the nixon shock . 
  he does n't want you to literally carry around gold . 
  but feel free to throw out your arguments without listening to the man . 
  the us could n't fund nam so they did what they 've been doing to fund the wars since , debase the currency . 
  bury 1000 dollars worth of paper money for 20 years , and bury 1000 dollars worth of gold . 
  i guarantuee the value of the paper money would have gone down , and the gold would have increased . 
  gold has consistently retained it 's value over millenia , which is why paper money was based on it for hundreds of years . 
  going to the school round the road tomorrow morning . 
  anybody else going conservative ? 
  honestly i 've heard this a lot , yet i really do n't understand why . 
  the austrian school advocates it , as do many other economists . 
  the government obviously does n't since they ca n't print endless amounts of unconstitutional money . 
  the money would have to be based on the amount of gold they have . 
  every western nations currency was based on gold before 1970 , i did n't see people complaining about how bad the gold standard was then .
