  [ deleted ], 
  you played portal too ? 
  i thought i was alone !!, 
  why do i always read `` faggot '' in glados ' voice ? 
  when the old testament was written our common perception of a unicorn was not around . 
  there 's no way the original writer was referring to a magical one horned creature , not placing the writing in it 's historical context is intellectually lazy . 
  they 're attacking him because he adopts a stance on the issue wherever it suits him . 
  he was `` for '' dealing with climate change in a video with nancy pelosi , and then called it `` the worst mistake of my life ' and was firmly against it ... when he was running for republican nomination !, 
  he 's against bailouts ... when speaking to the republicans , not when he mingles with the dems or receives his own bailout cheque . 
  the guy is a egotistical joke . 
  as real clear politics said `` gingrich is not a person with an ego . 
  he 's an ego with a person '', 
  i think it 's ultimately going to be romney vs paul . 
  huntsman is great , but paul has a much bigge support base, 
  i 'm glad you can agree with something ... 
  it 's a shame they do n't get the whole point of the analogy . 
  that killing someone for their ` sins ' is a stupid thing to do , as nobody else is ` sinless ' either . 
  punishment should n't come in any form where it takes a life, 
  start a web hosting business ? 
  i 'm doing a bachelors of it at cpit so could maybe help you set it up . 
  started playing it and love it !, 
  do you know when it 's coming to steam ? 
  easy to make ps3/ps2 ports . 
  proper camera rotation etc , though it 's not just the sticks that are getting people exciting, 
  this was actually directed to a wealthy ` follower ' of christ who valued his money far more than god . 
  however , the crux of it can be appreciated by christians and atheists alike , to not value your money over doing what is right . 
  but you just told me it was right . 
  how would i know if nobody ever told me it was right or wrong ? 
  screw those insulting you op . 
  r/atheism should be happy you 're giving to a charity they support instead of insulting you and your religion . 
  but no , of course they need to claim `` fuck jesus '' even though it 's your belief in him that is motivating you to give . 
  you got my upvote at least, 
  reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic , reason and logic ,, 
  0.04 yen already !, 
  keep it up guys and we can show those christians !, 
  i 'm personally donating my old yugioh card collection as well as a can of tomatoes to doctors without borders . 
  none, 
  pshh , at least googles not tracking me . 
  the ron paul family cookbook !, 
  exactly , they 'd just get shut down anyways . 
  no , actually any other republican nomination would be, 
  food can be pricey compared to the states . 
  make friends with asian students to find the cheapest places to eat out, 
  yeah , because christians love psychics ... 
  it 's sort of like water , ice and steam . 
  they 're essentially the same substance but in different forms . 
  that 's the trinity . 
  so yeah , in christian theology jesus/god/holy spirit are the same thing manifested in different forms . 
  josephus 's account was n't that long after christs death was it ? 
  he was n't a christian and had no real motive for selling a lie, 
  ron paul has stated he wo n't run third party . 
  and you can say `` straw polls are always meaningless '' but it gives a good opinion of each states voters opinion . 
  so to say it 's all meaningless when he has 5 times more wins seems ignorant to me . 
  i guarantee paul was against it , that 's for sure . 
  you can find a torrent on the pirate bay + other sites , that includes the emulator as well as the bios and plugins, 
  you call them denominations , and the vast majority of them do . 
  christadelphians are one of the few that do n't , jehovas witnesses ( basically a christian sect ) have a very different doctrine and also do n't . 
  when he audited the fed , he got ein $ tein to smack ben bernackie back to the gold standard . 
  this is an amazing video . 
  nobody could be any more consistent, 
  102th , sounds like ke $ ha with a lisp, 
  well the majority of the world is religious , and the majority of the world is poor to western standards . 
  when dealing with two majorities , it 's not surprising that they would go together . 
  the us is the obvious example of why this is n't always the case with a huge amount of professed christians . 
  likewise ireland , italy , israel all have majority religious populations . 
  no , but if they say they 're not interested and you continue then it is . 
  i think the majority here would agree , however you 're not doing anything to back up your claim . 
  he 's asking why it is n't valid , and you 're just saying it 's not valid . 
  why is it not ? 
  that no sufficient life has been found anywhere else perhaps ? 
  the shoe does n't seem to fit the islamic converts to christianity who risk their life for the faith , or christian converts to islam in america . 
  just because you 're born into a culture/religion does n't mean you will embrace it in the future . 
  you did say to everyone . 
  everyone seems to be an atheist round here . 
  it 's a relgion , however if you 're to group it as ` christian ' you would call it a christian sect/cult . 
  they follow the bible , and add in their own set of scripture detailing a prophet who found golden tablets in upstate new york , as well as a backstory of how the lost tribe of israel wound up in the americas . 
  the addition of a whole new set of scriptures that are n't accepted by any other christian church makes them different enough to be a new religion . 
  no , they 're not saying christians do n't do that , they 're saying christians should n't do that . 
  what the fuck ? 
  a christian by definition is a follower of christ . 
  the original church did n't have the bible as we have it today , were they not christians ? 
  if you recognize that the bible is the word of god , but is transcribed by man then yes , parts of the text are fallible , but the essential truth of the message remains . 
  it does n't matter if you do n't believe any of the old testament ( even though that is a highly unadvised position to take ) so long as you accept the divine christ died for your sins , and follow his teachings as best you can then you are still a christian . 
  because this is n't a perfect world where everything happens the way it should be , that should be clear from genesis . 
  i think actually knowing that there is nothing is far more reassuring than believing in what the bible teaches . 
  knowing that you are to do good and follow christs teachings to get into heaven or otherwise face ` hell ' ( hell could be destruction of the soul essentially becoming nothing , eternal punishment or isolation . . it 's not a universally defined concept ) is far scarier than nothing , because then this world is extremely significant in determining your eternal outcome . 
  believing that nothing happens after death seems far easier than me . 
  there 's no fear when nothing actually takes place . 
  sorry what ? 
  how do you get that he ca n't make up his mind ? 
  if you read genesis you 'd know that it is humanity that 's caused the suffering in the world , and a ` fall ' from its perfection by god . 
  god does n't stop us from following whatever path we choose . 
  he could , but then there would be no free will . 
  just a couple a steam boat willies ... 
   why do we have to let people suffer at the price of free will ? 
  that 's a very good question , why do we have to let people suffer at the price of free will . 
  you 've recognized that it is us who cause the problem , not god . 
   we could be living in heaven enjoying life . 
  yes , there could still be free-will but you would have a built-in moral system, 
  not sure where you 're going with this one .
