  they were atheist when it was state supported and surprise , surprise , they 're now predominantly religious due to putin 's russian orthodox push . 
  there 's a decent pdf/txt reader called bookr . 
  most people do it for emulators + ps1 games really, 
  well it was n't the concept of god was it , it was the concept of ` gods . ', 
  the concept of monotheism which the abrahamic beliefs are built on came quite a bit later . 
  but yes , gods were created very early on by humanity . 
  what you get on the disc belongs to you . 
  what you do n't ( dlc etc ) you can choose to buy or not . 
  however this time , what you get on the disc is n't yours at all . 
  you 've bought something that 's essentially incomplete , and to complete the puzzle you need to pay for the pieces you have , but ca n't assemble . 
  veggie tales all the way . 
  the jonah movie is an animated classic . 
  on your own - the verve, 
  baba yetu - christopher tin, 
  have n't they got bigger things to be dealing with ? 
  i mean , anyone could have opted out of it if they wanted to, 
  hey everybody this guy 's a pony / r/clopclop, 
  what a load of shit . 
  religion thrives under persecution , look at your history . 
  in china christianity is thriving , romes christian population grew exponentially even though people faced death . 
  it 's actually when people become compacent and everything 's going well that people fall away from religion , because they see no need for it . 
  and most importantly , why did you even touch on the topic ? 
  we 're talking about kony and next minute it 's why atheism is the superior ideology ? 
  why would you want someone to tell you you 're going to hell ? 
  i like to listen to obscure stuff like the rolling stones and queen . 
  when le friend could n't recite the lyrics to gim me shelter i gave him a long , hard look of disapproval . 
  what 's so wrong with modalism ? 
  we 're only worshipping one god and he comes in three different forms . 
  the holy spirit is god working in us , no ? 
  it 's part of our western culture . 
  most people do n't even know what bc and ad means , just that bc was ` ancient ' and ad is ` modern ' . 
  we have christian heritage , like it or not . 
  because everything must be secularized, 
  it 's obvious that anyone preaching love and tolerance is an atheist . 
  that 's why the majority of charities are all secular . 
  checkmate theists !, 
  r/atheism is a bitch to everything but their egos, 
  omg , yu suzuki must be a redditor !!!, 
  seriously though , this is great news . 
  i hope a ton of people buy it . 
  omg no girls like internet explorer either . 
  chrome 4eva !, 
  see no evil do no google yeeeah !!, 
  your not a tolerant christian unless you do n't believe in god and memorize the god delusion . 
  also , why do you support the crusades and slavery ? 
  of course . 
  my brother saved himself for marriage and so did his wife . 
  they 've been together for 3 + years now and are expecting a baby at the end of the year . 
  it 's all really about whether you love someone . 
  if you build a relationship based mostly on sex it is n't going to last , as over time it will become stale and your performance will be worse . 
  then again , if you 're a christian couple that gets married young only so you can have sex with someone , then it 's not going to last long as the marriage was just built around sex as well . 
  he 's the ~ ~ family dog ~ ~ cameraman, 
  sweet chocolate feces batman !, 
  of course not , i was n't trying to suggest that . 
  i was just saying that some people do , and then when it comes to marriage the likely outcome is going to be divorce , because there was only one thing that really sustained or drove the relationship . 
  fuck the fundies, 
  i 'm also rude_all_caps_sagan . 
  fuck religion , upvotes to the left !, 
  they power all electronics with their atheist mind-fields, 
  have you published your autobiography in rage comic format ? 
  secrets out guys ... i am woody harrelson !, 
  if you 're asking why you 're smarter than someone , chances are you 're not . 
  i really think there are two types of atheists, 
  type 1 - the freethinking atheist . 
  one that has honestly and earnestly examined the evidence and has come to the conclusion that god most likely does not exist, 
  type 2 - the spiteful atheist . 
  this is the atheist who has had nothing but bad interactions with christians or religious people , and has decided he can not be associated with any group so hurtful or hateful . 
  despite whatever ` logical ' line of reasoning many on r / * atheism claim , i would say the vast majority of them are type 2 atheists . 
  of course there is an overlap between the two types , but i believe that the pendulum swings primarily ( on r / * atheism ) to type number two, 
  i will use ` the spell of hitchens ' to defeat your hoofed menace . 
  this will cause your equestrian ally to gain a large amount of weight and subsequently die of the disease of your choice . 
  hey ... they were my tyres !, 
  i put them up on google images , yeah ... checkmaaate theists !!!, 
  get the galaxy note , take a picture of the galaxy nexus , do some top secret hacking . 
  boom , got the galaxy nexus running inside the galaxy note . 
  pshh . 
  i remember playing morrowind back in ~ ~ 2010 ~ ~ the day . 
  that game was a million times better , especially since everyone else thinks so . 
  in ~ ~ god ~ ~ science-reason-logic-atheism we trust . 
  ftfy, 
  your content is not shit , your content is enlightened . 
  you are a brave oppressed atheist soul . 
  you have rights damn it , more rights than anyone else . 
  i do n't think science yet knows how life actually started . 
  there are a number of hypotheses , but the origin is still not clear . 
  if we knew how it started it would make your question a lot easier . 
  i do n't think a literal reading of genesis is scientific by any means . 
  oh come on , have you even looked at the inquisition ? 
  people were n't forced to deny science , it was mostly jews killed and that 's a total of about 3000 deaths over 120 years . 
  they were terrible but they were n't targeted towards atheists ( barely any around in spain ) and nowhere near as many people died as is believed http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_inquisition#death_tolls, 
  what is not proven is not knowledge , it 's a belief . 
  i said they were terrible did n't i ? 
  and yes 3000 deaths over 120 years historically is n't actually a big deal . 
  look at stalins purges , genocides in africa and numerous other mass killings if you want to see truly horrifying actions . 
  religion has motivated people to do terrible things but many details of its darkest hours are largely exaggerated . 
  if you 're getting all your sources from r/atheism you are n't exactly getting a balanced view of things , so please actually look at the history behind events before you post about them . 
  the theory was invented by an atheist . 
  do n't believe the lies on wikipedia folks . 
  it is n't , he was just associating it with a long list of prohibited places in saudi arabia . 
  anyone think he sounds like a male version of helen clark ?
