  good job op . 
  le logical atheists are too smart for the friendzone, 
  yeah ... 
  here 's one called viva la logic, 
  `` i hear parishioners run and screaming, 
  pray to their sky daddy not logic and reason, 
  for some reason i ca n't explain, 
  i know carl sagan will call my name, 
  i was the bravest one, 
  but that was when i burnt down the church '', 
  dumb fundies try and take credit for our songs !, 
  ** fucking 9gag , stealing our content !!, 
  i really recommend looking at two pieces of software : evernote and bitcasa . 
  with evernote all your thoughts , ideas , lists and anything text related you can organize and sync it so you never lose it . 
  you can access on pc , browser or on an app for your phone . 
  with bitcasa you get unlimited cloud storage . 
  it 's in beta at the moment so they 'll start charging next year for $ 10 a month , but it 's unlimited !, 
  you can access your films , movies , games wherever you are by using the program or the web app . 
  sync all your external drives up into the cloud and whenever you make changes to them , they 'll be there . 
  it 's total integration with windows explorer so you play your movies you 've synced or uploaded through vlc or the web app , you do n't need to download them to view/edit your files . 
  what 's this you 've said to me , my good friend ? 
  ill have you know i graduated top of my class in conflict resolution , and ive been involved in numerous friendly discussions , and i have over 300 confirmed friends . 
  i am trained in polite discussions and i 'm the top mediator in the entire neighborhood . 
  you are worth more to me than just another target . 
  i hope we will come to have a friendship never before seen on this earth . 
  do n't you think you might be hurting someone 's feelings saying that over the internet ? 
  think about it , my friend . 
  as we speak i am contacting my good friends across canada and your p.o. 
  box is being traced right now so you better prepare for the greeting cards , friend . 
  the greeting cards that help you with your hate . 
  you should look forward to it , friend . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime for you , and i can calm you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my chess set . 
  not only am i extensively trained in conflict resolution , but i have access to the entire group of my friends and i will use them to their full extent to start our new friendship . 
  if only you could have known what kindness and love your little comment was about to bring you , maybe you would have reached out sooner . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now we get to start a new friendship , you unique person . 
  i will give you gifts and you might have a hard time keeping up . 
  you are finally living , friend . 
  you 're as pathetic as the conservatives who take the onion seriously, 
  this is fucking disgusting . 
  `` yes , and then i tell the little girl i put my penis in her and then she 'll change her mind ! '', 
  excuse me ? 
  the guy was so oppressed he had to read dawkins ( pbuh ) holy work `` the god delusion '' under the covers !, 
  i 'm thinking this is a troll as well . 
  it panders to too many of their desires . 
  he even called it reliegion . 
  obligatory religion is literally worse than rape as well, 
  i hereby proclaim negro_napoleon as heir to nukethepope 's bravery estate . 
  fuck the gmt , we `` re living in spacetime !!, 
  the thing i do n't understand is why / r/politics ca n't just be moderate for a bit . 
  i mean if reddit wants to make a difference in changing peoples minds to vote for obama the worst thing you can do is paint your opponents as the great satan and downvote any pro republican comments . 
  oh wait i forgot ... they 're all preaching to the choir . 
  a giant echochamber of pseudo libertarian liberalism where republicans are evil except when ron paul or some obscure congressman supports something they like . 
  why was this caught in the spam filter ? 
  should n't it just be all quickmeme posts - i mean pretty much every picture is an imgur link . 
  why can i ogle at women at the beach but not ogle at them everywhere ?!? 
  it means you 're not a scientist fundie . 
  the kingdom of heaven was not a good movie, 
  so righteous !, 
  thank the lord for the untainted words of the kjv 1611 !, 
  i do n't think there are many single player games that can take over your life . 
  new vegas and just cause 2 are probably my most played single player games , probably skyrim as well if i ever pick that up tf2 definitely sucks you in though - i hardly play the game and i still have several days worth of play time, 
  was the online decent on that ? 
  i never bothered with online on any psp games . 
  you a fan of the burnout series ? 
  i agree - i think there are plenty of new ips being released . 
  sure there are tons of sequels as well , but were n't there also in the 90s . 
  thanks to the rise of indie gaming i 'd say there are more new ips than ever . 
  god is my mexican gardener amirite ... oh wait, 
  `` i see no magic sky daddy up here '' - yuri ` skydivin ' gargarin, 
  thank god - no fundie , thank science !, 
  leap of faith !, 
  - no , a leap of science, 
  god bless you - dawkins bless you theist scum ! . 
  you 're making me mad now !, 
  ooc i still ca n't believe that shit gets upvotes, 
  if you 're really concerned about it , i 've read good things about this service . 
  unfortunately the lumia 920 is n't avaialable but i think it will be soon . 
  do you consider lies from satan christian ? 
  if you want a cheap win8 tablet then buy whatever hp or acer throw out . 
  the surface is a premium product and it 's app ecosystem is going to be massive over the next year, 
  literally onions good sir !, 
  i just have one question ... when does le narwhal bacon ? 
  i think what you meant to say is that they are n't acting anything like christians should . 
  like it or not , if these people claim to be christians despite throwing out everything christ said about helping your fellow man , then they probably are technically christians . 
  well how come you hate gay people ? 
  boom , logic 'd !, 
  i just wanted to say you have incredible faith . 
  it was n't the right thing to do but you took jesus words to heart and i believe god will bless you for it . 
  even though he 's a magic sky daddy i 'll attribute the non existant kills to the non existant being thank you very much !, 
  you 're welcome to bing for google though, 
  god is a lie , and if you don `` t like it fuck off . 
  do n't tell me what i ca n't say , atheists are literally undergoing the second holopressioncaust !, 
  because that excuses it , right ? 
  how dare reddit silence this scientist !, 
  this is an outrage !, 
  some dumb fundie that went through the lielocaust has the right to stomp all over our cyberturf ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  you know you 're more in danger of being an atheist in amerikkka right ? 
  they literally lynch you and destroy your logic and reason . 
  `` i 'll tell you what you did with scientists for about 1500 years .
