  can you vote for ardern or any member , or is it just robertson or cunliffe ? 
  does this leave enough time for them to organize it properly ? 
  your entire profile centers around strawmanning the national party and contributing nothing else . 
  you ca n't really take the high ground . 
  anyone who wants to opt out of having children can already do so with a vasectomy or hysterectomy/tube tying . 
  what you 're proposing is because some poor people do n't use birth control , we should involuntarily deprive them of their biological capability to have children . 
  that is a scary idea no matter what way you look at it . 
  the state mandates who is able to procreate ... it sounds awfully orwellian . 
  sorry i ca n't read . 
  could you set up a charity for helping me read , surely there ca n't be any existing options for doing so ? 
  i thought we were banning them ? 
  i 'm going to try drug dealing instead , for the sake of my children . 
  they 're only entitled because they 've always had western goods and luxuries china did n't have until the early 90s . 
  not to mention the whole lack of censorship . 
  it depends on what democratic system you have . 
  in new zealand at least , we currently have 4-5 minor parties in parliament as well as the main two , which actually offers better representation . 
  in the scandinavian systems they have something similar i believe . 
  exactly . 
  `` democracy '' is synonymous with what are perceived as democratic rights as well , including freedom of speech , press , religion , assembly etc. 
  all of which hong kong has always had in greater qualities than the mainland , from under british rule till the present . 
  i 'm sure vietnam , taiwan , the phillipines , japan and the rest of asia would love to hear how little china has been interfering in their sovereignty . 
  you could try contacting cpit , i know they have quite a large te reo centre . 
  no , canton/guangzhou was . 
  hong kong itself was a tiny fishing village that barely even existed . 
  most territory is won through warfare where `` playing it fair '' hardly exists . 
  most of the united states would have to be returned if we were to recognize previous land claims . 
  `` democratic values '' is an umbrella term for freedom of speech , press , religion , assembly etc , the values that most western democracies have . 
  hong kong had all of these under colonial rule and continues to have them today . 
  xenophobia is the word you 're looking for , not racism . 
  however hating people from where they 're from can be just as nasty as racism , even if you 're not judging their appearances . 
  but dried chips , that are crispy . 
  not to mention saying `` no one in the country is religious '' ignores the growing muslim population . 
  aside from those pesky tibetans, 
  a lot of hong kongers dislike the visa system instituted after sars as they 've seen unsustainable numbers of mainland tourists visiting and many exploiting the visa to smuggle goods across the border . 
  the hotel and retail industry likes them but the average hong konger sees prices rise and stores catering to locals shut down due to rising retail costs . 
  also the lax measures on sales of housing to mainland chinese has resulted in more apartments being bought as investments , leading to house prices soaring and unused apartments . 
  not to mention the huge number of tourists have made the streets crowded and choked the public transport system , in an already super dense city . 
  how dare you insult father , he 's going to beat you and lock you up now . 
  [ i agree that was a stupid decision but it 's a different matter . 
  do you honestly believe bible thumpers have any idea what the flying spaghetti monster is , let alone them going out of the way to deface a car displaying it ? 
  hypocrite, 
  you have to factor in the billions and billions of potential maymays that never even had a chance to live after jij turned off their mothership life support . 
  he is approximately 5 megahitlers , also measured as -12,000,000,000,000 kilosagans . 
  ** warning : butthole below !!, 
  not to mention the us can have bases in japan indefinitely and are opening some closed ones in the phillipines . 
  japan are hardly going to question why they need the us if north korea disappears as they 've never been seriously threatened by north korea . 
  their `` military '' is pathetic compared to china 's and they like taiwan rely on the us to ensure their security against china . 
  agreed , and with the diaoyu/senkaku disputes and china becoming more aggressive , they will be very reluctant to give up us defence capabilities . 
  america has the worlds best education and health , if you can pay for it of course . 
  for the average lower to middle class family they would be better off in the european systems though . 
  it does n't take long to investigate young earth creationism to discover it 's a modern evangelical sham and a joke in the scientific community . 
  agreed , but if the interests of the population are n't being met by the existing political parties , then it 's not surprising if another rises to fill the void , as ukip has done to the euroskeptics and the snp for scottish autonomy . 
  if you ca n't articulate the views of you party in a way the people respond to , then your views are irrelevant . 
  i 've always thought the idea of a local `` super '' market co-op could work . 
  you get the bakers , dairyys , greengrocers , butchers , sweet shops and delicatessens to all go under the same roof . 
  each business has their own id 'd products and bags , so sales for all businesses can be done at the same checkout , with profits divided amongst them on sale . 
  let 's beat the english out of him !, 
  remove north island , remove north island from the premises, 
  if collectively the rest of the western world are providing assistance , it does n't help our relationships with our allies if we neglect to provide any help . 
  there is a legitimate terror threat to the us , uk , australia , europe and us as a result of isis . 
  the idea that we 've got ours and we can ignore our alliances with the rest of the world is misguided . 
  politics usually is, 
  i would suggest putting your questions to http://www.reddit.com/r/catholicism . 
  this board was taken over by trolls a long time ago and while there are still some sincere users here , most catholic redditors are over there . 
  in this case he actually is, 
  right , but it 's an indoor market where you pay at each stall separately right ? 
  my idea is to have a single payment system so it functions more or less like a supermarket , but individual and local businesses will benefit instead of big corporations . 
  you can still travel the world man . 
  from the us you can go overland all the way to south america . 
  there are plenty of cruises from new york to southhampton in the uk to take you to europe , where there is inexpensive rail travel and a link to asia and africa . 
  flying really is n't the only option . 
  this is n't even remotely a circlejerk, 
  did god create the gays or did they mutate into homosexpians ? 
  i went on a cruise through tonga and fiji and we went to both nuka ` lofa and vav ` au . 
  tonga is by far the least developed pacific island i 've been to out of fiji , new caledonia and the cook islands . 
  the taxis in nuka'alofa had broken windows and doors and there were few paved streets/footpaths . 
  i agree that the beaches are lovely but it 's a shame the place has such poor infrastructure . 
  ### do you think this a joke fundie ? 
  we are singlehandedly preventing the next dark ages through angst , sweat and memes !, 
  the government line of 5000 years of history heavily implies that everything that is modern china , was always china . 
  ignoring the fact that xinjiang and western china began to be administered in the 19th century and taiwan was only colonized ( and had no chinese ) in the 17th century . 
  turkmenistan was akin to north korea for several years though under niyazov , and his son really is n't much better . 
  i 'd be surprised that any history taught in their curriculum was accurate . 
  they 're the polar opposite of each other , each at the extreme opposite end of the political spectrum . 
  i agree that in practice have had similar violent methodologies but to call them minor differences is disingenuous . 
  to be fair britain did do a terribly poor job of defending singapore . 
  in hong kong where they had even less than half the men , they fought much harder . 
  i highly recommend the series `` first australians '' which documents the effect of colonization on the different aboriginal groups in each australian state . 
  the rest did n't have a flag . 
  well at least you still have tea in some form . 
  here 's the place that stock their milk . 
  it would be here if it was anywhere http://www.lewisroadcreamery.co.nz/findus, 
  op if you can get an xl for 100 pounds , it 's definitely worth it for the extra screen size . 
  i ca n't wait until unisex bathrooms become the standard . 
  we 've been living in the restroom dark ages far too long . 
  ha , english is one of the most gender inclusive languages . 
  try and learn most foreign languages and you have gender specific nouns for almost everything . 
  in french chairs are feminine , curtains are masculine and everything else is arbitrarily assigned a gender . 
  lgbt + + is my favourite language . 
  far superior to lgbt +,
