  his point is that it 's not just the jews . 
  i seldom come to worldnews any more , because half the time it 's full of jew bashing . 
  i 'm not jewish , but i still do n't see the point to it all . 
  you can point out faults without being disrespectful . 
  i do n't know what dogkicker is going on about . 
  there 's a lot of contempt towards christians on r/atheism , and insults and egotistical circlejerking but never do they encourage violence towards any religion . 
  i 'm really glad that the two faiths are joining together in this protest . 
  this is far from the first time that there has been violence towards copts in egypt , and usually is done by fundamentalists from the islamic side . 
  hopefully this protest can increase the dialogue between the two religions from cairo to alexandria and the rest of egypt . 
  le is so uncool, 
  unmemeception, 
  i saw a tv show with a hot chick and dolphins , so i decided this was the field for me . 
  ftfy !, 
  :3 you 're just the bravest guy !, 
  fancy a free trip to ireland , by which i mean my basement :3, 
  `` fear ye man , for ye shall be cast into the lake of fire with jalepeno toppings . 
  the meat shall inherit the earth '', 
  still my favourite film , even if it is a homage to so much else . 
  nobody knows for certain until our time here is over , personally , i 'm going to try to love my fellow man and god as jesus taught . 
  fulfilled means finished . 
  if you finish a race does it mean that the race did n't exist ? 
  no , however it means you no longer need to run in that race . 
  a rule by some christians , not a christian rule, 
  you 're so funny man , you should do stand up or something . 
  no , i 'm not applying that the old testament does n't apply . 
  there are fantastic stories in the old testament of courage and faith as well as terrible happenings and a jealous god . 
  however , i do n't believe the jewish laws apply to modern christians which was what jesus was referring to when he `` fulfilled '' them.we do n't need to follow them anymore , however they 're still useful to look at to appreciate what jesus did for us on the cross . 
  that man could never live up to god , even with the strictest laws around . 
  you 've got some good points there , and you may be right that i do n't get the basics of the big bang . 
  this is sort of why i came here , to get clarification . 
  you know you probably are right about the genies though . 
  if there were billions worshipping them , then it would seem much more valid to believe in , even if it 's not . 
  since so many people do believe in them , it seems to make it more valid , even if it has n't got a shred of proof . 
  i mean surely it must be genuine if it 's billions of them ? 
  but i 'm dancing off on a tangent , please , the big bang . 
  you guys really had it hard . 
  the only thing my mum really did n't like was yugioh . 
  anyone who writes this garbage up is just desperate to find a ` satanic ' link . 
  it 's like the people that listen to records backwards , and slowed down 5 times , and claim to hear them saying ` devil dance slightly ' i mean if you really want to go to efforts you could say , peter pan is the story of a flying demon that takes children under his wing , and casts satanic flying powers onto them . 
  the children ` never want to grow up ' proving that satans powers have a hold on them . 
  honestly , if a show is dealing with proper occultish themes then it should be avoided e.g if there 's a seance or ouija board being used . 
  however almost all kids cartoons are harmless , and should n't be taken seriously . 
  10 upvotes ? 
  they 're certainly silencing you ... 
  iiiiiiiiiii, 
  so right . 
  and if you end up trying to do everything , you do nothing well, 
  keep thoust palms holy , in whatever ye do . 
  keep those palms fabulous !, 
  any iranians prefer persia as a name ? 
  i 've always liked it better , same as burma for myanmar . 
  fffffuuuuuuuuu !!, 
  i do n't treat the sabbath all that differently to any other day . 
  would it be the same if r/christianity was in the default set ? 
  i doubt you would be so calm as to say people can just remove it . 
  that 's right folks apple cares about the environment . 
  that 's why it uses toxic chemicals that poison both workers and land to make their status symbols . 
  no , nothing would be more neutral than r/agnosticism . 
  atheism states a default position on the matter stating that there is no god ( or there 's a 99.9 % chance there is ) , as christianity or islam does in the opposite way . 
  agnosticism is the most neutral position as they have n't decided which stance is right . 
  well yes , but it 's what you consider hell to be . 
  you would be without god , since you do n't believe in him , as i would be without your gods as i do n't believe in them . 
  i do n't by the torture claims , and think it 's a barbaric interpretation . 
  really depends what the fantastical is now does n't it . 
  children believe in santa , some grown irish , japanese and icelandic peoples genuinely believe in folk creatures and spirits . 
  i do n't see them commiting the awful acts you 're suggesting will happen . 
  hey there , i 'm from r/christianity too and go here quite a bit . 
  i think you 'll find a lot of the christians on r/christianity are a lot more rational than your average bible belter . 
  i do enjoy this subreddit though , when it 's not endless facebook screencaps . 
  sounds like you have great faith , and that 's a fantastic trait to have . 
  is it not true in hinduism though that if your actions are not good enough , you will return in a lesser form ? 
  and is this not an endless cycle until you become good enough to be at peace ? 
  ( forgive me if this is wrong , i do have a lot to learn about your faith ) this sounds worse than hell to me , if hell is merely an absence of god . 
  the thing i appreciate about my faith is that it 's not measured on my actions , and no matter how far i fall short of what jesus taught , i will always be welcomed by him . 
  i saw no posts from r/christianity even with them merged . 
  the rage comics , george carlin videos and facebook screencaps overtook everything !, 
  no , but i did n't just add santa claus into the mix , i added grown people of different nations believing in folk creatures or spirits . 
  they leave food out for these spirits and creatures as a way to appease them . 
  they know there 's no evidence for it , yet they continue to do it . 
  they are n't inciting hatred or violence , even though we see it as a quirky thing to believe in . 
  personally i do disagree with evangelical christianity , especially the version that seems to be taking place in the states . 
  yet , i am saying that it all depends upon how you interpret these fantastical things . 
  i do n't see benedictine monks blowing up abortion clinics , even though the bible has violent messages in the old testament . 
  in world war two , buddhist monks encouraged the emperor cult and blessed many of the kamikaze pilots , yet buddhas message taught for peace . 
  just because some sections of a belief are violent and stupid , does n't mean the majority of that group are . 
  in new caledonia it was a full on ` le ' fest . 
  le this , le that , i found newfound inspiration for my rage comics . 
  it 's a reddit thing !!!!, 
  yeah , thats right . 
  nobody wanted to download the beta for the most anticipated game of the year . 
  seriously , i do like steam but that 's pathetic . 
  how 's everyone else finding the touch screen on the new ones ? 
  i 've got a kindle 3 and i much prefer the keyboard layout , but i remember when showing it to my sister she tried to move the pages with her finger , like she expected it to be touch sensetive . 
  so long as it 's got jesus in it , then it 's ok !, 
  hey kids , who wants to have a jesusjihad to get rid of the terrorists !, 
  he 's not suggesting we deny the passage , he 's saying that there 's many christians taking that verse to the extreme . . which gives you the creation of things like ` jesusween . ', 
  often it 's these groups that seem to be conveniently ignoring the ` love your neighbour ' part . 
  `` jesusween is a non profit organization also known as jesuswin '' - i lost it there, 
  we 're not mocking jesus , we 're mocking those who think jesusween is a good idea . 
  i doubt jesus would take ` jesusween ' seriously , so why should we ?
