  yes you can , but it 's really awful . 
  you can download the equivalent of a city wide area but you ca n't even search the maps and there 's no turn by turn directions . 
  with nokia you can download an entire country , support full turn by turn directions . 
  it 's really useful for travelllers . 
  yeah i agree with the city lens thing . 
  perhaps he uses it in the city and then while he 's out where there 's no data connection uses nokia drive . 
  yeah that 's fine . 
  i think it could be great publicity for them . 
  i 'm always up for a free phone haha, 
  well there will always be something bad happening in the world ... and there will always be a way to blame reliegion for it !, 
  i passed the test with my educated mind !, 
  check your comic privilege cis scum !, 
  only gender queer folks can laugh at this , no sawcsms !, 
  the best board on reddit is http://www.reddit.com/r/politics+atheism+gaming, 
  exactly . 
  if the expats treated locals like trash then there would be no respect given in return . 
  the heathen can not save us , only the lord can do that . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  last statistics i saw put it closer to 90 % or higher with osx 4 % ? 
  ish and linux 1-2, 
  good lord . 
  flying to the london and buying it would probably be cheaper, 
  the videos i saw , it was fine for gba + snes but not for n64 + ps1 . 
  in order to run some games on n64 you had to mute the sound . 
  is that right ? 
  i think one of the biggest problems was using it on low end hardware . 
  when people bought their $ 800 laptops pre sp1 it ran awfully . 
  that and most people did n't know how to turn down uac, 
  / r/atheism certainly reminded us of the rover landing http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/xrb51/a_small_group_of_atheist_scientists_some_of_whom/, 
  could he possibly do a kickstarter or something to raise funds as well ? 
  i 'd donate $ 100 to it, 
  it seems a bit cliche yelling `` pc gone mad !!! '', 
  like a winston supporter but i think this is ridiculous . 
  if whoever made the allegations actually spoke to the man and his daughter none of this would happen . 
  i 've been a lurker on the site for about a week and have registered an account to post my gratitude for this place existing . 
  i 'm from birmingham , alabama , a city in the bible belt with an extremely high christian population . 
  homosexuality and god forbid atheism , will get you verbally abused or worse turn you into a bloody corpse . 
  although we are making progress now it 's incredibly slow and disheartening that so many atheists and gays are oppressed in this state . 
  all my life here i 've been told by my parents , friends and church that i should never question what the bible says . 
  it was the ultimate authority and i happily wallowed in the shit like an oblivious puppy . 
  this was n't a problem for me until i hit puberty and went to junior high . 
  i did n't have many friends but the ones i had were all staring at girls like they were some sort of treasure . 
  i just did n't get the attraction , though i noticed some of the guys . 
  there was one boy there called tom , who was in the school swimming team . 
  he and i worked on a project in english class together . 
  anyways after class one day i did the stupidest thing . 
  i leant in and kissed him . 
  he looked at me in shock , and then shock turned to disgust . 
  he stormed out of the room . 
  when i came back to school the next day everyone was whispering i was a faggot . 
  tom had told his friends about the event and they turned to mocking me , calling me awful homophobic slurs . 
  i really felt like i deserved it though . 
  i hated myself and felt god would send me to hell . 
  hell is not something children should even know about , but because of reliegion it gets a free pass . 
  it 's a cruel , psychopathic place and yet we tell children all about it - and that a magic man you ca n't see can save you from it . 
  remind me again why this stuff is n't fantasy or the ramblings of a mentally insane man . 
  simply because these myths are institutionalized , people take them seriously . 
  anyways after the week of constant teasing at school , i looked at barnes and noble at the mall , and saw a display for a book called ` the god delusion ' . 
  this was n't hidden away in the back like some sort of contraband . 
  in the midst of the theocracy that is my state , we had it on a shelf advertising it loud and proud . 
  i had never seen such blatant disrespect to god , and was in awe of such blatant disregard for religion . 
  our state has banned several books but thankfully dawkins great work was not one of them . 
  i purchased it and read it under the covers at night , when mom and dad could n't see it . 
  i 'd never been told the horrors of religion before , and boy were there horrors . 
  crusades , the dark ages , witch hunts , suppression of galileo and reason . 
  what 's more dawkins criticized those who made fun of homosexuality . 
  it was like i had an ally after all these years . 
  i was n't an `` abomination '' i was a normal gay teen . 
  after pondering over the words in that book i realized it all had been a lie . 
  every , single , thing . 
  everything i was told to cling dear to , everything that i believed without questioning was a lie . 
  i realized that the hatred of who i was did n't come from `` satan '' or anyone else , but from christianity itself . 
  my classmates would not have been against who i was if they were atheists , instead it was religion that caused all the pain . 
  most of the suffering in this world came from this mind poison and lie . 
  after reading the god delusion for the second time ( and checking mom was out ) i shouted my declaration of godlessness . 
  `` fuck you jesus , fuck you !!!, 
  i will not listen to your book of lies !!!!!! '', 
  it sounded almost pathetic in hindsight , but it was my door through to reason . 
  my newfound atheism led me to research millions of new subjects that i had known nothing about . 
  i knew barely anything about evolution or the universe , but after discovering naturalistic explanations explained every lie i 'd been fed , i happily devoured all of them . 
  i fell in love with carl sagan ( almost literally  and gobbled up cosmos like a hungry child . 
  it has been several years since that incident and i am openly atheist and gay to most who know me . 
  my parents were so dissapointed at first when i told them i was a gay atheist , and i think it strained our relationship a lot . 
  i still live with my parents but hopefully i 'll be able to move to a more liberal city soon . 
  anyways just as a closing mesage , we should not be ashamed of who we are . 
  we were all formed by nature and should be vocal . 
  religion threatens our laws , our relationships and our sanity . 
  we atheists need to be vocal . 
  to see 1.2 million proud atheists registered on this site makes me really proud , and hopeful that america will become a rational republic like our founding fathers intended . 
  anyways i have to go visit family now , but i just wanted to send this message to my fellow godless redittors . 
  stay strong then we will be unstopabble . 
  we should not hold back our words . 
  religious lies deserve no privelages . 
  as harris said - if i could get rid of rape or religion , i would get rid of religion . 
  religion is worse than rape , as it motivates rape and countless other attrocities . 
  i hope within this generation christianity becomes a minority in america . 
  in europe , church attendance has fallen down to miniscule levels . 
  i 'm thankful to be an atheist , an anti theist and a homosexual , and soon in america , thanks to the efforts of us we will become the majority ( well not the homosexual part ), 
  edit : wow guys front page !, 
  thank you so much for the support .
