  you did n't but you suggested a much better civilization comes out of having seperation of church and state . 
  i pointed out that many of the countries that do n't have seperation of church and state are doing better than ones ( like the us ) that do . 
  this caucus was ridiculous . 
  how can they say it 's over when half the counties have n't even voted ? 
  do you ever get the feeling that people do n't like it when you act superior to them ? 
  people tend to ignore the crazy locals when the islands look like paradise on earth, 
  i know you have salafists in your government but please do n't let your history be destroyed . 
  you live in one of the most important nations in all of history , do n't let them wipe your artifacts and treasures away . 
  it 's ridiculous the level of intolerance they have . 
  my brother was considering a holiday there and was informed that there was no way he could even bring his bible in to the country !, 
  same thing happened in afghanistan with the giant buddhas . 
  once you have fundamentalist muslims running a country there 's no tolerance for ` idolatry ' even if the idolatry is a historical treasure . 
  do n't dump religious people into one big category . 
  are n't ` fundies ' ( christian , muslim or otherwise ) meant to deny climate change ? 
  yes . 
  are n't religious people ( liberals , mystics , all denominations of a faith ) mean to deny climate change or any other scientific view point ? 
  i agree that there are christian extremists out there , but can you imagine if the museum displayed a ` piss muhammed ' - the whole city would have been burnt to the ground . 
  atheists hardly have a perfect record . 
  i recall the amazingatheist condemning a group of atheists who vandalized a church with fsm graffiti . 
  then let 's not forget what happens when darwinian views are imposed socially by tyrants and religion is banned - a huge spiritual void and millions of deaths . 
  why do christian organizations always use their faith as the reason for doing acts of kindness and love ? 
  i know there are wonderful secular charities as well but there 's a good reason why the majority of aid organizations are christian - because the message of helping a brother/sister in need is deeply rooted in their faith and inspires them to do good to others . 
  to say religion does nothing is foolish , religion is often the catalyst for chariy and compassion . 
  this is a ridiculous argument - religion is a belief system it does n't work by itself , it works through people . 
  yes the religious people did it but they did it because of what their religion says . 
  it 's like saying ` what part of that involves the legal system doing anything that the policeman did n't do themselves ? ', 
  so much bravery, 
  the bible says nothing about how old humanity is, 
  how many of the records in the library were actually preserved ? 
  why are we banning bravery ? 
  the quakers are pretty cool tbh were protesting for female rights with the suffragettes, 
  the photo was taken at a anti burqa event in brazil , that 's why she 's not a muslim . 
  one central message of christianity through the story of the garden of eden to jesus death on the cross is that we are far from perfect . 
  heaven is a perfect place where god dwells , no sinning being no matter how well intentioned they are can enter . 
  why ? 
  because if sin came to heaven it would n't be perfect anymore would it . 
  however by grace we are able to enter . 
  grace is a gift we did n't deserve and yet out of love we were still given it . 
  tl ; dr we 're not perfect , ca n't enter a perfect place . 
  we 're given a ` key ' to enter as a gift but have to accept the gift, 
  why do you jump to ridiculous conclusions , he was n't even suggesting that . 
  anyone making a claim that has n't been proven requires proof . 
  god has not been disproven , so disprove him for me . 
  in caucuses delegates are n't awarded proportionally . 
  it 's pretty well known that the paul supporters are staying to win all the caucus delegates . 
  so long as they 're legible, 
  you know what prayer is more effective than ? 
  being a self righteous dick . 
  to take a stance on anything that is n't proven is a belief . 
  if you do n't believe in a god , it 's a belief . 
  if you do believe in god , it 's a belief . 
  atheism is n't a religion or moral structure or anything else , it 's the belief that there is no god ( which consequently is the lack of belief in god as theism is the lack of a lack of belief in god ), 
  yes and how is murder dealt with ... at a state level or a federal level ? 
  if they do n't believe they 're born gay then it 's not that surprising . 
  pascal 's wager is flawed because it presupposes that christianity is right . 
  what if the muslims are right , then you 'd have to believe in their god for it to work . 
  he knew plenty growing up in colonial india, 
  martin luther degenerated into a jew hating bitter old man later in life . 
  none of us condone these words and you know it . 
  ok jerry , now when we push you into the ocean you walk on water ... oh you 're not the son of god now ? 
  good . 
  come on , we know they 'll ignore both of them . 
  absolute rubbish . 
  the bible is n't one book , it 's 66 different books . 
  to call it a disjointed mess is like saying the complete works of shakespeare are disjointed . 
  they 're seperate works compiled together . 
  he could have called for the bill to be changed but no he signed it . 
  against who ? 
  they have n't picked a candidate yet . 
  what if it was ron paul , i 'm sure the chances would n't be as high . 
  no , it 's the ` complete works of william shakespeare ' because it 's all of his plays . 
  they did n't leave out his lesser plays . 
  i agree though , there is a difference the bible was chosen based on what the early church leaders at the council wanted in . 
  is that a ancient torture weapon omg christianity is evil !!, 
  why is it in hallowed sweden !!, 
  twas the voice of our saviour ron . 
  he sounds a lot like jesus so i understand your confusion . 
  because you honestly believe it 's claims . 
  just because it does n't make sense to you does n't mean it does n't make sense to anyone else . 
  any plans for unlimited like slingshot have been offering ? 
  the central basis of christianity is to accept that jesus died and rose again . 
  the ressurection is repeated in all four gospels and yet paul 's opinion on women and the old testament laws are each only mentioned once . 
  the only thing that matters is to accept jesus sacrifice if you accept all the old testament laws and everything else but not this you are not a christian . 
  i 'm sorry i did n't think i was being rude . 
  some people honestly do look at the evidence and draw the conclusion that there is a god . 
  i know it seems hard to comprehend if you visit r/atheism all the time but it happens . 
  that 's right it was a holy crusade by bush , not a gamble for oil and military contractors / s, 
  they would have gone ahead with iraq religion or not . 
  there was a ton of opposition but they just wanted their war . 
  han solo is n't god . 
  i 've admired quotes from richard dawkins , george carlin , christopher hitchens etc it does n't mean i agree with them on most of the issues , only that i admire that particular quote . 
  if the narrator is describing the event as it 's happening then it 's not past tense . 
  hey i 'm with you . 
  only about 60 years ago i would be able to kill for eugenics and social darwinism ( survival of the fittest , the weak and mentally incompetent are unworthy of living ) in the cause of advancing science . 
  why is science now so silent on these subjects , we were making real progress !, 
  atheism should be the only belief system around . 
  i understand that this contradicts ` freedom of religion ' but hear me out . 
  religion is incredibly dangerous force and does far more harm than good . 
  this imbalance towards the negative would lead any reasonable person to prohibit such beliefs as they pose a danger to others round them . 
  i understand historically that when religion was surpressed it still managed to thrive , but i would argue that it was other factors that caused the failure of the abolition .
