  everything is a twisted dark blur , until suddenly i fall down from the abyss . 
  my eyes open and i see a stark white room . 
  my eyes roll groggily to the right as i am acclimatizing to my new surroundings . 
  a sign by the door reads ` l'hopital ' under a tricolore . 
  ah , so this must be the land they call ` france ' then . 
  my fragile new body is picked up by a middle aged woman with loosened wrinkles and strands of brown hair curling off to both sides of her face . 
  she smiles stupidly at me , stricken by the love disease that infects them . 
  `` ahh baby . 
  you are so cute !, 
  i love you so much ! '', 
  i have no patience for this one . 
  it 's so much worse when you get them alone , because you know none of their own kind never cared to be with them . 
  she picks me up again but she does n't realize the pain she causes me . 
  it takes at least a week to properly be programmed into the new vessel and everything is aching . 
  i begin to howl angrily . 
  `` you stupid , fat woman , put me down !, 
  this is france is n't it ? 
  the land of vice and indulgences . 
  i am a dog , hurry up with my damn croissants ! '', 
  808s is my favourite kanye record, 
  what ? 
  no they 're not . 
  they 're a bunch of delinquent white probably agnostic kids from auckland . 
  but microsoft are innovating in the same areas . 
  windows phone 8 is now entrenched as the third major player in the mobile market , skydrive being built in to their latest os ensures more and more people will be using microsofts cloud tech and pushing their os on platforms , phones and traditional pcs means eventually more and more people are using microsoft technology everywhere . 
  i 'm so glad that android has become a world class open source alternative and linux seems to be growing in popularity , but with ms pushing into every computing market they 're not going away, 
  from what i 've read android uses exchange for all mail operations , so they pay ms for the patent . 
  oh please , it 's not 2011 any more . 
  windows phone is pretty successful now especially since they 're pushing it on lower end devices where it runs better than android . 
  get a real argument or stop arguing . 
  `` fuck you hoe '' who 's mind are you even trying to change ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  they already make money from it , but they obviously make more if phones are running their own os, 
  ### i love you , you love me . 
  we 're a atheist family . 
  with a big can of dew and a kiss from a friendzoning swede . 
  something something upron me, 
  you know that `` losing my religion '' is slang for losing your temper right ? 
  it 's not actually about his journey to atheism . 
  i just googled and apparently michael stipe is a buddhist . 
  oh i got it was a joke , i just was n't sure how you interpreted it . 
  personally final fantasy xv and kingdom hearts 3 are the ones exciting me most . 
  we 'll probably end up getting one in 2014 and one in 2015 , but they both look amazing . 
  i 'm also looking forward to smash on 3ds . 
  hopefully it 's as good as the console version . 
  maybe people genuinely like him ? 
  i 'm sure in a year or two they 'll be sick of him though . 
  reddit goes through so many fads . 
  anything attempting to insult crapple is good enough for me . 
  fight on nexus warrior !, 
  that is blatant censorship . 
  i ca n't believe people on an android sub of all places do n't want to hear about the biggest event of the year , bar none . 
  samsung shills pls go , nobody cares about touchwiz . 
  / r/nexus5 will never die . 
  however we must ensure that the mods here keep our posts about the phone here , no matter how `` mundane '' or `` irrelevant '' they claim to be . 
  you know that hitler said the jews were `` irrelevant '' right . 
  mods , are you listening ?? 
  people can never never forget about the nexus 5 , no matter what the mods try and do . 
  oppression !, 
  it 's at 9.2 % in the top 5 european markets at the moment . 
  that 's almost 1 in 10 phones in the top 5 european countries running it . 
  windows 8 tablets are fantastic since the os is designed for them . 
  you get more functionality than android , and could run any app on them in bluestacks . 
  if you 're talking about rt ( which is n't on most of them ) i 'd agree , but otherwise i do n't know what you 're on about there . 
  have you tried using a tablet with win 8 on it ? 
  upclicked for free speech, 
  ### more like le bold amirite !, 
  i have n't read it but from comments i 've read from atheists it seems screwtape letters is generally more convincing . 
  i 'll echo what another poster said and go with hitchens ' `` god is not great '', 
  but you identify primarily as a taoist rather than a christian ? 
  i know that lewis argued that the `` tao '' was something inherent in all humanity , but i 'm not familiar with many other syncretic arguments for combining the two faiths . 
  6/10 not quite copypasta worthy . 
  good job on the rosa parks and darwin comparisons though, 
  when you first masturbated i doubt you had porn . 
  is n't the 90 day challenge supposed to be for ending the addiction . 
  of course there will likely be some fantasy involved , i could n't do it with just the sensation but i think if you do break out of the addiction it 's possible to masturbate without it . 
  the discipline wo n't fade after all that time . 
  congratulations for making it that far !, 
  i think what he meant was that if you 're struggling with the temptation , go on nofap ? 
  the launch ps3s were worth buying since they had more functionality . 
  those who bought a 360 at launch though would have likely had theirs fail by now . 
  you mean you fell for their april fools prank and are now bitter about it, 
  lol at this beta fag who does n't even think about their balls every hour, 
  that 's a `` gulag '' where inmates get free healthcare . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/cringepics/comments/1bm139/my_april_fools_pranks_are_magic/?limit=500eah it was, 
  perhaps he can become ~ ~ ceo ~ ~ head of google 's operations in new zealand !, 
  thanks for the response . 
  taoism , daoism and chinese religions are something i need to study . 
  how dare you claim the high ground with your poisonous skin colour and harmful nationality . 
  do you realize how the maori people have suffered specifically because of austrians ? 
  maybe if you study the smallpox infested strudels that austrian whalers brought into new zealand during the 19th century , you wo n't be so smug . 
  now listen to the fierce war dance of the mighty tangata whenua . 
  i can hear you quaking in your dirndl already, 
  i believe / r/nzcirclejerk has been infiltrated as well by the left wing femifundie agenda . 
  i believe the green party may be coordinating a large scale astroturfing campaign . 
  even the usernames they pick are n't hiding it . 
  just look at, 
  there are blatant ties to the green party . 
  when will the madness end ? 
  when did telecom roll out 4g here ?
