  it 's actually / r/circlebroke3 but whoever the leaker is does n't want to make it obvious that he 's a member of that sub , so he 's edited the title to circlebs . 
  / r/circlebroke3 has the exact `` change our world with the upvotes '' headings , circlebs has n't many subscribers . 
  a pillar of logic in a sea of tyranny . 
  his sacrifice shall not be forgotten , the spirit of socrates is alive within every maymay we post on the mothership !, 
  are these people high off their ego ? 
  i mean i 've never heard anything so pseudo religious and pretentious in my life , but people actually agree with this crap . 
  calling becoming an atheist a `` restoration of your natural self '' and placing the ` other ' religions as `` an artifical system of religious control '' sounds borderline schizophrenic . 
  can someone help me understand . 
  i just ... ca n't even wrap my head around who says this kind of stuff . 
  you can save comments as well i think , and test out multireddit beta !, 
  someone needs to do a proper recap on srd or circlebroke in a week or two , covering the most pasta worthy complaints and the history of the whole rump rustling . 
  no , it 's not . 
  please stop delegitimizing actual ableism like `` re . . rd '', 
  oh yeah , definitely , i was gifted it a few days ago . 
  since reddit is fine on adblock and with the amount of time i spend here i think i give the site enough support , if it offered features like res does i 'd definitely pay for it . 
  [ * this , coming from a mod delete my aeratemark two hours ago . 
  how can you live with yourself kesha_paul ? 
  * ] ( / spurdo ), 
  maybe if you want to stop women being sexually promiscuous dont base your entire life 's purpose on banging them !!, 
  what a bunch of hypocrites . . 
  as a kiwi this makes me very sad . 
  i hope cyf takes swift action, 
  no its higher , hence why they 're really emphasising the use of condoms . 
  statistically anal sex is much higher which can lead to tearing which passes on hiv . 
  when you have more people in the community having unprotected sex then it gets passed round quicker as well . 
  ## stop . 
  think . 
  an upvote is n't enough , i gave you a 5c bitcoin tip, 
  you did a great job . 
  i was n't expecting much of the whole ` e3 reporters '' suggestions but you guys actually managed to interview some important figures . 
  what did you expect ? 
  they got an interview with an important gaming figure and relayed the communities questions to them . 
  if you start ranting at how microsoft is awful and the xbox one sucks during the interview , nobody will give you any interview times and it makes both parties look awful . 
  ## fuck this fundie earth !, 
  i think the difference was that you willingly give the information to google , whereas the nsa took your information without consent . 
  and idiocracy !!!, 
  / r/liberalreality, 
  the jijstappo, 
  this is actually jij 's summer home in rome . 
  `` si '' in italian literally means `` fuck atheists , evolution is a lie and i want america to be run by kkkristians '', 
  ### more righteous . 
  i am . 
  long winded post about sinful nature . 
  holy of holies , self of self . 
  give me upvotes ye who are depraved butt bumpers !, 
  i did n't like the main character . 
  why did n't he fight back ? 
  he just took it like a pussy . 
  men should be strong and righteous , not taking any crap from anybody . 
  i use dreamweaver just because the auto complete features are so easy . 
  it 's lazy i know , but having the end tags complete makes things much faster . 
  i sometimes use notepad + + and have tried expression web but dreamweaver is what i 'm used to and the auto completion saves me time . 
  and before anyone asks no i do not use the design view . 
  i just f5 on firefox . 
  if someone had another decent windows code editor with decent auto complete i 'd start using it , but i still have n't found one . 
  [ meta ] ugh , you can have your bullshit theories but do n't try rewriting history . 
  le upvote for you good sir, 
  edit : downvotes . 
  really ? 
  i 'd love to go to italy too . 
  i had plans of writing a limoncello guide , also the history is just incredible . 
  i briefly attempted to learn italian but only remember hoe to count to 10 . 
  my french is average though , so i 'm sticking with that . 
  people that swear for no reason sound incredibly immature . 
  when a swearword is the only way of venting emotion or describing how you feel then they just sound ridiculous . 
  all 0.0000005 million that heard that recording, 
  it 's not genetic , can you link an article showing it is ? 
  i completely support gay rights but it 's several factors leading to it . 
  also sexuality is supposedly fluid not some fixed thingat bbirth . 
  it 's a whole lot better now that it 's self posts though . 
  got to give credit to the new mods . 
  this is probably the main teaching i disagree with on the catholic church . 
  i 'm protestant but i really apppreciate the sense of community belonging to the catholic church brings . 
  however condoms have major health benefits specifically in developing nations , and as a result of adapting to advances in sexual health the church is partially responsible for these diseases spreading . 
  this is true for most who follow religion but definitely not the case for all . 
  you know what else are atheist , cheese slices . 
  fucking fundies think they can go round making sandwiches ... ** do n't you realize you 're eating atheism ?? 
  i find that really interesting . 
  do you have a source about japans photography/privacy laws ? 
  it 's the language of the metasphere, 
  i 'm sure everyone would . 
  i think you would have to have a pretty cold heart to actually wish people suffer forever . 
  who said women ca n't preach ? 
  this is solid stuff !, 
  hey fundies , listen up now, 
  your god do n't real , i 'll tell you how, 
  what religion were your parents , is yours the same ? 
  that 's what we swedes and my atheist dad says . . checkmate, 
  hey here 's another point , for you to consider, 
  why do you have the same religion , as hitler ? 
  mmm ... profound , have i opened your mind ? 
  time to leave the phony gods behind !, 
  i 'm with you . 
  i love blood on the leaves , new slaves , black skinhead etc but a lot of the rest does n't hold up for me . 
  midnight city or anything by supertramp, 
  i like nigel ... 
  i do n't agree with his policies but he seems a nice enough guy , completely different to nick griffin, 
  i thought reddit hated the whole kony thing from the start . 
  all i remember was that it was a fundie charity and he 's in the drc , you ca n't do jack shit, 
  why did they even invite him ?
