  i was shocked and full of hate , but i know that i do n't want to do , a very small , can not be protected . '', 
  `` my first day in prison were terrible . 
  everything is managed and good control . 
  i work only at night , 10 hours , he had a little privacy . 
  after 1 week i just did n't manage the body and quarantine . 
  a few months ago . 
  2 . shit . 
  in a few months . 
  after the first month i started to vote in his head and another week later the emergence of large and powerful sound . 
  i had a conversation with him . '', 
  `` audio : escape . '', 
  `` me : how ? '', 
  `` audio : high . 
  was killed . '', 
  `` after the last sentence never hear again . 
  but it is not enough . 
  i know that my goal . 
  i was relatively weak helpless . 
  i could do something . '', 
  `` every time i come from isolation , said god and shit . 
  everything is isolated . 
  i was so at times , full of hate . 
  there is no natural light , only small cracks . 
  i spent the whole day , so i look at the performance of the cracks . 
  the light begins to crack , this day , this great success . 
  i think ... 
  very good . 
  i have , so it 's hard to believe that all the small things . 
  exercise 8 months that i was there . 
  exercises for 20 minutes and 1.5 hours of rest . 
  and repeat . 
  repeat the above steps . 
  `` after 8 months , i have a permanent residence permit . 
  surprised , i said god . 
  about 4 days , it was all security personnel . 
  on a day i started to wash your brain . 
  i thought insulating sank . 
  it 's just me stronger . '', 
  `` every time i go in the room , brainwashing , broken window appears . 
  first floor , room , so we are not too much damage . 
  how do i. 
  . . , but everywhere . 
  anywhere it means forest . 
  i walk the course , but how long it will last forests ? 
  i do not know . 
  wood 's freedom . 
  free is good . 
  so should i go in the woods . '', 
  `` one day , instead of 5 competitive guy and he went to the room , only 2 of the handyman . 
  so fantastic . 
  remain calm . 
  i know that it was my day out the window , i felt a little adrenaline in listed . 
  headlocked , the man quickly , while others kicked and tried to pull open the door at the end ... and then jump out the window ready headlocked . 
  falls , hot rolling and worse without incident . 
  i was running , running , running . 
  i hear voices , concerns , but it is exciting . 
  after about 4 km track and permanent residency permit is stopped . 
  you can safely . 
  it is beautiful . '', 
  `` i heard a cat !, 
  see how you proceed one ! . 
  my intuition and solution yellow car . '', 
  i would like to enter . '', 
  `` the man told me that he was surprised . 
  half an hour later , when i saw , i asked my story , but i 'm still afraid . 
  well , when i was a participant in the meeting ? 
  if you have one ? 
  i do not know . 
  now is the time to make a statement . 
  where should you go ? . 
  he said that in florida . 
  i came to florida for 15 years . 
  i am now 19 , never and never to speak with his parents . 
  i hate it really . 
  but then i realized that it is important to know about free will . 
  i grew up , fucking awesome aaaaand muscles . '', 
  `` thanks for reading ! ), 
  i really think after 4 years , i can share my story ... 
  i suffer from now on . '', 
  `` edit : thank you for your support !, 
  he is 4 years and running , so have a lot of time on your life and to find a job . 
  i am a pentester , programmer and speed skating athletes , but more than i '', 
  `` does anyone here and share your story ? 
  i think we can do is the book if you really want to for the prosecution of these prisons are all the stories ! '', 
  ** los angeles , california . 
  a shocking leaked report exclusive to / r/gotthescoop has surfaced from within consumer watchdog fata , with shocking allegations . 
  industry giants mcdonalds , burger king and wendys are all named as `` infiltrated '' corporations by the `` build-a-burger '' group . 
  the group , ( which for possibly titular reasons has exclusively focused on burger chains ) is injecting artificial chemicals into both the meat and cheese substances , increasing the fat content to dangerous levels for consumers . 
  this in turn caused the worldwide spike in obesity , since the group began operations in the 1970s . 
  tania dobleman from fata noted `` it 's sick . 
  absolutely sick what they 're doing . 
  however i 'm just glad we can get this out in the public . 
  the build-a-burgers ca n't fight the internet ! '', 
  fata 's official blog www.fatafastfoodtruth.info.wars has received several million page views since leaking the story , and the organization has had several thousand facebook likes from concerned mummy bloggers . 
  facebook user ` sarah townsend ( i love my bubby ) ' wrote `` how can i help get the word out ?? 
  can you send bumper stickers ?? 
  pls respond !!!! '', 
  and countless other comments on the page all point to a veritable fuss being kicked up . 
  `` it 's clear that this is the cause of the obesity epidemic . 
  corporations infiltrated from the inside by the nastiest of groups , seeking to make us all fat ! '',
