  greece itself as a mediterranean power was superceded by rome , who eventually conquered carthage to become the sole power of `` mare nostrum '' . 
  much of rome 's culture including its religious pantheon and ethical and philosophical groundings were rooted in the greeks . 
  this is why when historians refer to the origins of western civilization they will often use the term `` greco-roman civilization '' . 
  greek civilization played such a prominent role in shaping roman ethics and culture that the two became somewhat syncretic . 
  while rome certainly did not adopt democractic governance in the republic anywhere near the scale of athens , it did play an influence . 
  attic democracy was most influential in the renaissance , where there was something of a hellenic revival with the discovery of texts brought via the fleeing byzantine scholars & the ottomans . 
  it 's worth mentioning that hellenic culture was not alien to the italian peninsula or elsewhere in europe before being adopted and spread by rome . 
  the greeks themselves had their own colonies throughout europe , stretching from crimea to iberia and trading with the local tribes for food . 
  there is evidence that the etruscans and those living in latium were influenced by the greeks as well , before rome was founded . 
  for the greek colonies , source is cm bowra , classical greece . 
  according to this list the oldest continuously operating business is nishiyama onsen keiunkan hotel in japan . 
  it does n't take all members of a religion to carry out terror attacks to mean there are significant issues within the religion . 
  the number of active islamic extremists can only be counted in the hundreds of thousands worldwide but it does cause concern if there are is a significant portion of the faith that attempts to justify the attacks and sympathizes with them . 
  the thing people take offense at is the perceived justification of these attacks . 
  look at what happened after charlie hebdo from the moderate leaders of the european islamic communities . 
  they all `` condemned '' the actions , but there was a `` but '' attached . 
  `` but they should n't have provoked the prophet '' . 
  it was a half hearted apology at best . 
  likewise there will be many muslims on social media jumping to deny that `` their '' islam played no part in islamic extremism . 
  people do n't care whether it 's `` their islam '' or not . 
  they can see it 's motivated by islam , regardless of whatever others may say or however many people are actually carrying out the attacks . 
  would n't the vatican also qualify, 
  uk has excellent security forces though . 
  they would be prepared enough if they had to host it . 
  i do n't think any city would be jumping for the chance to host an event with only a few weeks preparation though . 
  i do n't know whether that holds much weight ... conspiracy theories never usually do . 
  they gave into public pressure for including the red peak design and yet that still did n't make the second round of voting . 
  it represents our origins , while a nondescript mountain certainly does n't . 
  no , it just shows how flimsy any public outcry can be , as it 's usually backed more by media soundbites than the majority public opinion . 
  the `` popular '' flag was added due to a loud minority and a campaign from the opposition party , yet did n't even come close to the preferred flag option . 
  the silent majority is a real phenomenon . 
  the only political aim of islamists is the establishment of a caliphate . 
  they want to see social change in the west and us conforming to their hardline interpretation of islam . 
  obviously this is simply non negotiable - both the political and social changes that they demand of us . 
  yes you 'll see plenty of anglican and buddhist extremists in the uk ... 
  stop pretending these problems are n't isolated to one religion . 
  you should fetch some uranium from the school science lab, 
  in regard to the abortion clinic violence yes it 's despicable , but i think you will surprised at the total numbers that took place across four decades do n't quite match up to the hyperbole from the guardian . 
  we are talking american protestantism of course , which is sort of exceptional in its weirdness . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're aware since your response focused entirely on christianity , but the myanmar violence is actually perpetrated by buddhists . 
  there is violence towards other minorities in myanmar too including christians in chin state . 
  i 'm not discounting that all religions have problems and can be prone to extremism , only that the problems we in the west face with religious extremism are skewed disproportionately towards islam , period . 
  while christianity and buddhism can be impacted by the negative cultural traits in the developing world , that violence stays isolated to the developing world and not in their communities in the west . 
  you do n't need to suck it off , but it would be rational to acknowledge that muslims have a much harder time assimilating into western culture than any other religious group . 
  the uk took in nigerian christians at the same time they took in pakistani muslims and indian hindu 's for a labour source . 
  there is a noticeable lack of assimilation amongst one of these religious and ethnic communities from the developing world in particular . 
  thanks love xx, 
  if you have an eu flag on your wall then you do believe in nationalism . 
  if you believe in the ideals of the european project , then you must believe in its ever closer movement towards federalism and a sovereign european nation . 
  i hope you fly the nipple flag of lgbt mammals , and not just the nipple flag of straight cis mammals . 
  within a small corner of brussels and strasbourg, 
  me in sixty years time tbqh, 
  the only deterrent needed against an invasion is a superior military . 
  the uk has a permanent base with fighters that could wipe out argentina 's ageing air force . 
  as for the uk encouraging settlement , there is n't the economy to support large scale immigration there . 
  uk citizens do n't have automatic right of abode , they need a job and visa lined up . 
  a lot of falkland islanders go study in the uk though . 
  white people were n't meant for hot temperatures . 
  go back to europe whitey , the only people who are `` racially suited '' for north america are native americans / s, 
  yes but it 's a natural construction named millions of years later . 
  cities are man-made and are given their name after their founding . 
  of all uk immigrant groups i would say the pole 's have some of the least tastiest cuisines around . 
  eastern europe in general is n't noted for good cuisine . 
  the sausages and pierogi are nice , but even english cuisine trumps polish cuisine . 
  i graduated from cpit last week . 
  they talked during the graudation ceremony that it was going to be cpit-aoraki , but there was no hint of this `` ara '' name . 
  and what an awful name it is . 
  do you believe that everyone deserves free speech and that the principle is superior than being arrested for insulting your political class ? 
  if so , then why should it not be encouraged for other countries ? 
  how you see ethics in your own country also determines how you view others . 
  if you think slavery is bad for the united states but it 's fine if mauritania does it , then you have to question why you think it should n't be allowed in the united states . 
  if you believe it 's `` wrong '' for the us , why should n't it be wrong for them ? 
  why is it that mauritania is so special that their culture should be immutable from change ? 
  every countries culture changes , there is no such thing as a static culture that needs preserving . 
  they do have a different culture and as you say we can not force them to abandon the practice , but why is it wrong to discourage people to stop practices we view as harmful ? 
  it 's the reason why the us 's relationship with saudi arabia is so often criticized . 
  the u.s is allies with a country whose laws are viewed as barbaric and disgusting by the us populace . 
  it not only affects the us 's moral standing in the world , but the majority of people in the us who do n't believe in cultural relativism to the degree you do , want to speak out against what they perceive as inequalities . 
  things do n't stop being ethical once you erect a border . 
  certain practices should be universally abhorred : murder , rape , domestic violence , banning certain religions , slavery etc. 
  because there 's no middle ground to the decision obviously . 
  when you go to the ballot box do you really expect to be able to pull a solomon and cut your paper in half , putting one in the leave box and one in the remain ? 
  it 's become polarized because it 's a partisan referendum, 
  we 're all compost eventually . 
  he just expedited the process . 
  really nice photoshop work, 
  emotion driven opinions are n't very convincing . 
  it honestly succeeds despite the concept . 
  when i heard rocket league was about a football match with cars it reminded me of something like goat simulator - a fun novelty that rests on a gimmick . 
  it 's the incredibly tight controls and gameplay , and it 's competitive setup that sells rocket league , not the concept . 
  why would it catch you off guard considering no other kingdom hearts title is on pc ? 
  [ hounslow is twinned with the following settlements around the world  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hounslow#twinning ), 
  ca n't make this shit up . 
  ( 1 ) is not an assumption , muslim birth rates simply are growing faster than the rest of the uk . 
  they will make up a more significant percentage of the population in the next few decades . 
  ( 2 ) already has signs of happening in the labour party with them [ attending gender segregated meetings ] ( http://www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/midlands-news/labour-defends-election-rally-men-9180321 ), 
  ( 3 ) has never happened in any muslim country on earth . 
  why do you think this will be the case , when it 's been proven 2nd and 3rd generation muslims are [ more religiously conservative than their parents ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html ), 
  right , but if you 're comparing over 55s of the same religious background then you 're comparing different circumstances .
