  the plane is n't atheist , science is n't fucking atheism !!!, 
  for all you know , all those kids could be christian . 
  but no , let 's paint religious people as terrorists and atheists as the happy chidren . 
  fuck you / r/atheism , this is the most blatant , most pathetic , biased bit of propoganda you 've ever shat onto the front page . 
  yes . 
  yes i do . 
  warphalange is the friend zone , christianity and console gaming combined, 
  it 's awful but the walmart one is more succinct . 
  your emphasis though ... eugh . 
  how can these people say this with a straight face ? 
  you sir , are an atheist and a scientist !!, 
  the one x is an amazing phone and i think most people acknowledge the screen is better , but the thing that really put me off it was the lack of external sd support . 
  i think for the average person , 16gb is probably enough , but i like having 30 gigs or so music on my phone , so i could n't switch from my note . 
  is it just me or do they seem to be becoming more and more of a parody everyday ? 
  this and that science vs religion with the happy children are two of the worst i 've seen this week . 
  do n't feel bad . 
  your grandpa 's decades of charity work was literally only because he thought god would punish him if he did n't do it . 
  when an atheist does charity work , we do it for ~ ~ karma ~ ~ love , not fear of a skydaddy . 
  dae its just a joke lololololol, 
  more like crack was available in the back shelf of the cupboard that everyone had in their homes . 
  i hope you feel proud insulting people from your mothers basement . 
  really showing the human spirit there, 
  maybe sanya if you want a really relaxing atmosphere . 
  i have n't been but i hear the beaches are nice there . 
  guilin would be another good spot , it 's meant to be stunningly beautiful . 
  about as logical as believing he 's an atheist, 
  i guess the `` chinese hawaii '' marketing got me then . 
  the pictures of the place look really nice though . 
  i guess there are more secluded beaches in hong kong that are probably nicer . 
  i 'm sick of the excuses too but you 're kind of being a dick about it . 
  i am also a 12 year old scientist and can confirm god is a lie, 
  yeah that 's right fundies . 
  i spend all day using logic on my computer ... i 'm practically a scientist for playing starcraft . 
  omg i put ` god is a lie sheeple ' as an interest and got no similar results !!, 
  fuck the fascistocracy, 
  have a look at this [ bravery ] ( http://imgur.com/lloy7 ), 
  did someone say pseudo intellectual bullshit ? 
   acceptance breeds true power . 
  a minority who is feared and hated has no power . 
  ignorance is the true leader of today 's usa . 
  you 'll love the ds . 
  check out / v/s recommended wikis game recommendations on the sidebar . 
  i 'd recommend getting a flashcart for 3ds as well so you can play whatever ds games you like . 
  the supercard dstwo has gba emulation which is pretty good , but you need to ` activate ' it on an older ds . 
  some of the shops online can activate for you . 
  then again , ds games are pretty cheap now , and you 'll get tons of gameplay out of pokemon and zelda . 
  probably because they 're not that popular . 
  though i read about one sony recently with a 13 megapixel camera . 
  oh come on . 
  lots of people still listen to radio . 
  crt monitors have a much smaller user base since they 've been easily eclipsed . 
  in my country data connections are n't fantastic and with limited phone space i like listening to the radio on my phone . 
  just because you do n't require a feature does n't mean other people do n't . 
  dwus anywody else tawk like thwis wen being bwave ? 
  too brave for you reverend !!, 
  liberal front hugging `` christians '' ... eugh . 
  what filth !, 
  `` secular living '' bro, 
  do it and post le rage comic for us scientists, 
  was that a face of circlejerk or an actual face of atheism ? 
  holy shit . 
  i took le red pill . 
  my eyes opened to the fundie machines , harvesting our minds and planting fairy tales . 
  i am alone and afraid , for only i know le truth . 
  praise le flying spagooti monster !, 
  ramen !!, 
  if timezones are what you 're concerned about ill happily put my name name forward . 
  i 'm a frequent lurker in gmt12 for the new zealand and australian members , and have noticed there are quite a few of them . 
  wonderful work on the abruptness of the phrase `` there is no god '' . 
  it stops the flow of the rest of the song so that even when fundies try to drown the phrase out , they ca n't, 
  smuggest thread i 've read in a while , though the op was pretty brave too . 
  `` i 'm a christian that likes everything you like too '' can we adjust the saganometer to maximum bravery ? 
  i 'm with you op . 
  i bought mine in silver in new zealand and love it . 
  i 'm sure within the next six months they will have released a limited edition bundle with different colours or brought out new colours for the system . 
  i thought / r/atheism could never surprise me with their circlejerking , but i guess not . 
  how can they upvote a post with `` skyfundie '' and `` bravery '' in the same sentence ... it just makes no sense . 
  incredible . 
  it 's moments like this we see a glimpse of what god intended for us to be . 
  actually it is allowing obama to be president . 
  he has torn america apart and is trying to destroy our faith !, 
  atheism by it 's nature is n't neutral at all . 
  it 's a good reason for the removal of / r/atheism as a default sub . 
  i pray this leads to some reform in freedom of religion in the area . 
  you truly are a hero for our times . 
  stay brave my friend . 
  i 'm sorry , i thought the joke was obvious . 
  why would a christian president do anything to demean christianity ? 
  i disagree . 
  do we have / r/android or / r/apple as defaults , or / r/linux and / r/windows , no we have / r/technology . 
  do we have / r/republican or / r/democrat as defaults , no we have / r/politics . 
  do we have / r/pcgaming or / r/xbox360 as defaults , no we have / r/gaming . 
  any board where there are clashes of personal preferences we have neutrality , except for / r/atheism . 
  it probably would n't worry me if the submissions or topics were interesting or challenging but in addition to not being neutral it has such a long history of mindless content that it has multiple boards specifically created to parody it . 
  that 's not what i believe should constitute a default sub . 
  even if you immediately get multiple downvotes for stating you 're a republican on / r/politics , at least it is n't labelled / r/democrats . 
  edit : can someone please explain why my argument is n't valid instead of just downvoting me . 
  if we had / r/christianity as a default i 'd be against it as well . 
  many members and lurkers of reddit are n't atheists and do n't want to have an atheist board forced upon them , unless they specifically create an account to unsubscribe from it . 
  many atheists also do n't want / r/atheism as a default either .
