  jesus came ` not to destroy , but to fulfil the law ' once something is fulfilled it is no longer needed , it has been completed . 
  the verse in the new testament ( an r/atheist or christian can help me out as to what book ) does seem to be relevant for most christians however . 
  i 've noticed that some christians claim that the verse when looked in a historical context , is as applicable as telling women to be quiet in church ( ie not at all ) homosexual relationships in israel tended to be what we 'd view as paedophilic . 
  there was n't really the loving same sex couple version of homosexuality that we have today . 
  so , yes they can use scripture to defend themselves . 
  whether or not their literal interpretation of it is right , is a different story . 
  no you 're really misunderstanding it , though i see where you 're coming from . 
  you need to understand that jesus was the mark of a christian , as christian means ` follower of christ ' . 
  we are n't the arbiter , christ is . 
  when we see someone like the wbc acting so unlike jesus taught , with hatred and bigotry , then we 're not exactly happy about it since they 're hypocrites according to what christ said . 
  it 's silly for people to say that they 're ` not true christians ' that is the scotsman fallacy , and besides nobody even knows whether they really do believe in god or not . 
  just because they say it with their mouth , does n't necessarily reflect what 's in their heart . 
  they 're not doing a good job of it according to jesus , not according to us , so we should leave the judgement to god . 
  hitler was a catholic yes , but his views on his religion were pretty distant to what he claimed . 
  `` christianity is a rebellion against natural law , a protest against nature . 
  taken to its logical extreme , christianity would mean the systematic cultivation of human failure . '', 
  `` it is christianity that is the liar . 
  it 's in perpetual conflict with itself '' - 1941, 
  `` christianity is a prototype of bolshevism : the mobilisation by the jew of the masses of slaves with the object of undermining society . '', 
  `` but christianity is an invention of sick brains : one could imagine nothing more senseless -- a negro with his taboos is crushingly superior to the human being who seriously believes in transubstantiation . '', 
  just ctrl + f in the wikiquote article and you 'll find many more . 
  it 's like if i said i was an atheist and then wrote about experiences with the divine in a diary , kinda hypocritical . 
  it does seem as though earlier in his life during the 20 's and early 30 's he was earnest about his faith , but by the late 30 's to the end of his life it seems he was thoroughly against it , in private at least . 
  as a christian i absolutely agree , there are no ` true ' christians . 
  the whole point of our faith is that we all sin , and need redemption . 
  however there are many hypocrites in our faith , who though we acknoledge them to be part of it obviously do a far worse job of it than others . 
  hitler kind of missed the ` new covenant , love thy neighbour ' memo and stuck to the ` old covenant , eye for an eye ' form . 
  please do n't tell me nazism was religious . 
  it was the bastard child of a religious symbolism and fascism , much more focused on the later . 
  hitler believed in the occult , used hindu symbolism and motivated his crowds with new crusade speeches . 
  there was no piety in fascism , only greed . 
  it 's pretty clear all he did was only for his personal interests and for his nations gains . 
  most hitler youths did n't visit or really know what went on in the camps , they were only told to round them up . 
  it 's an atheistic ideology , since it expressedly forbids any reference to the divine . 
  no freedom or practice of religion is allowed . 
  communism is n't atheism , but it 's the only belief system it enforces . 
  it 's kinda ironic you 're sarcastic post got more upvotes on worldnews than your honest one . 
  that 's right folks , israel is rounding palestinians up for gas showers . 
  they 're also putting arm bands on them , so to distinguish who 's israeli !, 
  stop the madness now !!!, 
  i 'm on my ipad , why ca n't i do this !!, 
  to any who are downvoting you islamic does n't mean that societies who have majority muslims are bad , but those who take a literal view of the koran and it 's laws are . 
  really good resource . 
  i 'll be reading some of the texts the article referenced too . 
  i had a few doubts after watching religulous as well as hearing the zeritgeist theories on the egyptian myths . 
  surely it could n't be so biblical ? 
  does mein kampf really reference christianity ? 
  i was reading on r/atheism , someone said there was n't really much at all in there . 
  this is on a board where the general trend is that hitler was a devout catholic, 
  i found that hilarious . 
  it 's like some atheist conspiracy theory that jesus is homosexual , but actually funny . 
  no way man i 'm hyped as hell !, 
  i 'm not so concerned about skyrim , but this and zelda are whats getting me through november, 
  atheists + 9000000000000, 
  theists negative 01010288q397428942q798427 !!!!!!, 
  give me skyrim bitch, 
  bitch, 
  give, 
  god that was awful . 
  i went with a friend who was actually into dbz . 
  my laughing came at the expense of his broken dreams . 
  itt 's refreshing to see a few atheists like yourself refuting the false theology some people are spouting . 
  mecrosis if you want to beat them , you need to know their game . 
  before i upvoted you , you had downvotes !, 
  i do believe in fairies , i do , i do !, 
  `` fucking fundies '', 
  `` no , fucking atheists '', 
  `` fucking fundies '', 
  `` no , fucking atheists '', 
  `` fucking fundies ! '', 
  `` no , fucking atheists !, 
  it was le best of times , it was le worst of times, 
  ron paul 2012 !, 
  despite all that 's been said about it , you 'll have a tough time finding verses that support stealing in the bible . 
  besides , ` render unto caesar ' commands respect for authority . 
  man , who would n't steal a two thousand year old bible ? 
  you 'd make a ton of money . 
  haha a holy book that 's holey , ur so original xd !, 
  definitely , though i honestly doubt that they ever will . 
  i 'm not meaning to be arrogant , but until technology has advanced us to a point where we can explore the entire universe ... actually heaven 's another realm so that idea does n't work . 
  \\ i would , but i do n't think it will ever be proven , just perhaps that we may have more evidence but we can not know for certain . 
  damn straight , mse/avast and malwarebytes are all free and all most computer users need for virus protection , and do a better job of it than norton . 
  all hail the google !, 
  all fear the google assassins !, 
  true , but at least they get to use the patent that ms owns . 
  if you use an apple patent , you 're in court . 
  no exceptions . 
  a tablet is without doubt the best pdf reader available , that 's one big advantage for me . 
  but yes , tablets are definitely for play rather than business use . 
  since you buy a 3rd party one with longer battery life, 
  i 've used an ipad quite a few times , and even though the button layout might be just as large , the feeling of pressing physical keys does make a difference . 
  on a laptop you know if you hit a wrong key , on a tablet you often do n't, 
  put windows on your mac , it 's really the best option, 
  they 're just generally renowned for being very bad value , e.g avast would do as good a job if not better and it 's free . 
  also a lot of people dislike it since it 's typical ` bloatware ' bundled with laptops , you 're given a months trial and then expected to pay a large sum every year . 
  this dupes the beginner users into thinking they need it , when they should just bundle them with a free version . 
  also high detection of false positives ( from pirated and non pirated software ) which also is n't good for a beginner user . 
  personally if you 're going for a paid antivirus , i 'd recommend nod32 though the average user does n't need a paid antivirus at all , which is why it 's silly to bundle it with new computers ... of course not silly for the pc manufacturers that get a profit share . 
  it 's usually just a teen maori/maori guy thing . 
  most guys in new zealand can fake it if you ask them to,
