  do you have a source for that ? 
  the one region where laicite is n't enforced is alsace lorraine , as it used to be part of germany . 
  there you have a religious influence in schools . 
  that does n't dispute his point . 
  the us pledge of allegiance is deist in nature , it does n't specify which god if any . 
  jews , christians , muslims , sikhs and anyone who is n't an atheist can happily say the pledge . 
  czech republic is more atheist than sweden if i remember properly . 
  i believe you and estonia have the highest rate of non believers in europe . 
  do n't you have headphones ? 
  the music is playing so loud on mine with bluetooth headphones that i never hear anyone . 
  if you 're running fast enough you wo n't notice the world around you anyways . 
  who does that exclude other than atheists ? 
  if you believe in a god then i see know reason as to why you could n't say the pledge , other than for your personal political objections towards it . 
  well there 's nothing wrong with new worlders being proud of their heritage , if you are actually largely english , italian , french etc. 
  a lot of americans visit the hometowns of their ancestors when they go over to europe . 
  i am from new zealand and visited a little town in cornwall where some of my ancestors came from the last time i was in the uk , since i 'm almost entirely british by ancestry . 
  many americans however are a large mix of ethnicities , so it makes little sense to be proud of your `` english roots '' if you 're only 1/16th english for example . 
  however to get your sole identity from your ethnicity and judge others based on it , when you 've never even been to the home of your ethnic brethren , then it starts getting ridiculously stupid . 
  most of your `` co-europeans '' do n't give a toss about you . 
  they 're busy with their own lives, 
  the implication by the insult is that similarly to how one can be sexually humiliated and take pleasure from it by a person of dominant sexual virility , those who believe in progressive or racially tolerant views are taking pleasure from being ethnically conquered/dominated by those from other races . 
  it 's childish and stupid , but that 's their reasoning . 
  is n't a `` no go zone '' just hyperbole for more crime ridden areas . 
  i do n't think there 's any place in the first world that you definitely ca n't visit , just sketchy areas like in most major cities . 
  how does that work ? 
  if you 're unsure of your belief , as in you do not waver towards one camp or the other , then you 're an agnostic . 
  if you do n't believe in god ( as in you 're sure he does n't exist ) then by definition you are an atheist . 
  i do n't know if you 're talking about specific minor strands of buddhism for example where being an atheist is okay , but in these religious examples you would be classified as an atheist buddhist . 
  have you watched the other ending on youtube ? 
  i 'm certain the designers intended for you to make the other choice and the cutscene in the other choice really wrapped the game up well . 
  all the time chloe was convincing you to make the other choice as well ... 
  i just completed it tonight , but i played it over the course of two weeks . 
  it would definitely have been worse playing it as an episodic release . 
  it 's because it clearly was n't the ending the developers intended you to choose . 
  the money would not have been wasted if the designs on offer were any good . 
  none of the final four were any better aesthetically than our current flag , and its inevitable that it wo n't change now . 
  oh sorry , it was originally going to be four before red peak was added . 
  yes i did vote and selected the blue one as my preferred choice , but none of them were better than the current flag imo . 
  the problem is that the `` very different audience '' of japanophiles and jrpg fans is a minority as sales figures will testify . 
  i 'm all for light rail . 
  it 's a shame we abandoned the south island rail network to dunedin and invercargill in the early 2000s . 
  trains are much better than buses in every way bar the cost . 
  well there is actually . 
  it 's not mandated but it 's inspired by the last supper , which is very much in the bible . 
  there 's literally nothing about the niqab in the quran so the comparison is n't quite accurate . 
  those `` many '' people would be the most conservative and backwards protestant sects allowed . 
  every major denomination recognizes the catholic church as christian - i mean they were the very first church around . 
  those are some interesting similarities . 
  the obvious difference is islam though - people underestimate how much the religion shapes the culture . 
  one example is that turks and former ottoman countries place a much greater emphasis on cleanliness than western europe , which comes specifically from the hygeinic requirements listed in the quran . 
  likewise the holidays and cultural festivals in turkey reflect islam and in america reflect christianity . 
  i believe you 'd be referring to western and northern europeans by your generalization that europeans are more reserved . 
  southern europeans like iberians , greeks , maltese and italians are much more open to foreigners and retain more importance of the family unit than northern europeans . 
  eastern europeans have a completely different attitude than northern europeans as well , so it 's hard to really be accurate when you 're generalizing a whole continent . 
  interesting observations nonetheless . 
  it 's not up to australia to dictate who becomes king of the commonwealth though . 
  it 's just a difference in name . 
  the title of king of the commonwealth and all the territories it encompasses , is always the same as the king of england . 
  will seems a nice enough guy though and he 's had years in the public eye already . 
  i 'm sure he 'll make a decent king . 
  says the edgy quebecois atheist complaining about having a ceremonial monarch that has no influence on your life . 
  edinburgh and newcastle are actually pretty nice . 
  they even managed to gentrify glasgow too . 
  birmingham has the reputation as one of the uks worst cities for good reason though . 
  the comments about `` the free people of the americans do n't need no king or queen '' are so misinformed it 's hilarious . 
  as if voluntary association in the commonwealth is some kind of oppression . 
  my comment is n't `` edgy '' it 's truthful . 
  you 're the one throwing around character accusations and calling people butt-hurt . 
  your life is not affected at all by having the queen as the head of state . 
  if you could point out how it is , i 'd happily change my mind . 
  i 'm sorry for mistaking you as quebecois though . 
  there is a fairly sizable link to republicanism amongst them . 
  perhaps he still needs to reside in the uk for business purposes . 
  and a move across in the country is always simpler than moving overseas . 
  let 's be honest - none of the people complaining about immigration would care if it 's from the anglosphere . 
  in fact , it 's probably the only kind of immigration they would actually want . 
  the list of commonwealth realms ( those who have the queen as head of state ) is much shorter . 
  outside of white british colonies , the only other countries are pacific and caribbean islands with fairly low population counts . 
  even if some form of free movement was extended to them as well as australia , canada and us , it likely would n't be that unpopular, 
  it would be much harder for unskilled jamaicans to afford a flight to the uk than it is for unskilled pole 's to drive across currently . 
  not true . 
  smash , mario kart and all big multiplayer titles use wii motes . 
  the only one i 'm aware of that you need a gamepad for is cod, 
  the thing is , talking about how you would be okay if goods cost more is a moot point . 
  you have the choice already . 
  you can already buy high quality clothing from italian or british fashion houses . 
  you can buy german made appliances for three times the cost , or $ 2000 hp elitebooks or mac pros assembled in the us . 
  you have the choice already as a consumer , but as others have said it means buying a lot less and being more selective in your purchasing . 
  you can be sure that most of the goods with a `` lifetime warranty '' will not be made in china . 
  the market always responds to demand . 
  if consumers collectively bought high quality western goods in droves , you can be assured that more factories and more jobs would open in the west . 
  you mean you 'd pegg it as being a good film ? 
  jesus christ you have issues . 
  that 's the most jewish movie i can think of . 
  this is pretty wildly inaccurate . 
  well they did put him in prison . 
  your actions in a virtual world do not represent your actions in reality . 
  there is nothing sinful in fictional depictions of magic . 
  what matters in a virtual context is the type of content you 're consuming . 
  even if you do n't play the game , looking at a hentai or virtual sex simulator would be far more harmful , as you 're consuming sexually charged content .
