  \\  not having a gay atheist threesome with a wii u , ps4 and a gaming rig, 
  praise duarte for our holo defender !, 
  only an isheep would be depraved enough to launch that abortion of a homescreen . 
  i suggest you destroy your phone now , you ca n't erase that sight from your eyes . 
  / r/cringe is / r/lame half the time, 
  it 's distasteful i 'd say , but it 's not that cringeworthy . 
  people cope with death differently , but it 's not the kind of thing i 'd share on social media . 
  ### trigger warning, 
  an inspiration to all of us . 
  he may not have his quotes written in a book , but his quotes are written in my lard clogged heart . 
  sorry , i meant `` a better experience for gamers , on linux * moat gamers are n't going to benefit from using steam on linux as there 's not really much improvement . 
  in fact with fewer games its less of an incentive, 
  using pravda as a news source ? 
  really ? 
  i would suggest either tagging posts [ theology ] or perhaps having a weekly/daily/whatever radical action thread , where users can share advice on how to better the world around them and show christ 's ministry in action . 
  in which abstergosupplier gets an upvote from me , since i agree this is a current trend on reddit . 
  you should come to / r/liberalreality . 
  we could use your logic there . 
  ##### bravest shit i 've ever seen . 
  also , pls upron to the left . 
  1 upron = 1 ron paul vote in the ballet box !, 
  omg a le 90s rap song !, 
  i think i may know another , here goes ... 
  when baptised in the crib ma, 
  drop it like it 's brave, 
  drop it like it 's brave, 
  drop it like it 's brave, 
  when ya parents try to get at ya, 
  argue like it 's brave, 
  argue like it 's brave, 
  argue like it 's brave, 
  and if a fundie get a attitude, 
  facebook like it 's brave, 
  facebook like it 's brave, 
  facebook like it 's brave, 
  i got the dawkins on my arm and i 'm pouring m.dew all around, 
  and i feel euphoric cause i got it going on, 
  i 'm a moral dude , with some nice thoughts, 
  see these thick books , see this direct source ? 
  eternal bachelor , million bill nye quotes ,, 
  there 's more than the hair on your throat, 
  fedora , exterior like sweat stain, 
  the interior stinks so much you feel pain, 
  i ca n't exercise , nor can i do phys . 
  get pissed off at wal-mart , that 's how you feel less shame-ed, 
  killer wit the dew , i know moderators too ,, 
  wit the quotes that 'll make you rage like lions at the zoo, 
  so do n't try to run up on my ear talking all that ad strawman shit, 
  trying to confuse me shit, 
  when my atheistz fill ya vest they ai n't gon pass me shit, 
  you should think about it , take a second, 
  matter fact , you should take four b, 
  and think before you fuck wit lil atheist me . 
  when baptised in the crib ma, 
  drop it like it 's brave, 
  drop it like it 's brave, 
  drop it like it 's brave, 
  when ya parents try to get at ya, 
  argue like it 's brave, 
  argue like it 's brave, 
  argue like it 's brave, 
  and if a fundie get a attitude, 
  facebook like it 's brave, 
  facebook like it 's brave, 
  facebook like it 's brave, 
  i got the dawkins on my arm and i 'm pouring m.dew all around, 
  and i feel euphoric cause i got it going on, 
  i 'm atheist , but y' all knew that, 
  da big f-book rant , yeah i had to do that, 
  i keep a hawaiian shirt hanging out my backside, 
  but only on the right side , ( sif dat 's the christ side ), 
  ai n't no other way to play the game the way i play, 
  i cut so much logic you thought i was neil degrass-a, 
  [ scratches ] `` two ! '', 
  - `` one ! '', 
  - `` yep , three ! '', 
  i ca n't fake it , just break it , and when i take it, 
  see i specialize in making all my grandparents cray-cray, 
  so bring your friends , all of y' all come inside, 
  we got a world premiere fundie-rant , now get live !, 
  so do n't change the dizzle , turn it up a little, 
  i got a parents ' basement full of fine dime fedorizzles, 
  waiting on the pizzle , the dizzle and the shizzle, 
  atheists to the bizzack , now fundies here we gizzo, 
  this is a sub dedicated to the appreciation of upvotes . 
  i understand you 're not a conoisseur , but as a swede i feel it 's necesssary to start this sub . 
   `` faith in humanity '', 
   `` faith '', 
  yes , good sir !, 
  a place for us to appreciate the concept . 
  that is why we 're an upvote society . 
  if you value karma i suggest you join !, 
  sorry to be that guy , but it 's `` hijinks '' . 
  looks like a cool show though . 
  it 's possible they release a goty edition with all dlc etc for next gen , but there 's more than enough people who will be playing it on ps3/360, 
  it 's only at least a year after the next gen releases that the consoles become irrelevant . 
  piracy usually means more sales on console ? 
  please provide some proof , i do n't believe that 's the case at all . 
  i 'd highly suggest playing the gamecube version if you were going to replay it . 
  the control scheme is just so much better .
