  this mod http://www.reddit.com/user/kwangqengelele seems to be exclusively involved in / r/reporthespammers though , even reporting several accounts themselves . 
  surely he would have noticed if the mod team themselves were pushing spam ? 
  and lol / u/maxwellhill is quite the dedicated atheist evangelist, 
  yeah , the recent ones have all been deleted, 
  good to hear , but please can we not use this as a news source ? 
   no background-color : holo ;, 
  do you know how much money i have . 
  all i get is a measly allowance from my fundie mom every week . 
  that 's barely enough to pay for my essentials :, 
  my dew , doritos , hot pockets , lubricant and porn subscription . 
  not to mention the cost of the five indie games i buy on steam every week and subscription to american atheist magazine . 
  do you really think i could afford to donate ? 
  even if it 's to show up the fundies . 
  back on the mothership we upvoted to donate . 
  surely with enough upvotes we can get someone to donate for us . 
  hold up fundie , no true irishman fallacy amirite ? 
  wtf at the downvotes . 
  clearly the jidf ( jij internet defence force ) wants our maymays silenced , even here . 
  i do n't know why anyone would bother . 
  they 're probably the easiest things to pick up with chopsticks . 
  i was looking at travel in china recently . 
  solo travel to tibet is impossible , you need to go as part of a registered tour group . 
  i think it 's because they 're self proclaimed communists/marxists , even though in practice they are n't . 
  it 's something like 0.001 cents per play, 
  if i cud get my weed thru the internet i wud 2 . 
  what 's wrong with . m4a ? 
  it plays on every device . 
  i see u read ma homie james joyce, 
  well last year they confirmed it was in development . 
  you 'll probably see it 2015, 
  i think with the success of the new rayman games you will . 
  also this article is hopeful, 
  do you even knock , m8 ? 
  you can go to the release data section of a game on gamefaqs , and it has them, 
  e.g http://www.gamefaqs.com/xbox360/634491-grand-theft-auto-v/data, 
  i 'm from new zealand and i wore dc 's and jeans all the time which is fashionable enough . 
  athletic shoes and jeans are n't fashionable , but nobody would give you weird looks or anything unless you 're at a party or formalish event . 
  `` athletic '' means running shoes now . 
  vans/dcs are skate shoes , even if they 're technically `` athletic '' , it 's not what they were referring to . 
  i think it 's the white new balances in particular that are the definitive 90s nerd shoes, 
  stubbies were very much a thing of the 70s , you wo n't find anyone wearing them now . 
  you find a lot of guys will wear shorts in summer here , but nothing that short anymore . 
  also the average person wearing them was likely to be an alcoholic with a potbelly , just saying, 
  what ? 
  the whole point of the song is about how being rich does n't make you happy or content . 
  `` that kind of luxe just aint for us '', 
  '' and everyone who knows us knows that we 're fine with this ,, 
  we did n't come from money . '', 
  pretty much any online shooter has its fair share of dickheads , regardless of whether it 's on console or not . 
  the important thing for them is that it meets the console requirements . . 
  i use www.namecheap.com which are good for the price . 
  also hostgator is meant to be decent as well, 
  that may be true , however peoples opinions are less likely to be swayed if you treat them meanly , regardless of what the subject is . 
  not to mention calling someone 's religion a load of bs accomplishes nothing but masturbating your ego . 
  as an automobile engineer ( read : an automobile atheist ) i can confirm this . 
  the 60/20gig fat us models and the 60 gig fat pal models had full ps2/ps1 backwards compatibility . 
  the 80gig fat models ( in the us ) had decent backwards compatibility for ps2/ps1 games . 
  all newer models have no ps2 backwards compatibility , but have partial ps1 backwards comparability ( they 'll play ps1 games , but there may be errors as it 's emulation ), 
  the only way to play ps2 games is to download them off the psn store , and the newer ps3 's will emulate them . 
  most of the biggest ps2 series have hd collections , so it 's better to get those . 
  yeah , facebook 's getting shut down !, 
  thankfully it was downvoted . 
  though five minutes after posting it , i got [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xoirkzy.jpg ), 
  first / r/atheism now / r/politics ? 
  such oppression . 
  that 's pusheen my brave button, 
  #### gold jerry , gold eh ? 
  evernote - if you have n't used it give it a try . 
  i used to keep several word documents for lists/jotting down ideas . 
  evernote means it 's all organized and i can access my information wherever i am , on my phone , through a browser at an airport/wherever ,, 
  [ folder size ] ( http://www.mindgems.com/products/folder-size/folder-size.html ) - i honestly ca n't recommend this enough . 
  it 's great for sorting through external hard drives . 
  if you 've no idea what 's taking up the most space on your hard drive it scans it , and gives a graphical representation/percentage so you can easily see what are the space hogging files . 
  if 90 % of grandmas everywhere were on ie 9/10 things would be fine . 
  i forgot i even had prey installed !, 
  it 's great because it 's on every device - laptop + smartphone . 
  [ folder size ] ( http://www.mindgems.com/products/folder-size/folder-size.html ) does the same , but puts it into nicer looking pie charts + a cleaner interface, 
  i wish vlc had an explorer context menu for playlists like win media player . 
  you can also ubuntu side by side with windows easily , without formatting your hard drive . 
  it 's worth a try to see if you like it . 
  i donated one upvote . 
  we can do it reddit !, 
  you need to upvote me . 
  i 'm public director of masturbatory slacktivism at nasa, 
  `` dragondestiny '' is pretty telling ... 
  it 's faster - evernote is built for primarily just text . 
  google docs/drive is fine , but it 's like storing individual word documents in the cloud . 
  evernote has word processing functionality , but it 's built for quick and easy text delivery so it 's better for searching and quicker to access . 
  also the client on windows is great . 
  the only rival is onenote really . 
  the only time i had an issue was going overseas and changing the sim card , i kept getting stolen reports . 
  i needed to log in and note my phone had n't been stolen . 
  other than that its never been an issue . 
  in terms of ancient figures , there are actually more sources than usual . 
  lucian and mara bar-sapion and the talmud all make reference to jesus , and not in a positive manner either by the second century at the latest . 
  considering the romans and jews viewed him nothing more than an apocalyptic nutjob until christianity spread wider , 5 different references within that space of time is more than enough to convince mainstream historians he did exist . 
  that 's not true . 
  one of josephus 's passages was found to be edited , the other was not . 
  there are also at least five references to christ by the second century , far more than usual for an ancient figure of his limited importance at the time . 
  ie8 is the last one that does n't really conform to web standards .
