  with digital goods copies of ebooks taken from amazon , music taken from itunes etc are all going to be the same quality . 
  i personally have n't seen that but if you can give me some examples then i 'd reconsider nominating him . 
  in my experience he 's one of the most reasonable mods on reddit, 
  i personally find it an outdated custom as well and everyone 's free to choose to not say it . 
  however being against it merely because of its religious connection like the rathesists do is plain stupid, 
  i do n't think that was the intention , even though there 's plenty of racism to be found on reddit . 
  swedes and northern europeans are some of the most notorious sunbed and fake tan users in the world . 
  getting a fake tan does n't give you dark ( read black ) skin that the racists would care about , so i do n't think he 's trying to stop them getting a tan for reasons based on race or skin colour but as positive reinforcement that they should accept their bodies the way they are . 
  because having tanned skin is so not the western ideal right ? 
  that 's just plain stupid . 
  programming deserves to be a basic skill as much as sewing should . 
  i mean basic ict skills and knowledge sure but programming ? 
  i think that 's more of a specialized field myself . 
  i think limiting the rights of people who believe in something that does n't harm others is disturbing . 
  if these people were in power it would be something they would be advocating . 
  of course i respect their rights to say that but i believe the majority of people would find limiting the rights of religious minorities disturbing if they are n't harming others . 
  that has to be a joke right ? 
  i mean the firefly part ... 
  i think there are many legitimate criticisms of your board but the hypocricy of the / r/fucksrs crowd or whatever boards they frequent is pretty ridiculous . 
  calling srs a massive downvote brigade/killjoy and doing the same thing when srs is mentioned anywhere . 
  if they do n't like us it means we 're right . 
  legitimate criticism ? 
  yeah , that 's what we do . 
  why are n't you an atheist ? 
  praise sagan for the logic lives today !, 
  you are so brave fellow child of reason so do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . 
  in our lifetime religion can and will be destroyed thanks to faithsmashing ^ tm efforts like yours . 
  i 'm going to go and raid the christianity page on facebook now in your honour . 
  my / r/atheism trolling that somehow those brave scientists took seriously . 
  this was in response to a cliched `` imagine no religion '' picture with the world trade centre intact . 
  i 'd like to nominate / r/hongkong . 
  no memes , non informative posts are downvoted and anyone asking questions is helped . 
  really good local subreddit . 
  pfft . 
  he might have a bunch of real phones but my imaginary nexus is the best nexus, 
  ii agree it has little game play but does that make it a bad game ? 
  it had one of the best soundtracks and stories of any games i played . 
  it was different sure but i personally would n't call it bad, 
  me and my friends rented the bouncer on ps2 which was a beat em up made by square . 
  the story and main game sacked but we had a lot of fun with the multi player, 
  i agree game play is important but i think it 's other qualities made up for its lack of game play . 
  it got very positive reviews and the majority of gaming sites would consider it a `` good game * . 
  i agree with you that they could have just made it into a movie but it had game play so is still technically a game, 
  in other news the pope is a catholic ... i mean did we even need proof ? 
  i 've been claiming this for years and still got upvotes . 
  what matters is that we know its true . 
  they 're wrong too but there 's enough support on this site for anti theists that they can get upvoted . 
  those that think `` all theists of all religions are illogical idiots '' are idiots as well . 
  i think being anti-anti-theist ( so meta ) is a good position and many atheists hold this as well but being anti-atheist is stupid because they can often be very reasonable, 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw grant and jess down at the dairy the other day . 
  must of been them , ca n't have been any of the other 4 million plus ... seriously if you set a date , time , location etc people might be willing to help . 
  this is pretty much the same as going to / r/california and saying `` i 've got a couple friends in california and would love for you guys to throw a party for them '', 
  tl ; dr give us the info and we may be able to help, 
  palestinians also have freedom of speech, 
  this is comment of the year without a doubt, 
  that was the bravest thing i 've ever seen . 
  so i was standing in a rather large line at my local wal-mart today behind a couple families that i know from when i went to church with my family in year younger . 
  it was the only register open so there was n't much of another option to get my 12 pack of mountain dew for a party i was heading to . 
  i was wondering why the line was going nowhere when i decided to poke my head up front to see what the holdup was . 
  it was a little old lady who did n't have enough for her groceries and she was trying to talk the cashier into letting her get away with being short . 
  this struck me as odd until i found out she was a mere $ 0.21 short of her purchase . 
  now all these families were just staring and there was even two making fun of her . 
  i walked up and handed my soda to the cashier , handed him a $ 5 and told her to keep the change . 
  one of the middle aged women ( i knew these people , so i also knew that they all make over 6 digits ) grabbed her kid and yelled very loudly , `` see that man ? 
  he 's acting just like jesus wants us to . '', 
  for some reason this set me off , so i turned around . 
  i have n't shaved in awhile so i 'm rocking some nice scruff , a slayer shirt , and gym shorts , so it must have been a nice sight . 
  very loudly , i said `` like jesus ? 
  ma'am i 'm an atheist who makes minimum wage and i was the one who stepped up to help her ? 
  your hypocritical christianity is an inspiration to us all . '', 
  as i stormed out , a couple of the cart boys started to whistle and cheer , soon shoppers joined in and even the cashier . 
  i gave a wave and went off with a feeling of accomplishment . 
  so i was standing in a rather large line at my local wal-mart today behind a couple families that i know from when i went to church with my family in year younger . 
  it was the only register open so there was n't much of another option to get my 12 pack of mountain dew for a party i was heading to . 
  i was wondering why the line was going nowhere when i decided to poke my head up front to see what the holdup was . 
  it was a little old lady who did n't have enough for her groceries and she was trying to talk the cashier into letting her get away with being short . 
  this struck me as odd until i found out she was a mere $ 0.21 short of her purchase . 
  now all these families were just staring and there was even two making fun of her . 
  i walked up and handed my soda to the cashier , handed him a $ 5 and told her to keep the change . 
  one of the middle aged women ( i knew these people , so i also knew that they all make over 6 digits ) grabbed her kid and yelled very loudly , `` see that man ? 
  he 's acting just like jesus wants us to . '', 
  for some reason this set me off , so i turned around . 
  i have n't shaved in awhile so i 'm rocking some nice scruff , a slayer shirt , and gym shorts , so it must have been a nice sight . 
  very loudly , i said `` like jesus ? 
  ma'am i 'm an atheist who makes minimum wage and i was the one who stepped up to help her ? 
  your hypocritical christianity is an inspiration to us all . '', 
  as i stormed out , a couple of the cart boys started to whistle and cheer , soon shoppers joined in and even the cashier . 
  i gave a wave and went off with a feeling of accomplishment . 
  #### i 'm sick of these sagan damn fundie apologists in this sagan damn godless subrediit !!!!, 
  i think they admire his determination ? 
  lately he 's been getting lots of downvotes though . 
  ring the godless bells !!!!, 
  it `` s a ** full scale fundie invasion **, 
  [ that guy just ca n't admit when he 's wrong ... he claims people ca n't handle his `` vitirol '' when in reality swapping `` vitirol '' with `` repeated stupidity '' works much better ] ( / ooc ), 
  ama request . 
  the lone brave soul upvoting ntp towards the end of the argument, 
  uguu , y u no liek my facebook page :3, 
  gem level : this, 
  what 's ytknows 's current username ? 
  buy from ozgameshop.com .
