  you outlawed them from the universities , or any teaching careers , besmirched their reputations , banned or burned their books or their writings of any kind , drove them into exile , humiliated them , seized their properties , arrested them for blasphemy . 
  you dehumanized them with beatings and exquisite torture , gouged out their eyes , slit their tongues , stretched , crushed , or broke their limbs , tore off their breasts if they were a woman , crushed their scrotums of they were men , imprisoned them , stabbed them , disemboweled them , hung them , burnt them alive . 
  and you have the nerve enough to complain to me that i laugh at you . '', 
  believe me , you are not the first scientist to undergo persecution . 
  i 'll be thinking of you when communicating to lord sagan, 
  thank you for being brave and standing up to the oppression we face . 
  sagan smiles on you this day brother . 
  dae activision made by fundies ? 
  i think the reason you 're getting such harsh defense of buying the game is that the pc is often an overlooked platform . 
  its been only recently with the growth of steam that we 're getting most of the console releases and since it 's so easy to to pirate , developers still overlook the platform . 
  if you asked the question in reverse `` if i bought a game on pc and want to pirate it on my jtagged 360 or modded ps3 '' then i 'm sure you 'd get more support . 
  except the official chinese figures ... 
  i think you 'd be hard pressed to describe paid for sexual voyeurism as romance . 
  might as well just request / r/atheism, 
  fuck you jesus , fuck you !!!, 
  i will not listen to your book of lies !!!!!! '', 
  have you considered looking at viber ? 
  it 's on all phone platforms and if you could convince your friends to move to that , then you could message them or phone them via that for free . 
  `` it was tough doing that photoshoot . 
  i could hear the fundies at the door , screaming . 
  `` crucify him !, 
  the atheist insulted our lord '' a bullet fired at the window , shattering the glass . 
  still i heard the chants, 
  `` crucify him !, 
  he insulted our faith ! '', 
  as i slanted my arms as a cross , i heard their chants growing louder and louder, 
  `` strong then kill !, 
  strong then kill !, 
  strong then kill ! '', 
  the doors flung open and the fundies came in from all sides . 
  their illogic was so strong it temporarily broke the laws of phsyics , and the walls were smashed by their fundie punches . 
  they had already murdered the photographer , but i swung at the man with his camera and ran out of the building . 
  on the staircase was another fundie , his eyes lifeless and his mouth dripping with saliva . 
  `` in the name of dawkins , be gone ! '', 
  i roundhouse kicked the fundie down the stairs , shattering his skull on the step . 
  i ran outside into the oppressive london wind . 
  i hailed a cab and headed back to my appartment . 
  only after so much suffering could i upload these pictures for the world to see . '', 
  i take it you have n't heard of the lieble belt !, 
  the fundies try their best to hide the attrocities that take place every single day . 
  yesterday two atheists were lynched for their disbeliefs . 
  no atheist can share a classroom with a fundie and atheists have their own designated cheap seats on the bus . 
  do n't you dare tell me we are n't oppressed , you 're as bad as those who think jesus ever lived . 
  i think unless microsoft experience massive losses it 's going to do well . 
  vista only lasted a few years due to vista 2.0 ( win 7 ) launching . 
  it was n't enough time for vista to establish market dominance and because of the complaints people stuck with xp . 
  if however vista had a 5 year gap then i think it would have overtaken xp . 
  i think users will take to it on laptops , since they 're all coming out with touch screens . 
  it 's different but i think once people get used to it they 'll like it . 
  if it had some atheist activism or even a gay marriage i 'd understand but it 's just pictures of the place !, 
  how is this even * secular living * ? 
  does he even lift ? 
  he 's the high prophet of reason . 
  in communication with lord sagan himself on the interwebz, 
  i believe it 's almost 50/50 with atheists having a slight lead in numbers last poll we took . 
  the thing is ... 
  anyone can make fun of r/atheists because their arguments and persecution complexes are hilarious . 
  even if you agree with their views , the way they try to promote them is hilariously terrible/brave, 
  no . . they pick out bits from that too . 
  they adopted the ridiculousness of `` thank science ! '', 
  for a while, 
  go for a lumia 920 i reckon . 
  more like the iphone if she wants an easier to use system . 
  i think you 're a bit misguided about the app situation . 
  last i heard for wp8 there will be 200,000 apps by launch day - at least for the lumia 920 . 
  the other thing is that the thousands of apps being developed for windows 8 are all easily portable to windows phone 8 as they share the same kernel . 
  personally until wp8 has a file browser i wo n't be switching , but the lumia 920 and new devices coming out all look incredible . 
  and the os runs so much faster than ics or any other android release . 
  the app situation is definitely improving . 
  microsoft have a smart strategy with windows 8 + windows phone 8 app portability . 
  way more interesting than ios . 
  i think the design is nicer than any stock phone platform released . 
  cm10 and other custom android designs look nice but they 've got a beautiful thing going with a consistent design language . 
  have a play round with a lumia 900 or the 920 when it 's released at your phone store . 
  it 's a really impressive ui, 
  as a lot of the comments said they really needed to get rid of the desktop mode on rt. 
  having to even go into it really ruins the flow of things . 
  they should have created a complete metro office app and file system and then every program would stay in the same interface . . 
  since it is only a tablet version of the os it would have made a lot of sense, 
  hahaha they said the same thing when vista failed . 
  we 're so dependant on windows unless microsoft stop creating the system enterprise and game devs are n't going to switch . 
  ** if you do n't like it fundie , then unsubsribe !!!, 
  i think for wp8 you 'll see gba soon at least . 
  he does n't `` betray the son of man '' by offering criticism, 
  if you think only christians can hate / r/atheism then you 're very misguided, 
  what a surprise that you 're a regular poster on / r/atheism ... 
  but why do n't we start a social network to rally our existing comrades in cuba , north korea and china ? 
  surely the chinese people will be joyously joining this new network to eliminate the bourgeois sickness in the west !, 
  and le logic and reason !, 
  excuse me ? 
  by not capitalizing god we are literally breaking the chains of fundie influence on our language !, 
  why should god deserve a capital letter , only sagan and atheism deserve the scientific honour of a capital letter . 
  nobody uses the traditional meaning of `` fundamentalist '' anymore since it 's actually not that bad a thing . 
  however the modern useage refers to excessive fundamentalism , unwillingness to consider different viewpoints and shove their own down others throats . 
  i personally disagree with joel osteen but my mother is a huge fan . 
  i actually went to his church in houston with her when we were in the states years ago . 
  i do n't think he 's `` heretical '' i just think his interpretation is a bit misguided . 
  that said his `` mega church '' did n't feel fake or overly indulgent . 
  i 've seen pictures of far more excessive churches . 
  the congregation was actually really welcoming and christ like .
