  some sort of symbol with the cross , cresent and star of david combined in a subtle way and with a big x crossing them all out . 
  claim it was discovered on ~ ~ golden plates ~ ~ documents found in galileos study . 
  yeah , the teary oppressed designer story is n't a bad idea . 
  let 's get one of the photoshop wiz 's on the sub to design it and set up a etsy store . 
  we can have atheist mugs , t shirts , necklaces - everything with this lovely symbol on it . 
  we could market the ` scarlet letter a ' atheist symbol as well . 
  it 's pretty subtle and is already established . 
  i 'm keen to convert bravery to currency . 
  you 're fucking brave !, 
  i 'm actually so brave ... 
  that 's right kids - every anti gay opinion is spouted by religion . 
  that 's why the russians and chinese loved homosexuals with all churches banned / s, 
  ron paul is n't popular on reddit anymore outside of circlejerk . 
  reddit only liked him for his `` left wing '' stances - marijuana legalization , attacking corruption in wall street , allowing gay marriage if legislated by the state . 
  he was for anything if it was states rights, 
  that 's disgraceful, 
  sadly all the posts are deleted . 
  the mod has no sense of humour, 
  the fact remains that the vast majority of the population were n't religious and yet were anti gay . 
  even the generations that grew up without religion hated homosexuals . 
  being anti gay has much to do with resistance to change and disliking those who are different , you ca n't blame religion for it in russia and china . 
  good old feinberg - always defending the bravest among us . 
  the ass of atheism is hardly offensive feinberg , in fact it was a witty joke about how self righteous and pathetic the walking persecution complexes who posted on that sub were . 
  you want to know what 's really offensive ? 
  the tub girl muhammed and goat fucking jesus that have been on / r/atheism . 
  there 's nothing witty in that , it 's just immature - which is an apt description for the rest of / r/atheism . 
  rape rape rape rape !, 
  rape rape ? 
  rape  religion because rape . 
  any raping ? 
  no , rape rape rape then . 
  burdern of proof applies to atheism . 
  and atheism also equals intelligence , progress , science , technology and everything good in the world . 
  therefore you ca n't argue with literally anything i say because i 'm an atheist . 
  [ easy to do with res . 
  just click source if you have it installed below an image or ooc tag and see how it 's done . 
  what part of nz are you in ? 
  i 'm chch myself, 
  just wondering if you ever go to temples or if you have a local one - or is your buddhist faith entirely personal ? 
  `` and the lord said `` blessed are the sidehuggers , for they will inherit the kingdom of / r/christianity '' '' - biblical truth right there . 
  i would advocate spending at least a day though - there'es the antarctic centre , willowbank , restart , riccarton rd etc to see . 
  it sounds like op 's on a tight schedule though, 
  it 's pretty clear that zionist shills are downvoting this !, 
  hamas are peaceful , they clearly want the best for their citizens by negotiating with rocket fire . 
  haha i wo n't judge you jafa !!!, 
  i love auckland , i 've got family up there as well . 
  always good to see another kiwi here , 
  ah that 's nice . 
  i 've been to the temple of the tooth in sri lanka which is a really beautiful temple . 
  i should really read up some more on buddhism , i only know the basics . 
  wow !, 
  why are n't the uk part of schengen ? 
  norwegians get the main benefit of eu without being part of it !, 
  if they were such brutal conquerors they would n't even allow the palestinians to live in the gaza strip and the west bank . 
  if the palestinians had a decent government representing them instead of a terrorist group , then we 'd likely see a two state solution by now . 
  the real victims are the palestinian people - their `` leaders '' do not represent them fairly and they always suffer the consequences . 
  i believe there are many diseases you can catch and that animals generally are n't very sanitary . 
  after all hiv was initally caused by bestiality with monkeys . 
  `` but we can evolve into le centaurs if we fuck them . 
  it 's science ! '', 
  i believe the chance of catching diseases and spreading them is far greater with bestiality . 
  that and it 's much less likely to spread hiv , herpes and other dangerous diseases via door handles than you can through sex, 
  but why ca n't underage polygamous children fuck horses ? 
  did you put your dick in the steak ? 
  it 's the latest thing . 
  this kids not a real badass . . everyone knows the ds version is the coolest . 
  when i was in paris i spoke decent conversational french but i had no idea what gender to use half the time . 
  they 'll sometimes correct you for it but so long as you can actually remember the words it 's really not a problem . 
  japan is notoriously bad for this as well . 
  it 's a mandatory subject so they 'll often ace all their theory tests but wo n't even be able to have a conversation with someone . 
  are there any `` ent '' words in french that are pronounced ` e ' not ` ont ' ? 
  phelps 's law, 
  no ex / v/irgins ? 
  i 'd like to know what iso settings he used, 
  i think the only way it would be possible is through a chrono trigger like approach - time travelling within the same settings/world . 
  that way you could reuse much of the assets and focus on the story . 
  it does sound a fantastic game and i think we 'll probably see something similar within the next few years . 
  open office is n't comparable to ms office sorry ... 
  the last album kind of stunk though i thought . 
  the latest one was much better, 
  i think the main objection really is that your salvation is based on what you 're do rather than it being unearnable . 
  christians all recognize earnest prayer and charity as good things but there 's a large disagreement theologically in terms of these works actually gaining us salvation . 
  also i think if prayer is forced ( and even charity ) it loses the earnestness of it , which is the most important aspect . 
  it 's better not to pray at all if you honestly do n't mean it , coming from a christian perspective . 
  `` bye bye love , hello happiness '' - paul simon peter, 
  damnit it was the everly brothers . 
  oh well , you can see the remains of a once glorious joke . 
  i ca n't wait to sing some goddoesntexistmas carols !, 
  `` science night , logical night, 
  all is brave , all is right, 
  sagan smiles at us from the cosmos, 
  hear him sing and my neckbeard is moist, 
  reason ruling the earth, 
  reason ruling the earth, 
  clearly they need to convert to saganism . 
  only then will there be peace . 
  fucking theocratic fascists !!!, 
  stopping our right to child pornography . 
  when will the madness end ?? 
  i 'm not getting harmed by it so it ca n't be a bad thing right ?
