  if we did n't have the knowledge of right and wrong because wrong did not exist , then we would n't be human as we would have no need for conscience or critical thinking . 
  we would do good because we had no other options . 
  we 'd essentially be like robots , but only limited to doing good . 
  you would n't be able to think of any alternative as there would n't be any alternative from doing good to choose, 
  really good comic . 
  genesis must be literal , but giving 10 % to the poor ? 
  na . . that must have been what they did way back then . 
  it 's all relative as to what you do with your money . 
  how can you justify buying a cadillac ? 
  well , if you have enough money for it and you 're not holding on to all your money like a miser , then why should n't you have a caddilac ? 
  if you take the view that god ultimately is provider of the money , and wants you to be happy then why should n't you ? 
  ( the only reason is that cadillacs have shitty handling , but that 's besides the point ), 
  by the way , the giving everything away verse was jesus talking to a specific man , it does n't apply to every christian on earth . 
  it 's a lesson in not holding on to your money so tightly that it gets in the way of god ( the love of money is the root of all evil ) however if you ignore all context of the verse to suit your biases , then yeah sure , christians should all live in abject poverty !, 
  what a bunch of hypocrites not taking a quote that was n't written for them literally !, 
  tithing 10 % to the poor however does apply to us all , and often many christians are hypocritical in that department . 
  you 're definitely right there, 
  was the concept of pi even around when the ot was written ? 
  do n't want to be pedantic , but it never says it was an apple . 
  how about , you know , he was sacrificed and resurrected ? 
  is n't that the whole idea . 
  and a hat that actually fits, 
  is this a joke ? 
  people actually got degrees to do this ? 
  sony did it , but they were down for weeks, 
  but ... but ... gabe loves us !, 
  he 's the adorable corporate teddy bear that cares about us , not our wallets !, 
  res res res res res res res res res res res res res res, 
  well it 's not specifically referring to any god , it includes all monotheistic religions ( even though it 's pretty obviously directed towards the christian god ) but ` allah ' just means god in arabic so mm . 
  point still stands to hinduism , polytheism and atheism who do n't want it , as well as christians like me . 
  mmm , those perryberrys sure sound swell . 
  i dunno bout you , but i 'm voting for a very perry berry 2012 !, 
  except it was n't made by a redditor , which is why it 's ironic this sub is complaining, 
  not ign though , it was like a 9.3 . 
  it got a few 10/10s but nowhere near as many as this, 
  assassins creed 2 . if you 've never played it , do so now, 
  if i was in the states i 'd be right there with you . 
  watch any of the gop debates and you 'll see why he 's such a good candidate . 
  he really seems to be the last trustworthy politician , who does n't change his mind on the issues . 
  sad to say it , but obamas change did n't count for much . 
  jesus actually said that he came not to abolish the old laws , but to fulfill them . 
  if the laws have been fulfilled , then how can you justify keeping them ? 
  because homosexuality as we know it today , simply was not common in ancient times . 
  gay marraige was seen as ridiculous and gay relationships consisted of nothing more than one night stands , or slave master sexual acts . 
  tl ; dr there was no love in homosexulaity back then , that 's why . 
  if you take out the historical context of who the books were written for , you 're going to be very confused . 
  seriously r/atheism ? 
  call hitler a christian even though his actions are hypocritical of his faith, 
  call jefferson or obama an atheist , even though his actions are hypocritical of this stance . 
  where 's the reason ? 
  yes that is true , though he was n't a radical atheist he just lacked all belief in god, 
  by professing no belief in god i suppose , if he ever comes around, 
  how is it absurd ? 
  it 's not a requirement to be an atheist going to an ivy league state . 
  true , if you 're attending philosophy you 're probably going to find that the majority of the class does n't believe in god , as it 's a popular class for non believers , and probably biology too . 
  but economics , law or anything else ? 
  why would belief affect any other field of study ? 
  no , no you 're only saying that because you were molested !, 
  poor boy , religion is indoctrination have n't you learned ? 
  yes . 
  atheism vs christianity , get on board !, 
  except you 're picture is n't a foetus , just a sperm cell and an egg, 
  not really , as i know the majority of politicians in the us are christians . 
  i find it absurd that you would claim faith would prevent him from studying at an institute in one of the most christian nations on earth, 
  yes i have learned about greece and rome , and the relationships that they had . 
  never in history has homosexuality taken it 's accepted current form , never . 
  in roman times it was n't frowned upon to have sexual relations with the same sex , but nobody would consider having a commited relationship with a same sex partner . 
  slaves were often used as sexual objects , and if they could n't find a slave they would pay for a male or female prostitute . 
  there was no gay marraige or commited gay relationships , it 's wishful thinking to think otherwise , as nice as it may be . 
  even though there 's still a lot of backlash to homosexuality , gay rights at this time in history are better than they have ever been . 
  it means to accomplish it , for it to be completed . 
  basically it was jesus way of saying we no longer needed it . 
  luke : the entire point of jesus teaching was to show how hard it is for people to keep the law . 
  people simply could n't keep it , because it would not change and because the standards were too high . 
  jesus came to show how it was essentially impossible for man to keep these laws , that had become corrupted over time . 
  those that followed it religiously became hypocrites , like the pharissees . 
  timothy : it 's arguable whether or not he was referring to the old testament or not , as the early church tended to focus more on the gospels than any old testament book . 
  however if he was , the laws of the old testament are useful for teaching , correcting and training as they show how incapable we are of acheiving them , and why we needed jesus . 
  i 've got plenty of ps2 games to play on my list . 
  if you want a good way of finding them , browsing gamerankings is a good start . 
  they collect every review score on the planet , and give them a ranking from that . 
  here 's a link sorted best to worst . 
  / v/s recommended games wiki is another good place to go , just to find a summary of the better games, 
  if you really want to be precise , look up the wikipedia article that lists all ps2 games , and go from there . 
  some of my personal favs on ps2 are, 
  jak and daxter series ,, 
  kingdom hearts 1 + 2 ,, 
  ratchet and clank 1 ,, 
  metal slug anthology ,, 
  burnout 3 ,, 
  soul calibur 3 ,, 
  ape escape 1 + 2 ( 1 's actually on ps1 ), 
  there 's such a huge game library there , but i hope i 've helped, 
  it 's actually obnoxious religious poltical bitching fyi, 
  europe , superior everything since the internet, 
  and this folks , is why christians wo n't debate atheists, 
  they read the wedding delusion !, 
  just kidding , they tend to just not get married in a church , and exchange secular vows . 
  some might include the beautiful ` love is patient ' verse from corinithians out of tradition , but otherwise it 'd be the same as any other non-church wedding . 
  so much love for the president , it 's fantastic .
