  josephus reported in antiquities 18.3.3, 
  `` now there was about this time jesus ... pilate , at the suggestion of the principal men amongst us ... condemned him to the cross '' . 
  mara bar-serapion wrote :, 
  `` what advantage did the jews gain from executing their wise king ? 
  it was just after that their kingdom was abolished ... [ but ] he lived on in the teaching which he had given . '', 
  and lucian wrote in the death of peregrine :, 
  `` the christians , you know , worship a man to this day-the distinguished personage who introduced their novel rites , and was crucified on that account . '', 
  these are all historians from the same century in the roman empire who had no reason to defend an apocalyptic preacher from an insignificant part of judea . 
  in classical studies with these references it 's far more likely jesus lived than it being some sort of conspiracy , as it was n't until several decades after his death that christianity became significant . 
  by the way throwing out barely relevant logical fallacies and labeling any defense of faith confirmation bias does n't really help your argument , it just shows you 've read some atheist blog articles . 
  perhaps try a less confrontational approach ; we 're here for a discussion not a debate after all . 
   independent fundamental bible-believing baptists who do n't need no doctrine . 
  i 'm getting into web design and photoshop is actually a must , as well as editors like sublime text , dreamweaver or visual studio not being available either . 
  linux has vim and other editors but i prefer a visual editor like sublime than command/bash style like vim . 
  what little gaming i do on pc there are n't any linux games and i prefer itunes to winamp , foobar or other open source music players . 
  only the evernote web client too which is probably the biggest dealbreaker of all . 
  i 'm so dependent on that program it is n't funny . 
  office is n't actually that major for me but evernote definitely is . 
  you should edit the wiki article !, 
  visual studio is like the number one ide for programming . 
  a lot of web dev stuff it 's ideal for , as for dreamweaver the code view is n't bad and i like the tag completion + built in ftp . 
  sublime is better but i 'm kinda used to dreamweaver now . 
  i know linux has a lot of code editors but i think mac + windows generally have better options . 
  thank you for providing all the different app references but using wine as a workaround is a no go . 
  i 'm so used to windows that there 's really no incentive for me to change , even though of course on principle i much prefer linux . 
  bravo . 
  just perfect . 
  [ wahahaha oh my lord . 
  #### this !!, 
  wow . 
  such an insightful quote . 
  dae game of thrones ? 
  all cables should be compatible but there 's definitely a difference in quality . 
  i bought some cheap third party ones ( like $ 1 cheap ) and they stopped working within a week . 
  my official samsung ones i got for $ 10 have lasted a lot longer . 
  i know right . 
  did i mention he is also a brony/disliked subgroup ? 
  does n't matter . 
  give upvotes, 
  if you want fast food in hong kong , skip the burgers and eat at tsui wah . 
  there 's tons around including one at the airport . 
  call of duty, 
  wii sports, 
  mario galaxy, 
  portal, 
  littlebigplanet, 
  mass effect, 
  assassin 's creed, 
  minecraft, 
  uncharted, 
  never !, 
  please do n't take advice from the wider reddit community regarding pedophilia or sex in general really . 
  what you are going through is likely technically classified as ephebophilia but it does n't excuse the behaviour . 
  sometimes members of this site will define themselves as `` ephebophiles '' in order to make their sexual deviancy seem normal and will try to cast themselves as victims . 
  honestly i ca n't fathom how tough it must be going through what you 're going through . 
  all i can advise is praying fervently knowing that christ has forgiven you of this attraction and can help you get through this . 
  also i 'd suggest going to counseling . 
  i do n't know if you 're at high school or university , but there will be free counselors there that are strictly confidential . 
  if you are n't your local health board can organize one , at least i believe this is the case in new zealand where i live . 
  just talking about the problem can be a release mechanism . 
  it wo n't be a panacea but it can help a lot . 
  i have struggled with pornography dependance and obviously this is probably a more frequent issue that occurs however it is still a form of sexual sin . 
  i find regular exercise and routine can help discipline your thoughts better as can working on your hobbies and also just hanging out more with friends/family . 
  do n't isolate yourself or keep judging yourself about it . 
  christ died for what you 're going through , it is very very wrong but you are forgiven for it . 
  fixating about how bad you are is what hurts you most . 
  the absolute worst thing you can do is continue to judge yourself . 
  anyways i hope my advice is of some help . 
  god bless man , i 'll be praying for you . 
  you intolerant little fundie , how dare you criticize science ^ tm ^ ^ ^ ... my ^ ^ ^ skewed ^ ^ ^ version ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ its ^ ^ ^ findings . 
  in the us i 've heard very good things about notre dame . 
  i 'd suggest a jesuit/catholic colllege . 
  as for the ones you 've listed baylor sounds the only decent one . 
  agreed , i 'm there at the moment . 
  londoners are great if you get to know them , but few people will chat on the tube and customer service is designed to serve you , not to be your friend . 
  the whole attitude of people changes once you get out of the city . 
  most would cite his personal diary entries which are very hostile to christianity . 
  in one he even wishes that germans were muslim as he admires the anti pacifist teachings in the qur ` an . 
  it 's not clear that he was one of the other . 
  i 'm just going to link this write up in / r/badhistory http://np.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/1ticlk/hitlers_religion_a_case_study_of_atheist/ which gives a pretty nuanced view of the subject . 
  it does n't matter whether he was religious or not , like any dictator his personal convictions were far from being exclusively influenced by christianity or atheism . 
  it 's probably the most ridiculous thing i 've heard ever on this sub . 
  just wow . 
  are you saying like with the 10 commandments god carefully prescribed the entirety of the bible ? 
  not even the most fervent literalists i 've met have denied that people wrote the gospels . 
  in fact paul is pretty clear about him writing a good portion of the new testament . 
  or is he lying about it ? 
  le nsa is giving you downvotes !, 
  report it to the mods . 
  no blog news sources should be allowed, 
  great to have you !, 
  i do the same with / r/islam, 
  / r/askculinary is really good, 
  calling op 's angry regurgitation 's of the exact same idea on each line a `` thesis '' is giving it a bit much credit . 
  so instead of paying no attention to blog sites who sensationalize their titles for the sole purpose of getting ad revenue , you 're suggesting we bother to visit them in a misguided attempt of sticking it to man . 
  corporate `` balanced '' ( your quote again , not mine ) news sources despite their biases manage to hire real journalists who actually have experience and knowledge in the area . 
  the majority of these blog sites simply get the story from ap or another news source , put an extra spin on it and deliver it to people who want their views reinforced . 
  the information is only `` truly interesting '' because it 's sensationalized for ad revenue . 
  that is the only reason anyone should visit one of these echo chamber news sources , to get their views reinforced . 
  for real coverage i 'm afraid the corporate media are the ones who actually pay reporters to get the stories as they arrive .
