  a surah is a verse of the quran . 
  i still have a lot of learning to do but from what i 've read there have been a lot hadith 's or sayings attributed to muhammad outside of the quran that are n't very reliable . 
  however there are others that are more reputable as well . 
  when verses are contradictory in the quran as well as various hadiths as seems to be the case on apostasy , then there 's no real `` right '' answer and people are going to have wildly different opinions . 
  ## fairytale status : obliterated, 
  do you mean rocksmith ? 
  just buy their official tone cable , it 's not that expensive . 
  i do n't think kira is a stripper name at all . 
  serena is alright , but serenity sounds like a hippie name, 
  because an entire race is n't a humongous population ... 
  the last ff11 expansion pack was n't released on ps2 , so they 've abandoned ps2 support for the game . 
  they 'll probably do something similar with the ps3 version , but there are going to be tens of thousands of subscribers still using the ps3 version in future years , especially in japan . 
  doubt it . 
  i 'm holding out hope they release ff 15 + kh3 on pc too , otherwise i 'm going to get a ps4 . 
  why the sabbath ? 
  because it 's good to have a day of rest and to focus on god . 
  even if you do n't take the story of the fall literally it does n't mean you ca n't derive any meaning of it . 
  evolution does n't compromise the bible , it only compromises a very narrow view of one particular section of it . 
  hong kong has a better transport network too, 
  that 's just not true, 
  in terms of casualties , they certainly won this one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libyan-egyptian_war, 
  there 's some good information on the ancient egyptian military here as well http://www.ancientmilitary.com/ancient-egypt-military.htm, 
  go back to stormfront, 
  nothing wrong with it . 
  i just found it interesting . 
  i agree they have been occupied many times , but most countries have when the timespan specified is five thousand years . 
  might be addicted to a bit more than your house there mate . 
  it 's the best way to go to paris , considering the amount of luggage you would get by a budget airline . 
  i was looking at possibly going to amsterdam but it 's a 6 hour ride . 
  3 hours to paris is fine , but if it 's longer you 'd want to fly . 
  i take it this is a joke at him acting like a pharaoh ? 
  smoking weed in outer space : the dream of a million neckbeards . 
  #### on the internet , where you ca n't touch our bodies , harming our voices is tantamount to slitting our throats !, 
  personally , i think the `` every sperm is sacred '' thing is really taking it too far . 
  i do n't doubt that the ancient chinese idea of a `` life force '' being present in your semen has some value , but to actually claim sperm itself is supernatural is way out for me anyways . 
  a life itself is sacred , but the bodily fluids that help create it are not . 
  i hate those prisons . 
  i truly hate them . 
  i 'm really sorry you had to go through what i went ... 
  i guess i 'll share my story , and hopefuly i 'll make some people realize that these camps are ... more than evil . 
  as a kid i really denied any form of authority . 
  i often harrased teachers , and the idea of a great man in the sky ruling over me was not only ridicoulous to me , but also hazardous ... 
  i came out to my ( extremist ) parents at the age of 14 . 
  they cried , threatened me , did everything they could to turn me back into a robot ... 
  about 1 month after i came out , 3 men came into my house at night , and told me to stay quiet and walk with them . 
  i tought it was a kidnapping , as most people who experience this ... 
  i walked into the van , and they explained themselelves . 
  i was shocked and filled with hate , but i knew i should n't do anything , the van was small and i could n't defend myself . 
  my first day at that prison was horrible ... everything i did was supervised , and also controlled . 
  the only time i got some `` privacy '' was at night , 10 o'clock . 
  after 1 week i just could n't take the authority , and i was put in isolation . 
  two months . 
  two . 
  months . 
  after the first month i began hearing voices in my head , and after another week , the voices formed into a big , strong voice ... 
  i only had one conversation with it . 
  voice : `` escape . '', 
  me : `` how ? '', 
  voice : `` strong . 
  then kill . '', 
  after the last sentence i never heard it again . 
  but it was enough . 
  i knew my goal . 
  at the time i had about 100 lbs ... 
  i was skinny , i did n't have force ... 
  i was helpless . 
  every time i got out of isolation , i said `` fuck god . '' . 
  all i did in isolation was exercise . 
  i was so full of hate i did n't care about time ... 
  in there there was no natural light , just a little crack ... 
  i had no clock , so i would just look at the crack while exercising . . everytime light started to get through the crack , meaning it was day , it was a great achievment . 
  i felt . . great . 
  small things where all i had , so it was incredible ... 
  i exercised in there for 8 months ... breaks of 20 minutes , exercises for 1 and a half . 
  and repeat . 
  repeat . 
  repeat ... 
  after 8 months , i finnaly got out ... everyone was so surprised i did n't shout `` fuck god . '' . 
  for about 4 days i was heavily looked at by all the guards ... that was the day i began the brainwashing . 
  they thought the isolation broke me down . 
  it only made me stronger . 
  everytime i entered the brainwashing room i would see a broken window . 
  the room was on the first floor , so i could get out without too much damage . 
  but i was ... nowhere . 
  nowhere meaning a forest . 
  i could run , of course , but how long would the forest last ? 
  i did n't know . 
  forest was freedom . 
  freedom is good . 
  so i got to get in the forest . 
  one day , instead of the 5 athletic guys that went with me to the room , there were only 2 janitors . 
  i was so surprised ... yet calm . 
  i knew that was my day . 
  as i was approaching the window , i felt some adrenaline going up my spine ... 
  i quickly headlocked one guy while kicking the other with one foot , and managed to pull a neck break on the headlocked guy . . 
  i got ready , then jumped off the window . 
  i fell , rolled , and managed to do n't get hurt bad ... 
  i was running , running , running ... 
  i could hear some sounds , but i was so thrilled i did n't pay attention . . after about 4km running i finnaly stopped . 
  i could feel freedom .
