  so we 're hypothetically in heaven instead of the universe that god made for us and the rest of the creatures in this world ? 
  the point of heaven is that it 's a perfect place . 
  humans who are flawed/sin can not enter it even if they do good , as everybody sins and so nobody is perfect . 
  it took a perfect sacrifice ( jesus ) in order to bridge the gap , and to forgive our imperfections . 
  free will allows us to make choices good or bad . 
  jesus teachings as well as many other people have taught we should choose the good over the bad , and yet there is still so much bad/evil in the world . 
  if we had no choices yes the world would be perfect , but we would have no choices . 
  and that 's the crux of it , god wants us to find him and do good in this life by our own choice , otherwise it 's not our choice and it 's not sincere . 
  it 's our sincere choice to follow jesus and do good in this life that gets us to heaven , we should n't expect to get there for nothing . 
  tl ; dr no free will means no choices and no sincerity . 
  i think he 's very intelligent myself but you ca n't deny the hypocrisy of the man . 
  over a million taken from fannie may + freddie mac and he 's ` against bailouts ' , was having an affair while trying to impeach a man for the same thing , reverses his position on virtually every issue when it suits himself . 
  he 's got the biggest skeletons out of anyone going for the gop nomination and sadly that 's saying something . 
  he left his wife for another women when she was battling cancer, 
  no , this is ` happy ' did n't you see ? 
  good thing he 's omnipresent then, 
  hear that rest of gop , the troops want to come home !, 
  israel know how to play their military , the biggest danger is the us overextending itself militarily to help israel against iran . 
  this is why we need paul for president . 
  but that would lose them money !, 
  because it 's perfect . 
  why would n't you want to go there ? 
  heaven is n't perfect because jesus is there . 
  heaven is perfect because god made it so there 's no sin/evil present . 
  this world is not perfect by any means , great as it can be . 
  eugh , using christianity as a tool is plain wrong . 
  if you want an honest christian candidate who does n't flaunt his beliefs for the sake of getting voters , i would vote ron paul, 
  sadly this is hardly political suicide . 
  he 's going to pick up plenty of evangelical voters with this ad , who pick their politican based solely on how christian they seem to be, 
  i used to be a redditor like you but then i took a circle to the jerk, 
   prayers are always answered , the answers just are n't always `` yes '', 
  this is really sound advice . 
  i 've never heard it so well put . 
  no , it means heaven is perfect . 
  however if you 're surrounded by god constantly which we are taught is love in its purest form then you 're not going to do wrong . 
  the possibility exists , but it 's something you 'd never think of doing and never would do . 
  then again ... perhaps there is n't . 
  perhaps you 're experiencing the greatest feeling of love and wholeness you 've ever felt , and you feel it forever . 
  perhaps our choice to do wrong is only confined to this earth , but there are still choices just not those that cause sin . 
  i 've heard having children is hands down the most fulfilling experience one can have . 
  on the flipside it 's the most frustrating , time consuming , terrifying , tiring and expensive experience as well . 
  well it 's very unlikely you 're going to find an adopted child with similar physical features to yourself . 
  people like to see themselves in their legacy , and they also know they 've raised them for every single moment since they were born . 
  i personally applaud those who adopt as there 's so much need for it , but there is a reason people usually try to have kids themselves first , and consider it a second option . 
  aside from the `` little asshat '' bit, 
  yeah , if i want to die old and alone my kids ca n't stop me dammit !, 
  being a rich wife with a nanny/cleaner/cook etc and having a c section seems to me the way raising children should be . 
  completely hassle free, 
  daddy ... i do n't like this man !, 
  i honestly think this is the most bullshit excuse in the book . 
  the third world countries are producing the most children . 
  if you 're able to provide for a child , one child is n't going to ruin the planet . 
  what we need is contraceptives and health education for the third world to help stop overpopulation . 
  you having or not having a child is n't going to make a difference . 
  no , but it 's not some first world nerd ` choosing ' to not have children that 's going to solve overpopulation . 
  it 's contraceptives and decent health ed for the third world . 
  `` uptoasted for truth , bravery and liberty '' - ron paul 90210, 
  fucking lawyername , upbro, 
  is n't it better to allow freedom of choice and then let them suffer the consequences , rather than banning the choice outright ? 
  when we made religion ... duh !, 
  everyone it 's figgots , the guy that does the same face all the time !, 
  i 've only watched about half of an episode but it 's renowned for having decent writing for a kids show ( similar to spongebob ) and having adult/internet jokes cleverly placed in its content, 
  transgenderism is fucking ridiculous . 
  homosexuality is natural , removing your genitals to ` change ' your sex is not . 
  it 's not discrimination to use fucking common sense . 
  if it did n't have ` religious ' in the title , r/atheism would n't be getting mad about it, 
  of course not , but these ( aside from surgery ) are ordinary amenities that we need and use . 
  an artificially created sexuality and sex life is not healthy . 
  you were born male so why should you choose to pretend you 're not ? 
  do you agree with the people trying to turn themselves into animals , like the ` cat man ' who has artificially given himself whiskers and would change his genitals for a cats if he had the chance . 
  ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1052934/cat-man--human-tiger-enjoys-climbing-trees-eats-raw-meat-day.html ) i highly suspect you do n't , so where do you draw the line with altering your body ? 
  the issue is n't that its ` unnatural ' in a broad sense , it 's unnatural in a body sense . 
  i do n't have issues with piercings because i know it does n't radically alter a person . 
  i think you 're really underestimating how important your gender is by comparing it to piercing . 
  transgender people need help , it 's a dangerous mentality to have to decide that for whatever reason you 're not content with your body and need to surgically alter it to supposedly change your sex . 
  are n't you really bisexual if you have children though . 
  you 've had sexual intercourse with a female and were n't repulsed enough to not have sex , yet you 're attracted to men at the same time . 
  if this is the case it sounds to me like you swing both ways, 
  it exactly is what happens , they 're discontent with their body . 
  this is why they try to change their sex . 
  unless a person has schizophrenia or some other mental health issue the therapist/councellor is n't going to care . 
  what worries me is that people do n't see transgenderism as a mental illness . 
  anorexia and eating disorders are seen as wrong because people are discontent with the body they 're in , and yet someone who wishes to artificially change gender via surgery is n't . 
  and before you attack my opinion again i do n't want people hating transgenders.i think they need help and all the love they can get to show them that their body is n't a bad thing , and is n't something they need to artifically change . 
  oh , and i 'll add that i 'm wholly against infant circumcision , there 's no choice for the child . 
  i 'm sorry but i have no desire to have gay sex and would never do so even if it was the norm . 
  so why would any true homosexual have straight sex if it was the norm . 
  if it does n't utterly repulse him like gay sex does for me , why would he subject himself to marrying someone ( an act meant to be a lifetime commitment ) and repeatedly have straight sex . 
  if you have both gay sex and straight sex and are attracted to both you are a bisexual . 
  obviously he was content with having heterosexual intercourse for a long time before he ` came out ' , so how can he say he was ` born gay ' when he 's at times been attracted to both sexes . 
  i do see where people could take the opinion that it 's harmful and try to lock them away , but that 's never fixed any problems . 
  i personally do n't think any gender is better than another , but transgendered people do . 
  they are n't happy with being born the way they are , and instead of learning to cope and embrace who they were born to be , they wonder what it would be like if they were someone else . 
  it 's a sort of ` grass is greener on the other side ' mindset and as you would know it never really is greener , it 's only how you perceive it to be . 
  would n't you support people embracing who they are and how they were born rather than trying to change it ? 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  claiming marriage is a ` corrupt ' institution is false , it 's only corrupt if you let it be . 
  because homeless people do n't throw away food, 
  no i read your words , i just do n't agree with them . 
  you 're claiming it 's possible a person is genuinely homosexual after they have had children and have left their wife for a man because it 's a ` state of being ' and that having heterosexual sex and being attracted to it at one point , while later being attracted to gay sex does n't make them bisexual .
