  edit : thanks for the gold !, 
  they have their own mafia thank you very much !, 
  yes the influx of millions of immigrants into countries with limited experience in dealing with them is comparable to buying a new car . 
  ca n't live the dream without dreamweaver amirite ? 
  if only they could go to school ? 
  they 're the ones kidnapping and murdering schoolchildren for being brainwashed for receiving `` western education '' . 
  the only school they would want to go to is a madrasa , and a extremely conservative one at that . 
  there are n't reporters in the midst of drone strikes . 
  a statement is given to journalists and they report based on it . 
  who were you expecting to release the statement , the french government ? 
  maybe we could ask ja rule for his comment on the matter while we 're at it . 
  are you doubting the power of the one click per review faithsmash ? 
  i got selected to feed the dolphins at seaworld . 
  ama, 
  you ca n't take any train to mainland china because hong kong manages its own border system under one country two systems !, 
  i was just making a joke about the number of mainland chinese that come to the city . 
  provided you have a chinese visa you can take the mtr intercity from hung hom station to guangzhou and then a train to beijing from there . 
  i hope he 's in every issue, 
  ^ ^ ^ fundie oppression, 
  surely you mean your ex boyfriend ? 
  this guy 's alfalfa charms are ** irresistible ' , : j **, 
  i 'm glad you took these . 
  i see the one 's in sydenham nearly everyday and always thought they were impressive . 
  it 's great to see some art interspersed amongst the rubble . 
  i 'm sure the maoris are gratetful they did n't get the dutch colonizing them . 
  there 's much better new zealand music out there . 
  try the phoenix foundation or shihad . 
  \\  no katipo deaths since the 19th century, 
  well south africa was a british colony as well so it 's not quite fair to compare the two . 
  looking at the history of the dutch east indies and other dutch colonies though , the treatments of the native populations are far worse . 
  the `` dark ages '' as you 're likely claiming did n't even exist , even though it 's a popular myth thrown around . 
  in fact it was mostly monks and the church keeping the intellectual traditions alive in europe after the collapse of western rome . 
  you can always tell that its an intellectual argument when someone uses an american cartoon where half the jokes center around fart sounds , as its basis . 
  i think the central government needs to better educate the tourists that come to hong kong about the customs in the city . 
  i think this is to appeal to some christian voters after the passing of gay marriage, 
  did he ? 
  have you got the link ? 
  so brave, 
  i 've been to sri lanka twice as my extended relatives are from there . 
  it 's a beautiful country and relatively religiously diverse - the president is married to a catholic and you see several churches and hindu temples as well . 
  buddhism definitely dominates the religious landscape though and there are quite a few conservatives that get outraged at this sort of stuff . 
  i remember akon cancelled a concert the first time i was there as he had a buddha statue in one of his music videos with scantily clad women . 
  i think these sort of incidents are to appease the more conservative buddhists . 
  it 's far from a buddhist theocracy . 
  i 've been to sri lanka twice as my extended relatives are from there . 
  it 's a beautiful country and relatively religiously diverse - the president is married to a catholic and you see several churches and hindu temples as well . 
  buddhism definitely dominates the religious landscape though and there are quite a few conservatives that get outraged at this sort of stuff . 
  i remember akon cancelled a concert the first time i was there as he had a buddha statue in one of his music videos with scantily clad women . 
  i think these sort of incidents are to appease the more conservative buddhists . 
  it 's far from a buddhist theocracy . 
  highly recommend people watch this . 
  it 's tragic how so little is known in the west about the government 's human rights abuses at the end of the civil war . 
  the central government is beijing, 
  i have actually . 
  i really recommend this article http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/137812/william-mcgowan/buddhists-behaving-badly on the subject . 
  however it 's unusual for them to deport tourists over religious issues , despite the harassment of locals . 
  i was n't in hong kong then but i recommend the movie [ chinese box ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118851/ ) . 
  it 's set during the background of the handover and may be useful as a wider cultural reference for your report . 
  more real than your fairytales, 
  it does n't bode well for / r/talesfromretail 's subscribers . 
  it 's just like the shit in skeen era / r/atheism, 
  i ca n't say i 've read it that often . 
  i do remember there was another brave copypasta that popped up on there a little while ago . 
   using fundie money, 
  i shop for dew online and have it delivered right into my basement . 
  there 's no god on my credit card transaction . 
  checkmate society . 
  aside from it being a waste of taxpayer money and a stupid idea all round . 
  oh dear , his employers in the zhongnanhai wo n't like to hear that . 
  i know this source is hardly unbiased but it was the first i heard about it . 
  stop calling it bitcoin and start calling it rayndcoin !, 
  this is another groan inducing moment from / r/bitcoin but the suggestion to call it, 
  `` ronald w. reagan memorial marketplace '' is pretty hilarious . 
  are you seriously questioning the integrity of my fellow memers ? 
  pizzaroll , i thought you were better than that . 
  wow . 
  what an honour . 
  in what way ? 
  i just wanted to share my quote :(, 
  hong kong still can into more space than singapore , 
  was n't confucian thought seen as compatible with ancient chinese religion ? 
  st albans fish and chips are pretty decent and popular . 
  cousteau 's on papanui rd were good but i have n't been in a year or so, 
  the one at edgeware mall is n't bad, 
  there 's an amazing place on wairakei rd that does great chinese meals for $ 12 too but i have n't tried the fish and chips, 
  everyone says there is an advice animals problem . 
  everyone says when maymays and only maymays are removed from the front page , will reddit be an ok website . 
  what they really are is anti free speech . 
  anti advice animals is code for anti free speech . 
  not giving you an upvote unless you insult your skin colour on an image background , sorry . 
  an eye for an eye , a subreddit for a life . 
  it 's the only way . 
  shut up fundie, 
  correlation does n't equal causation fundie . 
  seriously . 
  shut the hell up . 
  i 'm tired of you and the anti atheist brigade on this website spouting your bullshit . 
  sex feels good , is good and that 's the end of the question . 
  some vulnerable teenagers could be browsing this website and decide not to have sex after reading this thread . 
  do you have any idea of the emotional damage you could cause to them christard .
