  which is why you and the rest of this website mocked the countless atheists around the world that shed collective tears over jij 's desecration of free speech . 
  thankfully i 've come out of the ordeal a stronger unbeliever , but please have some empathy for those who suffered so much . 
  ramen !, 
  ahahaha , get it , because of the flying noodle monster man ... . 
  guys ... ? 
  [ it 's the apogee of all reddit drama . 
  nothing will ever compare to its beauty . 
  i would happily if kingdom hearts 3 was on pc, 
  you realize most of these fall under jewish law , reserved solely for jews and not for gentiles/non jews . 
  yes and jesus also said he came to `` fulfill '' the law . 
  the requirements of the law were fulfilled under christ . 
  yes homophobes point to the old testament , but paul also speaks out against homosexuality as well . 
  the whole point though , is that through pauls writings christianity became accessible for non jews as well . 
  the majority of christians worldwide are not jewish , and therefore the requirements of the dietary and moral laws reserved solely for jews do not apply to them , whether they are christian or not . 
  i agree that levitical laws have no place in modern society . 
  not eating shellfish was good advice , if you were in the desert and had no way of storing the things . 
  not so today with greater bacterial knowledge and refrigeration . 
  and no paul also speaks out against homosexuality ( some believe that he was speaking out against pederasty but that 's beside the point ) in the new testament as well . 
  if someone is citing leviticus to back up an anti gay stance it 's ridiculous , as none of the writings apply to non jews anyways . 
  just commenting to recommend www.ozgameshop.com . 
  i use their new zealand equivalent frequently and have used the aussie one once or twice . 
  items are much much cheaper than any retail store as they 're shipped dirt cheap from the uk , and as they 're pal they work on all consoles . 
  we seem to be able to take the piss out of ourselves more than / r/australia , who gets worked into a frenzy over topics like this . 
  probably the better moderation . 
  yeah but you 're bringing gamergate into the equation solely for the purpose of bashing them , when it 's barely even related to it . 
  i think the whole movement is stupid too , but there 's no point in mentioning them when they 're not really related to the matter . 
  ah of course , the award winning hobbit writers . 
  i do n't know if we can beat / r/irishcirclejerk though , who have a pulitzer winning leprechaun on their team going by the name of / u/heartosay, 
  na the `` honour '' is reserved solely for the top minds of / r/autralia, 
  it was a `` protectorate '' meaning that although they were officially independent , the king was more or less a french puppet and they had huge influence over politics during the time . 
  lololol your comment is so original . 
  who would have thought homophobes could also be closet homosexuals !, 
  i still much prefer persia to iran . 
  i do n't think greece ever did either, 
  you can be nederfrancium , how does that sound ? 
  i mean , modern tunisia is very different from carthage . 
  there is still a town called carthage in tunisia though , but it 's tiny . 
  ivory coast is a little different since it 's just a direct translation . 
  like how italy is officially `` italia '' in italian , but we just use the english word . 
  tray be-enz my frenchy friend !, 
  you speak so well . 
  marketing executives at dilmah perhaps . 
  i 've been to sri lanka twice and ceylon is an anachronism to them . 
  europe , europe uber alles, 
  la daa daa daa something haydn, 
  how were hong kongers slaves ? 
  they 're slaves to beijing now as well by your logic . 
  yeah but you do it without the accent , which makes it sound like an old mans name . 
  similar to chinese where shangiaese , min , cantonese and mandarin are really separate languages orally , but they share the same writing system . 
  the government still considers them all dialects instead of languages . 
  the iraq war is still incredibly unpopular in the uk though and still condemned in the media , whereas while it may be unpopular in the states , there is n't as much direct criticism of the subject , especially not in the right wing media . 
  there 's also nowhere near the level of military culture in england than there is in the us , so i do n't think war is anywhere near as glorified as it is in the states . 
  perhaps ww2 and the raf is somewhat glamorized , but that was a just war and it 's undeniable that the uk should be proud of its effort defending the world in ww2 . 
  one might also say the sky is green but that does n't make it so . 
  of course not , but coming from some countries - particularly totalitarian ones like china the criticism reeks of greater hypocrisy . 
  i agree the whole world has a right to criticize these terrible instances of torture , but people judge the messenger 's as well . 
  it 's purely a publicity stunt and is chump change to a man as rich as him . 
  his `` ulterior '' motive is publicity and trying to cover up his country prolonging the conflict . 
  fuck saudi arabia , its backwards version of islam , its non existent human rights and its funding of terrorism . 
  the us can hardly claim to have a moral reputation when it 's allied with a country that barbaric . 
  saudi bots = illuminati . 
  confirmed . 
  the problem with measures like this is that it often sparks a sort of reactionary conservatism . 
  the more these people feel they are being oppressed by the government , the more `` fundamentalist '' they will become . 
  tensions are already bad in xinjiang between han chinese and the uighurs , this is just going to make things worse . 
  the ccp is determined to sinify all of china and make everything `` han '' as they 've done in tibet , but in these volatile regions all it 's going to cause is more distrust and terror attacks . 
  they did n't rule the place , it was more or less a tributary state like tibet . 
  it was only officially made a province of china in 1884 . 
  it 's interesting that relations have deteriorated with the muslims in recent years , considering how loyal the hui were to the chinese government . 
  during the civil war you had many muslim generals in the chinese army . 
  really ? 
  i thought they officially gained control when it was made into a province in the 19th century ? 
  well he is ... 
  that does n't mean he 's a wumao , but it 's pretty obvious he 's pro ccp . 
  oh yeah , what would you know about the netherlands , 
  the tanning salons must make a fortune, 
  joel osteen told me that god wanted to bless me though :(, 
  then one of us may have a heart attack , friend . 
  yes i mean / u/swordstoplowshares is dutch . 
  sorry but aside from ` jij '' , `` dropje '' and `` nee '' you 've reached the extent of my dutch knowledge haha . 
  i 'm from new zealand . 
  not everyone else has shut the door . 
  the eu notably has a doors wide open policy within the free travel area . 
  there are also moves to do something similar in east africa and south america . 
  however certainly japan and the us have tighter immigration policies than us . 
  a water resistant jacket will be mostly all you need . 
  around auckland and the cities you 'll just need casual wear . 
  it 's not that cold in march but if you 're planning on doing lots of walking outdoors near queenstown or in the forest you will want something warm and water resistant . 
  these kathmandu goose down jackets are very popular in new zealand http://famewatcher.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/tom-hardy-bubble-boy-10.jpg, 
  you can already see the signs of hollywood and silicon valley bending their asses over for it as well . 
  give me the pax americana over pax cathay any day , at least free expression is somewhat maintained that way . 
  even countries with relatively strict privacy laws like germany allow most american services . 
  they blocked the google street view team from photographing across germany , but at least most major websites are viewable . 
  the only reason for the great firewall is a means of control , do n't ever think it 's some noble political statement . 
  just pick vermont or one of the smaller new england states . 
  their population is small enough to re-colonize them successfully . 
  ed just appears like the goodie two shoes school boy . 
  he just does n't seem mature enough , especially his laugh when he 's rebutting a point . 
  do n't worry , next election you 'll be able to . 
  well they were `` anglos '' for 150 years and about a third of them are still british nationals officially under the bno scheme .
