  are you a microsoft shill or something , trying to post counterfactual prices ? 
  / unjerk yeah they were really overwhelming , since last years e3 was all about the new hardware . 
  he 's an alcoholic redneck with a crossbow , but is smarter than religious people because ... i do n't know ? 
  it 's true though , brussel sprouts cooked in butter and olive oil makes a huge difference . 
  honestly , how often does this even come up ? 
  every `` how should you prepare food '' thread on askreddit , which is once a month at most . 
  even relevant advice has become a `` circlejerk '' now . 
  come on cb , let 's not counterjerk just for the sake of it . 
  new zealand, 
  australian, 
  welsh, 
  surprisingly accurate . 
  does anyone know how many varieties of english are included ? 
  is singapore/india included for example ? 
  singapore is an option and hong kong maybe too , so that could be a reason why chinese is included . 
  * ow ' r gun lorrs need updayting . 
  freedom 'd that for you, 
  this . 
  also do you like the sound of a pokemon mmo ? 
  maybe you should bing it . 
  you should be a professional quote maker . 
  eh i think they let their libertarianism and preachy atheism cloud their judgement sometimes . 
  their episode on secondhand smoking went again just about all scientific evidence , just because the gub ` mint was regulating it . 
  gay people ca n't be religious , because all religious people are fundies . 
  fundies hate gay people so therefore the only option is for gay people to be atheist . 
  regardless of / r/atheism obviously lapping this up , i think posing as a rape victim is going a bit far . 
  there are much better ways they 've been trolled in the past , like posting a hitler quote attributed to richard dawkins . 
  we hate fundies too !, 
  in fact we hate them so much we keep talking about them every single day , mutually , in a circle . 
  it always brings a tear to my eye ( or it might be sweat , i do n't know ) seeing you post 0 click science numandina . 
  may sagan continue to grant you logic and reason . 
  numandina is a strong atheist m ` lady who does n't need no god , you fundie shitlord . 
  pretty sure this was a successful troll . 
  have you guys thought of maybe getting a standalone pencil sharpener , but with a bigger blade for sticks . 
  i do n't really know what to call it , a stick sharpener maybe ? 
  what about using a pencil sharpener on a lighter ? 
  that way you can sharpen the flame and make the fire much more powerful . 
  pretty much . 
  do you have a penis ? 
  ** think you can take our science now fundies ? 
  ### face the power of fifty fedoras, 
  strong , then shirt . 
  #### ;( not science ;(, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  we need more weed in new zealand . 
  only then we can fund the space program and end religion once and for all . 
  there are some mixed private one 's with good results though : st andrews + middleton grange both are . 
  they mix the gender roles of whatever play 's they perform, 
  well i clearly do n't have a choice if nicole says so, 
  it does n't criticize government dependance , it criticizes corporate dependance which is perfectly compatible with the doctrine of the ccp . 
  a political satire is completely taboo in a country which forbids real freedom of expression . 
  people do n't need to watch fox news to realize that . 
  not that `` christians '' are better people of course , but that true christians are better people . 
  i guess i 'm a traditionalist . 
  i prefer a proper tan leather quiver for all my arrows . 
  he only masturbates , because his hand contains greater intelligence than any woman ever could . 
  upvoted . 
  if there 's anything needed on reddit , it 's definitely more pretentious teenagers . 
  i am highly swayed by the passionate defense of your manhood and liberal use of adjectives . 
  oh wait , no i 'm not . 
  sorry i do n't understand . 
  can you please explain your point on a one click meme ? 
  buy some more arrows and fill it up . 
  the fuller the quiver , the happier the hunt . 
  agreed . 
  if you want m ` classy looking ink just use a fountain pen, 
  oh boo hoo , someone does n't like my post ... must be a neckbeard !, 
  it 's a nice small town , but probably a little too small to live in . 
  the old victorian and turn of the century buildings are lovely though . 
  any major denomination even the more conservative ones would abhor the idea of demonizing those with mental illnesses . 
  you 're right about that point , there 's nearly 2000 years of thought behind examining scriptures . 
  i would recommend reading the gospels and some of cs lewis ' works . 
  if you 're having a hard time understanding what 's meant by the parables in any of them , just google them and find a theologians views or ask on this sub and people will be happy to help . 
  any compassionate aspects of communism have been entirely disregarded by north korea , in order to keep their authoritarian grip on power . 
  the juche ideology they espouse and the treatment of the majority of their citizens is degrading and a blight on humanity . 
  read any reports of people who have escaped from the country to get a picture of just how bad conditions are . 
  here are illustrations from one of the few who managed to escape their labour camps , it is absolutely the worst regime on earth http://imgur.com/a/648mv, 
  the north korean power structure does n't care about their citizens and will only intervene to provide additional food in the case of famines such as the one in the 90s . 
  again this was motivated by wanting to stay in power , nothing more . 
  there 's no way this is true . 
  so simple , yet at the same time absolutely groundbreaking philosophy . 
  do you mind if i share this with my fundamentalist family on facebook ... this is just too good not to share !, 
  i ca n't wait till the day we outlaw religion . 
  then we can use the money stolen by pedopriests and imaginarymams to distribute free marijuana and colonize the galaxy . 
  fuck you shitlord . 
  when i saw braveheart i literally was triggered by the one wikipedia article i read on william wallace that discounted many of the events in the film . 
  to think of the 10 minutes of time i could have spent doing something else , i just ... ca n't ... 
  any sex symbol pop star has to deal with it , including male ones . 
  it certainly does n't excuse reddits response , but it does seem to happen to both genders . 
  how the hell do you draw that conclusion . 
  it could n't possibly be due to huge societal pressures for women to be slim , could it ? 
  no it 's just them being willingly delusional . 
  this video is stupid but your rationale shows you do n't even understand the source of the problem . 
  wow , you can talk in maymay form . 
  well done . 
  certainly these women are delusional , but you can not deny the huge pressures for women to look attractive . 
  eating disorders , mental instability and self harm can all be a result of the image of the `` ideal women '' a size 0 supermodel with big tits and a nice ass that the media loves to portray . 
  can you not see how the way women are portrayed in the media has an effect on them , particularly on less mature girls ?
