  mmmmm, 
  from his rogue appendix . 
  in case you 're serious , the french have probably preserved their culture better than any other european country . 
  have you ever been to europe before ? 
  why do you think they 've been completely overrun by american culture ? 
  in france , spain , italy , portugal ... in almost every european country they have their own traditions and a strong culture . 
  the one country that has probably been most americanized is the uk , and even then they have a distinct culture across different regions . 
  open borders is a terrible idea unless heavy restrictions are in place . 
  even within the eu there 's a lot of discontent because the movement from those from less developed countries ( romania , bulgaria ) to those with greater development ( uk , france , germany ) is disproportionate . 
  a scheme like nz 's and australia 's works because both countries have a similar culture , shared history and comparable living standards . 
  likewise one between the us and canada would be possible , and i believe pre 9/11 there were looser travel restrictions . 
  `` we '' of course is referring to a deaf german living three hundred years before the eu ... 
  you can see for yourself that coexistence did happen . 
  in the kingdom of jerusalem - the main crusader state , muslims were permitted to practice their religion and according to wiki religious tolerance was comparably higher than elsewhere in the middle east at the time . 
  of course muslims like the majority of inhabitants were peasants under a feudal system . 
  there was little in the way of `` human rights '' at the time for anyone except the gentry , regardless of their religion . 
  a muslim geographer ibn jubayr who was visiting the kingdom paints a positive account of their rule . 
  i wish i could make creme brulee with a flamethrower . 
  hi , just commenting late since i saved this thread . 
  if you 're interested in making websites , the best resource for beginners to learn html and css is this book . 
  there 's a pdf of it easily discoverable online . 
  download sublime text , brackets or dreamweaver ( code view only ) as your software . 
  yeah , bit of a difference . 
  i recommend trying with the croissant though . 
  honestly , india is probably the best example of what a chinese democracy would look like . 
  similar population and largely entrenched political parties with lots of corruption . 
  at least a british dog can walk where it wants to , unlike the chinese one on a leash . 
  no , because there is the possibility of the ruling party changing through democratic elections , unlike in china . 
  he means the politburo, 
  british people do n't give a shit about hong kong , which is partially why they handed it over to china . 
  just look at the main yahoo one on the front page . 
  it 's pretty much all towing the ccp line , though there are some american idiots suggesting that there would be another tiannamen rightfully getting downvoted . 
  i 'm not a chinese bot but have friends in hong kong and have been there several times . 
  i 'm saying hong kong has always been treated poorly by its masters , but at least the british preserved the freedoms they had , even if they were limited . 
  it 's financially successful , has forged a distinct culture and most importantly , vastly outperforms its neighbour in queuing . 
  i liked salazar myself ; probably my favourite dictator . 
  none of the ones from the americas seemed any good though . 
  there was a cap on immigrants until last year . 
  in 2011 90,000 applied for 22,000 jobs so its clearly a popular destination , and there eill be greater numbers in the future . 
  should n't indonesia be busy buildings a boat ? 
  lebanese civil war was a total clusterfuck . 
  hezbollah , the current shia terrorist group in lebanon were formed to protect the shis minority . 
  every sectarian group had one or multiple militias . 
  oh i 'm aware that the fear of romanians immigrating en mass to the uk is overblown . 
  however i do think that it will occur in greater numbers now that there are fewer restrictions . 
  that 's interesting that italy and spain were the preferred destinations though . 
  certainly there was disproportionate movement in the case of poland though , back in the early 2000s when the polish economy was doing worse . 
  not surprised the bad weather would put some people off though haha . 
  london mornings in winter are hellish . 
  `` freedom '' is n't solely about elections . 
  freedom of speech , freedom of assembly , freedom of religion are as well and all of these were given to hong kong by the uk . 
  i agree . 
  i think those longing for the uk to return are misguided , but these freedoms that were given to hong kong allow them to wave the colonial flag . 
  the fact is , hong kongers see how restricted things are in the mainland and do n't like it . 
  they want to keep the freedoms they currently have , which is why a very small number of them want the uk to come back even though they 're misguided . 
  probably brazil, 
  i 'm sorry why are we speaking french all of a sudden ? 
  `` lower class british '' is the exaggerated cockney accent of bert from mary poppins . 
  you will find numerous `` lower class british '' accents all over the uk , none of them sound anything like what you 're describing . 
  borgen borgen statsminister tak tak borgen . 
  i can into danish without subtitles . 
  suck it sweden, 
  you 're thinking of india, 
  i did n't know that speaking danish was a prerequisite to being a millionaire . 
  good to know . 
  haha , to an outsider i find your rivalry adorable . 
  you 're just as cool though sverige . 
  queen elizabeth is still my favourite queen by virtue of being my monarch , but rania is definitely the most attractive . 
  i never thought i 'd see srd unironically upvoting someone calling god a sky fairy . 
  haha, 
  am i being belarused ? 
  is that all that unusual though ? 
  i mean he was swinging both arms at points in the video , i would n't analyze it too deeply myself . 
  i can : gamecube controller support . 
  my point is that it 's not user friendly or officially supported . 
  you you would need to use custom drivers as well as a third party mapping solution to get it working with the pc version of re4 . 
  it 's good to see that the next generation of professional quote makers is alive and well . 
  i thought the comic was great . 
  the accent is definitely exaggerated , but what is n't on polandball ? 
  chechnya has always been russian territory . 
  that 's not a good example . 
  says the cancer, 
  do n't forget / r/circleprivate too . 
  i 've been inside and seen some things you would n't even imagine . 
  terrorist cancer, 
  honestly who gives a shit about race relations when children are being raped . 
  try them all and never let them touch a child again . 
  that 's the crux of the issue here , not for people to prove their leftist or right wing politics . 
  even in countries which do n't have an official religion , the major one is often given so many privileges that it might as well be the case . 
  sri lanka is an example where buddhism is so integrated and such a part of the national identity , that separation of church and state is almost non existent . 
  exactly . 
  it 's also the change of scenery as much as it is lack of responsibilities . 
  once you start living somewhere , you begin to notice the mundanity and the faults of the place much more . 
  travelling is a hand picked platter of a countries nicest attractions and experiences , of course it 's going to feel freeing . 
  the us did not infiltrate ukraine . 
  i 've no doubt you 'd be decrying `` pagan brainwashing '' if that was the case . 
  okay grand dragon , you do n't need to post it twenty times . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the statement . 
  having children is the best thing a person can do , provided they can take care of them . 
  of course a lot of people in the west put them off for their own personal wants , rather than out of inability to care for them .
