  the nicest seafood i think i 've ever had was tempura king prawns on waiheke island . 
  though it 's hard to beat the akaroa fish and chip shop too . 
  i do n't really understand - do n't you believe christianity is a `` fairy tail '' as well ? 
  if so , then what 's the harm of teaching them the original fable of christmas as well ? 
  let 's not forget that muslim faith schools in the uk are being funded by saudi 's and using saudi textbooks influenced by wahabbi teachings . 
  when we have imams in britain who are being imported from the gulf states and bringing their toxic ideology with them , then cutting this foreign funding and influence off would help make integration much easier . 
  it 's not irrelevant when it 's the launching point for his diatribe against the entire nation . 
  it does n't really speak well for his argument when his very first point is completely wrong . 
  every post you 've made in this thread , you 've done nothing but misrepresent the users that you 're replying to . 
  no i agree that it does n't mean that the following statements are n't true , it just casts some doubt on his accuracy when he 's incorrect about his first statement . 
  `` logic and reason '' are nothing but buzzwords to jihadis . 
  you are not going to convince someone who is so invested in their extreme ideology . 
  if you 've lived there for 20 years , you 'd likely be a citizen already . 
  no , it 's a newspaper . 
  lol . 
  why not a shrine to tengri while we 're at it . 
  at least for me personally , i could n't go without photoshop/creative suite . 
  there are just too many niche windows programs as well that will never see support . 
  is it really surprising that they 've spent longer on the windows version , given that it was windows exclusive for so long ? 
  i 'm a new zealander that very briefly looked at doing some esl work overseas . 
  hong kong always seemed quite stringent in their requirements for teaching at language centers/english schools - you needed an accredited tesol certificate with 120 hours and in class experience . 
  it 's certainly true across the border in the mainland that any white westerner can get a job teaching english , but i do n't believe it 's the case for hong kong or taiwan/korea/japan . 
  / u/mod83 probably knows more about the subject though , since he 's an actual english teacher . 
  if you have grandparents born in the uk you can get an ancestry visa . 
  i believe italy offers a similar scheme too . 
  that 's pretty racist to us south island folks, 
  yeah i think some of us probably would fuck off to the uk if we were given citizenship . 
  yeah , i doubt istanbul , cape town or santiago are particularly dangerous . 
  i would n't be surprised if areas as large as 90 % of some unsafe countries had safe tap water . 
  of course there will be pockets in second world countries where the water is unsafe , but it certainly does n't mean the entire countries supply is undrinkable . 
  [ literally this ] ( http://assets.hardwarezone.com/img/2013/07/p5001.jpg ), 
  did you make a custom tagpro wallpaper ? 
  what are your thoughts on the current situation of christianity in denmark ? 
  people are reading far too much into this , without any other context or knowledge of the couple . 
  because he got sick of her teasing he 's somehow a wife beater ? 
  please . 
  i 'm going to buck the pubescent hive mind and say i support these changes . 
  younguns are always dying of alcohol poisoning and this is the only way to fix it . 
  i 'm glad to have shelled out for the repeated rates increases and endured the building noise of half the houses around me being rebuilt , when we have such a forward thinking council . 
  the next step should be to ban ( in no short order ) : concerts , condoms and/or sexual relations ( this creates the problem in the first place ) , universities , video games , paintball , oxygen , spray paint , sub $ 2000 vehicles , immigration , student loans , instant noodles and all other things that act as magnets for devilish young folk . 
  once this is done we can finally rebuild not only our city , but a safer society . 
  please source your claim about `` sex prisons '' because i ca n't find it . 
  the magdalene laundries were horrible institutions , but calling them `` sex prisons '' is hyperbolic . 
  except it did occur , perhaps not as frequently as roman historians claimed but in many pre abrahamic religions and cultures it consistently occurred . 
  for all the brutality of the old testament , at least the jews did n't stoop to human sacrifice like their neighbors . 
  the egyptians had servants to the pharaoh buried alive , and the moabites and phonecians were reported to have practiced it as well . 
  he 's saying the primary `` sin of sodom '' was selfishness and greed instead of sexual perversion , which is a view shared by several theologians . 
  all of europe was historically pagan if you go back far enough , but that 's a meaningless descriptor . 
  ireland has been christian for more than a millenia , it 's pointless to say it is historically pagan when for the past thousand years that has n't been the case . 
  it 's like calling italy `` historically pagan '' , if you conveniently ignore the last 1600 years . 
  yes but your label has connotations of the women being sexually exploited , like a `` sex dungeon '' . 
  and according to roman historians like plutarch , as well as many modern historians . 
  can you please source your claim about human sacrifice in abrahamic religions ? 
  they all practiced animal sacrifice , but human sacrifice was forbidden in levitical and quaranic law ( sans the binding of isaac , which never eventuated . ), 
  it 's one of the reasons why they thought themselves more righteous and the pagan religions barbaric . 
  it 's worth looking over the wikipedia article , it has no mentions of it occuring amongst jewish communities . 
  of course these will only account for widely spoken languages , which might be lazy but it 's to be expected . 
  and yes , i 'm certain it means `` hardest to acheive fluency in '' - what other goal is there for learning a language ? 
  your example with learning italian is n't fair - you would need to compare learning both languages in the same situation i.e immersively . 
  with chinese it 's not only the tonal factors to account for , but the lack of shared vocabulary with english compared to words of latin origin in the romance languages , as well as a shared alpahabet . 
  is it really bad linguistics to complain that chinese , a language that developed isolated from european languages for millenia , is harder to learn for native english speakers ? 
  from looking at the behaviour that some expats in china demonstrate on internet forums , any ego is certainly undeserved . 
  heretic burnings or witch burnings were not human sacrifices , because they were not offered up as a blood offering to appease the deity . 
  they also occurred far less frequently than is commonly believed . 
  i do n't dispute that there was persecution towards pagans , that is heavily documented , however these killings were not done for appeasement of their gods , unlike human sacrifice in mayan and near eastern pagan religions . 
  again i 'll ask you to source a claim about actual human sacrifice amongst abrahamic religions whose texts all strongly condemn it , otherwise i do n't believe your claim is true . 
  my dispute is n't whether abrahamic religions are worse ( though personally i do n't think they are ) than pagan religions , but that you 're not being accurate with your claims . 
  some low income parents can barely afford a single uniform as it is . 
  it defeats the entire purpose of a uniform if you offer students choice , as students will be differentiated by the choices they make . 
  you see this in the us , where there are no uniform restrictions - the most popular and wealthiest kids all wear nice clothes . 
  no , it 's pointing it out repeatedly even to the point where its irrelevant to the discussion . 
  that 's why half this site hates the supposed `` master race '' . 
  really ? 
  it 's a good game but it 's definitely not a system purchase for me . 
  mario kart 8 was a bigger incentive personally . 
  the second zelda i played was the gamecube version of twilight princess . 
  it 's still pretty good with the wii motion controls though , and backwards compatible . 
  but surely more expensive ... 
  this has nothing to do with immigration though , nor does the economy in this case . 
  japan was just hit terribly hard by the recession . 
  i stumbled upon this tonight . 
  it 's a pretty great acoustic performance of latvia 's eurovision entry . 
  no , it was n't and this kind of cruel death ca n't be justified in christian teachings . 
  however it 's understandable given he 's likely seen his communities and friends murdered by the islamist scum that are resolute on committing total genocide against a christian community that has existed in syria for nearly 2000 years . 
  is it really though ? 
  i do n't expect a nintendo console to deliver proper multimedia features ; it did n't happen with the n64 or gamecube , both of which could have provided cd & dvd support but did n't . 
  when i think of a nintendo console , i think of strictly a games machine , which is what nintendo provide well . 
  yes the wii u and the 3ds 's os 's are terribly primitive , but they do exactly what they need to well , that is a basic platform for launching the games . 
  / u/isreactionary _ bot oreography, 
  / u/trollabot oreography, 
  probably hacked by the 9gags . 
  do you not think it `` cre-flow 's '', 
  no , but if the proposed eu refugee quota distribution goes ahead , there will be a wave of muslim refugees coming to britain . 
  i would disagree with that , and the fact that there 's a personality cult around john key . 
  the poster is showing their biases here , he is still very popular and is the leader of the country . 
  that 's why there 's so much media attention . 
  it 's the same for any other country with a majority elected leader . 
  the weather in auckland is very good . 
  wellington is notorious for being windy and christchurch has cold winters . 
  i would only advise living in auckland or wellington at the moment , since christchurch is still rebuilding slowly .
