  is there any other kind ? 
  i thought he was already on a team but ill definitely add him and jokes on you . 
  i heard reports you cut your teeth making memes . 
  is that correct ? 
  team caden ? 
  more like team gayden lolololol . 
  we have science , weed and hot swedish genetics on our side, 
  gtfo fundie, 
  accusing me of being a fundie ? 
  banned . 
  i 'm afraid you 're too late already but i have added you to the swedish upvote society . 
  swedish upvote society starting roster, 
  / u/jokes _ on_you, 
  / u/manwithoutmodem, 
  / u/oreography, 
  / u/totallynotcool, 
  / u/fritzly, 
  i would just like to mention that foul play has already occured , with a member of another meme team harassing users in our subreddit in this thread http://www.reddit.com/r/swedishupvotesociety/comments/2auobf/what_if_i_told_youthis_is_the_official_meme_team/, 
  useless is more accurate . 
  if cameron said something it would be newsworthy but clegg really is a joke of a politician . 
  the lib dems are on track to be overtaken by ukip as the main third party next election . 
  tachymetre or rice_22 , anyone want to take bets ? 
  wow . 
  what a cool website !, 
  can you give a source that 's not your ass ? 
  / r/australia is doing everything in their power to let you know about their fuhrer . 
  yes , a murder accured inside a refugee camp , just as they can in any other refugee camp . 
  that 's the key term there , refugee camp , not a concentration camp . 
  people are not systematically being murdered as in concentration camps . 
  perhaps they 're not being treated as well as they should be , but bullshit hyperbole just discredits your opinion . 
  oh my god this is an actual ad . 
  stay brave reddit . 
  le this . 
  when nietzche talked about the ubermensch he meant me !!, 
  [ yes it 's a real book , but nothing to do with gay rights obviously http://www.amazon.co.uk/science-appendix-translated-commentary-kaufmann/dp/0394719859] ( / ooc ), 
  #### why do n't you go fuck yourself like you 've fucked most of amerikkka . 
  it does matter , to jews . 
  they were never intended for gentiles , hence why they are referred to as judiac law . 
  there is an element of that but isis are fanatical thugs with no regard to those that disagree with them . 
  they have been attacking shiite muslims even more mercilessly than christians in the country . 
  i pray that they will somehow be expelled from iraq and syria but the governments of both countries seem hopeless . 
  well thank god then , though it does n't diminish the persecution that people are living under . 
  it 's odd that so many news sources supported the story though . 
  i got their quiz leaflet today . 
  their proposed threshold is over 76 % support . 
  i think you mean green party promotion . 
  why are you leading your flock astray from the truth ^ tm ? 
  i saw these at golden in mong kok when i was last over earlier in the year . 
  they were so well reproduced i actually asked if they were the real deal . 
  i skipped breakfast and had a fresh one for lunch from a bakery in truro . 
  best thing i had in the uk . 
  lol at the downvotes . 
  1815 never forget !, 
  sorry , i just xposted this from / r/hongkong, 
  the problem is that although hong kong should really be autonomous , it is n't in practice . 
  as the article points out there have been more and more interference into the domestic affairs of hong kong by beijing . 
  all the latest news out of the sar has shown that the government , particularly cy leung the current chief executive , is little more than a puppet of the ccp . 
  it 's not possible to be a trade partner with hong kong without being a trade partner with the country pulling the strings . 
  for those unaware , due to little public transport available in new zealand these are what most new zealanders ride to work each day . 
  here you can see it without harness as it is clearly taking a break from its transportation duties . 
  but they have less ongoing expenses for the business than hiring staff, 
  upvoted entirely with my own volition . 
  that 's a really nice meme !, 
  the thing is the frame was n't ridged or broken so i 'm not sure if it was poor photo paper or something else . 
  but think about how smug we can feel asking him questions about weed and minorities , then downvoting all his answers . 
  is anyone elses epeen erect ? 
  thank you for the response . 
  the photos may have been stored in the garage for a short while , but i believe it was mostly indoors . 
  your theory definitely makes sense . 
  no u, 
  do you honestly think even with thousands of dollars of weaponry and equipment you could just get into the country and assassinate him ? 
  do n't you think the cia have already thought about that . 
  how would you get in , just parachute in ? 
  you realize they have radar and would find you , then torture you until confessing being a spy and then promptly executed . 
  their military is all over the country and assuming you 're not korean , you would certainly stick out, 
  \\  srs satellite sub, 
  this is serious sheeple !!, 
  i 'm glad you cited as prestigious an institution as urban dictionary to make your point . 
  clearly we 're dealing with some serious claims . 
  you 're literally worse than srs, 
  no u !, 
  that does n't really work for new diseases where there is no cure . 
  the world has been exposed to pre-existing conditions and can treat them , but if a new superbug comes up its much harder to contain it in a globalized world since it can spread faster than it ever has in the past . 
  i believe the bubonic plague still exists in parts of africa, 
  he did n't even sleep with her, 
  downvoted . 
  if you would like to say this , please say it in meme format . 
  this is most inappropriate for a christian subreddit !, 
  if you would like your post approved , please do so in a meme format . 
  thank you and have a lovely day . 
  what if i told you, 
  you should soften your heart , friend . 
  i am also very interested in this . 
  teach away seem to have a lot of job postings , on their own site , esl cafe and others . 
  if you really want it , i think the shipping on this site is fairly reasonable, 
  do whitakkers have a peanut butter chocolate ? 
  you can already buy it online !!, 
  that 's some solid evidence right there . 
  i 'm so glad we have a voice of reason in this thread . 
  i certainly think that if that 's what he was forced to do , it would be completely uncalled for .
