  i genuinely think it could be made into a decent video game movie . 
  piss off poor boy , we 're true christians !, 
  all the top samsung phones have mhl integrated into the micro usb port and with an adapter can be outputted via hdmi, 
  could n't you get an ipad and a different phone ? 
  damn right . 
  if it 's anyone who 's name should be upheld its your ambassadors . 
  good luck finding buddhists , christians or jews killing diplomats . 
  can you just piss off now ? 
  we get it , you hate him . 
  it 's just getting repetitive seeing you on every thread . 
  `` if it sounds good we 'll go with it '', 
  honestly if you want good intelligent discussion go to / r/trueatheism or / r/christianity . 
  i honestly think / r/atheism has the biggest difference between upvoters and commenters . 
  even when the comments that call out the image are the only ones upvoted , the flawed logic or meme posted will have hundreds of upvotes . 
  le builders were forced by the catholic church to build these . 
  atheist buildings are a million times more beautiful !, 
  and put it on kickstarter . 
  na , stupid idea . 
  not like it would raise [ $ 59,000 ] ( http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1497254033/atheist-shoes ), 
  any ideology can become dogmatic if given the chance http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cult_of_reason, 
  do you guys think you would have been better off under shafik ? 
  sorry i really do n't understand your argument . 
  i can easily accept that you do n't see proof for god , but then you state that you can not accept that an, 
  `` all powerful , all knowing , all encompassing being '' could not be eternal ? 
  if you accept all the other characteristics that he is omnipotent , omnipresent , omnipotent as being valid then what 's the issue with the ` alpha and omega '' aspect ? 
  if a god was n't eternal it would defy sense , since he would have to have been created or formed by something more powerful , that has control over him . 
  le glorious garden of biological knowledge , sub saharan africa . 
  ooc it always strikes me as odd that / r/atheism blatantly bash america and then worship nasa , a government program !, 
  the disparity between the two is so large you would almost thing nasa was le swedish . 
  so i was standing in a rather large line at my local warehouse today behind a couple families that i know from when i went to church with my family in year younger . 
  it was the only register open so there was n't much of another option to get my 12 pack of mountain dew for a party i was heading to . 
  i was wondering why the line was going nowhere when i decided to poke my head up front to see what the holdup was . 
  it was a little old lady who did n't have enough for her groceries and she was trying to talk the cashier into letting her get away with being short . 
  this struck me as odd until i found out she was a mere $ 0.21 short of her purchase . 
  now all these families were just staring and there was even two making fun of her . 
  i walked up and handed my soda to the cashier , handed him a $ 5 and told her to keep the change . 
  one of the middle aged women ( i knew these people , so i also knew that they all make over 6 digits ) grabbed her kid and yelled very loudly , `` see that man ? 
  he 's acting just like jesus wants us to . '', 
  for some reason this set me off , so i turned around . 
  i have n't shaved in awhile so i 'm rocking some nice scruff , a slayer shirt , and gym shorts , so it must have been a nice sight . 
  very loudly , i said `` like jesus ? 
  ma'am i 'm an atheist who makes minimum wage and i was the one who stepped up to help her ? 
  your hypocritical christianity is an inspiration to us all . '', 
  as i stormed out , a couple of the cart boys started to whistle and cheer , soon shoppers joined in and even the cashier . 
  i gave a wave and went off with a feeling of accomplishment . 
  cbhs and shirley is about the stupidest move i can think of . 
  i can understand some of the merges ( lyttleton seems an obvious one ) and schools in the east , it seems ridiculous that some of our schools with the highest roll counts are being merged . 
  if a school has earthquake damage and plenty of students the solution is n't to get rid of the school it 's to rebuild the buildings . 
  i can understand if some classes need to be merged while a rebuild takes place , but merging high schools with huge attendance is a bad idea . 
  i do n't think that 's particularly rare , since it has a kindle edition, 
  man , this is like nectar for neckbeards . 
  its the japanese xl, 
  i played the psp port and it was really buggy, 
  none since i have an android phone . 
  i guess it would be nice if they ported free games on the e shop though . 
  if you do n't have one i really recommend upgrading . 
  ds games look great and there are flashcarts compatible . 
  so nobody ever converts to religion then right ? 
  yeah, 
  the south island is much better than the north . 
  spend some time in nelson , the marlborough sounds and golden bay area . 
  kaiteriteri is a beautiful beach with golden sands . 
  take the transalpine train from christchurch to greymouth . 
  you 'll see stunning views of the southern alp mountains . 
  i 'd just spend a day in chch - visit riccarton rd for the shops , maybe do willowbank to see the kiwis - or you could do auckland zoo instead . 
  you could fly home from chch since it has an international airport so finish your journey in the south coming down from auckland . 
  also , hit up / r/newzealand or / r/australia . 
  i think a week in sydney is a bit much , i 'd do melbourne as well . 
  the gold coast + brisbane is really nice as well if you had time . 
  since borderlands is heavily focused on multiplayer pirating is n't much of an option . 
  or facebook . 
  pretty sure the whole worlds on that , so wheres jesus ? 
  checkmate fundies . 
  may i direct you to a similar [ post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/militantatheism/comments/uvqeo/fuck_god/ ), 
  load of crap i 'm afraid . 
  it 's true that their major customer was the church , they were n't forced at all - it 's just that they had a lot of money to spend on paintings . 
  you 'll find another common painting from artists during the period was portraits of noblemen - as again they had the money . 
  it was n't forcing or stifling artistic creativity , it was painting what they could make a living from . 
  that 's true but almost every one of those tenants is praised in the new testament . 
  to say that christianity denys these things is ridiculous , it 's just not what gets you to heaven . 
  moderates enable fundamentalists !!!, 
  definitely worth it . 
  theatrhythm final fantasy and pushmo are good as well , kh3d feels like a console game though . 
  this will probably answer all your questions, 
  yeah it was, 
  i believe there were fragments of an arrow by the skeleton which is quite specific, 
  it 's too hard to jerk when the saganometer is recording mass bravery every day . 
  i 'll wait for the day when a justin bieber quote gets posted with a space background and lapped up by slathering neckbeards . 
  until that day these scientists do n't really have any excuses, 
  ah , the old reddit switcharoo !!, 
  why is it that sexuality gets thrown out the window when discussing paedophilia ? 
  i understand that people could use it as ammo against homosexuality despite it being a flawed argument , but if a paedophile exclusively has sex with young boys then he would be a homosexual paedophile , just as a male paedophile that has sex exclusively with young girls would be a heterosexual female . 
  it does n't matter whether they 're straight , bisexual or gay there 's no way you can excuse what they do , but why do we have to pretend that only straight people can be paedophiles ? 
  haha the funniest thing about that post was that no `` fundies '' were even attacking the image . 
  but after the post on / r/atheism they all rushed to praise dr pepper while singing to the choir . 
  `` you 're either with us , or you 're with the fundies ! '', 
  - george `` not so bad a guy so must be atheist '' bush, 
  how is it not on topic . 
  the topic is - why is / r/atheism bad ? 
  i admit there 's a bit of hyperbole in the post but it 's hardly off topic .
