  wildlife is great . 
  we have some really interesting native species , and aside from katipos and white tail spiders ( neither of which are fatal , only give minor bruising ) there really is nothing dangerous . 
  for housing look at trademe.co.nz . 
  for job hunting also look at trademe , and seek.co.nz, 
  new zealand citizens can live in australia visa free indefinitely , however do not recieve welfare and other benefits of australian citizens or australians in nz . 
  there is a large kiwi population in australia . 
  pay wise , job wise and purchasing power wise you are better off in sweden or another eu country like the uk . 
  i would only suggest new zealand if you really liked the lifestyle here , which is more laidback than in sweden . 
  have you considered coming here on holiday to get a feel for the country ? 
  [ no , its not very good ] ( http://d2oah9q9xdinv5.cloudfront.net/images/games/1/29/28077/boxshot-960x1320.png ), 
  at least for me , the most widely available bundle is the mario kart 8 one . 
  you can probably get it on a good discount , and at least for me personally , it 's the best game on the system . 
  there 's infinite re-playability with the online . 
  just fyi , mario party 10 is considered something of a disappointment . 
  for a multiplayer title , mario 3d world is much much better, 
  it 's not just australia ^ ^ ^ well ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ mostly, 
  that 's great man , you 'll love them both . 
  add me to your friends list : oreography2 . 
  as others have echoed , he simply sounds rude . 
  i 've got a brazilian penpal and she was saying the same thing about another new zealander she met online . 
  she mistook him for an australian and he went on some indignant rant about how stupid she was . 
  i just laughed at the story , because self deprecation is maybe the defining new zealand trait . 
  if you ca n't laugh at yourself over simple mistakes like that , then you 're going to have a tough time making friends in nz . 
  people would get very mad , but you 'd make your islamists in the akp and rural turkey very happy . 
  personally , although i would like to see it as a church as it was for nine centuries , it 's impossible . 
  it is the sign of the ottomans victory . 
  keeping the status quo of having it as a museum is really the best option for all parties . 
  hilarious that the nation that is the net receiver of the most funds from the eu is saying this, 
  excellent comment . 
  i believe that like with all things , it 's moderation that 's important . 
  obviously intentionally seeking out violent and crude things to the point of them becoming your main source of media should be discouraged , as they will be the biggest proportion of media that affects your thoughts . 
  also , there are more harmful things ( pornography , gore etc ) that should be totally avoided , but so long as media with foul language or violence does n't become your main source of media , i do n't think it 's a problem . 
  ** mario kart 8 **, 
  enjoying the online a lot with the wii u. 
  it offers so much replayability , especially with the dlc . 
  i have noticed that there 's a little too much track repetition , though that 's the fault of the users selections . 
  some nice monuments . 
  i ca n't say i recognized many of the african ones . 
  not quite an `` hd polish '' but the psp remake of the original ( mega man powered up ) was very good . 
  still a better strategy than arming fundamentalists . 
  mario 3d world is mario 3d land u. 
  there 's nothing new about it , but it is a great game . 
  and born into a culture foreign to their host countries . 
  the number of white westerners joining isis is so minimal , that they make headlines whenever it happens . 
  pol pao must be stopped with our downvotes !!, 
  islam is monotheism , but so is zoroastrianism . 
  the claims made about the nature of god are different in the quran , as they are in the avesra and so we do n't acknowledge them as christians . 
  the world needs to know your beautiful face bb, 
  the multiplayer always lags for me . 
  kb + m is total shit for a third person action adventure game . 
  the best thing about the pc port , were that it was insanely well optimized , and there were mods for an grappling hook with no distance limit , as well as getting all vehicles and store items free . 
  you 're getting plenty of syrian 's turk , so i would n't be so smug . 
  unrelated , but i always thought the subreddit title was `` gentle man boners '' , as because there 's no nudity and the content is tame , it would n't give you a rigid boner . 
  ah yes , men living in a bubble . 
  i guess that bubble just got ... popped . 
  i highly recommend this lady . 
  she 's a family friend and has a small scale operation , but is very good value . 
  still waiting for a souvlaki shop called `` remove kebab '', 
  here is your response, 
  / u/isreactionarybot oreography, 
  yeah his constitution was a total farce , for all his democratic credentials . 
  but if you look at it without your glasses ... 
  should be giving them speeding tickets, 
  it 's not racism . 
  racism is power + privilege and therefore maori 's ca n't be racist . 
   diamonds , gold , white people, 
  i kinda want to steal this as a troll flair . 
  it sounds like the bad history equivalent of `` guns , germs and steel '', 
  not in america , but by world population standards , people of european ancestry are in the minority . 
  not that that makes his rant remotely defensible , as i somehow doubt he would be equating black people to any precious metals . 
  the only game i would say is an incredible exclusive has been gravity rush . 
  nothing else has made me really value my purchase - aside from playing persona 4 sometimes , i have n't really touched it in a year . 
  [ i think the gameplay looksgood , it 's just the graphics do n't look impressive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6peecny0sc ), 
  mario kart 8 is the best game i 've played all year . 
  with the dlc adding 16 tracks and great online , you can play it for ages . 
  not to mention the graphics look amazing . 
  slowly but surely . 
  you can of course still buy the 20ish n64 games they released in the wii mode . 
  there 's way more than that , and rayman is multiplat . 
  i certainly do n't, 
  [ chrono cross ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rokcr2otgws ), 
  also i would say most 90s square rpgs + kingdom hearts, 
  the most likely scenario is that it receives a port a few years after the console release , like with ff xiii and probably the ff vii remake . 
  it 's just going to end up being like the dsi - the features utilized by a handful of games but hardly any others . 
  i think developers may start to add some additional features in 3ds games on the new 3ds , but still retain the bulk of functionality for games on the standard console . 
  what about xenoblade and star fox ? 
  the problem is all the other big platforms have e3 as their reveal event , whereas nintendo is now using treehouse events and social media to debut their games at an even pace throughout the year , as well as other conferences . 
  people still have the expectation of nintendo to show everything at e3 , as it 's what everyone else does . 
  [ speaking of f zero , this looked surprisingly good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mythosttgw ), 
  i thought it and uncharted 4 had the most impressive trailers/demos . 
  i know black science man would n't be so well off it was n't for it . 
  gravity rush 2 is just about the only game i 'm keeping my vita for . 
  if it 's on ps4 then i 'm just going to sell mine , unless they get full homebrew working . 
  ironically , the only way to play it on vita will be via the remote play they 've been touting so much . 
  compared to the vita , the wii u has infinite support . 
  at least there 's several aaa games coming out in the next few months . 
  there are different forms of democratic political systems yes , but reputable ones all share a similar feature, 
  the candidate 's you are able to vote for , are not chosen by the existing government , or a higher external authority , and there is a choice of candidates across multiple political parties . 
  these are the basic requirements for a transparent election , and are clearly what the majority of hong kong citizens , the pan dems , and the colonial government prior to the handover were wanting . 
  this is not the case with what beijing is asking of hong kong , where there is no transparency in the choice of candidates , and the candidates are all very much vetted and approved by beijing .
