  i had an osprey daypack with me though , and really recommend the brand . 
  all the bags come with a lifetime warranty . 
  do you want to take everything in carry on , or are you checking in your luggage ? 
  if not , look at the [ osprey porter 46 ] ( https://www.ospreypacks.com/nz/en/product/porter-46-porter46.html ) . 
  it 's highly recommended , and a very good backpack . 
  for a higher end option there 's the goruck gr2 and minaal carry on 2.0 . 
  i also like the look of the patagonia mlc 45 , which is a hybrid duffel and backpack , but probably is a less effective backpack than the other choices . 
  all of these are 45l or below . 
  if you are checking in your luggage , then look at some of their larger bags . 
  potentially a good compromise between suitcase travel and backpack travel is a hybrid `` wheeled '' backpack . 
  osprey do several of these too , and they all have good reviews . 
  for a large bag , the [ osprey meridian ] ( https://www.ospreypacks.com/us/en/product/meridian-75l-28-meridn28.html ) series , as well as the sojurn look quite appealing . 
  you can get it in a massive 75l , or in 60l and smaller options . 
  you can also use the packfinder on the osprey site . 
  they have some more traditional larger backpacks too . 
  some other brands to consider are deuter and possibly even kathmandu ( i know they have them in the uk ) . 
  for the osprey bags there will be multiple uk retailers , or you can buy online . 
  we got the racism reputation from the skinheads that used to be here in the 90s . 
  thankfully there was a big crackdown on them in the 2000s , and they 're now far less numerous than they used to be . 
  there will always be the odd weird racist on the bus , but i like to think most of christchurch is fairly accepting now . 
  nobody would complain about public transport if the options were as good as singapore , but when the network is as mediocre as it is , it 's hard to incentivize people changing their behaviour and taking the train . 
  i would love a proper metro system in christchurch , and people would use it if they actually invested millions into building it . 
  i mean frankly if the uk police kill anyone , it 's almost certain they 've been up to no good . 
  the british police are just about the most restrained force the western world , and despite heavy abuse do not lash out unless they 're physically threatened or assaulted in turn . 
  i was planning on going to brazil but due to unforseen travel problems , i ended up staying in chile for a week . 
  i really recommend santiago as a city . 
  i 've got some pictures [ here ] ( http://www.theoutpostblog.com/2017/07/16/the-view-from-santiago/ ) if you 're interested . 
  chile is the most developed latin american country , and despite it being winter , the temperatures were pleasant enough . 
  you can go on day trips to the andes , or venture further out and see patagonia or easter island . 
  it 's not the cheapest destination but i had a great time there . 
  this is fantastic op , but it must have taken you an absurd length of time to make it . 
  my drawing abilities are non-existent so sadly i could never do anything like this . 
  for any long term trip in the future it would be nice to do a collage of photos + memorabilia though . 
  mate , i feel your struggle . 
  i bought a car from a dealer and three days later it ran out of fuel . 
  i went to the bastard with my fuel receipt expecting him to cough up the cash but he just laughed at me . 
  these crooks need to be punished . 
  bring it all back is the best workout song imo . 
  second to stayin alive and killing in the name . 
  what keyboard do you use ? 
  november is a good choice to come as the weather will be nice . 
  your trip seems very rushed , and honestly i 'd be surprised if you can fit it all in , but theoretically you can provided you have your own car :d i do n't know about the itinerary in particular , but here are some more relaxing alternatives to some of the items on your list . 
  i 've done all of them myself . 
  - have lunch at a winery somewhere . 
  there are some nice ones in marlborough close to blenheim/picton which you could visit on your way to nelson , but also in the hawkes bay , canterbury and central otago . 
  they typically do very nice food . 
  - if you want to extend auckland for two days , you can have a nice relaxing day at [ waiheke island ] ( https://www.tripadvisor.co.nz/attraction_review-g255106-d8724003-reviews-waiheke_island-auckland_north_island.html ) it 's where a lot of wealthy aucklanders live who want to escape the hustle and bustle , and is a direct ferry from downtown auckland . 
  i highly recommend the king prawns at vino vino restaurant . 
  - taupo is a nice place to stop on the drive down , and is the midway point between auckland and wellington . 
  - a beach day at kaiteriteri . 
  really nice beach in the [ upper end of the south island ] ( https://www.tripadvisor.co.nz/attraction_review-g1088196-d1390099-reviews-kaiteriteri_beach-kaiteriteri_nelson_tasman_region_south_island.html ) . 
  - a day at hanmer springs for hot springs . 
  this is where all of christchurch goes for a quick weekend away , and the hot pools are a nice thing for couples . 
  it 's a really nice sceinic mountain resort town . 
  make sure to go to saints pizza for dinner . 
  if you 're taking sh7 from nelson then it 's a quick detour off the main highway . 
  - are you planning on doing the milford track ? 
  unless you book a tour which includes part of it , then two days at milford sound is too much . 
  there 's basically nowhere to stay there . 
  everybody does a cruise around milford sound , which is a great thing to do , but you 'll only need a day for it . 
  you drive from te anau to milford sound , so maybe spend the extra day in te anau relaxing . 
  i would personally skip fox glacier and greymouth , and go nelson - canterbury - wanaka - queenstown for the south island . 
  that way you can see the area around lake tekapo & mt cook on the way to wanaka & queenstown . 
  there are some lovely parts of the north island like the bay of islands and the coromandel , but if you 're rushing it , then auckland - rotorua - taupo - wellington would be my suggestion for the drive down . 
  hey op what model backpack do you have ? 
  pls respond, 
  pls , i need to know, 
  pls, 
  the problem with figures like robinson is that they 're tarred by association . 
  when nobody in the centre-right mainstream crowd is willing to hear your message , then inevitably you 'll get racists in amongst your supporters . 
  no matter what the persons intention , their reputation is ruined by easily finding links to the far right and white nationialists . 
  definitely do milford sound but the upper south island is a wonderful part of the country . 
  if i were you i 'd bypass waitomo and franz joseph , in favour of doing both golden bay/marlborough sounds/abel tasman & milford . 
  canterbury - otago is the best route down to queenstown . 
  christchurch can be skipped , but tekapo , mt cook etc are worth checking out . 
  if you need to stay near christchurch then spend a night in akaroa or hanmer springs . 
  you can [ swim with the dolphins ] ( https://blackcat.co.nz/swimming-with-dolphins ) in akaroa , which is a really nice experience , and they have the best fish and chips in the country . 
  no , i never would bother . 
  if you 're going to an ultra crowded area in mexico , then put your credit card in a neck wallet hidden behind your shirt , or somewhere deep inside your backpack . 
  obviously do n't ever carry your wallet in your back pocket either . 
  if you want a christmas-y holiday i would go to germany . 
  there are direct flights from toronto to berlin , munich & frankfurt . 
  german christmas markets are renound all over the world : this is the place that invented gingerbread , silent night and christmas trees after all . 
  on christmas day you would have to stay somewhere with meals included , as everything will be shut . 
  you can probably get some good hotel/apartment deals if you book in advance . 
  though on december 23rd you might be cutting it a bit fine to see the christmas markets . 
  you might find some ideas in the links below, 
  this tour company also promises a `` white christmas '' http://www.tailormadetravelling.com/infopage/guaranteed-white-christmas, 
  not really . 
  secession in some cases can be peaceful and entirely legitimate . 
  look at slovakia or montenegro for some recent examples . 
  one great thing about tours is that you meet people while you 're on them . 
  however , i agree with the lack of freedom , and i find a week long tour off putting as well . 
  my preferred approach now is what i did in chile - i stayed in santiago for a week and i took a tour to the andes , as i could n't have done it myself . 
  i also went on one of the free city walking tours and met some cool people . 
  with daytrips you have all the social advantages of tours , but you still retain the freedom to go wherever you want . 
   the british colonising australia was the greatest thing to ever happen to the aboriginal people, 
  steady on mate . 
  i 'm all against the vandalism or `` changing the date '' , but this is just ridiculous . 
  have you ever heard the phrase `` ignorance is bliss . '',
