  there 's a bunch of nonsense about us having a unique culture now , as if a few rugby games and sheep make up for the glory of the empire . 
  colonies should know their place so send the royal navy as soon as possible . 
  i 'll be waiting with tea and biscuits , and they will certainly not be anzac biscuits . 
  proper chinese made yorkshire tea and flavourless 90p digestives . 
  mmm, 
  that i do agree with . 
  hong kong should have been able to decide its own future like every other colony . 
  sadly as time goes on , it 's becoming more and more like another mainland chinese city . 
  there 's a lot of opposition within hong kong to the huge influx of mainland chinese . 
  several million in hong kong are still technically british nationals under the bno scheme http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_national_ ( overseas ) issued before the handover , yet the uk is n't going to do anything as trade with china is more important than upholding the system it agreed would be preserved in a former colony . 
  i stand corrected ... and the tea is all grown in ceylon and all the other colonies !, 
  this beverage is not for turning . 
  the attitude is perpetuated by the media because it 's based on facts . 
  despite the greens doing well last election and likely this election too , they will not surpass labours seats and certainly not nationals . 
  taiwan island , greater fujian province, 
  that is not proven beyond reasonable doubt , page rankings fluctuate all the time . 
  any ad revenue gained during the period can not be directly attributed to judith collins . 
  i do n't think so , i think it 's just because judith collins is such a high ranking mp that he 's reluctant to dismiss her . 
  she carries a lot of clout within the party and i 'm sure there are plenty of people closer allied to her than to key . 
  the social justice equivalent of a first world problem . 
  ** this is what all kkkristians believe !!, 
  her solution to all econonic woes is not to have children . 
  why did n't previous generations think of this genius advice sooner ?!, 
  omg dustin , i see u everywhere !, 
  are you at the sauna too ? 
  i really recommend gravity rush . 
  it 's not worth buying a system over , but it 's a really fantastic exclusive and probably my favourite game i 've played this year . 
  i bought a vita for ps3 remote play since as i have a cfw ps3 i theoretically would be able to play any ps1 or ps3 game in bed . 
  in practice it 's poor on my connection but i have been enjoying the exclusives as well as older games like ff9 which looks fantastic on it . 
  gamecube was n't the most powerful console that generation and lacked dvd playback , which was standard on all consoles after the generation aside from the wii . 
  nintendo 's handhelds have all been less powerful than the competition , from the game gear to the vita . 
  there 's a definite trend . 
  scotland actually want to use the pound , even though the treasury says it 's impossible . 
  even someone as deluded as salmond realizes the euro is unappealing . 
  for all those wondering , although hong kong controls its domestic affairs , foreign relations and defense are controlled by china . 
  hong kongers have long felt that china has been interfering in domestic affairs but military vehicles are not a anomaly as there is already a military base and military vehicles in hong kong . 
  ; _ ; - le new meme sad busted face, 
  christchurch too , i thought it was an anglican charity myself . 
  wow , you should write lyrics for @peace, 
  i 'd suggest womens refuge as well like others in the thread , though some womens shelters are also run by christians . 
  there may be a local farmstay for underprivileged kids since you said you 're in the waikato . 
  i did some volunteering with a canterbury one a few years ago and they really help give some sense of normalcy to children who are n't used to loving families . 
  one other option is just sponsoring oxfam/unicef/doctors without borders . 
  every dollar helps , especially with the situation in syria and iraq at the moment . 
  as a christian i think you have a misunderstanding of why there are so many christian charities . 
  we are told to emulate christ at all times and that '' ` whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine , you did for me . '', 
  ( matt 25:40 ), 
  people do n't do it just because god told them too , they have a real conviction to help those most in need because of their faith in god . 
  i agree there are some christian charities that are more focused on saving peoples souls than saving lives ( tear fund is one ) but they are in the minority . 
  charities like world vision , the red cross and christian blind mission do their utmost to help and evangelizing is secondary , if at all a feature . 
  i certainly understand your reservations as an atheist for not wanting to help christian charities , but please do n't assume people are all doing good out of some blind dogma . 
  they genuinely do want to help their fellow human beings, 
  i understood is was more about their religion . 
  they 've called them `` devil worshipers '' as well , though i suppose they 're just completely spiteful people . 
  they do n't need a justification to hate everyone else . 
  they were then stripped after the hand over by the chinese . 
  the chinese strongly criticized all the reforms that patten made accusing the british of reneging the terms of the handover . 
  thatcher herself said that if it was n't for the 99 year lease hong kong would have been independent long ago . 
  how dare the hong kong residents actually have a say in what they want . 
  it must be a western conspiracy if they possibly have different opinions from beijing , despite not being ruled by beijing for 150 years . 
  wake up sheeple . 
  make that three, 
  it 's not `` utter nonsense '' because the british only held a lease on half of the territory . 
  the people 's republic of china was viewed diplomatically the successor state to the qing dynasty , so they inherited the obligations of all treaties and commitments of the government of the former administration . 
  there were three treaties signed with qing china , two gave them hong kong island and kowloon in perpetuity , however they had a 99 year lease on the new territories which by the mid 20th century had been entirely integrated into the colony of hong kong . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_for_the_extension_of_hong_kong_territory it was not feasible to keep holding hong kong island and kowloon but give back the rest . 
  it was akin to owning brookyln and queens but only having a lease on manhatten and staten island . 
  deng xiaopeng himself said that if hong kong was not given back by the end of the lease the chinese would invade it within a week . 
  the british unfortunately had their hands tied , the current deal was about the best thatcher could get . 
  unfortunately it was n't anywhere near what the people of hong kong wanted or deserved . 
  there were papers made public recently showing that by the 1960s the british themselves had actually resigned that they would give up hong kong . 
  while they did have a desalination plant , there was n't enough farmland or other resources to make the place sustainable . 
  by the 1980s when china opened up many hong kong factories had moved into the mainland . 
  by that stage hong kong was too entwined with china for independence to ever be feasible , let alone mentioning their treaty obligations . 
  i believe the moon has a low homicide rate, 
  not even 5 million yet, 
  this has long been announced . 
  a movement called `` occupy central '' has promised civil disobedience and protests if they did n't achieve their demands , which were electing candidates that were n't screened by beijing . 
  they unsurprisingly have n't had their demands met and so will be scheduling protests . 
  you 're insulting him for swearing and then calling him a fuckwit ... 
  i do n't blame him though , it 's probably my favourite city in new zealand . 
  our family rented a house in tahuna for several summers . 
  i too possess a degree in japanese pop culture . 
  does he have some learning disabilities ? 
  i also have a friend like this on facebook who posts ridiculous and barely legible statuses in all caps . 
  it 's always more convenient to blame society than to blame yourself . 
  use xe.com 's currency charts to look at fluctuation within the past month or two, 
  can play them all on a backwards compatible ps3 . 
  also everything you listed is on standard ps3s in a hd collection or ps2 classic . 
  no i get that there are speedpads , but some people can zoom without them . 
  they get a sudden burst of speed near bases to capture the flag, 
  no , there 's some sort of powerup . 
  i saw someone with bunny ears i think, 
  can you charge your speed up ? 
  if that 's possible then i think that 's it . 
  i 'm sorry if these are obvious questions , it 's just there 's nothing in the instructions . 
  as a single issue voter , this is definitely a big turn off . 
  100 horse sized ducks or bust . 
  business interests with china are too strong . 
  if it was any other country the west would have greater clout , but the uk , the us and the wider developed world are too dependent on china .
