  in addition to the lack of games ( may possibly change but i think an android pc for gaming would be more viable at the moment ) there are many programs i use that there 's no linux version or even equivalent of . 
  also the windows shortcuts are so ingrained in me that it would take quite a while getting used to the linux ones . 
  i 'm glad valve is pushing into the linux space but i do n't think the financial payoff will be worth it . 
  the average consumer buys a computer and will never change the os . 
  they might install steam or use the windows store to buy some games , meanwhile gamers will install whatever os has the most games on - which i really do n't think will be linux ever frankly . 
  there 's a better chance of me switching to osx than to linux , and i prefer using linux to it . 
  amen to the books , that 's why i read chick tracks instead of the bible . 
  ### you bigot !, 
  you 're asking if hitler or hitlers children are to blame ? 
  stop hoarding all the upsagans fundie !!, 
  oh how the mighty have fallen, 
  ## lol sure . 
  and stalin was an atheist right ? 
  go back to church fundie . 
  god does n't believe in atheists . 
  just ask ray comfort . 
  an emulator for the 3ds is much closer than a 3ds emulator . 
  come back in five years and there may be a 3ds emulator for pc, 
  a lot of the people that voted for her do n't want gay marriage . 
  there 's your problem . 
  at least you live in a le atheist world then :( . 
  as a gay atheist alabaman half swedish checkout boy ( the checkout is also gay and atheist ) i 'm surrounded by oppressive fundies whenever i work at walmart . 
  one time i was standing in a rather long line there rocking some scruff and a bunch of fundies came in to buy guns and lard . 
  there was a poor transgender atheist philipino refugee who did n't have enough money to pay for her philipino stuff . 
  the fundies were laughing at her and then sagan whispered to me what to say . 
  `` strong then kill ! '', 
  i yelled and they were so compelled by my logic they convered to atheism on the spot . 
  unfortunately the aliebama police charged me with converting christians ( it 's literally illegal here guys !, 
  atheists ca n't serve in office and be converted under laws from the 1800s !!! ), 
  and took me to the penitentiary . 
  it was there i read the god delusion and carl sagan and fell in love with him literally . 
  all the prisoners picked on me for being atheist but one day i decided it had to end . 
  sagan still spoke to me and revealed to me the professional quote that would help me escape . 
  he also told me the truth behind the strength i had ... it was not shaving my neckbeard that would give me power to defeat the fundies . 
  i was chained up and all the fundie prisoners would throw rotten vegetables at me . 
  i spoke to them `` in this moment , i am euphoric . 
  not because of some phony societies shaving standards , but because i have power from my neckbeard . '', 
  the walls started shaking and sagan gave me the power to destroy the prison and kill all the fundies . 
  oh and i got awesome muscles ... and a swedish girlfriend ... and a town called al. . . atheism . 
  wow . 
  as a freshman student with a large ego but no knowledge of economics this sounds perfect !, 
  i also smoke weed regularly so i might be slightly biased ... but i 'm not . 
  they had to make it for the eu, 
  have you got a site/blog set up ? 
  regardless of how you feel of the trans community they 're guilty of brigading more than any other group on reddit . 
  / r/transgender should team up with / r/bestof to become / r/ruinasubsconversation, 
  when there 's something like 25 endings in the game you could have you ca n't really say that without specifying the ending . 
  i think just cause 2 was probably the best optimized pc port i 've ever played . 
  because america, 
  i think they just want a chance to pick on religion really , considering their comments in both places . 
  right and that 's perfectly understandable . 
  however there 's a tendancy on reddit to be contrarian for the sake of being contrarian and being so skeptical that the story reported could n't be remotely true even when it is . 
  from the accounts i 've read from venezuelan citizens both those who have fled the country and several on reddit , chavez 's leadership has ruined the countries economy . 
  they might enjoy free healthcare but getting access to anything but the most basic of provisions is incredibly hard . 
  the tax put on anything imported into the country is so hard it 's not even feasible except for the richest in the country like chavez and his political cronies . 
  well i guess some fundies do change after all . 
  bravo fellow saganite !, 
  #### oppression !!!!, 
  someone get the freedom from religion foundation on this stat !!, 
  the closeup of the eagle looks like s. ... bravery !, 
  no because judaism is the original faith where christianity and islam follow out of . 
  fascinating stuff . 
  if only the sheeple in the media would report such truths . 
  does anyone know what effects would have been used for this in photoshop ? 
  i actually quite like the effect since it 's not normal overexposed hdr . 
  in new zealand average new releases are round $ 75 us sometimes $ 80 + . 
  i usually import them from the uk or buy secondhand . 
  i suppose you want to get your money 's worth if you actually paid for it . 
  i 'm sorry i prefer illustrated one sided conversations that never took place owning fundies , also known as `` rage comics '', 
  there is no hope for those who have forsaken sagan . 
  be gone concern troll for you are unenlightened . 
  they 're all a bunch of selfish delusional traitors . 
  do n't let their pro drug reform stance fool you . 
  til malleus does n't like people touching his linkies, 
  haha `` destroys them on the inside '' . 
  i think you assume that redditors consciences actually weigh on them all that much . 
  it pisses them off sure . . then they go back to upvoting pictures of starving children in africa on / r/atheism that some phony god did n't bless . 
  you 're reputation is perfect if you do nothing and it 's always so much easier to do nothing and criticize others for making an effort . 
  no this is n't irrational ea hate . 
  they made the game impossible to pirate sure ( which i 'm sure some of the complaints are coming from to be honest ) but sim city is not designed to be a multiplayer game . 
  they 've forced multiplayer which is crippling their servers for the launch and hurt consumers who ca n't play the product they 've paid for . 
  seriously though you ca n't run any non web based programs on that thing . 
  even if a better digital distributor is released unless google is doing it , you 'll never be able to run it on your chrome book . 
  i thought this was a conspiracy theory joke but you 've been posting that racist crap in tons of threads . 
  arabs are people and deserve the same rights as anyone else on this planet . 
  do n't delude yourself with your bigotry . 
  aeratemark confirmed karma whore . 
  someone forgot to switch to his alt amirite ? 
  nobody got it but i thought it was kinda funny . 
  s :o brave, 
  i 'm a leopard mac osx , i seek to destroy all windows market share, 
  hear me out , windows are disgusting operating systems . 
  they do n't deserve to live . 
  i am a apple snow leopard . 
  i can devour operating systems with my programming , in a single lapse of eternity , i can make this world window-less . 
  do you support me , reddit ? 
  i currently live in california ( land of cupertino ) which is overcome by microsoft marketshare , but we still kept our leopard identity . 
  consumers have computers , but they 're too stupid to use them . 
  if you want to see apple snow leopard prospers , do n't do nothing , just hate windows . 
  that 's all i ask of you .
