  i honestly think a skyrim-esque open world home console release of pokemon would work better than a pokemon mmo . 
  they could start on their remakes again by releasing red & blue but in full hd 3d on the nintendo nx . 
  instead of the fixed top down confines of the game , all fields and areas are completely explorable and random encounters occur in the vast open fields where the pokemon live . 
  you could of course do battle online with other trainers at the designated battle areas just like in the mobile games . 
  unironically bought mine for kingdom hearts , then never even finished the game . 
  even though the statement was ridiculous , i loved how riled up pc gamers were when he said `` pc 's are just for doing spreadsheets '' . 
  tombi/tomba 3 . 
  they only ever got the game to an alpha stage but that series was one of the most enjoyable platformers on the playstation . 
  also the unreleased crash bandicoot . 
  because britain is n't ruling it . 
  well muslims do n't obviously . 
  if there 's a religious prohibition on drinking for immigrants , but drinking is part of your culture - then you 're going to have a cultural clash . 
  how many muslims do you know that go to the pub ? 
  i 'm sure some do , but anyone that takes their faith seriously would steer clear of a house of alcohol . 
  lets just say you will notice a lot fewer pubs than tea houses in the islamic world . 
  if the uk muslim population continues to grow , you will see pubs shut down in the areas they are most populous in , due to a lack of demand . 
  i do n't see pointing out cultural shifts as bigotry . 
  you 're welcome to look through my comment history , but i only ever talk about the problem when its relevant to the discussion . 
  i 'm aware that pub closures are n't unique to a changing ethnic makeup of an area - we have the same issue here with rural pubs closing which are in areas with a much smaller share of religious minorities than in the uk . 
  though the cause in new zealand is the change in drinking culture that has lead to people drinking at home , due to costly drink driving penalties and the depopulation of rural areas . 
  however the point is that pubs are an essential part of british culture , moreso than they have ever been in new zealand . 
  when there are no pubs in an area , it 's a sign of cultural change . 
  given that london is hardly economically suffering unlike parts of rural britain , the cause of the closures in newham is more likely the increasing demographic of ethnic minorities who do n't drink and never wish to set foot in pubs . 
  taiwan was a japanese possession for decades before japan invaded mainland china , so of course they were n't going to attack their existing territories as there was no conquest to be had . 
  a lot of people seem to forget that . 
  you mean defence of internationally recognized japanese territory ? 
  it 's clear if you read mao 's diaries that like most dictators he only ever cared about his vision . 
  why would he give two shits about dead peasants when there were millions more that were able to die in pursuit of his goal . 
  that may have been true in antiquity but it 's totally false from the age of mass communication brought about in the twentieth century which helps to solidify the facts , and in free societies where historians can provide multiple interpretations of events . 
  i can read perfectly well thank you . 
  you claimed, 
   pretty much no one in taiwan seems to care about the japanese, 
  there are reasons for this . 
  the decades of japanese rule before ww2 are looked at positively by many of the descendents of taiwanese who lived under japanese rule . 
  the reason why the taiwanese have `` gotten over it '' is because the japanese did n't commit the same atrocities in taiwan as they were n't conquering the island in the 1930s , and the roc government is likely to disagree with the prc for political reasons . 
  any negative memories toward the japanese from the sino-japanese war were offset from japanese colonial rule of taiwan and the subsequent kmt administration , who had closer relations to the pre and post-war japanese than the communists . 
  the end did n't justify the means though , that 's the point . 
  if millions died for a worthwhile pursuit then history would look favourably upon mao . 
  instead we had reforms that killed millions , the destruction of millions of priceless historical artefacts , literature , artwork , and temples that the mongols , japanese and no other invader had ever destroyed . 
  the man who built modern china was deng xiaopeng , not mao zedong . 
  he was responsible for the industrial powerhouse we have today . 
  mao not only killed millions but he dealt a blow to chinese culture that will never be recoverable . 
  is n't the entire point of referndums that they 're to decide the most important issues though - they 're the only element of direct democracy that the british parliamentary system allows . 
  i 'm sure people would have appreciated a referendum on the iraq war for example . 
  nobody would bother voting if referendums were on the most mundane issues . 
  elizabeth regina , empress lizard of all the earth ( pbuh ), 
  the swiss system is better in that politicians are held more accountable and their decisions represent the people better . 
  that 's the entire point of mps , unless you prefer the system of enlightened autocrats that the european comission provides . 
  just flip a coin lad . 
  pimms is good but gin & tonics are another idea . 
  this recipe is a good ratio . 
  ice in glass . 
  80-100 mls of gin to 200mls of tonic . 
  two lime wedges , one squeezed and discarded and the other placed into the drink . 
  possibly savoury scones as appetizers alongside the scones with jam and cream . 
  with lots of flags , bbq and lots of alcohol you ca n't go wrong . 
  as others have said it would be disastrous for business and the expats in the finance centres that contribute hugely to the economy . 
  english as an official language is n't some horrid legacy of colonialism , it makes hong kong unique in east asia and contributes largely to its success as a financial powerhouse . 
  the comic was biased towards remaining though , even if it addressed some criticisms the left might have had . 
  it did n't even acknowledge any of issues from a conservative point of view , and the idea to remain on the chance that the eu will reform and be `` more democratic '' is blind idealism . 
  you ca n't kick up a storm if you ca n't even propose legislation in the european parliament . 
  imagine if in westminister the queen proposed laws and conservatives , labour , lib dems etc could vote to amend them but there was no way of proposing anything new or truly substantive . 
  that 's essentially the situation in the european parliament . 
  no it 's not a condition of trading , it 's a condition of being within the common market which is the model norway opted for . 
  the uk can accept trade with the eu as any other sovereign country can if it leaves the eu and common market , but it will lose access to the current tarrif/tax free trade . 
  i think the point is that even from purely a left wing perspective the pros and cons are overly simplistic , and that does n't really give a fair evaluation of the issue . 
   turning your cheek is a philosophy of death, 
  turning your cheek to a murderer is . 
  turning your cheek towards someone who insults you or in petty conflicts is often a sensible decision and gives you the moral high ground . 
  i hardly think douglas murray is using lgbt rights as merely a political tool . 
  he 's concerned about his own self interests as a gay man , and correctly sees this ideology as a potential threat to the rights he has . 
  you 'll be surprised at what nintendo can optimize to run on the platform . 
  huge open world titles like just cause 2 , skyrim and gta v were all on last gen platforms with far less graphical power than the wii u, 
  no , and i never really play battle online . 
  they were just lazy with the battle mode . 
  get the dlc for the 16 new tracks though if you have n't already , it 's great value, 
  hahaha if only . 
  biggest complaint i had was the hand holding . 
  fii was probably the most annoying companion so far . 
  honestly i never felt the controls were lacking on gamecube . 
  aiming the bow was just like aiming a gun in any console fps . 
  given that motion controls were just tacked onto tp for wii , it did n't even feel that much better aiming with the wii mote . 
  yeah but latvian baristas enrich the uk too !, 
  right , i can imagine it was a marked step up from the n64 since you only had one analog stick . 
  i wo n't doubt motion controls for a bow were better , but overall the gc version of twilight princess had the better controls . 
  the motion controls felt tacked on for controlling most other items , . 
  no it 's not . 
  i think the differences between the seasons are more noticeable than the year round grey of the uk though . 
  there 's always a good summer in nz, 
  enjoy life imprisonment for repeated violations . 
  honestly the consequences are so great that they deter anyone from doing it ,, 
  started since rob `` no shrubbery under my watch '' muldoon passed the national gardening act in 1980 . 
  the euro would have been disastrous for the uk , because post 2008 you would n't have been able to control monetary policy . 
  in any non eurozone country the greeks , portuguese and others would devalue their own currency to cope with the crisis . 
  because the ecb set monetary policy across the eurozone , it was impossible for them to do this . 
  the bank of england was able to weather the storm , but the southern europeans already in debt were tied to a currency that was n't suited for the crisis and unable to make meaningful economic reform to deal with it . 
  it is not a win-win for greece and italy . 
  greece is only being kept alive by pumping in money from elsewhere in the eurozone into a dead economy . 
  the euro is great for germany but poison for other eu members . 
  oh i know , especially in the cornwall + the south west where it is quite temperate in summer .
