  `` hey man , do n't pee in the fountain ! '', 
  `` you 're obviously not cultured . . '', 
  the thing you 're not understanding is that a communist regime is an atheistic regime , the same way a european kingdom is a christian kingdom . 
  the reason they were persecuted yes was ` communist ideology ' but it was the atheism in the ideology that was why they claimed the persecution occured . 
  if communism allowed freedom of religion it would be strictly secular , not taking a side on an issue . 
  because it forbids any form of religion , it is not just atheism involved but anti-theism . 
  religion themselves ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  do you honestly believe the spanish kings , the french ... any past kingdom in europe fought wars and persecuted out of sincere devotion to their faith . 
  god was their power tool . 
  few were willing to question divine right in monarchial times , the same way few were willing to profess faith in the communist era . 
  what you need to realize is that any ideology can , and will be used . 
  i understand you object and say ` oh no , it was n't atheism that motivated stalin , it was communism ! ', 
  it 's like saying ` oh no , it was n't christianity that motivates michelle bachmann , it 's the tea party ! ', 
  it 's encompassed in the term , and such a huge part of the ideology that it would n't be the same ideology if it was removed . 
  this is why the mention of one always invokes the other . 
  no , i do n't believe that stalin killed people because of an undying love for an atheistic philosopy , the same way i do n't believe the kings of europe would kill and persecute because of a devout faith . 
  if stalin was a king he would have used religion to wipe out those who disagreed with him , if king ferdinand was general secretary of the communist pary he would have used the anti-theistic doctrine in communism to wipe out those who disagreed with him . 
  now do you understand ? 
  it 's not religion or atheism that kills people , but people in power who use it in the wrong way , to further their own power . 
  both involve killing the other person . 
  i agree though , that the atheist reponse was probably less serious than the ` evil christian on facebook ' example i see in r/atheism , both are equally pathetic . 
  3 ) a place where general biblical ignorance thrives . 
  you 're really doing fine , definitely better than most facebook users at least . 
  i personally would n't care , however if i was debating a neopagan who believed in the nordic myths , then i certainly should study up on them . 
  an atheist might not care if they did n't read the bible right , but if you 're arguing against a christian by using a verse , you should at least understand what your using . 
  nobody likes political billboards , and nationals are some of the worse . 
  but to deface them is blatantly illegal . 
  wonder what gareth will say about this ? 
  i 'm glad they fronted up about it , but it 's still a dirty tactic . 
  torrents are a bigger focus , but downloading copyrighted content from file hosting sites is still illegal . 
  it 's a lot less likely you 'll be targeted , but you can still be targeted, 
  it 's pretty obvious who you 'd vote for if you 're only interested in environmental concerns . 
  the site looks nice , but for an overview of party policy it 's pretty rubbish . 
  we want to know budget , taxation , foreign policy , maori issues , healthcare , education , christchurch , internet laws . 
  the environment is important politically , but not as as important as other things, 
  if i was arguing against someone , i would want to know their position and know what they believe in . 
  to do so otherwise would make me ignorant . 
  yes , i do believe the christian message is far stronger than nordic beliefs , and i doubt the number of practitioners of the nordic religion would be very high . 
  logically christianity makes more sense than the nordic religions , as it does n't claim to have a god in control of what we know now are purely natural things . 
  i might not take the nordic pantheon sincerely , but if i 'm debating about it i 'm damn well going to learn about it . 
  ( plus , nordic mythology is pretty cool ) it does n't matter who the group is , the point i 'm trying to make is that if you 're sincere in your beliefs ( or lack of them ) and you wish to challenge someone elses , it 's ignorant not to properly understand their belief system . 
  . it 's like arguing against an atheist on evolution ( a topic i presume they would be reasonably knowledgable in ) . 
  i would read about the subject and immerse myself in it , so that when i argue against it i would be knowledgable on it . 
  i would n't for example take darwins verse about the human eye not being possible through natural selection out of context and claim ` look guys , even darwin said he 's theory 's full of shit ' as so many christians have done . 
  instead i would see that darwin later on , explains how it is possible for it to have been created this way . 
  the same way atheists throw out levitical laws claiming ` oh yeah , wbc is doing it right . 
  if you want to be a christian you 've got to kill adulterers and homosexuals . 
  it says it in your book ! ', 
  i know bible verses do n't mean much to you , but to use them out of context , or not sufficiently understand them theologically like many a r/atheism poster has done is an ignorant practice . 
  if you want to challenge your opposition , you need to understand where they come from , and not merely throw out verses or quotes without grasping their meaning . 
  edit : `` bible verses , however , bear significance only when you acknowledge the existence of god and probably also that god had a hand in writing the bible '' no . 
  bible verses only bear truthfulness if you acknowledge the existence of god , they still bear significance . 
  if they were n't significant why would any atheist talk about them ? 
  they 're a very significant tool in challenging christians because it 's what we believe in ( although many of us interpret them in different ways ) so this is why it pays to actually understand them . 
  if you see jesus as god in another form then yes , god ( as jesus ) had nipples . 
  god in any other form . . probably not , but ultimately we do n't know . 
  as us_hiker says it does n't really matter . 
  we worship him with or without nipples, 
  interesting . 
  it still realtes to the birth of jesushowever . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noel . 
  i 'm sure the french are n't as concerned about it as the us are, 
  personally i do n't believe in a literal adam ( adam just means man in hebrew ) , i take the garden of eden as an analogy of how man drew away from god . 
  however i think you 'd probably say yes , however he did n't have a bellybutton as he never had an umbilical cord . 
  seriously though , there are slightly bigger questions to ask . 
  do n't think that 's really a muslim thing, 
  * everyone 's a natural born child who 's brain has n't matured to take an issue on the greater questions of life . 
  ftfy, 
  how do the two reconcile their beliefs ? 
  perhaps if they are n't affected by religion in their day to day lives ( which is the majority of those in scandinavia , most of europe , australia , canada , and new zealand ) do n't really care about the issue so much , and are n't out to convert people to their cause . 
  you can be an atheist and not be preachy , same as you can be religious and do the same . 
  wow , what a story !, 
  keep going strong brother , we all love you . 
  i 'm sure you 're very knowledgable about it all then.jesus is the centre of our faith , but in order to know how and why he came it helps to look at the old testament and compare the old and the new covenant . 
  just one thing , some of the old testament books are not meant to be taken literally , especially genesis . 
  you can see the garden of eden story as one man who screwed up the rest of the world , or you can see it as how man over thousands of years drew away from god ( adam after all means man ) the new testament is most important though , so i would start tere and work backwards . 
  remember to place everything in its historical context and you 'll understand the ot more !, 
  shame on them . 
  i and most other people in the thread believe you . 
  you 'd have to be a real asshole to make up something like this . 
  well , if you still insist on taking it literally , be my guest . 
  if you do , you might want to pick an interpretation that 's actually supported . 
  this is the only rage comic i think i 've seen here that 's actually funny . 
  witty , precise and a damn good joke even to a christian . 
  makes more sense, 
  i do n't get why forever alone neckbeard atheists do n't like it ? 
  i 'd love a copy , if you 'd be so very kind . 
  $ 6 for deluxe !, 
  i just bought it , give someone truly poor the gift op . 
  that 's the thing with peta . 
  they do n't care about the children dying in africa , only the poor cows that are getting eaten as they have been for millenia . 
  mama , do n't go !, 
  honestly it 's pretty hard to defend it . 
  i torrent , but i do n't do so realizing my actions are right . 
  what about when it 's a steam game ? 
  your not stealing a disc , only a digital copy . . i know they go overboard about the ` lost sales ' but the majority of us do n't buy the stuff we pirate unless it 's really good . 
  please let this troll, 
  but doing that will make them support this stuff more . 
  if their piracy go 's down , they 'll be less concerrned about sponsoring these things,
