  nobody cares about semantics , both are equally disgusting . 
  if they can put nukes in scotland , they can put them anywhere !!!, 
  mwahahaha ^ ^ ^ god ^ ^ ^ save ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ queen, 
  their flag was n't good enough !, 
  ha , it only took them thirty years after getting rid of their mad dictator whose centrally planned schemes led to millions of his own people starving . 
  but please , do go on about how the ccp just love to embrace change . 
  well , at least that 's possible . 
  not plausible , but still possible . 
  they 're not more important but they are more relevant . 
  news media for every country focuses on their own country first , as it more directly affects them . 
  that does n't mean that the plight of people overseas is less terrible , it just means it does n't affect people in the way that events happening in their own country does . 
  nice to see the glass half empty version of nationalism . 
  phrased another way , `` i only live here because it 's better than other countries '', 
  god save the empire , god save crumpets , god save strawberry jam and all the different varieties , and god save the queen . 
  perhaps not , but driving controls are always better with a controller . 
  of course , i mean threads like this are entirely about your personal views and everyone has a different experience that forms them . 
  speaking as a filthy colonial though and having visited family over in blighty , i think the uk is pretty fantastic . 
  i mean of course there are poor aspects too it , the weather being one , but you 're one of the strongest economies in the world and there are still a lot of opportunities in the uk at least in the south . 
  i do n't know if it 's just being an anglophile that makes me look at the positives , but i tend to view it as more shine that shit myself . 
  metaphorically of course , there is n't much literal shine to be had . 
  i think we agree with each other but you 're being self deprecating about the point which is delightfully british . 
  but macedonia is only of one thirdings ancient macedonia . 
  right , but the northern greeks are far more `` macedonian '' than macedonia who has a slavic culture . 
  not entirely . 
  new zealand reluctantly passed the statute of westminster adoption act , making them independent as the uk basically told them to get the hell on with it as all the other dominions had done it . 
  tfw yuo could not independent :(, 
  ##### americaaaaaaa, 
  do they do the jive turking ? 
  no he 's right . 
  it was internationally recognized portugese territory for four hundred and fifty years . 
  india invaded the territory with a much larger army than was stationed there . 
  even if the residents of goa wished to join your comic is pretty inaccurate . 
  please do n't become like us daddy , we still love you . 
  also france into chad , wut ? 
  that 's like their least successful colony . 
  morocco and new caledonia are n't so bad . 
  stop being so nice to me !!, 
  it 's not bigoted to disagree with the tenets of islam , especially its stance on blasphemy and treatment of women . 
  is there probably a large correlation of those in / r/worldnews who are bigoted and disagree with islam , it 's very likely . 
  except it really was n't racially motivated . 
  honestly i 'm sick of people commenting on uk political issues without any knowledge of the topic . 
  yes of course brits can be racist , but this was n't a race issue . 
  bloody peruvian bears , taking our jobs . 
  i believe italians still have quite a corrupt police force , but certainly not in uk , germany or france . 
  you pro china accounts are so adorable . 
  let 's not forget that india will have a larger population soon and has a functioning democracy , despite the tired excuse of the ccp that it ca n't function at that population level . 
  st petersburg would be a perfect setting, 
  well you can always still buy a original ps3 secondhand , they sometimes sell them new on ebay too . 
  i 've got one and with custom firmware i have all my ps1 , ps2 and ps3 games on external hard drives as well as snes emulation etc. 
  i did n't even think they sold playstations officially in hong kong . 
  the one 's at golden certainly are n't . 
  i wish more people played gravity rush . 
  i have a vita and barely use it , but gravity rush is the best sony ip i 've played in years . 
  you would think they would at least have some accessory available for the public due to the anniversary . 
  if they 're just selling the console , most people would n't even know it was the anniversary . 
  bringing back crash bandicoot would be a welcome anniversary present though ... 
  ** i hope they port this to pc !, 
  you know full well that the situation in australia is n't remotely comparable to hong kong . 
  why do n't you love china ??!?!? 
  that 's a very good point . 
  however , i think the uk is so cautious of upsetting their relations with china that they do n't want to rock the boat , even if there is a moral and historical obligation to do so . 
  i do n't think the uk rocked the boat at all . 
  china refused a delegation of their mp 's which no other country has ever done . 
  even dictatorships like iraq years ago still allowed commons delegations . 
  all china needed to do was ignore their advice , outright banning ministerial delegations does not make you look good . 
  i agree that moral obligations are spotty reasons but the historical obligations are real . 
  the joint declaration is internationally binding and both signatories agreed to uphold it for fifty years . 
  i agree with you that if the uk really feel the agreement is being breached , they should be kicking up a huge fuss . 
  but if they do , china should realize that the uk has a right to investigate and ensure the agreement is being upheld , as that was what they agreed to . 
  claiming that it only covered until 1997 is absurd , yet it 's what china is claiming . 
  despite the joint declaration ( the document that set out the conditions of the handover ) being internationally binding in the un , and both parties agreeing to ensure it is being kept for 50 years after the handover . 
  as the mps said , it is a live agreement . 
  i agree that a joint discussion should be conducted , but china has made it very clear that any attempt to discuss the joint declaration , even with the uk is `` interfering in china 's internal affairs '' . 
  therefore even if the uk proposed one , china simply would n't take part . 
  the foreign affairs committee examines the foreign and commonwealth office and is appointed by the house of commons , which forms the greatest part of the uk government . 
  the entire committee is made up of ministers of parliament and appointed by fellow ministers of parliament . 
  i do n't know how you got the impression that they do n't represent the uk government , everything they do is representative of the uk government as they 're officially appointed by the government to carry out their duties . 
  no official allegations are being made until the investigation is finished , but it certainly does seem suspicious if they are denied from investigating the matter in hong kong . 
  these are all console shit !, 
  the only good games come to pc . 
  #### happy mithramas fundies !!!, 
  i do n't see the issue . 
  they 're conducting an investigation and therefore need to hear both perspectives , both the hong kong government who allege the declaration has n't been breached , and democracy activists who allege it have . 
  i 'm really interested in a translation . 
  any news on progress ? 
  the difference is , people are n't basing entire industries around it like the chinese . 
  i 'd be very surprised if any industrial engineer would consider stealing intellectual property progressive . 
  but surely unique design features are worth protecting , otherwise what distinguishes the product you 're engineering from anyone elses ? 
  i 'm well aware the patent system is broken , especially in regard to software patents , but without some sort of legal deterrent there 's no way to protect original features . 
  [ fitting as the series is literally about a socially inept neckbeard ] ( / ooc ), 
  welcome to the nhk, 
  got a source for that ? 
  yes , that 's his point . 
  he would tell him and the other 1.6 million scots who wanted to break apart the union to go fuck themselves . 
  that idea does n't prove very popular on a site that advocates pornography being a human right and blames their fundie parents for not letting them play gta when they were 13 . 
  fuck you . 
  do you have any idea how hard it was for me and my fellow atheists to stand firm in our unbelief , when we lost the memes on / r/atheism ? 
  my fundie relatives constantly forcing prayers and other superstitious nonsense on me . 
  do you have any idea how difficult that is for an enlightened mind ? 
  of course you do n't .
