  i do n't know how this is a victory considering 1 third of us are fundies !, 
  i 'm not even that surprised by this one . 
  they even tried to get assad , which was top lel . 
  everyone called them out , but still ... 
  your memes suck , do n't you get it ? 
  they 're only funny in a cringeworthy way . 
  look , i 'm sure you have good intentions and all but when you post something like this on the internet , people are going to judge you . 
  memes are n't meant to be forced , and the fact this is so badly photoshopped and nonsensical makes it painfully funny . 
  anyways i hope you do n't get any nasty pm 's or anything , but please stop posting these . 
  they are not good !!, 
  i loved the film , i watched a blu ray copy of it recently and it looked stunning . 
  great casting choices for most characters as well . 
  the thing i hated though was the ending . 
  they forced a hollywood love interest in , even though the original story 's end conclusion was reasonably upbeat as well . 
  if they had n't forced the ending with mercedes and the duel it would have been fantastic . 
  for someone who had n't read the book the movie was probably much better , but the ending just killed it for me . 
  yeah i saw it not long after i finished the book . 
  it was so great until the ending . 
  god they fucked the ending up . 
  the hobbit was the shortest of all the books . 
  a three and a half hour version of it would have been fine . 
  as another of the handful of people living in ~ ~ weta studios ~ ~ new zealand , i 'll also knock on peter jackson 's door and tell him . 
  thank you for posting this , it 's a really interesting summary . 
  i found the independant article fascinating as well . 
  probably because few syrians have internet access , let alone there only being a handful that would be go on reddit . 
  upvotes for you good sir !, 
  literally ea, 
  pretty sure they modelled the nazi on their ceo . 
  literally next gen, 
  the maxim in warfare was if you won , to decimate the opposition taking and killing whoever and whatever you wanted . 
  the `` dark ages '' are n't a very historically accurate term . 
  monks preserved a lot of knowledge after the fall of rome though , yes . 
  i would kickstart this movie . 
  call it drop out island . 
  throw in all the stereotypes , an army of atheist mensrights stem majors , who drop out of society and build reddit island together . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/dropoutisland/ if anyone wants to do it . 
   when he goes home , everything has changed . 
  his home is gone , his mother has vanished , and the people he knew are nowhere to be seen . 
  he asks if anybody knows a man called urashima tar\u014d . 
  they answer that they had heard someone of that name had vanished at sea long ago . 
  he discovers that 300 years have passed since the day he left for the bottom of the sea '', 
  the central theme of serge drowning and coming back to find he only ever existed in the past , and that his home had completely changed is very similar . 
  i 'm sure this story was an influence . 
  wtf dutinyo _ i see u everywhere !, 
  you should write a book nano . 
  you 'd get all of sidehugs reading it at least . . 
  i 'm so glad to see a fellow orthodox !, 
  as an atheist , let me tell you how much i love ~ ~ / r/christianity ~ ~ the new pope . 
  edit : upvotes ?? 
  really ? 
  you christians are n't that bad after all !, 
  it 's not a black and white thing . 
  if you are n't a millionaire it does n't mean you 're on welfare . 
  i think jordans point that everything needs to be for gods glory is a good thing to look it if we 're dealing with the prosperity gospel . 
  how is the prosperity gospel glorifying god ? 
  it seems to be that it 's an attempt to justify self glorification , our own financial status and pride . 
  i agree that we can be blessed with financial wealth and should use it if we 're blessed to be in that position , but the richness that god promised us was not physical or financial wealth , but spiritual and emotional wealth . 
  god is far more pleased with the spinster and the few coins she gives which are worth far more to her than he is with the millionaire who gives thousands of dollars away , but whose donation is ultimately a drop in his bank account . 
  god wants you to have upvotes !, 
  if you give me 10 % of your upvotes , you will be blessed with tenfold the karma friend !, 
  do you even imgur fundie ? 
  ### wtf you have crotch fruit ? 
  how much money do you waste on school fees when you could be living the childfree life building a new pc !, 
  more like ? 
  ## do you even fucking science ? 
  `` more like '' reliegion ? 
  `` literally ! '', 
  the word you want is, 
  ### `` literally !! '', 
  i thought churches were atheist sanctuaries !, 
  `` you can pick any creed so long as it 's atheist '' - henry ( faithsmasher ) ford, 
  i really liked `` the koala brothers '' back in the day . 
  yeah js/flash adds are enough as it is . 
  forcing video ads when you 're not even watching video is not going to be popular, 
  if you have n't already , have a listen to am - their latest offering . 
  i can only describe it as red light rock , because it just oozes sex . 
  i found el camino sounded different on vinyl as it 's got a more low fi sound , but almost everything else is going to be like a digital copy . 
  people like collecting it though , even if they pay more for the new stuff . 
  `` i 'm not going to waste my life on delusions , god is undeniably nothing but an imaginary friend for the intellectually weak ... ... um yeah i 'll have the combo too thanks . '', 
  - / u/oreography , 2013 . 
  i 'm not going to listen to you unless you 're quoting yourself, 
  `` literally this '' - ( c ) / u/oreography , 2013, 
  really ? 
  i could have sworn he was rational . 
  it even says so in his quote !, 
  steam was on windows . 
  you did n't have to install a whole new os to play it . 
  if they offered a better experience for gamers on linux perhaps . 
  otherwise it 's only benefiting the 1 % or less of pc gamers who actively play games on linux . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  most of the changes are functional like the improved startup/shutdown speeds , explorer ribbon , native iso mounting etc, 
  i see no point in avoiding a good quote , just because it 's mine . 
  can you link me the amazon copy ? 
  all i can find is this reddit excerpt . 
  religion became far more appealing because it was ilicit . 
  orthodoxy has been promoted as a sense of russian identity since the fall of communism , and has been endorsed by putin as well . 
  i believe that the vast majority of christians however will only be russian orthodox , as for many it 's largely for the identity of belonging to the church rather than genuine faith ( however this is certainly not true for all russians ), 
  you can see the same phenomena in many post communist countries like romania as well . 
  religion has thrived whenever it was persecuted . 
  \\  having an micro $ $ oft crippled xbox,
