  i 've been told everyone in sweden is an atheist . 
  first came hitler, 
  then came vatican 2, 
  you decide . 
  visit www.vatican2truth.blogspot.info, 
  what about heresy sniffing dog ? 
  vampire weekend - modern vampires of the city, 
  fleetwood mac - self titled , rumours, 
  the black keys - last two albums, 
  kanye west - watch the throne ,, 
  of monsters and men, 
  christopher tin - calling all dawns, 
  regina specktor - begin to hope , any recent album, 
  portugal the man - in the mountains , in the cloud, 
  the silent comedy - common faults, 
  that 's just some of what i 've been listening to . 
  all great artists . 
  i 'm sorry , i completely forgot there 's no linking allowed . 
  the whole brokehugs/sidehugs line is blurred for me . 
  you are a true prophet of the lord !, 
  i would have liked to have explored the pyramids and ancient ruins of thousands of years past , but then i realized they 're all heresy anyways . 
  ** and i will stretch out my hand , and smite egypt in the year 2013 with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of their brief political crisis thereof : and after that i will burn the world - god **, 
  i was expecting the egyptian protests, 
  get lost you pathetic circlejerker . 
  check your fairy tale privilege at the door . 
  what part of nz are you in ? 
  that may be true but we have a big binge drinking culture , when people drink they drink a lot, 
  i know this is very petty but it 's `` antithesis '' not `` anti-thesis '' which makes it sounds like you 're anti university papers . 
  i 've got british relatives and i agree that it 's self deprecating patriotism . 
  british people love to complain but ultimately i think people do love their country , they just express the love much more reservedly than americans/chinese/nationalistic countries . 
  i find / r/unitedkingdom very circlejerky . 
  the worst are comments on religion which even / r/atheism would be embarassed by , but it exemplifies most of the reddity circlejerks . 
  though thankfully they 're not too fond of memes . 
  would love a blackcat games invite as underground gamer is down . 
  i have unlimited internet and keep a good ratio, 
  regardless of whether you like it or not , christianity has had probably the greatest effect on the world of any religion or ideology in history . 
  it 's still the worlds largest religion and has a major affect on how the world works . 
  having an understanding of the religion is important if you want to understand the world better and how it has been influenced for the past two thousand years , which is what mere christianity helps with . 
  god delusion was in one of the more upvoted comments , though someone criticizing it got in the positives too . 
  just to be clear i 'm not a professional fashion maker , i 'm just a teenager who wants to protest . 
  having said that , i am open to any and all criticism, 
  [ * yes ... yes . 
  wear the corporate noose , slaves !, 
  damn right , fucking circlejerkers in this thread . 
  i loved quoting that actual verse from the bible . 
  `` obey me or you 'll burn in hell '' - jesus christ , matthew 420 : 666, 
  let 's not forget that jesus is literally a communist dictator . 
  how are the comparisons not valid , the burdenof proof is on you fundies !!, 
  i find if you rub the sides of your nose hard enough with the back of your hand you can often get them out , and it looks like you 've just got an itchy nose . 
  so long as you 're being nice and smiling it should n't be a problem . 
  it 's the actual interacting/playing with them that 's a faux pas . 
  wear a big coat instead . 
  some of them look like cloaks anyways, 
  it 's called making an excuse ... 
  when the ps3 emulator comes out in 10 years maybe ... 
  just cause 2 . 
  i spent days screwing round in that game . 
  finishing the campaign did n't actually take that long ... 
  i do n't agree that homophobic speech should be a crime but that 's the way it is in the uk . 
  nobody cares that he was white and male , you 're the person bringing it up . 
  * sweden, 
  i understand why someone would refuse to not support an author based on their beliefs , but every time this is mentioned it seems a little hypocritical how high a standard we hold to homophobes compared to other bigoted authors . 
  some of the greatest authors of the 20th century have been racists , anti smites and misogynists and yet people do n't bat an eyelash supporting their work . 
  if you 're taking a stand against bigotry , why only focus on one strand of it ? 
  did you break your macbook ? 
  i think pixar is a lot more likely than star wars . 
  they already have the tron levels for sci fi , but there 's so much potential with pixar . 
  i believe in le cause so much i upvoted twice . 
  take that jij !, 
  `` race is a social construct '' what the hell ? 
  http://www.atheistcartoons.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/washincoldwater.jpg i thought these brave ratheists actually valued biology ? 
  the fedora one spilled through from the metasubs , so i think we all probably agree with it . 
  except it 's not , at least not in the way most people view the film . 
  the idea of intelligence being linked to genes is very flawed . 
  at the end the film the protagonist realizes that maybe it was ( average ) people like him , who stopped caring about being involved with the world or acting to improve society themselves , which lead to the downfall of society rather than `` dumb people '' taking over . 
  in fact during the film he educates them ( the `` idiots '' ) and makes the world much better . 
  his speech at the end pretty much sums it up . 
  i do n't quite buy this . 
  a person who is born in a low income family will have a lack of motivation due to the environment they 're in . 
  they wo n't have their parents paying for their college fund and the whole idea that everything is a result of bad life choices is rubbish if the playing field is n't even to start with . 
  in new zealand we have a minimum wage set at about usd $ 9.12 which everyone in the country gets , whether they work service , retail or otherwise . 
  if you perform well you can get a salary increase , if not you stay at the minimum wage or lose your job . 
  the main thing is that the wage is liveable . 
  i think tipping is fantastic but should n't be necessary . 
  people should still be able to live on the income they get from their job without tips . 
  of course if they 're on the minimum wage it wo n't be fancy accomodation or groceries , but it will still be liveable . 
  i think washington state 's is close , but ideally i would say around 10-11 usd would be ideal . 
  to have people working 12 hour shifts and then needing to survive on food stamps is disgusting . 
  / r/braveryjerk created it . 
  when / r/niggers got banned they tried to find a new sub so / r/braveryjerk created / r/niggersrebooted to be about puppies and racial equality , pissing off the / r/niggers subscribers . 
  well jews are obviously fundies and so polute the streets of stockholm , with their illogical stench . 
  the only scent is the smell of greasy fedora hear and copulation with busty swedish women . 
  you think putin cares about internet memes ? 
  oh my god man ... 
  the only internet users putin cares about is russian users . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's not america period . 
  every fucking thing does n't have to be about america . 
  it 's as he described . 
  perhaps the levels of acceptance for homosexuality sure , but everything else he said has nothing to do with america .
