  hong kong has its own government , running separately from beijing , though there recently has been a large influence from the mainland . 
  that 's the reason why there 's free speech/religion/more rights in the territory , because it 's run separately . 
  it 's not officially a separate country , but a sar ( specially administrative region ), 
  it was n't actually included on the list due to smaller population . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'd be in the top 25 at least . 
  `` quality comment '', 
  relevant username amirite ? 
  unless they build it for phones specifically , it 's never going to be that good . 
  how much money do they make on a phone port vs a 3ds title ? 
  not enough to warrant a decent port . 
  the short answer is basically no . 
  ps3 's ca n't be remotely rendered unusable though , that 's rubbish . 
  there are psnspoofer programs that can get around it , however you need to constantly update them and there 's still a risk you can get banned . 
  however if they detect you 're playing on cfw they will ban your machine from psn . 
  i believe the id of the hardware is stored , so even if your machine put normal firmware on , it would still be banned . 
  however you can still download game patches using multiman , and if you want to play psn only games they 're available to download . 
  i just play multiplayer stuff on my laptop anyways . 
  it 's worth it having any ps1/ps2/ps3 game , movies and emulators loaded from my hard drive . 
  would anyone say the time investment is worth it ? 
  i ended up downloading a `` movie version '' showing all the cutscenes , so i already know the story . 
  how long did it take you to complete the game ? 
  probably should have googled that before you bought it, 
  they have them in australia though . 
  what a prick . 
  how old is the guy ? 
  there 's a reason why they do n't have e-sports at the olympics , imagine someone like this kid on the world stage . 
  moo-hammeds bones are still in the grave !!!, 
  he 's also a christ killer !!, 
  [ this brave soul is ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/or2dw/fuck_it_im_moving_to_sweden/ ), 
  has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look macao like ? 
  since it 's an `` official language '' needing to be used on documentation i assume many people working for government departments would know it . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 wtf at downvotes reddit ? 
  i will give you a le upvote good sir !, 
  shameless . 
  just shameless . 
  well , at least it looks good ... 
  `` i 'm done . 
  you ca n't stop using those stupid quotes and that 's just pitiful . 
  i did n't get you banned from anywhere , you 're delusional . '', 
  - '' / u/funny _ original_name '', 
  we were just getting the users to pay their pack tithe , brother wolf . 
  all praise to the king wolf !, 
  all glory to the king wolf !, 
  sorry , lame joke . 
  all wolves in the pack are equal , but some are more equal than others . 
  does anyone else remember microsoft was bringing this feature out for pc games , when vista first came out . 
  halo 2 was one of the only games released with it . 
  perhaps it 's only for most recent titles ? 
  with all due respect , why would a christian browse / r/islam ? 
  scientists have a monopoly on truth about science . 
  like doctors have a monopoly on truth about medicine . 
  now applying science to find philosophical or moral truths , i agree i find that a bit silly . 
  sadly none of us can be socrates , the atheists already claimed him . 
  * holy tradition, 
  yeah , i was just trying to show that you can have an interest in a subject , even if you do n't believe in it . 
  right , but in attempting to verify the speed objects fall at you 're already using peer reviewed scientific principles and applying it to your experiment . 
  if the average person conducted an experiment claiming that his pound of butter can somehow circumvent normal motion and stay in mid air , would it be regarded as `` true ? '', 
  no , it would need to be peer reviewed by scientists . 
  you can do experiments etc by yourself , but in order for them to be seen as `` true '' they need to be done by scientists . 
  no , but for doing math equations you are also already using mathematic laws that have been proven . 
  would you believe a person who said they had found bigfoot if they , their cousin and ten different shop owners say they had found them . 
  or would you believe in bigfoot if they managed to get 5 different biologists who published papers confirming the sighting was true ? 
  there are certainly classics on ps1 that people replay . 
  it 's regarded as the best system ever for jrpgs , and people replay final fantasy , chrono cross , xenogears etc years later . 
  there 's also metal gear solid series , crash bandicoot/spyro platformers an quite a few other cult titles that still get played a lot . 
  yeah it looks a great game , but it 's definitely not a system seller . 
  i really think after this gen nintendo are going to concentrate on making a proper next gen games console . 
  they marketed this with a `` gimmicky feature '' as the selling point , because it paid off so much last generation . 
  it 's the same with the 3ds , they added the 3d because to capitalize off the current 3d trend . 
  however they 're struggling to sell units , partly through bad marketing but mostly because of the lack of good first party games . 
  there will be fewer multiplatform titles coming , and the only ones out now are the ones matching current gen hardware . 
  once ps4/xbo are released , it 's likely only the biggest franchises that will bother with a wii u port . 
  i think the sales figures at the end of the gen will convince them to go with a proper next gen console . 
  i think they 're going to lose quite a bit of money this gen on the wii u. 
  considering the announcement of the 2ds today , i think the trend of nintendo moving away from the `` gimmicks '' is coming true . 
  the wii u will be worth owning when there are a decent number of exclusives out , which is why people choose different games consoles . 
  however the ps4 will have a plethora of titles that are n't on pc , and i 'd wager a lot more than the wii u. 
  so if you want games that you ca n't play on pc , until nintendo gets its game library together i 'd look to the ps4 . 
  you 're joking right . 
  kingdom hearts 3/final fantasy xv/anything naughty dog puts out are all big selling points for me at the moment . 
  i do n't understand your argument at all . 
  i would only see a doctor , because they are the only ones who have exclusivity over medicine . 
  you 're arguing for the point i 'm making . 
  you would turn to a physicist which is what i was arguing . 
  only scientists can conclusively prove a scientific experiment , because they 've been educated in that field of knowledge . 
  yes for mathematics you can solve your own equations , but you 're basing your work on predefined rules . 
  i think you 've misread my points . 
  i am arguing that only science has exclusivity over scientific knowledge and research , meaning that joe bloggs ca n't conclusively prove something in a field he is n't educated in . 
  it takes specialists from whatever field of education in order to . 
  likewise i would n't trust some random religious or atheist blogger over biblical questions , i would turn to a theologian or biblical scholar to see his interpetation of the text . 
  true , but they are traditionally sony series . 
  there will be a huge number of titles only released for xbox one or ps4 , which will never see a pc port . 
  as for naughty dog titles , sony has a huge number of studios that will be putting out great exclusives . 
  nintendo really pushes local multiplayer with its mario spin off titles ( kart , melee , sports games , party ) which is probably why . 
  i agree they 're all very replayable titles , but it does n't mean that there are n't many single player titles on sony platforms that are n't being replayed either . 
  now that it 's not a default sub , i really do n't think there 's much point going to / r/atheism and whining about `` religious hatred '' . 
  they 're not pro religion sure , but i have n't seen much hatred from the sub . 
  i think the sub 's matured quite a bit , removing memes but also becoming more self aware . 
  the contrast between / r/atheismrebooted ( a reasonably accurate caricature of what the sub used to be ) and / r/atheism is very noticeable . 
  the reason people disliked the old / r/atheism is because they were being forced to see/subscribe to it at the start , the quality of content was abysmally bad ( even if aa lewis/walmart/strong then kill were n't upvoted very highly , people posted them seriously ) , there was no moderation and it was so hiveminded and circlejerky , it became the most predicatable sub on this site .
