  she told me to fuck off for stating my opinion . 
  forgive me if i 'm not inclined to be gracious towards such people . 
  abortion is so contentious because it depends on whether you see the fetus as a clump of cells or as a human being . 
  since i hold the latter view , i ca n't support it outside of exceptional circumstances , but i do recognize how difficult it is for mothers with unwanted pregnancies . 
  coming from a christian , i lol 'd, 
  i thought you had some of the fastest roads in the world with the autobahn ? 
  anyways , i 'm glad to hear you had a great time in nz . 
  my sister went on an exchange trip to your country when she was in high school , and had fond memories of the hospitality your compatriots gave her . 
  out of all the stupid misconceptions in this thread , this is one of the stupidest . 
  there was no `` bible '' when revelation was written , as all the various books had n't been compiled into the single bible . 
  the warning applied for altering `` this book '' aka the book of revelation that john the revelator was actually writing . 
  just because its placed at the end of the bible does n't mean its referring to it . 
  low quality trolling, 
  so let me get this straight ; anyone who is conservative is going to be challenged by you just for holding those views ? 
  because if true that 's a ridiculous position to take . 
  you 're always going to encounter people you disagree with , especially on the internet . 
  maybe if you stopped being so confrontational then people would take you more seriously . 
  / u/knothead was right !!!, 
  i do n't expect you to agree with them , but i do expect you to realize that your persona as an `` internet warrior '' against conservatism makes you look ridiculous and needlessly aggressive . 
  from what i understand whenever someone explains their political views different to your own anywhere on this sub , you feel you need to interject and correct them with your opinions . 
  this confrontational approach has proven to not be effective . 
  if anything , it entrenches people further into their own views , when their experience with people holding opposing views shows someone not rational or empathetic , but a person with anger issues and obsessive compulsive habits . 
  you then become the very representation of those views , which are now much more easily dismissible . 
  now you 're stereotyped by many of the mods and users of this subreddit as an annoying godless keyboard warrior , and because of this your views are n't taken seriously . 
  for god 's sake your `` principles '' are worthless on reddit . 
  you are not a public figure . 
  you seem to have this grandiose view of yourself but it 's backed by nothing but excessively verbose posts on a small new zealand themed corner of the internet . 
  people simply do n't care . 
  if you `` betrayed your principles '' nobody would even notice . 
  that 's how unimportant you , or i , or any user on this site is . 
  americans always knew how to queue though . 
  even if they were arrogant or overly patriotic , they still waited in line like everyone else . 
  chinese tourists are still the only group i 've seen who failed to wait in line . 
  i 'm sure things will improve with measures like this , but there 's a good reason why ( mainland ) chinese are regarded as the worst tourist group . 
  you live in south america , where christianity is prevalent and much of the population lives near the poverty line . 
  christianity now is far from a `` white mans religion '' , even if the west is primarily christian . 
  ### hong kong independence, 
  ### free tibet, 
  ### long live the kmt, 
  ### uyghur pride worldwide, 
  to be fair , do we really want these foreigners with their funny religions coming to our country ? 
  we are not a catholic nation , we do not have a catholic tradition . 
  they all worship mary and idols ... not to mention guy fawkes and the potential of catholic terror cells . 
  who are they to come to our country and instill their pre medieval values on us ? 
  i say that we do n't want your olives and popery . 
  if you come to britain , you should expect a ruddy good bashing . 
  so underrated, 
  it 's not remotely efficient . 
  the resentment it causes as well as the instability in the region , leads to more chaos and more need for military intervention . 
  it 's billions of american taxpayers money wasted . 
  just reading a little about the man ; was there no presidential or executive oversight in the decision to dissolve the iraqi military ? 
  mao : the unknown story by jung chang . 
  the writer lived under the cultural revolution and mao 's rule herself before she left to study in london on an academic program . 
  her biography of three generations of her family - ` wild swans ' also gives a really good insight into 20th century china . 
  i read them both years ago , but the biography of mao was quite shocking in its details . 
  that 's kind of the point of a king ... 
  comparisons of 2000 year old religions to reddit subs is never going to be very accurate . 
  king abdullah is actually a pretty good monarch, 
  the broadband is n't actually that bad by world standards . 
  on average it 's better than a few american states , and the main cities have fiber now . 
  i had to laugh at the user in / r/socialism comparing the modern german government to the nazi 's, 
  some people just go out looking to be offended, 
  zia was the one who began the modern day transformation towards an islamist pakistan . 
  of course others today are responsible , but it 's his legacy that 's continuing the problem . 
  not to mention others fled to hong kong . 
  many of the most successful businesses in shanghai relocated there when the communist takeover appeared inevitable . 
  this sub is more geared to the american servers . 
  i play on centra every so often , but mostly stick to diameter with the cool kids on / r/oceanictagpro, 
  the new zealand one is about 30 years out of date . 
  we do still have her majesty on several of our banknotes though , and all our coinage, 
  i do n't really see how this is `` defening '' , it 's just an interesting picture from another decade . 
  of course if there was accompanying comment trying to paint the 40s as some youth paradise then of course it should be criticize . 
  i 'm sure the lack of hole in the ozone layer made sunbathing in the 50s hellish . 
  is it really defening to point out that the word `` awesome '' is overused ? 
  resources can always be diverted elsewhere , that 's really a non argument . 
  the space program furthered scientific knowledge in the area , but most importantly showed that humanity was capable of doing it . 
  going to space/the moon were two barriers that our species broke . 
  hundreds of years from now , they 'll still be looked back on as some of humanities greatest acheivements . 
  got ta have the maymays : ddd, 
  i swear some of the statements on this sub have holes bigger than the fences in asylum centers . 
  so proud of this continent 's accomplishments . 
  i 've been to both the national gallery in london , and the louvre , and both times my breath was taken away . 
  to think that some people refuse to acknowledge the collective cultural achievements of this continent boggles my mind . 
  [ the full column ] ( http://images.travelpod.com/tripwow/photos/ta-00bc-2d5e-e827/trajan-s-column-rome-italy+1152_12912415803-tpfil02aw-28637.jpg ), 
  germany is n't paying war reparations ever since the country reunified . 
  greece has been asking for them , but they 've been refused . 
  the french are a much greater target of the uk 's ire than the dutch . 
  the african and carribbean colonies are still very much christian , as were the dominions ( australia , nz , canada ) until recently . 
  i certainly agree that the portuguese and spanish promoted religion more though . 
  at the smithsonian or any major natural history museum in the us creationism would be laughed at . 
  all the biological exhibits will feature the evolutionary explanations for their origins . 
  he 's only more prominent in the london museum because he was british . 
  it 's not atheism , it 's agnosticism as the results of this survey revealed . 
  you 're reducing the majority of the world who are religious believers , down the belief of a few nutcases . 
  - the sabbath i.e a day off from working . 
  you can bet that feudal landlords would have happily ensured people worked seven days a week if not for this religious institution . 
  yes christmas is influenced by some pagan traditions , but holy days and festivities are religious in origin . 
  - universities . 
  all original universities and higher education in europe were founded by the catholic church . 
  not to mention the texts from ancient greece and rome that were preserved by monks .
