  my dad died too and the only thing that got me through it , was the love and support of upvoting redditors !, 
  i do n't support pat robertson much , but where are the claims he has donated nothing ? 
  he founded and chairs ` operation blessing ' which has given more than a billion dollars in goods and services . 
  i thought he was a sham myself , but his organization has done a huge amount of good . 
  i do agree that the airplane diversion in zaire was terrible though . 
  this, 
  nobody can prove god exists , nobody can prove god can not exist . 
  people either believe in god or not . 
  the christian religion is as much one organization , as mexican food restaurants are one organization . 
  sure you could say ` the catholic church ' or ` taco bell ' , these are large organizations based off a larger type . 
  but all christian denominations are n't closely related . 
  why is there evil ? 
  - satan . 
  i thought the idea was that god was going to destroy satan after judgement day , throwing him in the lake of fire and all that . 
  the verve - on your own . 
  it 's not as well known as any of their urban hymns songs , but it 's just as good . 
  too bad for your argument the majority of christians believe that jesus fulfilled the jewish laws of the old testament , thus making them more or less irrelevant for being a christian . 
  i think thay want sum romants bul shit ; ; ; instead of phantasy !, 
  * take that imaginaryevilinsanity ftfy !, 
  the guy from norway was ` christian ' and represented christianity about as much as this guy represents atheism . 
  e.g not a lot, 
  wonderful video . 
  the music , the quality and the choice of scenes made it spectacular . 
  the end with the sky moving was such a nice ending . 
  well to be fair abstinence is the most effective way of preventing pregnancy in theory , but in practice it just does n't work . 
  hey guys , dae wish u could torrent burritos ? 
  me too . 
  i looked for alternatives , but having the download button popping up in the corner whenever you watch a video is so convenient . 
  his point is that they would only consider that possibility , so would be very biased in their diagnosis as conditions in the mind can be hard to diagnose . 
  yes but a large proportion of these charities are religious , because their faith teaches them to act in charitable ways . 
  of course you can have non religious charities , and many of them do a great job , but there is less conviction for a non religious person to act in charity . 
  in a materialistic society , people are taught to accumulate , not to give away . 
  / r/douchebagery, 
  nothing is contradictory when it relates to what we do not know . 
  suicide by definition is killing yourself . 
  if you have a dream you 're going to die , or have a gut feeling you will die and do nothing about it , it 's not suicide, 
  `` what ev , it was free so i took it ennit '' - london rioter boasting on twitter, 
  i do n't believe people on reddit are ignoring there is a root cause , which probably triggered the start of the riots . 
  however they 've really lost any ethics they once may have had . 
  torching peoples businesses and mugging people is no way to respond to an injustice . 
  you simply can not justify what they have done , even if it was a reaction to poverty and distrust of the police . 
  you 're so brave !, 
  this is fucking disgusting . 
  a girl has her hand severed , and all we care about is what she was having sex ? 
  ^ tasty oatmeal, 
  i would sit on the couch , just to fuck mila kunis . 
  i did not know you were an atheist , but being knowledgeable about other religions is n't really a sign of it . 
  i believe the majority of christians on this board have studied other religions in depth , and if you look through the topics discussed you 'll find that many people of faith do research and study the alternative views that other religions bring forward . 
  nobody can see this is a troll ? 
  seriously ? 
  bu jesus chris do, 
  ... in puerto rico, 
  or sheep, 
  apparently it 's only been in the last few years that its gotten out of control . 
  the downvotes speak for themselves, 
  unless you were aiming for a religious studies/theological degree, 
  lets not forget that though that crosses are symbols at cemetarys all over the country , and so it seems fitting to have one to remember the dead by . 
  2025 - america falls , then europe . 
  yes, 
  scottish immigrant makes jokes with a fake skeleton . 
  show about a man and his quest for damn good coffee, 
  + scan ? 
  apart from the adams rib thing , none of this seems inconsistent . 
  men and women were n't created alike or the same , yet they are both equal in gods eyes . 
  neither is better than the other , they have different qualities , but overall they are both equal . 
  oh god yes . 
  if reddit managed this , i would be so happy . 
  do n't play dragon age , since it teaches religion is good, 
  no , you 're right . 
  however , without our aid hundreds of thousands of people will certainly die . 
  so , you could say we have a responsibility to help , even if we did n't create the problem . 
  le best rage in history, 
  le true story !!!, 
  no thats godzilla , gadaffi is an infection that occurs in the scrotum . 
  well , that 's fairly depressing, 
  do not resist the bing !, 
  not voltaire , descartes, 
  but you just pointed it out !, 
  i know right . 
  whenever i see pics of the duomo , i always think of ac2, 
  damn right . 
  you could tell that it was only the green mp who spoke , that actually knew what he was talking about . 
  our government !, 
  no . . we 're still cool , but our internet is n't . 
  school has internet taken away, 
  2 . nothing you can do, 
  cry yourself to sleep at night . 
  actually what we 've done is not murder , since what we 've done is legal . 
  we have merely killed his point, 
  it looks amazing , but i 'm a little confused . 
  where do you put the games in ? 
  and how do you deal with cables etc , when they 're so close together, 
  the thing that i think most people dislike about the big bang theory , is that there was in essence , nothing to create something . 
  with theism it gives you something ( a god ) and although you need to give him divine attributes , it seems to make more sense than the universe imploding out of naught . 
  religion is the greatest scapegoat for mans hatred, 
  `` god '' or whatever deity would be divine , so he would be exempt from this . 
  as an old musical number says `` nothing comes from nothing , nothing ever could '' a deity has no end or beginning , it is eternal , a supernatural force beyond the laws of nature . 
  if you claim the same for the universe , you 're giving it divine attributes anyways . 
  you go to a hole in the ground !!, 
  like this life because its all you 're getting,
