  i know and it boggles my mind how some use the argument . 
  the worst one is claiming you 're born an atheist , which some people on / r/atheism actually take seriously . 
  i 'm glad we have / r/trueatheism if i want to see intelligent atheist discussion . 
  yes , because the man that ordered the destruction of churches and mosques , and for believers to be sent to die in gulags was tolerant of religious people ... 
  i love mine as it saves me getting a tablet . 
  the main thing that appealed to me about the ipad and others was ability to read pdfs and watch movies at a reasonable size , and i can do both on the note . 
  the resolution and screen is fantastic . 
  however i have to put mine on minimum brightness to get a full days charge , which is n't an issue except in sunlight when i turn it up . 
  gps works really well on it as well with sygic and playing gba + snes on it is fantastic . 
  i also like having a non mhl usb mode to copy straight to the device , unlike the s3 . 
  i do like the look of the note 2 but it 's not worth upgrading for me , though it would be nice to have a s3 quality camera, 
  thanks for the response guys , all my questions have been answered . 
  looks like my mum will be getting a shiny new lumia 920 . 
  this is proof le evil religion is tied with big corporate and the banking sector !, 
  i think a `` science school '' identical to hogwarts would be lapped up by / r/atheism if it was subtle enough, 
  i think it 's important as scientists we reassure ourselves with bullshit evidence that we are better than them . 
  no , do n't talk to them or try and understand them . 
  hit them with some logical fallacies . 
  good , the filthy fundies are nothing but a waste of oxygen . 
  do n't let their ~ ~ colour ~ ~ iq rub off on you . 
  read some apologetics . 
  the intelligent position is to look at both sides of the argument and then make up your mind . 
  i found the god delusion a load of crap , but hitchens god is not great is much better . 
  literally the most logical insult, 
  i do n't like faux news but i want fundies dead . 
  i 'm really conflicted here . 
  stupid sheeple are too dumb to be using the ga [ le ] xy s3 , like the other tens of millions in the secret android club . 
  what do you call a fallacy fallacy ? 
  you should sue that pastor . 
  he was making you emotionally vulnerable and clearly wanting to molest you . 
  religion, 
  destructoid ( or at least jiim sterling ) love to give shock reviews . 
  they give final fantasy 13 a 0 . 
  no matter what your opinion on the game it does n't deserve a 0 . 
  i think windows phone is a great alternative to ios ( which is what it 's trying to be ) but should n't really be compared with android . 
  i 'll be getting my mum her first smartphone this year and am heavily considering the lumia 920 . 
  the unified design scheme on all apps makes win phone clearly the most stylish os . 
  there are also some great features . 
  for offline gps support you get nokia drive for free , where you can download an entire countries maps to use offline . 
  if google offered this i would n't have to use sygic on android . 
  obviously the camera is a big factor , miles better than any android offering . 
  live tiles combine widgets and shortcuts in a stylish way , and i think are a great feature . 
  obviously the app selection is limited , but every must have app ( maps , alarm clock , pdf reader , schedule , music player , top games , browser ) are all there . 
  the lack of changing keyboards . 
  browser , needing to use zune to transfer things , no file browser and limited apps mean i 'm sticking with android , but for beginners i think win phone is a no brainer, 
  hey special shitflake , try checking your privelage for once . 
  richard dawkins and the methods of rationality is good . 
  i ca n't wait for atheistfanfiction.com, 
  i 'm sorry , please remove the sinful colour scheme if you wish us to take your faith seriously . 
  oh do n't be like that . 
  it 's just that people on the internet will look for anything to criticize you if it goes against what they hold to be true . 
  i know you were n't claiming that christianity was persecuted in america or that the bible is the only book that should ever be read , but since this was n't explicitly stated to be untrue , you got a lot of angry atheists trying to ram their interpretation of what you said against you . 
  no , chances are you 're busy , or not interested in it , or maybe a million other reasons why . 
  i have n't read the book ( though it is on my reading list ) though i have researched indian and sri lankan culture . 
  i 'm not a racist , i simply have n't got round to reading the book . 
  are you homophobic if you have n't seen angels in america ? 
  because that 's the kind of `` logic '' you 're trying to throw out , with no statistics to back your sham of an argument up . 
  you know the countries that have banned the largest number of books are islamic or communist countries right ? 
  wake up sheeple !!!, 
  i 'm sorry , but your argument reads like the sham of a documentary zeitgeist , especially the plain historically wrong horus claim . 
  i know for certain saudi arabia as well . 
  most countries do n't ban it , but it is illegal to distribute it or other christian literature . 
  hitler loved jesus so much he killed his people, 
  black dude out !, 
  power ~ ~ rangers ~ ~ races are go !, 
  don ' know much bout dat grasse man , but i know fo ` sho dem r ` atheist folks lap evry word he sayin , like sweet honey . 
  i 'm sorry but you seem to be drawing some pretty far out conclusions . 
  yes , islam is an abrahamic religion and has many of the same prophets of christianity , but the two religions are very different in many ways . . 
  the bible is as much a `` root cause '' for banning books in islamic countries as the cocoa bean is a root cause for obesity from chocolate . 
  true it might be a part of it , but the end product is radically different and utilized in such a different way that they 're barely related . 
  as for communist philosophy , i think you 'll find that eastern orthodox culture plays little part in it at all . 
  communist thought decended from karl marx , who grew up round protestant churches in germany . 
  perhaps some of the orthodox culture lingered on the ussr , but stalinism was designed to root out the remaining cultural ties to religion and existing culture , as was maoism and the cultural revolution in china . 
  essentially you 're trying to shift the blame from the actual cause of book banning in communist countries which was a dogmatic adherence to atheism ( the cause of burning religious materials ) and the creation of a greater utopia , fuelled by destroying all ties to previous culture ( destorying all other books that disagreed with their philosophy ) . 
  no , he 's an atheist !, 
  ca n't you hear what i want you to hear !!, 
  when do we logic soldiers get to laugh at cancer patients ? 
  all we ever use to make fun of reliegion is starving african kids and amputees . 
  soon i hope we can use cancer patients and the mentally retarted as memes to spread the light of sagan across the internet . 
  from internet you came in 2005, 
  entered our world , your glory shines, 
  not to be upvoted , but to upvote, 
  and give your bandwith , that we might browse, 
  reddit calls us now to follow it, 
  to bring our upvotes as daily offering, 
  of worship to the reddit god, 
  this is our god , the reddit site, 
  it calls us now to upvote him, 
  to bring our upvotes as daily offering, 
  of worship to the reddit god, 
  ** only skytheists make absolutes !!!, 
  listening to / r/politics and ignoring every poll released , i can confidently say obama won by a mile, 
  one party to rule them all !, 
  dae lord of the rings lol, 
  you know what is absurd and saddening ? 
  that you enlightened minds on / r/atheism actually try and convince yourselves that obama is an atheist , despite praising christianity and being a church goer . 
  insisting he 's something he says he 's not is exactly what the rednecks that insist he 's a muslim do . 
  and iusedtobeapygmy brought religion in simply because they are christian principles and since the president is a christian , there 's a connection between the two . 
  of course you do n't need to be a christian to follow those principles , but please do n't pretend the presidents faith has nothing to do with how he acts . 
  he appealed to the majority , which is generally what you do when trying to gain votes .
