  islam is quite moderate when it comes to proselytizing , but once you 've joined the muhammed club you ca n't leave the muhammed club . 
  and yet the poster you were talking to has provided a source proving this is to the contrary . 
  in two muslim countries , the majority of those surveyed believe apostasy should be punishable by death . 
  i think you underestimate the intensity of tribalism within islam ; it 's perhaps the most tribalistic faith on earth . 
  edit : i see you 're a muslim yourself . 
  forgive me for some of my assumptions that you were non-muslim . 
  i 'm just wondering , have you ever talked to your family about what would happen if you left the faith ? 
  if your family is as moderate as you are there may not be any issues , but you may be surprised how dogmatic they may view apostasy . 
  it 's always been viewed incredibly harshly in any conversation i 've had with muslims . 
  this is the best summary in the thread . 
  you 're right christchurch being a lot like auckland before the quakes , except more homogenous . 
  as for the heritage buildings , well ... not so much . 
  nelson is probably my favourite city to visit though . 
  i think the stereotype is outdated . 
  we 've been getting more migrants than anywhere else since the quake . 
  however , about a decade ago there were huge problems with skinheads that made the news which is where a lot of it lingers from . 
  we 're certainly less ethnically diverse than auckland , and since there was limited settlement we 've always had fewer maoris than any of the other major cities . 
  just fyi `` asians '' are really not a collective group . 
  chinese people would be particularly offended if you called them japanese . 
  nelson is the place you want . 
  the locals are friendlier and the beaches ( nearby ) are better . 
  glad to see you do n't have any prejudice either ... 
  i noticed that there 's less of a city `` center '' in wellington , more of a sprawl . 
  one pro of invercargill is that it 's literally the easiest place in the world to drive . 
  you will never not find a park in invercargill and the main streets are like sprawling boulevards . 
  also queen 's park is quite nice . 
  it 's also the most boring place in the world , but at least it 's easy to drive in . 
  a vision of paradise, 
  probably because nobody goes there . 
  i 'd imagine less than 1 % of auckland has ever visited . 
  i probably never would have , if i did n't have relations down there . 
  just with the caveat of having terrible weather, 
  the weather 's better in auckland though is n't it ? 
  or anchorage , alaska !, 
  minus the snow , anchorage is a capital and has terrible weather . 
  much better comparison . 
  i do n't care what you think , other than pointing out that you 're being hypocritical . 
  you do n't need to stand on your atheist soapbox mate , most people here are n't religious . 
  by avoiding religious people for their intolerance , you 're being intolerant yourself . 
  that 's odd , most people do n't refer to indians as asian in my experience . 
  most use `` asian '' only use it to refer to east or south east asian , instead of south asia , central asia and the other regions so even they 're not that vague . 
  they will probably lump you , pakistanis , nepalese , bangladeshi 's and sri lankans under the label `` indian '' though . 
  it 's very thoughtful . 
  sorry , i was wrong . 
  you 're not a hypocritical bigot then , you 're just a bigot . 
  i just wanted to say ; you made a really nice meme . 
  nice meme friend !, 
  you made a really nice meme . 
  pedrinho can you sell me some `` coffee '', 
  christopher hitchens for one ... 
  hong kong can into moustache ( at least that 's what it looks like ), 
  despite the hysteria , there are sharia courts operating in birmingham like in every other major city . 
  the idea that they are somehow officially sanctioned in the uk is ridiculous , but they do exist in muslim communities . 
  they 're a pretty frequent occurance on this sub . 
  about as often as a neil degrasse tyson tweet is posted on / r/atheism . 
  reginald d argiebasher, 
  `` birmingham 's refuse collectors are all bin laden '', 
  brilliant . 
  it 's interesting reading the contrast between how hong kong was defended and how singapore was . 
  the brits put almost all their east asian infantry in singapore , leaving hong kong poorly defended in the face of japan storming through all of china ( they were outnumbered nearly five to one ) . 
  whereas they surrendered with barely a fight in singapore , in hong kong they fought as hard as they could . 
  some of the canadian soldiers fought were incredibly brave . 
  john osborne threw himself on a japanese grenade to save ten of his men . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_robert_osborn i doubt anything near as gallant happened during the `` battle '' for singapore . 
  did n't churchill describe it as a complete disgrace ? 
  my most used are :, 
  - metro ie, 
  - sketchbook express, 
  - cover, 
  - drawboard, 
  - hyper, 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  i just use vlc since it 's easier navigating to network drives and launching from the desktop . 
  set it to force a 16:10 aspect ratio and movies work perfectly . 
  both the burqa and the niqab should be banned . 
  if you can not see your face properly , you should n't operate in civil society . 
  a hijiab is more than sufficient dress for muslims as proscribed by the qur ` an . 
  maybe he got shitfaced at the local wetherspoons and is just repeating the jokes he heard there . 
  no but libel is a criminal charge , which is exactly what that situation sounds like . 
  edit : i 'm sorry i misread the poster above . 
  i thought that the journalist actually authored the column suggesting his son was to convert to judaism . 
  the author of the actual column which made the allegation could be charged with libel . 
  you 're right , it 's not . 
  i misread the poster above and edited my comment . 
  south african 's are rather blunt, 
  you realize that these regulations were exclusively for the israelites/jews right ? 
  it 's why they 're referred to as being jewish law . 
  you ca n't just take them out of context and say they 're meant for all christians . 
  and how would that help anything ? 
  it would just give his opinion less credence . 
  420 blaze it . 
  most biblical scholar 's believe the regulations that gentiles/non jews have to follow are the ten commandments themselves as well as the noahide laws , given to noah . 
  these were the only times god gave commandments for the entire world and not solely the jews . 
  he was kinda busy with his chosen people and all . 
  i 'm no biblical scholar though and there are conflicting opinions as to the extent of the `` old covenant '' laws to be followed . 
  it 's worth reading through the wikipedia article http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_views_on_the_old_covenant, 
  you have my ... well we do n't make swords but i support you in this totally noble fight mummy . 
  can you make bombs with milk powder ? 
  probably churchill . 
  thatcher is divisive , a lot of people in the south liked here whereas in scotland and the north she 'd lose a popularity contest to satan .
