  john, 
  hey , liberal hot air !, 
  it 's better than conservative hot air , right guys ? 
  we 're certainly not friends with them, 
  not when they 're burning in hell !, 
  at least they have a sense of humour, 
  anybody else play the ` winter releases 98 ' demo disc in pal territories . 
  that thing had medievil , tombi , mgs , gran turismo , kula world , tekken 3 ... so many great game demos . 
  delete this thread it 's misleading, 
  screw you , at least paul supporters are n't linking to articles from the past to show support . 
  i know , i was just pointing out how ridiculous it was to be attacking paul in this thread based on false information . 
  `` father , into your hands i commit my spirit '', 
  seriously check out the soundtrack http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2-1u8xvk54, 
  the tree of life was pretty good, 
  i pity all of your feeble minds . 
  the nazi sierra lione space project really did happen , it actually bankrupted sierra lione . 
  do n't believe me , take a look at their gdp ... now you see !, 
  this is n't a conspiracy theory , this is common knowledge . 
  oh my god !, 
  russia does n't exist , the cold war was just a fear tool . 
  wake up sheeple !!, 
  where is the bastard treasure ? 
  this actually sounds quite exciting . 
  did she know the name of the palace ? 
  so she does n't know the name of the palace where the treasures hidden ? 
  maybe you should have turned to gods word before you left your wife and kids newt . 
  can we have some highlights please ? 
  yeah , surprisingly there is a scriptural basis for christians being against divorce . 
  no , but it will reduce the life of your battery a lot . 
  thank you , i 'll give it a try, 
  you are the one who will open the door, 
  assviolator for vp , santorum for president 2012 yeahh !!, 
  i 've looked at graphs for the gold market and even in lows they seem to always go up again . 
  did your dad keep his silver bonds or did he sell them when the market was down ? 
  more likely quite a large part . 
  we should do a r/politics survey, 
  the federal reserve is n't entirely government owned though is it ? 
  it should be a proper government department and should be far more transparent than it is . 
  there 's no scientific explanation probably, 
  none of what jesus said is immoral . 
  i imagine everyone on this board believes in the ` new covenant ' and fulfillment of the law . 
  this means that the barbarity of the old testament and the laws do n't need to be followed . 
  whether these really were ` gods laws ' i personally disagree since i ca n't reconcile a loving god with much of what happens in the old testament , however it means that as christ followers or christians we are exempt from the curse of the law and need only follow jesus example of perfect love . 
  folly , absolute folly . 
  there 's no need for an ` accurate ' system when the current system works perfectly . 
  give it 10 years and the frogs will realize imperial measurement is the only measurement system that works . 
  dear boy , quit talking about smashing pumpkins or people will think you 're either angry or a lunatic . 
  bunch of silly old men , fire kills animals but not our kind . 
  ug and i are heading down to the great forest to light the trees on fire to trap some animals . 
  the rest of the tribe is welcome to come . 
  constitution still applies for stupidity newt , looks like you 're out of luck . 
  hey guys , insomniacs new spyro game coming out for ps3 in august !, 
  yes , if gingrich and santorum drop out, 
  www.bbc.co.uk/news seriously though , nobody actually knows whether we 're living in the end times or not so it 's best to stop worrying about it . 
  socially you want to be liberal , fiscally you want to be conservative . 
  the problem with american conservatives is that they 're socially conservative and fiscally liberal ( even though they claim to be against ` small government ' ), 
  not if it 's an already established expression . 
  fuck you does n't mean ` beautiful you ' even under poetic license as everyone already recognizes its meaning . 
  it 's not a myth, 
  right , feeling out of place can be solved by moving to a new place that 's pretty obvious . 
  insecurity revolves around how you perceive yourself , so the change does have to come from within you . 
  you have to change the outlook . 
  perhaps moving to a smaller town or doing something externally might help your insecurity , but the real change has to come from within . 
  so brave, 
  are you serious ? 
  this is about the mythical lost continent , not the us state . 
  is being born really being expulsed from the womb ? 
  i mean , it is alive in there . 
  point 2 is legitimate . 
  christchurch is a city in new zealand with about 300,000 people living there . 
  it 's not some biased christian hospital or whatever you thought it was . 
  mental health wise abortion can be very dangerous , especially for those that believe they 've lost a child . 
  here 's a non biased news source before you downvote, 
  haha yeah ... 
  i 'd rather have a private , airport run security team than a piece of shit administration created in a room in washington . 
  at least the privately owned one would be fired if enough people complained about the service . 
  your problem is that you see private entities as all evil mega corporations ( which some sadly are ) and fail to see that when the same amount of power and control over something is given to the government , they act just as bad as the big corporations . 
  your local mom and pop corner shop is also a ` private business ' do you see them as an evil mega corporation ? 
  privitization is n't necessarily bad , but i agree big corporatism is . 
  in order for a free market to run properly you need competition , otherwise its just as bad as a government monopoly . 
  it 's not a free market when anyone , government or private entity has a monopoly . 
  ron paul is very much against corporatism , and has actually brought up in his speeches how he talks to the occupy movement supporters and relates to their grievances . 
  the big difference is that private entities have much more accountability , provided they 're not in bed with the government . 
  if a government run plant had a major failure nobody could sue them . 
  whereas if a private plant was found to be disregarding environmental regulations or had a major failure they would be sued out of existance and would be forced to shut down . 
  a pro life libertarian is a `` beaurocratic monster '' that `` undermines our liberties '' and `` does n't make us safe '', 
  i just love this guy . 
  i want to be american for a day , just so i can vote for him . 
  yes but a fetus is n't just a cell is it . 
  upvote for uncle tom cubans, 
  in all seriousness he did n't even bother campaigning in the state as its winner take all . 
  for all the effort gingrich put in , he gets nothing out of florida at the convention . 
  2nd place in one out of 4 states is n't too bad . 
  he actually has a decent chance of winning maine or nevada, 
  we are the 7 %, 
  praise lord gingrich , restorer of flab to the populace . 
  hail his wubble wubble ways . 
  why would you want to browse it ? 
  public opinion of atheists is just as bad as someone practicing witchcraft in the us at least . 
  public opinion is n't going to help the guy .
