  looking throughout history gay relationships have never been seen as legitimate . 
  being gay was never an identity it was always seen as a perversion because it was always seen as a choice . 
  reality, 
  because the gop hates the jews right ? 
  they must really hate them to be the most ardent supporters of israel in the us . 
  right but so has a lot of sexual activity that has been seen as `` devious '' throughout history . 
  i 'll preface this by saying i support gay rights but if you make a statement asking why same sex marriage was n't illegal and not looking at the history then its a very ignorant thing to do . 
  in ancient rome for example they had gay sex sure but it was largely pedarest , or paedophilic gay relationships which is what it has been suggested paul in the bible was referring to . 
  masters would often have sex with young male slaves . 
  that was really the extent of gay relationships in rome . 
  the master would never define himself by this or say he was `` gay '' because he was having sex with a young boy . 
  the whole concept of gender identities and legitimate gay relationships is a very modern one and it 's why more prudish societies had harsh penalties for homoseuality . 
  i thanked u , 
  plz press ** thanks ** if i helped u , 
  ## ca n't handle the bravery ? 
  why do n't you go pray about it fundie . 
  either anything by christopher tin, 
  or some of the songs by emilie simon, 
  because even if adam and eve did n't let sin in , the first evolved humans who had the capability to know what was right and what was wrong willingly let sin into the world . 
  i 'm literally faithsmashing in real time !, 
  no more waiting for the fundies to reply , i can do it real time . 
  another victory for science !!, 
  just because you bold your text does n't give it any more legitimacy . 
  religion is not even remotely comparable to child abuse and you belittle those who 've suffered through actual abuse by trying to make that comparison . 
  get off your high horse of privelege and fake oppression and grow up . 
  have you considered just getting a psp with custom firmware ? 
  it runs all those and would be substantially cheaper, 
  i thought this was a safe space !!, 
  the only one i tried was the windows phone 8 one , which was really well made . 
  i 'm on touchwiz on the note and prefer it since i 'm used to it but i recommend trying it out . 
  i actually had no idea how to stop the launcher other than uninstalling it though . 
  / unjerk worst thing about samsung is that it has weird bluetooth/usb settings so i ca n't get a ps3 controller working without rooting . 
  it 's the only reason i 'm looking at rooting . 
  from what i 've read paranoid android does n't change the interface or anything and seems pretty stable . 
  you have n't had many crashes etc ? 
  it 's worth getting if you want a pocket emulation device . 
  ps1 , n64 , snes , gba , sega etc, 
  probably $ 20 to be honest with their current system ( $ 15 us ), 
  they would n't since they learnt the lesson from vista . 
  but this is a microsoft hate jerk ... 
  it 's certainly not good though . 
  it runs alright on 7/vista/8 but it was awful trying to get it on xp . 
  i bought a friend lost planet for pc tried the on disc installer and downloading one and it still did n't work . 
  but they 're not . 
  valve might hold a lot of sway in pc gaming but they do n't hold enough sway to get aaa companies to ditch windows . 
  the only reason there was the `` outcry '' against win 8 was because he feared everyone would go to the microsoft store if it was too obtrusive . 
  yeah non-trans is a perfectly valid description . 
  outside of reddit and sja contexts nobody ever uses the term cis . 
  it 's remarkable that tito kept the tensions between the different balkan groups in check . 
  i remember seeing in michael plains new europe he went to a small serbian village asking them why they believed yugoslavia broke up and they all unanimously said the loss of tito, 
  did n't we also have a stronger whaling trade than australia . 
  i was reading that in the 1840s one of the harbors in the bay of plenty was the most important whaling port for american ships so would that have contributed economically as well or did the trade die out too early to make any difference ? 
  the treaty of waitingi is new zealand 's founding document and almost acts as a constitution for the country , in that legal claims are still fought against the state based on the rights given within the treaty . 
  for example at the moment the government is attempting to sell off state assets such as a hydro power company and several maori have launched legal action based on the water rights provided within the treaty . 
  there 's no single new zealand constitution but several important documents including the treaty make up the supreme laws of the nation i believe . 
  i think one of the reasons why a constitution wasnt so important was that we inherited the british justice system and laws so that there were already established legal precedents and rights granted for individuals as a colony . 
  screencapped comment with own interpretation of what it means , without bothering to link to the thread . 
  so much bravery !!!, 
   '' i believe a lot of atheists are n't true atheists but lost theists . 
  i especially think that this applies to most of the people that call themselves atheists but do n't like [ 1 ] / r/atheism / because they think [ 2 ] / r/atheism / is to mean to theists . '', 
  dae think everyone who hates / r/atheism is a fundie ? 
  [ mad indeed ] ( / ooc ), 
  i was naughty on the sidehugs irc channel . 
  stone me now . 
  it would be one of the largest causes . 
  even if you did n't believe in christ you would call yourself a christian and probably attempt you best to believe if every christian around you acted like a saint and was incredibly nice to you . 
  more like `` every bit of milk i 've tasted has been awful so i do n't like milk '', 
  because it 's such a major part of a relationship that it can make or break it . 
  it 's both , more importantly its the sexual organs . 
  it means the partner may not be attractive or bring pleasure to the other partner if they are transgender . 
  an appendix is n't involved in a regular activity in the relationship or would prevent them having children in the long term . 
  people feel betrayed if it gets to the stage of having sex and it 's not disclosed that their sexual organs have been mutilated or are artificial , because it 's potentially withholding the ability to have sex . 
  i do n't think atheists brains are wired differently at all , i 'll give you an example in reverse . 
  even if you did n't believe in god but were brought up in a christian home , if the only interactions with atheists you had were that they were mean or hypocritical ( and i 've seen many complaints by atheists on reddit and in real life stating the same thing when referring to christians ) then you are n't likely to want to associate with the label of being atheist and try to keep your faith . 
  how we view those that practice the faith affects how we view the faith etc. 
  if we only had bad interactions with flight attendants we would dislike air travel because we associate having a bad time with that activity . 
  the problem is that damn electric insomniac rodent p1k4chu . 
  she gets oped and thinks she runs the place !, 
  whatever happened to the doctrine of the man being head of the irc channel ? 
  it 's the same in new zealand as well . 
  in fact i think most western european countries and australia also have civil unions . 
  haha greens winning any country ? 
  keep on dreaming . 
  as much as the slippery slope argument is wrong , you ca n't deny that this opens the door for polygamy . 
  it 's the exact same arguments being used : a consenting group of adults who love each other and want their rights recognized . 
  i think it will be quite a few years . 
  was n't divorce legalized there in the 90 's ? 
  i do n't know why they do n't do a timesplitters sequel . 
  it has such a great reputation , and there 's still a market for a great local multiplayer arena fps, 
  i looked at the prices of memory cards recently and i do n't think they 're that bad . 
  the 16gig memory stick i bought for the psp cost more than the current cost of the 16gig . 
  i agree if they want to push digital though they need to bring them down . 
  you should really play uncharted then . 
  or consider putting cfw on yours to try some of the other exclusives out . 
  there 's some good ones here http://vsrecommendedgames.wikia.com/wiki/playstation_3, 
  we are talking about post op transvestites . 
  i think you have an unrealistic ideal as to how realistic post op sexual organs are . 
  they do n't properly function , they 're just an imitation of the real thing . 
  yes of course transgendered people can have children via adoption or through a surrogate just like anyone else , i was assuming however that the parents would want a child that is biologically completely theirs . 
  i hold nothing against a transexual who has informed their partner that they are post op but masquerading as a women or man with normal sexual organs does n't magically change their genitals or reality .
