  i 'm sure all hong kongers ca n't wait to be part of the most hamonious municipality in all china, 
  man , that sucks . 
  if only we could pick another party or something - would n't that be novel . 
  the american political system , especially the electoral college has huge issues . 
  however despite it in practice mostly being a binary system in the us , there are still minor parties that people can vote for . 
  the fact that america 's system of voting has issues , does n't detract from the core concept of a democracy being worthwhile . 
  as / u/rice _ 22 noted , there is no single democratic system . 
  the american system is merely one option . 
  in other countries such as sweden , new zealand , brazil and the uk , the parliaments all have representatives from a range of political parties , despite each country still having two major parties . 
  but to answer your question it was [ 1848 when the whig party was a thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election,_1848 ), 
  n e w g a m e, 
  no real regrets getting a pro 3 . 
  it 's the perfect companion device to my main pc , especially since i 've set up my four external hard drives as network drives . 
  can retrieve any file off my main computer + play any movie with zero lag . 
  watch the treehouse footage of star fox . 
  it looks as good as 64 and assault , if not better . 
  because it 's not their biggest title releasing this year ... that would be star fox . 
  it 's going to be late next year most likely , and so they 'll announce it at next years event . 
  the gamecube version definitely had better controls . 
  it always makes sense playing games on the system they were designed for . 
  snp supporters would prefer to forget about british sovereignty, 
  [ well only one british monarch was executed , and even then people are quite ambivalent towards it . 
  same as `` problematic '' . 
  it 's all euphemism after euphemism . 
  i do n't personally see the issue , so long as they 're not charging for it . 
  i 've had no issues with nintendo 's online play . 
  it 's stellar in both mario kart 8 and smash . 
  it was true last generation , but not this one . 
  plus , it 's the only console that still has free online . 
  she did have record cd sales with her latest album , mostly because it came with free polaroids as a gimmick . 
  well those are the two most popular first party online titles , and i 've heard splatoon is also okay though i have n't played it . 
  most other 's will be using their own server infrastructure . 
  the cod games run fine from what i 've read as well . 
  western australia is pretty wild too , outside of perth, 
  can i be your friend : dd, 
  yet so is the observation that the user was trying to `` start something '', 
  i personally just use a review aggregator like gamerankings . 
  usually if every outlet is praising a title , it 's bound to be good . 
  there are still a lot of smaller towns in england that are 95 % + white english . 
  japanese people have very distinctive facial features . 
  it 's chinese and koreans that i have trouble differentiating between . 
  also cambodian , lao , thai can be quite challenging too . 
  i asked a waitress recently whether she was brazilian and she told me she was argentinian . 
  i felt bad for asking , considering the rivalry between the two . 
  in nyc of all places that 's ridiculous . 
  unless he was offering you a ride to jersey ... 
  i made a few of these ( jamaica , iceland , indonesia , laos and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zkzxmt5.png ) ) but there were so many skilled graphic artists working on this . 
  it was really great to see everyone coming together on this project , especially the romanian poster that put together the map . 
  one of the better things / int / has ever done . 
  it needed to be differentiated . 
  same with indonesia and poland . 
  it has happened in countries that have a state church , such as denmark, 
  oh no i realize , and so i doubt it 's likely . 
  however in christian european countries this is a real concern . 
  for example if the church of england is forced to conduct them by the british government , what happens in their overseas branches , when policy is still written from england ? 
  264 hours since late last year for me . 
  what server are you on ? 
  diameter pretty much exclusively ( nz ) . 
  centra is the only na server which my ping is n't atrocious . 
  it will be released on pc , but likely three or four years after the console release . 
  all of those are on console though . 
  i agree that elder scrolls is nowhere near as good on consoles , but i 'd argue the only `` essential games '' are pc exclusives . 
  right i understand that for you all the must play games are better to play on pc . 
  what i 'm disputing is whether a pc is an essential gaming device for those games , when you can play them on all other platforms . 
  i personally have n't been motivated to buy a ps4 or 360 either , but i 'm enjoying the wii u exclusives at the moment . 
  the deep south perhaps , but i 'd wager the average new yorker or new englander is more progressive than the average italian . 
  at least they had an empire once, 
  of course they 're subsidizing military hegemony , but like most political decisions , it is n't just one sided . 
  ask yourself how estonia , taiwan , japan and south korea would feel without a us military presence . 
  well , no it will never be 25 . 
  the us spends 4 %, 
  yes , but us intervention is much more than invading countries . 
  in the case of eastern europe , it 's joint defence drills and an increased troop presence . 
   monopoly money with a queen on it, 
  you realize said monopoly money is probably the world 's most trusted currency after your own . 
  people should be if it 's not the currency of the nation . 
  unless your country is unstable , why would the average retail shop take usd . 
  iraq was incredibly unpopular and public opinion is strongly against a war . 
  the us has avoided using ground troops in both libya and in syriia , as well as yemen and all the other ongoing conflicts in the mena region . 
  yes i 'm not disputing the fact that the us spends more on its military to assert its dominance , but because of this , russia , china , north korea and other states with territorial disagreements are prevented from invading us allies . 
  you seem to be painting the us military as having only one reason to exist , when there are many reasons as to why the us spends so much on it . 
  this is true , as it was under french control after the dissolution of the ottoman empire for twenty years . 
  higher education in lebanon is still mostly either in french or english . 
  wow . 
  even the modsare just ignoring this blatant disregard of in game etiquette . 
  sad to see the game go this way . 
  yes , but public pressure can be hard to resist, 
  the whole `` off tv '' useage would be great , if the controller itself had a range of more than 10 metres , and the battery lasted longer than 3 hours . 
  the sad thing is that the dialogue here has become so polarized against the tories that i genuinely can not tell if you 're serious . 
  [ here 's their flag ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/brt_cw-ceaaex0q.png ), 
  care to cite some examples ? 
  this is about as useful as when they changed the ad and bc to ce and bce . 
  the meaning is exactly the same , regardless of what you call the terms . 
  what part of the uk are you in ? 
  it sounds like the britain of the 60s . 
  that 's just because you 're the tallest people on earth bb, 
  [ here 's a shot of the interior ] ( http://blog.norwegianabc.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/nidara.jpg ), 
  er , that 's not really true . 
  italy , greece , germany and denmark all have blasphemy laws , but they 're rarely enforced . 
  all of those countries have good democratic institutions .
