  regardless of where you are in nz ( aside from maybe the mountainous areas + the bottom of the south island ) you get a good summer reaching 25-30 degrees . 
  aussie summers reach 40 degrees which is just too hot for me . 
  there probably is n't much variation between a nz winter and a uk one in most of the country , but i do think the summer and other seasons are better in nz . 
  outside observers perspective here . 
  the eu is undemocratic in that the eu parliament can not draft laws , only amend what has been proposed by the european commission . 
  your meps vote on amending the legislation proposed , but can not propose to create new laws . 
  the european commission of course , is unelected . 
  imagine if westminster had the queen proposing laws and mps were only able to suggest some changes and vote on them , instead of proposing new ones . 
  does n't sound very democratic does it ? 
  if the uk leaves there will be an economic downturn for a few years . 
  the uk will not get access to the `` common market '' which is the worlds biggest free trading area . 
  if this happens , uk exports to europe will be hurt because additional tarrifs will be imposed on imports and exports . 
  essentially you and uk companies will end up paying more for goods . 
  the only way to get access to the common market outside of the eu is being in the eea like norway , but it requires free movement of labour ( uncontrolled immigration ) which is what brexit are campaigning against , so this is n't happening . 
  currently the uk is n't able to make free trade deals of its own outside of the eu . 
  in the event of leaving , the uk will have more economic flexibility to make its own deals and will not have to tax imports from america , china and elsewhere as currently is required from being in the eu . 
  that 's the argument that brexit have said - the eu is very protectionist and discourages trade from outside of europe . 
  it 's perfect if you 're doing business in europe , but terrible if you 're doing business outside of it as they try to make it as uncompetitive as possible for non european companies . 
  because the 350m is sent to the eu and it 's them that decides where the money goes . 
  the rebate ( what is given back ) is not controllable and varies year from year . 
  roughly half back has been the average so far . 
  regardless it 's at least a hundred million pounds given weekly that is spent elsewhere in europe, 
  the uk is not going to choose either of those options , and it 's disingenuous to pretend they will . 
  brexit is not going to accept free movement if they leave , and that means losing access to the common market . 
  the uk will become like the us , australia , canada or any other external country doing business with europe . 
  if eea was the option then no economists would be predicting doom and gloom , because it 's more or less business as usual . 
  it 's the uk leaving the common market that will cause the sting and temporary recession . 
  right i agree with your point about the economic hit , i just do n't see how the disadvantages of eea and the swiss are relevant when it 's going to be a total exit . 
  his pseudo victorian stereotypes are so embarrassing . 
  it 's shameless pandering to yanks who know nothing about the country . 
  you 'd be surprised, 
  if negotiations end in eea membership then the entire exercise would be pointless . 
  they campaigned on reducing immigration and you can only get that by being outside of the single market ( both in the eea and eu ), 
   without referring to the other side, 
  hmm yes , i think you 've hit the nail on the head . 
  people are pointing to the dead greek economy as a negative of staying in . 
  so long as the uk remains in the eu it will have to keep contributing to the greek bailout funds , and for any other issues caused in the eurozone ( even if the uk never adopts the euro ), 
  edit : i stand corrected . 
  the uk contributed billions towards the portuguese and irish bailouts , but has an exemption over funding [ future eurozone bailouts ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36456277 ), 
  after looking at the bbcs reality check on it , i stand corrected . 
  i 've edited my post . 
  sounds like someone does n't beleave in britain ^ tm, 
  the sad thing is buzzfeed 's political section is actually quite good as they recruited some major journalists from other publications . 
  as for the rest of the site ... 
  if the uk left while in the euro the country would collapse . 
  the bank of england can minimize the damage taken and will in the coming days . 
  brown people are n't coming from europe , which is what the immigration issue was about . 
  it was mostly eastern europeans, 
  in your dreams gerry . 
  scotland might have a chance but norn iron is here to stay, 
  no third party games, 
  please . 
  the motion controls outside of the bow and slingshot were useless . 
  you can tell that they just tacked them on , unlike in skyward sword . 
  everyone i 've spoken to who played the gc version agreed it was better , since it was supposed to be the only version . 
  o shit , waddup, 
  to be honest i do n't think much of the xenophobia will be directed towards french or german eu residents . 
  mostly eastern europeans unfortunately . 
  pole 's in the uk can often treat indians and blacks terribly . 
  they moved to the uk because the pay is better . 
  even the minimum wage is three times higher than in poland . 
  a lot of pole 's will live in cheap shared housing in the uk and save up for a few years , then come back rich with their savings to poland . 
  it 's what phillippinos and a lot of other immigrants do . 
  yes , i really do n't agree with the other poster that nintendo requires some sort of gimmick in order to succeeed . 
  the gamecube might have come last in that gen but it still did better than the wii u has done , since 3rd party devs at least held on longer than for a year . 
  i do think having touch controls is a good concept on a controller . 
  if they released a console with the same graphical power of a ps4 , a standard looking controller but perhaps with a small touch screen on it i think it would do well . 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing what nintendo have up their sleeves though . 
  well relying on a gimmick has n't worked this gen either . 
  if you 're going to tack on some sort of gimmick know you need to at least have graphical power as well . 
  haha , i think nintendo need a `` ps4 '' for next gen. 
  regarding the touch controls i meant an actual touch screen around about the size of the touchpad on the ps4 controller . 
  though not as advanced or expensive to produce as the wii u one - more like a ds/cheap smartphone screen . 
  i still think nintendo have the best ips of any gaming company . 
  if they can get third party devs on board with the nx , improve their accounts system , release a powerful non gimmicky console and recruit gamers of all age ranges they could win the next gen. 
  sadly i do n't think that 's the path they 're going to take . 
  probably means they could n't find anymore work in the mines . 
  peter piddlebingsingtonworth, 
  `` people fighting for freedom '', 
  aka terorrists on my side . 
  more or less a backstabbing by gove . 
  internal squabble over who would be head of the brexit camp . 
  gove evidently won it . 
  the abuse of spaniards can stop when oliven\u00e7a is rightfully returned to portugal . 
  they 've already started the groundwork for moving the uk to the other side of the world , next to the other white commonwealth countries . 
  the $ 2000 airfare will soon put off potential immigrants . 
  his name is diego !, 
  hey i 'm interested in the swipe functionality . 
  when you swipe someone do they receive a notification that you 've swiped them and then have the option of swiping you , or will they not know whether to talk to you or not until you each swipe each other ? 
  dae atheism narwhal & pc gaming ? 
  i do n't know why people think him leaving was done willingly . 
  it 's obvious that gove had essentially backstabbed him . 
  bojo was desperate to be pm and brexit was supposed to be his coup de grace that he would ride all the way to number 10 . 
  instead he 's now vilified by both remain and leave supporters for not taking responsibility . 
  well gove seems quite eager to drink from the chalice . 
  as for whether boris would have pursued for a full brexit or just opted for a vaguely worded exit that just amounted to eea membership is uncertain . 
  there will be no procedures for invoking article 50 until the change in leadership . 
  you can hardly blame bojo for cameron setting the date . 
  if gove or any of the brexti camp back out after that then you can starting pointing blame . 
  wreckless and provocative medication ... and bacon buttys .
