  devs usually will make more money from a console release so that 's why they target them, 
  how do we judge what is defensible ? 
  logically i know you would argue it is n't but morally defensible you can argue it is . 
  when you say defensible on any grounds then do you only mean logically defensible ? 
  if the positives of the belief outweigh the negatives and the belief is not harming others then morally the belief is certainly morally defensible . 
  as to logically defensible is everything we value in society logical ? 
  love as an emotion is illogical and yet we are told it is the highest aim in our lives to experience it . 
  humans as a species are not robots , we are emotional creatures and while many of our emotions are logical ( eg pain ) love , excitement , fear can all be illogical and yet benefit us . 
  incest is a proclivity not a sexuality . 
  those who do n't come out as homosrxuals are denying an innate part of themselves . 
  those in incestuous relationships can be attracted to those outside their family . 
  i 've never heard of an incestuous relationship where the people were exclusively attracted to those in their family , just the gender . 
  the damage to relationships is n't irrelevant . 
  i think you underestimate the bonds that will be broken within a family due to incest . 
  your point about birth defects is hard to follow . 
  incest is the catalyst for defects . 
  i 'm not arguing that those with birth defects should n't be able to reproduce jsut that birth defects are objectively bad and should be eliminated as much as is naturally possible . 
  i legalizing incest that results in a high rate of defects should n't be encouraged as it is unfair to children born who will suffer from the non essential activity , as well as the mother who will be at the a higher risk of death in childbirth . 
  no , because people do n't choose to be bisexual . 
  people are n't born incestuous or are predisposed to it in any way . 
  if you have a point proving this is the case for incest by all means provide it . 
  like downsyndrome people which we have ( at least in new zealand ) forced sterlization for . 
  i do n't think those who commit incest should be steralized , but i still do n't think that we should be legally endorsing the freedom to fuck your family members . 
  it 's really not a point of contention , it 's accepted by all denominations . 
  this is why christians do n't have to follow kosher law for example whereas jews do . 
  it 's a point of contention as to whether we need to ask for forgiveness of our sins . 
  christs death forgave all sins we could ever commit , but some denominations e.g catholicism you need to continually ask for this forgiveness . 
  it 's never been a sin in christianity to plant seeds in mixed fields because it is `` jewish law '' again . 
  jewish law was upheld by the priests for jews , because jews are an ethnoreligious religion , only jewish people can follow it . 
  one considered exemption is the `` noahide laws '' but these are minor and personally i do n't believe there 's enough theological backing that we require to follow them . 
  i think this wikipedia article will answer most of your questions, 
  stop repressing us with your antiquated `` clothes '' fundie !, 
  wow . 
  is n't reddit just the greatest ? 
  literally the second coming of aalewis . 
  or sikhism , or hinduism , or bahaii . 
  any religion that is peaceful that is `` mysterious '' and not what their parents raised them as . 
  how about neither ? 
  have you considered many agnostics are apatheists as well and are literally on the fence . 
  sometimes you ca n't class them as anything but in the middle . 
  fuck religion and flame the bundle ( practice science ) brother !, 
  we do n't raid the serious subs , just / r/atheism . 
  praise sagan though that the light of science is being spread without us !, 
  how does it not make sense ? 
  you can be an agnostic theist or an agnostic atheist or an apatheist agnostic that leans towards neither . 
  [ * `` baby it 's cold outside '' *, 
  ** - calabim ** ] ( / / #quote ), 
  yes i do believe in god, 
  right , but how does this invalidate my claim that people can be apatheist agnostics ? 
  i 'm a agnostic theist because i have a strong belief in god but it does n't mean that people are uncertain of whether they believe on god or not ? 
  it 's not neccessarily a binary thing that you either believe or disbelieve . 
  some people simply do not know . 
  if this is n't evidence that america is literally a third world country i do n't know what is . 
  when you specifcally go for a religious card , you get religious references on them !!!, 
  #### oppression !, 
  i really did n't get that myself . 
  i watched the film and i just saw an incredibly stressed out perfectionist . 
  this is definitely going to tie their family together . 
  bravo keith , freedom aint free , and a child needs some rope to stop em runnin away with the devil !, 
  wow . 
  the archangel `` tweety '' is protecting you from above !, 
  he made fun of me in a tweet, 
  \\ #oppression !!, 
  why do n't we tax churches too ? 
  we could live in mars if we taxed churches !, 
  [ they will always jerk harder . 
  we thought faces of atheism was the pinnacle of smugness and along came aalewis . 
  until that place is moderated they will always outdo us ] ( / ooc ), 
  lol !, 
  not downvoting a comment i disagree with . 
  jidg shills detected !!, 
  their agnosticism refers to their belief as well . 
  when you ask them if you believe or not , if they 're uncertain they do n't necessarily either believe or disbelieve in god . 
  there 's no clear positive or negative towards theism or atheism , they 're in the centre . 
  let 's apply your thinking to another subject : aliens . 
  when i ask `` do you believe in aliens '' and they reply `` i do n't know '' , i say `` i did n't ask if you know , i asked if you believe '' . 
  you either believe or you do n't ... any answer other than `` yes , i believe in aliens '' makes you a nonbeliever in aliens by default . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  while there are certainly differing levels of agnostic theists and atheists , to try to group those that lean towards neither as theists or atheists is disingenous . 
  sure ... 
  pardon ( in english ), 
  pardon ( in french ), 
  hey fellow cantab !, 
  what part of the states did you come from ? 
  nice . 
  i 'd love to do a road trip round the states sometime . 
  let 's not forget the scottish enlightenment, 
  agnostics are atheist . 
  you literally ca n't be in the middle , you 're either a stupid christard or an enlightened atheist . 
  `` i 'm divin in '' inspired me to get baptised . 
  upvote to canonize st toby !, 
  he 's generally pretty good any topic that is n't about atheism ... which is none at all in / r/christianity amirite ? 
  what if satan had a baby with jesus ? 
  where 's your god now !!!, 
  i was amazed when i saw these in sri lanka . 
  here 's a video i took of one, 
  really good . 
  it has one of the biggest capacity batteries out there . 
  it 's only really the amish that keep it alive now is n't it ? 
  i would n't be surprised ...
