  i have n't used british rail outside of london , but it 's a shame what happened with our domestic network in nz . 
  aside from the line from wellington to auckland , and the public light rail in those cities , there are hardly any passenger rail services anymore . 
  you used to be able to travel up and down the whole country . 
  i think we 've become quite car centric as a result . 
  i 'm not a dermatologist , or even an amateur one , but i believe the colder temperatures and increased rain give greater moisture to the skin , rather than dry arid countries ( such as australia ) where the sun burns and dries out the skin . 
  this helps cleanse it in a way . 
  hi , from new zealand here . 
  are we talking about the sinking of the same ship , the one that french intelligence agents sank and murdered a man on board ? 
  i do n't see how that 's glorious . 
  barely any , which is probably why they 're supportive of it . 
  \\  communist education, 
  well this is the issue . 
  some people think this column could incite people to commit violence . 
  i think her views are abhorent , but it 's just her expressing her opinion , not a call to arms . 
  i was going to say the same thing . 
  i 'm friends with quite a few americans in their 20s and all agree their system is broken . 
  of course you can get the best healthcare in the world in america , they do have the best hospitals , but of course only if you 've got the hundreds of thousands to pay for it . 
  er yes , german and french are less relevant than english because they 're spoken by fewer people . 
  that 's not to say that they 're not worth learning , but just they 're less important than english . 
  i agree the masculine , feminine thing is arbitrary and confusing , but it 's easier in some . 
  in portuguese words ending in `` o '' are masculine and words ending in `` a '' are feminine . 
  combined those are probably the majority of words . 
  however , you 're still perfectly understandable even if you prefix the word incorrectly as the wrong gender . 
  the verb forms are much trickier than the genders . 
  the clear choice always used to be french , given its proximity . 
  sadly french has grown less important , but all monarch 's and those in upper class british society used to speak fluent french . 
  i think the problem with spain is the age of the population as well . 
  when they 're retired , they do n't necessarily have the confidence or determination to learn a language that someone in their mid 20s would have . 
  it 's not surprising that foreign speakers have a better grasp on the grammatical structure of our language though . 
  they 've had to learn the ins and outs of it to gain fluency , whereas i know a lot of school students do n't pay much attention as it 's not required to speak the language . 
  this is absolutely the case . 
  i found parisians were some of the nicest people i 've spoken too , precisely because i always started the conversation in ( poor ) french . 
  once it becomes apparent that your french is abysmal , they 'll smile and switch to english . 
  the stereotype of rude parisians comes from people who do n't make any effort to speak french . 
  a superiority complex / s, 
  underrated post, 
  i wish we could be get of this nonsensical anti semitism and nazism from this sub . 
  if the jooz are supposedly orchestrating mass immigration , why are the muslim immigrants some of the most anti semitic of any population ? 
  why would it further this imaginary jewish cabal 's interests to import a population that is going to make them feel unwelcome in their own homes ? 
  honestly , such a load of tripe . 
  focus on the facts , not the fables . 
  this is the same in new zealand , we call them `` de facto partnerships '' . 
  if you have been living with a partner for three years or more , they have the right to claim your assets under the law . 
  [ so progressive ] ( http://www.howtolaw.co/division-of-property-when-a-marriage-or-de-facto-relationship-ends-392064 ), 
  i knew a nepalese redditor called sunil once . 
  he was a pretty great guy . 
  what if i le told you ? 
  this is the sunil thread . 
  as someone living under a constitutional monarchy i agree with you . 
  this thread has little to do with our christian beliefs , and everything to do with the leftwing anarchist political narrative that much of this sub holds . 
  in fairness , the thread on / r/christianity goes off topic too . 
  turkey ... undertake to prohibit ... any activity aimed at promoting ... partition of the island . 
  yes the turks had the right to take action against the attempted union with greece , but the treaty itself says they had no right to partition cyprus . 
  who lived their lives in moscow, 
  blair was a terrible pm . 
  mismanaged iraq and immigration in ways that are still hurting britain today . 
  it 's not multiculturalism in general is it though ? 
  are n't the majority of problems occurring in the pakistani and islamic community ? 
  i do n't really hear about the jamaican 's or chinese causing issues . 
  i think there would be more criticism of christians if terrorism occurred as frequently as it did amongst muslims . 
  in the space of thirty years , there have been less than ten attempted arsons or bombings , in the most conservative parts of the american south . 
  it 's ridiculous that these things even occur , but the frequency is much lower than it is to islamic motivated violence, 
  look at how the catholics are now stereotyped as being pedophiles . 
  it 's because the proportion of the incidents occurring were incredibly high . 
  it 's the same with islamic extremism : the proportion is much higher than it is to other religious communities , and thus the stereotype of the muslim terrorist sticks . 
  i do n't think israel was founded by atheists . 
  perhaps one or two and probably some agnostics as well , but it 's not a stretch to say many zionists were practicing jews . 
  how many mosques have been burnt in the past year ? 
  say what you want about key , but the turkish redditors will happily remind you that erdogan is much worse . 
  claiming that china has no literary tradition is pure ignorance . 
  nigeria is understandable , since they did n't have a written history before colonization , but china has had a literary culture for millenia . 
   has its issues, 
  probably the understatement of the century . 
  since you 're somalian though , have you seen ` the master chef of mogadishu ' . 
  it 's about a uk expat that returned to somalia recently to set up a group of restaurants . 
  it 's really inspiring . 
  i like how he 's taking credit for all of western civilizations collective accomplishments . 
  i would echo others in this post and suggest wordpress . 
  the reason it 's so popular is because it 's so customizable - it 's a blogging system , but you can use themes to set it up just like a normal website . 
  you need to buy a domain name and buy webhosting - i recommend namecheap . 
  alternatively you can host on wordpress and use a '' . wordpress.com '' domain name . 
  https://penscratchdemo.wordpress.com/ this is a nice theme for uploading your writing . 
  there was a big spat two days ago in a pub on diameter . 
  i ca n't remember who it was , but the teams were barely even playing and just berating each other . 
  thank you mods for the reminder . 
  it 's more that you did n't provide any reason for having your opinion . 
  that , and the fact that your username screams `` troll '' . 
  ** '' ... you do not need to be fully qualified '' **, 
  towards the end of their lifetime , the last gen consoles had specs far lower than even the most entry level pc at the time . 
  yet during that same time period , when console specs were laughable , they produced some of the most graphically polished titles of the entire generation . 
  why ? 
  because dev 's figured out how to get the most out of the system , and optimize their assets and code to do so . 
  the specs on the wii u are worse than even a $ 300 laptop and yet it can still produce amazing games , because the os is designed solely for that purpose and resources are allocated for just doing that . 
  i do n't think you 'd categorize it as a minor crime . 
  i agree that execution was n't justified especially for a foreign national , but for smuggling drugs into australia or nz on that scale , you 'd be looking at many years behind bars . 
  that 's a gypsy face . 
  you can always tell : hardworking brits do n't pull faces like those . 
  i do n't doubt his sincerity , but he has no charisma and no backbone . 
  i 'll give you a hundred dollars . 
  ^ ^ ^ wait ^ ^ ^ did ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ trick ^ ^ ^ work ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ atheists ^ ^ ^ or ^ ^ ^ christ ^ ^ ^ killers ?
