  he 's just rumprustled because nobody cares about him on / r/atheism anymore, 
  this time it was n't just the entitled gamers kicking a fuss , which is why they listened . 
  look at dosbox for older dos games . 
  install it and once you download the game , drag the game file into the dosbox desktop shortcut and it should work . 
  i 've already seen this used twice , was n't surprised it was from / r/atheismrebooted . 
  criticize my username . 
  i am filth , i am scum , i am the unelect . 
  please , i implore you to unleash the wrath of all judging theology on my wicked sinners body !, 
  who did some great psp titles, 
  just came out the other day on vita too . 
  the ps3 versions in 3d as well, 
  with the ps4 having a touchpad , i do n't think it 's likely that there will be many third party controllers . 
  um ... it 's ** the homosexual agenda !!!, 
  that 's what it is . 
  [ * the republican party has turned into the nazi party . 
  republicans = nazis , except me . 
  lol . 
  i agree , it 's not a pressing issue . 
  however modern germany would never deny their past atrocities , turkey does . 
  a country can be influential with a us military base there . 
  are germany , australia and japan not inflential . 
  half the world has a us military base . 
  most copts are arab are they not ? 
  the coptic language ( which is seldom used , except for some religious texts ) is close to ancient egyptian though . 
  obvious troll . 
  i think that 's what anyone means when talking about jesus , muhammed , buddha or any religious figure in a historical manner . 
  ah right of course , the supernatural claims about christ are all up to faith . 
  however i find it pretty ridiculous that the self professed `` logical '' atheists like this guy throw out historical evidence when it suits their biases . 
  because it 's not certain , so it 's a matter of choosing to believe . 
  this is n't the place for a religious debate , if that 's what you 're after . 
  grow up . 
  you resort to calling america fascist , which is nothing but hyperbole . 
  it 's comparable to right wingers calling obama a muslim . 
  you also have no proof that people are being censored by the media , or that the media is `` fascist '' either . 
  your entire argument is hot air , just wild labels with no substance . 
  because nobody has protested or done anything ... 
  i was standing in a large line at office depot when a fundie came up to me and handed me a tract ( aka mein kampf ) . 
  i ripped it to pieces in front of him, 
  `` arent you gon na read that son '', 
  `` no , are n't you gon na stop believing in magical sky donkeys '', 
  he was flabbergasted and converted to science on the spot . 
  oh ... best reason to believe in god ? 
  what 's the best reason to believe in unicorns , eh ? 
  i ` ma gon na chew shit up, 
  shit it out , in a cup, 
  said she like it shredded, 
  i give it to her headed, 
  chow down baby , it 's capn crunch, 
  fuck you `` hueyimam '' , or should i say lolsail . 
  we 'd got rid of the last mole and you fuck everything up . 
  i 've been tired of playing this game for a while but you took an oath to protect the movement , and now you 've broken it . 
  you think your oh so gracious move of scrambling the usernames up was going to atone for what you 've done ? 
  you took the oath that was unbreakable, 
  you 're not going to be forgiven . 
  you know what happened to violentacrez when he tried doxxing us . 
  i really thought you were smarter than this , now as soon as kd gets out of hospital you 're shadowbanned . 
  no , they 're too right wing . 
  head on over to / r/liberalreality , we deal with right wingers brigading all the time . 
  i think we should just throw them into the ocean and they can swim back . 
  that way only the strongest chinese people will make it to china and their population will benefit from it . 
  also chairman mao was fond of killing chinese people , so it must be the cultural thing to do . 
  yeah , i often use womens shampoo too . 
  is n't it pretty much unisex ? 
  bad opinion bob and, 
  unpopular intellectual andy, 
  there 's actually quite a big homebrew scene on dreamcast , since almost all consoles can play burnt games without modifying the console . 
  there 's a company that releases a new game every year on dreamcast and sells them too . 
  so glad we have some real science on this sub, 
  second the html/css book . 
  i 'm working my way through it at the moment , fantastic resource . 
  looks fantastic for a first site . 
  might want to fix the underscore hover , at least on firefox on the homepage it auto highlights home . 
  no , he 's saying that the piratebay are definitely legitimate resellers of lynda tuitorials !, 
  oh my , / r/hailcorporate is going to have a field day, 
  i think it 's just because it 's usually coupled with rgb , which is . 
  my name is a science . 
  check your corporate privilege , big alcohol . 
  i gave up on revelations as they threw in more weapons when they did n't need too , and the plot seemed to be scraping the barrel . 
  will have to give it another go , two and brotherhood were both fantastic . 
  [ chicken lickin * eh ? 
  * ] ( / / #kfc ), 
  ### so meta . 
  literally hitlerally something anne frankly right now . 
  ## ca$ h money nigga . 
  we bravein , we upvotin . 
  this the real $ $ hit , right here !, 
  up le azz $ $, 
  please do n't compare obama to the jews . 
  if republitards did n't control congress obama would have declared war on israel by now . 
  [ i have n't been following old ronny 's reaction to the nsa spying thing . 
  anyone got any choice quotes ? 
  / r/liberalreality, 
  libertarian liberal anarchy , with upvotes as currency . 
  / r/liberalreality : reddit 's unofficial sub for the new american revolution ^ tm, 
  do n't tell me you have n't read the paul is heresy ( pih ) translation ? 
  you methodists really are stuck in the 20th century . 
  ##### ur gon na be benned 4 dis, 
  upvote to rename quickmeme to dawkinmeme !, 
  is that speaking english or do you only go for english girls ? 
  are you a teenage atheist that plays video games by chance ?
