  aramaic is n't a race it 's a language . 
  the longest journey without a doubt . 
  it came second on adventure gamers top 100 games of all time . 
  incredible fantasy story and one of the best games i 've ever played - though for some puzzles you will need a walkthrough . 
  the number one game on that is amazing too , grim fandango - has similar humour to sam and max . 
  i also recommend syberia , which has an excellent story . 
  i also enjoyed amerzone - set in a south american jungle , it 's got a nostalgic explorer feel to it . 
  i 've heard good things about myst but i 've never played it before . 
  that site has some good recommendations as well . 
  no i do n't but i did find a post by someone openly admitting to be [ twelve ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/yhyn4/im_a_12_year_old_these_are_the_type_of_people_i/ ), 
  my big brother told me when i was young, 
  do n't listen to your fundie mom, 
  here 's works from hitchens and harris for you, 
  believing in god is dumb, 
  as i got older and turned twelve, 
  logic was on my side, 
  argued on facebook all day long, 
  i lost my friends but not my pride !, 
  do n't need no heaven to be, 
  a good person see, 
  i 'm arguing on the internet, 
  my life is complete, 
  do n't need no fundie to say, 
  what to do with my brain, 
  i 'm on the right track baby, 
  i 've got logic today, 
  ooh there aint no other way, 
  atheism is here to stay, 
  i 'm on the right track baby i was born this way, 
  no questions , i 'm just wanting your logic all over me . 
  fuck off fundie !, 
  you 're trying to use science to win an argument , how dare you !, 
  everyone knows le europeans are all closet atheists . 
  make sure to take their fillings and posessions before burning the body . 
  that way the logic guardians at the fundie camps can make a profit . 
  not true, 
  there was a couple convicted of honour killings recently and it took almost 20 years for them to be convicted , since the girls death was silenced within the family ! . 
  i 'm sorry can you please provide some historical facts . 
  christianity has been the default in europe since the late roman times . 
  the romans pushed it on the non christians and since there were no freedoms at the time most of the population was christian in western europe by the late roman period . 
  when you say the christians pushed religion on the non christians you 're forgetting the fact that almost everyone was christian through most of europes history . 
  past the middle ages after the scandinavian peoples were converted it was only muslim spain ( which to be fair had terrible things done to the muslims and jews during the inquisition and expansion of the spanish kingdom ) that was non christian and eastern europe , most of which became christian as the tsars and kingdoms there grew in strength . 
  the vast majority of the riots , mass murders and wars in europe had very little to do with religion and largely to do with land expansion and economics . 
  in fact the `` religious '' struggles that took place later in history were mostly due to a clash between catholocism and protestantism . 
  to believe that the wars in europes history have been mostly religious is completely stupid i 'm sorry . 
  seriously ? 
  that 's like asking what do you do in new york ? 
  other than the amazing nightlife , shopping , food , entertainment etc. 
  plus it 's a twenty four hour city . 
  have you been to hong kong before ? 
  it 's hardly a gated retirement community , you could maybe apply that to singapore but not hong kong . 
  i 'm planning on moving to hong kong once i finish my degree since it 's the most exciting city i 've been to . 
  i would n't say it 's racism . 
  i would say it 's more classism or a cultural clash . 
  how can they be racist to their own race ? 
  you sort of ca n't blame them when the governments doing all it can to strip them of the freedoms they 've enjoyed for years . 
  opening the floodgates to crowd the city and institute propoganda education classes . 
  hahahaha try actually going there, 
  stupid attitude to have, 
  i think that 's the most embarassing thing . 
  caaaan you feel my arm tonight ? 
  well if you 're asking about work there 's a reasonable technology sector over there . 
  i 'll be working in system/network admin hopefully at one of the international schools , but yes i agree tourism , retail , food and finance are the biggest industries . 
  since it 's a small city that 's mostly what it offers but all types of office related work is available as well . 
  i compared it to nyc since they 're both harbour cities , most people live in appartments , both have big financial sectors , both are big tourist destinations , have extensive public transport , are food focused and have non stop nightlife . 
  in fact they are pretty similar but hong kong is on a smaller scale and with a different culture . 
  in the uk its the polish, 
  no that 's not my argument at all . 
  i do n't think state endorsement of religion and especially pressure to convert to one is right at all but you need to place the event in it 's historical context . 
  constantines conversion was 312 ad when christianity had already gained many followers through the empire . 
  this was after centuries of persecution of christians by the state which endorsed and favoured the roman pantheon of gods . 
  now neither situation is commendable but looking at the empire itself in todays light you will see human rights violations with slavery , terrible treatment of women , huge classism , racism you name it . 
  pushing religion on the citizens was only one of many wrongs the empire did , but it was n't only the empire that spread it . 
  even when the religion was outlawed and its followers suffered death it still managed to grow to the point where constantine converted largely out of the popularity of christianity . 
  i also agree that a wrong does n't have to be the catalyst of everything to make it so but the way you worded your sentence certainly implied that religion was the cause of all these, 
   `` christians pushed religion on the non christians '' ... 
   `` there were riots , there were mass murders and wars , coups , torture and executions '', 
  you 're point is n't proven simply because religion was n't what caused the majority of wars , riots , murders and all the other attrocities in europe you 're trying to claim it had . 
  sure , religion has caused conflict i wo n't deny that but you ca n't look at european history and claim religion was the catalyst for most of the attrocities without lying through your teeth . 
  you 're welcome to tab open entries in this [ list ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_conflicts_in_europe ) and try to show me how all your continents problems stemmed from religion . 
  the fact that you call religion a `` mind poison '' shows you 're not the most impartial person , but feel free to find all these invisible european holy wars . 
  marriage equality explained through mountain dew, 
  ( something that all americans can understand ), 
  you and i are thirsty . 
  every day we both drink mountain dew . 
  you drink mountain dew baja blast . 
  i drink mountain dew code red . 
  we both call them mountain dew, 
  we both enjoy mountain dew . 
  we 're both happy and life is good . 
  your bible does n't burst into flames . 
  your kids do n't resort to satanism . 
  america does n't collapse . 
  shut up . 
  drink your nasty baja blast and let me enjoy a code red . 
  boy they do love that treaty of making an ally with a muslim nation, 
  it turns out that / r/atheism is much more complex than we thought . 
  they do n't believe in god therefore they do n't believe in themselves !, 
  all the smugness and circlejerking was to hide their insecurity of having no self confidence !, 
  you 'll probably enjoy london most if you have the choice .
