  rationality goes out the window when you know you 're right, 
  ughh give me some of that science, 
  considering i 'm banned from / r/atheism for calling msf `` literally a church '' on one of their omg oppressive meta subs threads i 'm all for it . 
  i 'm sure some were trying to do good but it 's a bit like the story in the bible of the pharisees making as much noise as they can when they gave money in the temple . 
  how else do you explian `` for 1000 upvotes i ' l give ... money to dwb '' . 
  the most blatant one was a guy doing it and got about 500 upvotes before he realized he did n't get karma for self posts and admitted it was all for karma . 
  owning fundies on facebook , this is fucking euphoric . 
  they 've contaminated the word with their cynicism and entitlement . 
  it 's sure to die eventually ... the worst sub for its overuse is / r/cringepics that really picked it up ... every single thread has a `` professional quote maker '' bit where you have the whole quote done line by line . 
  i 'm kinda sick of it but `` euphoric '' is going there with `` strong then kill '' among perfect catchphrases describing ratheists . 
  `` faithsmashers incorporated '' could maybe be another tag line ? 
  i still like it though, 
  im sorry but i have to disagree with you . 
  i hated win 8 at first esp for on a non touch device but on a touchscreen monitor it 's fantastic . 
  you get great gesture support extra apps and the ability to run and multitask between new programs and the legacy ones . 
  omg is le third girl sweedish ? 
  what happened ? 
  this thread is a graveyard, 
  but obviously hitler gassed jews because he was a xtian . 
  it 's literally in the bible to exterminate gods chosen people . 
  if we 're accurate le joke does n't work, 
  paul ryan ? 
  more like frankenryanfuckrepublicanstein amirite ? 
  you 're not going to find any support for your delusional theology in here . 
  also , buy a firearm ? 
  i 'm sure jesus was jumping for us all to get weapons . 
  he was doing that but it 's already typed it in his username , so read the username first then every sentence he types . 
  but if god h [ ath ] fury then is god going to hell ? 
  science = atheism and when it does n't it 's not true science . 
  yeah , it 'd be the same for this guy in australia too . 
  omg look at this house on the outskirts of darwin , what a bargain ... cue same house in melbourne or sydney costing twice the amount, 
  are n't they synonymous though ? 
  being in the eu is a requirement for being in the eurozone , it 's just one of the financial arms of the eu, 
  oh god , you just reminded me how brilliant that guy was . 
  did you see the 50 cent parody video ? 
  well i 'll be pirating the ps3 release anyways ... 
  friendly reminder : / r/atheism is about logic and reason and not karma whoring upvotes like concern trolls accuse it of being . 
  pretty sure they 'll release it on vita at some point ... psp is dead now overseas, 
  her album 's fantastic ... listen to the acoustic version of wildest moments https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpg2v_egzsu, 
  i paid full price for psp release because in 2005 it was the most amazing device i 'd ever seen . 
  i bought daxter and then basically nothing else ... it was ages later i bought a bigger memory stick and learnt how to get emulators and ps1 games working on it . 
  3ds battery was pretty lackluster but the xl 's is fantastic, 
  i would love a source on that if you can provide it . 
  there may have been some sort of sham union to make having sex with a male prostitute or servant less offensive but as far as i 'm aware gay marriage is a very recent invention . 
  actual recognition that homosexuality is n't a disorder is late 20th century as well . 
  the media did n't murder alan turing, 
  are you implying that being raised without both sexes is detrimental ? 
  sadly i do n't think they 're going to get overthrown ... the biggest protests happened a few months ago . 
  also i 'm concerned about how mb treats religious and social minorities like the copts, 
  compared to saudi arabia ... 
  compared to any western nation they 're very backwards ... i mean they 're one of the few theocracies in the world . 
  yeah , i 'd report this . 
  you did n't get his analogy did you ? 
  all the problems he listed in `` america '' were what has been happening in china recently . 
  i ca n't compare to the vita but i had a original 3ds then upgraded and the battery is definitely better . 
  the bigger screen is so much better for ds and 3ds games and the stylus is much nicer . 
  even if they were remotely close to / r/trueatheism or / r/christianity 's quality they should n't . 
  if anything i 'd say / r/religion should be a default , but i do n't support that either . 
  that infamous `` rule 1 - go fuck yourself '' conveniently ignored the fact people without accounts are forced to see their shitty memes secreting out teenage angst and spite . 
  as a gay scientatheist who works at valve you earned my upvote . 
  probably because they do n't make as much money from them, 
  #### indoctrination !!!!, 
  what you wrote is understandable . 
  he hand picked some of the most obscure words in the english language . 
  their creative cloud system seems more reasonably priced and you get updated to the latest versions of programs as well, 
  give this man his upvotes !, 
  its gotten to the point in the civil war i prefer having assad than the rebels . 
  like the egyptian revolution its been hijacked by militants and salafists all keen to impose their own agendas over people wanting freedom . 
  at least assad maintained a secular government and would look after the religious minoriites . 
  when assad is killed an islamic party will be elected and it 's just going to be another repeat of egypt , a slow downfall of a once great country . 
  surely you notice when you get a day off ? 
  i think my girlfriend is cheaing on me !!!!, 
  what do i do ? 
  til : today i learned that churches !!!!, 
  gives only 1 % of anything to charity . 
  i know it does n't take much , but please sign this whitehouse petition to end unlocking cell phones, 
  i am ends_with_faggot shitty novelty accounts unite !, 
  has anyone heard of this popular band , pink floyd ? 
  someone defriended me for posting a richard dawkins video . 
  then i responded with fuck god, 
  i am about a mindblow now , and mind = blown . 
  ( so witty !!! ), 
  this is one of the correct ways to use good guy republican ( meme ) ? 
  op is a nigger lol !!!, 
  til : closeted republican hitlers think about masturbating to boys 10000000 times a week . 
  scientests discover about gay marijuana cures religion . 
  the new pope is also a nazi . 
  hitler did kill hitler lol !!! . 
  i think queen 's song aids ( lol ) is underrated . 
  mercury is even wrote it about fat bottom girls though he was a fag . 
  aaaand she 's blond . 
  of course she is a cocksucker ( +100 ), 
  iama science educator neil degrasse tyson !!!!, 
  here to talk about my new book about atheism, 
  i seem to have done this wrong ... but here 's one, 
  reddit have you ever ___ a girl . 
  if so , how did it feel ? 
  a shitty artwork inspired by zelda, 
  charitable , hotel, 
  a twitter war against reddits celebrity of the moment,
