  i 'd like to see if there are any studies backing this up . 
  and so marks the beginning of gingrich 's decline, 
  `` so ron paul is voted in as president of the united states of america . 
  however the ** real ** test is whether he endures the presidency '' - honestly i wonder how long the anti paul bias will last, 
  hey america , it 's not just canada that throws in the u 's with o 's and other letters . 
  new zealand , uk and australia all use her majestys glorious spelling system as well . 
  if we can get paul winning iowa and new hampshire , every other state and news channel will take notice . 
  winning iowa ( which i have no doubts we will since it 's a caucus ) will be great but the media will divert attention to new hampshire . 
  if we can get 2 states in a row , there 's no doubt we will be the front runners . 
  after we win these 2 states , and the primary voters in the remaining 48 take notice and support paul , then gentlemen the doctor will have the republican candidacy . 
  if you want decent competition to obama then you should . 
  it 's like paultards actually do n't care about hypothetical environmental issues and recognize that there are much more important things to consider when choosing a president . 
  r/atheism does n't represent all atheists , and i pray to god it does n't . 
  he was saying the board has a reputation for being disrespectful and it does , yet he 's pointing out something respectful and interesting taking place there . 
  give paul your vote . 
  i know `` every vote counts '' is overused , but it 's true . 
  tell your friends and family about him , compare obamas voting record with pauls and explain why there will be real change if paul comes in . 
  he 's putting quite a bit of effort in there , and let 's not forget romneys numbers are declining every day ... just as newts are beginning to . 
  the race is far from over , but i 'll be interested to see what the pollings like once paul wins iowa, 
  well done florida , keep up the vote ratio for your primary !, 
  i 'm ron paul and i approve this band-wagon, 
  i 'm a man , can i have steel forecepts rip something out of me too ? 
  well you 're not getting the clintons running , so why not vote for paul ? 
  his stance on abortion is that it should be none of his businesses . 
  the federal government should n't be able to tell you whether it 's right or wrong . 
  do n't let the minor issues dissuade you from voting for him , his economic and anti war stances will save the country from ruin . 
  go on ... proudly cast your vote for your president . 
  his wall street bailout and continuation of wars have bankrupted your country . 
  as an outside observer , its either paul or the economic death of america . 
  ~ ~ that guy on morning joe will never be president ~ ~ ftfy !, 
  i know a lot about ron paul . 
  i know his budget will cut a trillion dollars in the first year from 5 inefficient departments and from failed wars overseas . 
  i also know by looking at his voting record that he 's a man of integrity and consistency , and the same ca n't be said about obama . 
  believe me , i was celebrating obama in 08 with the rest of america . 
  his ` change ' platform was what we wanted to hear ... but over time i saw that very little of that change was coming into effect . 
  once i looked at his voting record as a senator , i realized he was n't going to change anything for the better . 
  your argument for atheism is the same thing though . 
  ` we 're lazy , we just wo n't believe in any god because we 're in a secular democracy . ', 
  it 's really all about the environment and in the past , the world has been religious in part because that 's what everyone else has done ... and also because it made sense at the time . 
  we 've gone from largely pantheism to largely monotheism . 
  i 'm going to look into the whole biologically wired for belief thing , because if it 's true then atheism would essentially be unnatural . 
  ` first there was ~ ~ war ~ ~ bush , and then there was ~ ~ peace ~ ~ me . ', 
  do n't forget keeping the 17,000 person embassy in baghdad !, 
  i agreed with libya but i did n't agree with how it was done . 
  congress should have voted on it , and they did n't . 
  thus , it was unconstitutional . 
  honoring a military agreement to fight a war with our allies in nato . 
  ftfy, 
  our economy . 
  is broke . 
  no war . 
  i 'd like paul to give huntsman a position on foreign policy ~ ~ if ~ ~ when he wins . 
  i 'd like paul to give huntsman a position on foreign policy ~ ~ if ~ ~ when he wins . 
  he 's great but he has no chance . 
  paul finally has an opportunity to win , and anyone who wants no wars and excessive spending should be out voting in the primary for him . 
  at least you picked a good issue , rather than what frickin denomination they attend church with . 
  he 's not racist or a ` crazy christian fundamentalist ' . 
  rick perry perhaps , not ron paul . 
  you are my hero ron , marry me !!!, 
  ( that is , if that 's what you want to do , and if it 's legislated at a state level ) ron paul 2012 !!!, 
  ` sunday ' my friend refers to the pagan adoration and worship of the sun , and so is n't compatible with us wise atheists . 
  ` secular winter atheist day ' is a much more preferable replacement . 
  i 've actually started a whitehouse petition to name it ` saganday ' as well as replace the existing sky fairy days names . 
  ~ ~ necklace ~ ~ chains of oppression, 
  be a christian . 
  have you heard about the crusades ? 
  na bro , mao was n't a real atheist cuz he did bad stuff . 
  rick santorum : 80 hp : presbyterian, 
  attacks include : warmongering , denial , freedom , children, 
  sorry , it just seemed like you were conveniently ignoring the war part . 
  are you going to address the satanic themes in your evil addictive game ? 
  i 'm kidding by the way , it looks better than any other mmo i 've seen . 
  very good sermon , the saul and jonah bits i 'd never heard before . 
  the jonah bit especially was mind blowing !, 
  it seems really bad up there . 
  i loved renting a place in tahuna in summer , it 's usually such a sunny place . 
  you can see jesus teachings as a great source of moral guidance yes , however the purpose of the teachings were to help guide us in a relationship with him . 
  you can still get value out of them however , but you 're not honestly following the teachings of jesus by denying his divinity . 
  yes we know , priests are n't the only non violent people . 
  it 's just they usually have a decent reputation and are easy to recognize . 
  can we please leave it at that . 
  when he says ` another world ' he means a world without violence , like ` another way is possible ' ? 
  i just skimmed over the article , but i was wondering if this is what he means . 
  non catholic minsters then ? 
  if you value your vote then you 'd vote for ron paul in your states republican primary and in the general election . 
  you can stick to either the status quo ( obama - wo n't help change our economy to get rid of debt , will maintain an active foreign presence etc ) or get an even worse republican candidate . 
  i ( and let 's be honest , nobody else ) do n't support ron paul on every issue , but i support him on the ones that matter . 
  namely ending the wars , reducing our spending and getting out of debt , not being the policemen of the world and understanding how our foreign policy became so tragic , liberalizing drug reform so we do n't jail people for marijuana , valuing the constitution and following it the way the founders intended - which includes dramatically reducing federal control on departments and returning them to a state level . 
  these alone are issues no other candidate is offering and are worth electing him for . 
  look at ron pauls voting record , he 's unarguably the most consistent candidate we have and so we know he 's not going to betray us on what he promises like obama did . 
  he has and will . 
  he needs all the support he can get , and he 's running for the american people not his own self interest . 
  hey america is n't it about time you actually voted for someone consistent ... you know that doctor fellow who 's stood for the same things for the past 30 years, 
  he 's finally losing his lead and by primary time he 'll have sunk even more . 
  he 's the next perry/bachmann/cain or as paul called him `` flavor of the month '' i honestly believe it 's going to be either paul or romney , and we can only hope it 's the former . 
  exactly , in fact what other candidate democratic or republican would have . 
  paul is the only one standing up for liberties, 
  obama has done better than mccain would have that 's for sure . 
  however , the bailout has only postponed the debt you need to realize that . 
  the longer you postpone dealing with the problem and liquidating the debt , the worse it gets .
