  i was wondering what he was sampling for a while but it hit me . 
  it 's from final fantasy 10, 
  fundies are against position a so we are for position a, 
  no true strawmen will appeal to emotion , ipso facto logicium qed . 
  yes i love my android device, 
  ... sniff . . 
  we will never be apart !!!, 
  omg , you too ? 
  we should both create overly lengthy reviews to give us page views for our blogs and submit them to / r/android, 
  this man is literally the next bradley manning . 
  his smugness will truly destroy conservatism once and for all, 
  `` i could shoot a school full of children dead , and still cause less harm to the world than believing in god or voting for romney '' - kaus3 . 
  never forget . 
  even in tunisia it has n't been that great really . 
  still a reasonably stable government compared to the other victims of the spring . 
  i do n't buy it either , if you 're a tourist you are n't going to have many issues . 
  however even pre revolution being a female tourist you would face harassment and there have been quite a few raped . 
  do n't go to america . 
  you get raped !, 
  it 's not the tourists that are getting raped, 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i suppose any site can take off if you have the seo and pay per click as you say . 
  i 'm just concerned that if i do buy the . net , it would still be hard to get site recognition . 
  also if it is popular someone is bound to snap up the . com and use that for page views . 
  it 's not really an issue if someone takes the . net when you have the . com , but it 's always the first instinct to type the . com which would take views away from my . net site . 
  i would just go for a different domain but as i said i have the perfect name . 
  i 'd probably be more annoyed if i did n't get this name to be honest . 
  i can always buy the . com later if it was successful . 
  i was just wondering if others had the same experience buying the . net and how they dealt with it . 
  100k is about right . 
  half of new zealand is over there at the moment working . 
  i was under the impression that university was n't that expensive in sweden . 
  i 'd suggest getting a degree first . 
  that 's fine and dandy , and i think he was misunderstood . 
  but as a major face of the atheism movement he should be promoting dialogue with religious leaders and not advocating stupid memes that / r/atheism creates . 
  christchurch , new zealand, 
  haha same ... minus being born in canada, 
  it 's a great country but you need to be skilled to immigrate really . 
  there are working visas available though . 
  / r/newzealand has some resources , but they make fun of noobie questions be warned . 
  can you send me some limoncello signore ? 
  nobody follows reddiquette anymore . 
  i do n't agree with you digifork but i gave you upvotes since you 're contributing to the discussion . 
  downvoters do n't seem to be doing that . 
  i think the greatest one is that you need to be a biblical literalist to be a christian . 
  non believing friends all thought i believed genesis to be completely literal , when there were theologians that saw it as metaphorical since the early church days . 
  also the same with hell being a place of fire and brimstone etc. 
  it 's a real shame you came to christchurch after the earthquakes . 
  we had one of , if not the nicest city centres in the country . 
  hey they gave you that flair as well . 
  lucky you . 
  #### the bravery . 
  the sweet bravery , like the dew on my neckbeard . 
  i am euphoric and it 's all because of you brave sceintist . 
  he does n't even have an account anymore . 
  nice job misconstruing just about everything i wrote . 
  it 's understandable that a leader of the atheist movement would defend the webs biggest atheist forum . 
  it 's not understandable that he would defend the worst content that comes out of there ; namely attacking peoples religious beliefs , rigging polls , memes and disgusting images like muhammed defecating . 
  that does n't help advance the cause of his movement at all . 
  how do you think an average member of the public reacts to an important atheist figurehead supporting attacks on peoples faith and encouraging people posting memes , otherwise known as the intellectually devoid image jokes their 15 year old children post on their facebook walls ? 
  or encouraging users to mass rig polls in their favour . 
  it does n't give any legitimacy to new atheism and really detracts from whatever positives he 's trying to promote . 
  skilled as in having a degree and being specialized in something . 
  there 's a lot of labor/trade work going on in christchurch at the moment if you 're in that field . 
  many people come on a working holiday visa though and then can possibly be sponsered if they 're skilled . 
  are you from the states ? 
  i think your reasoning is probably right . 
  i was meaning moderately successful , till i have the funding to purchase it . 
  i 've really tried looking for different names but i 'm not having much luck . 
  thanks for the advice though . 
  if the site is already being used will that hold up legally ? 
  i would understand it if they already parked a domain when i had already trademarked the name , but i have n't . 
  that 's not bad advice on the second part . 
  i think once i 'd built the brand recognition up though it would be hard to change . 
  i love classics , i did it in high school . 
  well as i say there are lots of trade jobs . 
  if you do mechanic or industrial welding there might be something . 
  have a look here http://www.immigration.govt.nz/ to see if you could fall under the skilled migrant category or the working holiday scheme . 
  also ask / r/newzealand . 
  i do n't know if you 're interested but australia 's booming more than we are now , but it might be hard to immigrate there . 
  at least we do n't get the spiders/snakes . 
  i did n't say i wanted to be mod, 
  ^ ^ ok ^ i ^ do, 
  indisputable logic my friend . 
  i emailed rachel maddow but she has n't responded for some reason . 
  i thought we were besties ? 
  crusade ? 
  crusade ? 
  it 's a truthsade you stupid fundie . 
  why am i not getting upvotes yet ? 
  chem labs ? 
  le stem labs ? 
  no we do the softer sciences round here . 
  make fun of your fundie parents and use it to gain karma . 
  that will be sufficient atonement for corrupting our vocabulary with dem fundie words . 
  you say that and yet in many nations in the middle east , converting to christianity is a death sentence . 
  especially somewhere like saudi arabia where there are officially no churches . 
  i think most of the people who would need assistance would n't have the luxury of visiting this forum . 
  i know you guys joke about being heretics but you really are a bunch of heretics . 
  panini did several of these paintings .
