  there were still the ratchet and clank games on ps3 . 
  epic mickey as well on wii, 
  they 're really good . 
  get the original trilogy for ps3, 
  and required drm and needing to buy a console controller to play it anyways . 
  go pc !!, 
  what if i told you ? 
  that the mods do n't actually give a shit . 
  i 'm so glad that reddit users have started to take a stand against fascist moderation . 
  i think the rebooted subs including / r/atheismrebooted , / r/circlebsrebooted and / r/newsrebooted should stand together proudly , knowing that the moment these mods try and mess with free speech , then it 's tantamount to the holocaust . 
  no , but i did hear he and / u/jij mod / r/circleprivate, 
  i read brave new world a few weeks ago . 
  the conversation between the `` savage '' and the world controller is some of the best literature i 've ever read . 
  wild swans was one of the best historical novels i 've ever written . 
  it 's amazing how well jung chang captured both her grandmother and her mothers experiences . 
  have you read her biography of mao as well ? 
  i read it right after reading wild swans , and it 's one of the best biographies i 've ever read . 
  most of the ea sports titles, 
  nokia drives ability to download an entire countries map for gps offline is the one thing i really envy from windows phone, 
  throwing in pro western and pro capitalist views with racism and homophobia ? 
  really ? 
  there 's a difference between capitalism and sweat shop labor . 
  capitalism means production and distribution are controlled privately . 
  this means that not only the starbucks and megacorporations exploiting labor overseas practice capitalism , the person selling handmade products or growing organic foods on their farm and selling them in the market are also practicing capitalism . 
  sweatshop labor is a product of capitalism , but it 's a product of a very ruthless variant of it . 
  the demand is driven by the consumer wanting cheaper goods and companies wanting more profits , however it 's ultimately the consumers choice . 
  there 's a reason why free range meat and fair trade products have become popular , the average consumer does n't want some poor person in pakistan starving to make their jeans . 
  the consumer is the person who was the choice what to purchase and whether they support buying the cheap t shirt from walmart or the ethically made one sold at a higher price . 
  capitalism needs restraints , but so does any other economic system . 
  the advantage of it is that it gives the consumer a choice how to spend their money . 
  as for the `` pro western views '' that 's such a vague statement i 'm not really sure what you mean by it . 
  it could be anything from american consumer culture , to western philosophy and democratic government . 
  i assume you mean the mcamerican consumer culture which preaches your value comes from what you own , which i agree is not a healthy view . 
  #### hey fundie . 
  why le fuck have you got a verse from your skydaddys book of fairytales as your flair ? 
  all atheists may not be gay people ,, 
  but all gay people are atheists . 
  why are you saying atheist three times in a row ? 
  i accept your struggle so long as it benefits me . 
  if not , fuck you and your friendzoning fashion choices . 
   ... theists are stupid ? 
  no matter what their creed , color or sexual preference we can always conclude that anyone believing in some mystical clouddaddy will be stupid . 
  in the words of esteemed scientist / u/feinberg we are the watchers who watch the watchmen . 
  how dare they downvote science . 
  what has / u/jij done to our homeland ? 
  if it 's anything to do with / r/factualfalcon then good fucking riddance . 
  holy shit 500k karma in a year . 
  and i thought i spent too much time on this site . 
  i 've started drinking green tea a lot . 
  i have a about two thermos flasks a day on average , so about 6 cups . 
  sure . 
  they 're created by users from 4chan 's / pol / group , who make threads encouraging vote brigading . 
  there 's proof of vote brigading in this post http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke2/comments/1lk2xe/if_youve_ever_wanted_to_see_a_4chan_raid_happen/, 
  also the content is all bigoted . 
  they consist of comics showing a `` progressive '' bird contrasted to a `` factual '' one ( which they use thesrs bird symbol for ) who cite statistics defending racism , homophobia , sexism and other 19th century values . 
  the main issue is vote brigading , which is completely banned on this site . 
  if i mass emailed people telling me to upvote posts in my sub and proof of the emails for out my sub would be banned . 
  the views are something i personally dislike , but even if it 's done on a different site the admins have no tolerance for vote brigades . 
  well yeah , it 's very cut and dry, 
  i 'd suggest being open and saying you used to visit those sites but know you 're trying to stop . 
  i 'm sure she 'd understand . 
  what if the girl is a lesbian and wearing the clothes to try and attract other girls ? 
  it 's not a healthy attitude to presume what clothes women wear is for attracting men , because the majority of the time it is n't . 
  no that 's / r/truegaming, 
  how often do you go on the board ? 
  every thread mentioning bioshock infinite has had crticism of the gameplay voted up high . 
  `` came here to say this '', 
  - oreography, 
  [ i 'm not such a fan of faking posts like this . 
  they come up with enough shit already on their own ] ( / ooc ), 
  nice job quoting a neonazi in your defense . 
  look at the archived / pol / thread in the comments that calls for it and downvoting any srs users . 
  mccreac you believe this stuff do n't you ? 
  i think by `` belong '' he meant is n't officially a card carrying member of australian labor yet, 
  truth has a labor bias !!, 
  yes , almost any australian can be a permanent resident and vice versa . 
  it 's the british/aussie useage use, 
  this is like 0.05 kilosagans as to the shit i 've seen on / r/atheism in the past . 
  still pretty brave but nowhere near nukethepope or feinberg level bravery . 
  do n't be deluded by these samshit heathens . 
  microsd is not the true aosp way !, 
  i 'm definitely going sony over samsung for my next upgrade . 
  waterproof/dustproof/smashproof , better camera specs + cool camera attachments . 
  i 'll probably get the next variation of this , ideally with a slightly bigger screen size . 
  you are kidding right ? 
  there 's a reason why they make seperate processors for phones . 
  they cover all the slots, 
  good to show off to people at the bar, 
  came here to say this, 
  i do n't think it 's profit . 
  they 're just pushing the cloud , and only want one storage partition . 
  when are nexstle going to release kitkat holos ? 
  i do n't mind them , but i think people are reluctant to do away with all hardware buttons . 
  also having a dedicated camera button is a good feature , i 'm glad sony took a lesson from nokia there . 
  hey dubshack , have you looked at putting the book on amazon . 
  i 'm creating a site soon for a friend of my mothers to self publish , and am planning on editing the book to go on amazon too ( the . mobi kindle files are pretty much html anyways ) and amzon have the biggest slice of the ebook pie . 
  i could maybe get round to doing a copy site of hers at, 
  the same time and edit your book for . mobi format . 
  i 'd suggest maybe changing the colour and main font on the cover . 
  the rest of it looks great , but the main font looks cheapish or just too stretched .
