  pirates are n't exactly the most generous people, 
  you should n't have to enter the game code twice , it 's tied to the account you registered the game on . 
  log on with your secondary email and password and it should work, 
  you realize that many artists only break even at the current rates ? 
  music just wo n't go that cheap , that 's a full album for 3 dollars you 're asking for . 
  i agree itunes should be a bit cheaper but that 's ridiculous, 
  very few games can be started without it . 
  and their offline mode sucks . 
  but like a good son you 'll pay the 100 grand back . 
  all is forgiven !, 
  what meal do you choose to accompany your unlimited breadsticks at olive garden with ? 
  really ? 
  if someone could teleport or fly without any device right now i `` m pretty sure you 'd attribute it to magic . 
  everybody downvote w_lothiananswer . 
  also sub to / r/fuckw _ lothiananswer because he 'll die for us to keep this going . 
  apparently a brazilian writer according to google . 
  it was used a lot in the film `` the best exotic marigold hotel '' which is where i remember it from . 
  what about small ones ? 
  that 's a great one . 
  there are a quite a few other quotes about being content but this one is nicely succinct . 
  is that spide erman ? 
  the german philosopher, 
  street spirit got me into radiohead . 
  it was probably the most unique sounding song i 'd ever heard played on a top 40 style music video show . 
  well the ps2 games are upscaled for hdtvs and you do n't need to worry about memory cards , wired controllers etc. 
  [ got ta be a troll . 
  too many references to msf ] ( / ooc ), 
  that 's weird . 
  you 're not on xp are you ? 
  i gave a friend a gfwl game and it was a nightmare getting it working on xp , but i 've never had bad experiences on 7 with it . 
  except you 're not subscribed to / r/niggers by default . 
  you can always tell these people have never been on / r/christianity before when they think they 're special snowflakes for being atheist there . 
  take comfort fellow logician . 
  the great scientists of the past who were cast out of the promised land of sweden returned thanks to the true words of sagan !, 
  so to shall we return one day to the mothership . 
  when the dark cloud of religious menace has lifted , we shall return home . 
  nay , thou art right . 
  the other archaic term is `` mohammedians '' i believe . 
  dae read ray comforts inspiring thesis on this subject `` god does n't believe in atheists '' . 
  i 'd say it reaches the same intellectual heights that this brilliant tract achieves . 
  that escaleted quickly, 
  we call that science in sweden, 
  yeah , there 's your problem . 
  how many artists do you think make a million in sales ? 
  it 's really on the top 40 pop artists and arena headlining rock bands that would sell a million songs . 
  let 's try $ 3 * 50,000 = $ 150,000 of which less than 20 % goes to the artist . 
  that 's 30,000 dollars tops . 
  no , atheism = lgbt . 
  fuck off fundie !, 
  [ that 's fantastic !, 
  really well done . 
  wtf ? 
  we 're being infiltrated by fundie liberal arts majors !!, 
  the piracy rate on android is ridiculous as well . 
  so does ios, 
  jim sterling often does a few reviews for shock value . 
  he gave ff13 a 0/10 i think , when it should have been minimum 5/6, 
  i believe the android rate is actually higher due to the small size of the apps and that pirated apps can download content from the same servers as legitimate apps . 
  its been way too long . 
  were n't the people that discovered the exploit working on their own though ? 
  android emulation is n't perfect . 
  try playing the same iso on the pc version and see if it works . 
  dae le science ? 
  ok right fucking now , cut the bullshit you little pig . 
  logically defend drug laws . 
  right now , you little ignorant shit . 
  i want an internally consistent defense that will hold up to my probing . 
  try smoking weed instead of a cute little cigarette , you insufferable bitch . 
  please provide a logical defense of drug laws . 
  the burden of proof is on the fascist pig imposing his way of life on others , so you have to explain incontrovertibly why drug laws are morally and practically acceptable . 
  ah sorry , i was thinking of his joke review for it http://www.destructoid.com/100-objective-review-final-fantasy-xiii-179178.phtml, 
  i still think 4/10 is pretty low though . 
  also 10/10 for deadly premonition , way too many bugs in that game for it to be a 10 . 
  i personally would call it inspiring . 
  what kind of christian are you if you deny god in the moment you need him most ? 
  it 's certainly not `` unforgivable '' as peter shows us , but it 's sinful . 
  and what guarantuee do you have that captors/oppressors would let you live anyways . 
  well duh , you were never an atheist because you went back to the religion of your parents !, 
  oh , you were raised non religious ? 
  oh well obviously you made an irrational choice to be religious . 
  if you really had accepted ~ ~ the holy spirit ~ ~ logic and ~ ~ were born again ~ ~ the power of reason then you would never have `` deconverted '', 
  look at this unconfirmed anecdote on an atheist board of a deconversion to see how all religious people just need to be ~ ~ preached to ~ ~ shown my arguments and then they 'll realise their beliefs are delusional !, 
  there 's a whole lot of slang words in any racial or low income related discussion . 
  the thing is though , if it becomes acceptable to `` shill '' for blogspam/spam sites and it 's not policed , other spammers will notice and start using reddit as a platform to generate ad revenue . 
  this is why i hate developers removing split screen multiplayer . 
  want to play your favourite multiplayer shooter again ? 
  too bad . 
  say what you like about cod but at least they keep local multiplayer in all the games . 
  are you referring to the ntsc 80 gig model ? 
  according to this list it would be bigger than 80 %, 
  i would buy the 600 dollar one ( obviously not new though , but i 'd buy it at some point if the one has good exclusives ), 
  should have got a backwards compat ps3, 
  one of the many times waiting for a newer hardware release makes sense . 
  i still do n't own a 360 , but if i do get one i 'd make sure to get the slim . 
  i think whats most likely is that versus will be the ps3s `` swan song '' and kh3 comes out a year or two later for ps4 . 
  you mean pretty shirty right ? 
  it would reduce the military down to less than a third of its numbers, 
  it sounded like you were mad at it which just made you look like you were overreacting, 
  reducing the us military , no ( but not down to a third of its size ) . 
  firing people because of their religious beliefs , yes .
