  yes . 
  every thread i 'll mention this . 
  it 's the only video game soundtrack i 've ever wanted to buy ... other than christopher tin 's album , which does n't really count . 
  look on the website , it 's not satire :(, 
  stop invading our board or you will be banned . 
  rest in space brave scientist . 
  fundies , you 're going to pay for what you 've done ;(, 
  it 's somewhere on / r/shitnukethepopesays, 
  ### and i thought we had ended slavery !, 
  generally though they release a radio edit for longer songs, 
  root beer just is n't popular where i am ( nz ) . 
  they sell it at imported foods/asian supermarkets but most people have ginger beer instead, 
  and coconut m & ms !, 
  and hot tamales !, 
  cinammon and cherry flavoured things seem to be lacking in nz , which is a shame . 
  whoever has billions of dollars to make an affordable global sattelite internet service , rural australia/anywhere would greatly appreciate it . 
  i was actually hoping to find the album version . 
  if you have n't buy/listen to franky knight , it 's my favourite french language album . 
  woo yeah , new zealand represent !, 
  i have n't listened to too much from 2013 but my absolute favourite is, 
  vampire weekend - modern vampires of the city . 
  flat out amazing album . 
  did n't think that much of yeezus or the next day to be honest , perhaps since they 've been so overhyped . 
  bowie definitely still has the voice though . 
  what would you say the best big chocolate brand in the us is ? 
  hersheys is meh and nestle is just average , any other big names i do n't know about ? 
  oh really ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i went on a p&o cruise a few years ago and was really impressed at the speeds of satellite internet , considering we were out in the middle of the pacific . 
  i looked at the commercial services though and the prices were ridiculous . 
  in addition to buying the expensive satellite router , you pay thousands of dollars per gigabyte !, 
  i would love for a decent commercial service even if it cost 2-3 times as much as normal unlimited . 
  i love this song . 
  their `` mine is yours '' album has some beautiful melodies , ca n't say i think much of their other albums though . 
  how is it that they continue to shove their stone age bullshit down our throats and expect us to take it as courtesy ? 
  saying `` god bless you '' is literally oppressing every free thinker out there , and they expect us to go along with it ? 
  ## this is how the holocaust started !!, 
  i do n't think it really matters . 
  if you need to be mobile go for an ultrabook like the apple macbook air or any windows one . 
  there are windows laptops that offer good battery life too and are cheaper , but you should know whether you want osx or not . 
  bear in mind that the new haswell processors for laptops are coming out towards the end of the year which will give far better battery life , so i 'd hold out buying a new laptop until they come out . 
  the worse thing is them putting `` suggested pages '' in the sidebar on android . 
  i got one for a dawn of the dragons game , it shows up in my sidebar where chat/friends etc are accessible and i never clicked the add !, 
  that 's just going too far , do n't put ads in the navigation sidebar . 
  you 're joking right ? 
  there 's way too much color contrast . 
  stick with the white + blue for most of the page , having six or so different colored divs as you scroll down almost gives me a headache . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i thought if it was still in the html5 markup then it would still be valid . 
  aww downvotes , guess it 's not your cakeday . 
  certainly not true in the uk . 
  until xp is dumped there 's still ie8 to contend with . 
  should only be another year or two when xp is no longer officially supported and businesses make the upgrade . 
  vista ? 
  it can go up to the latest ies ca n't it ? 
  hey , as another non egyptian do n't blame the average egyptian . 
  morsi only won by such a slim margin and his opponent was in the mubarak regime . 
  it 's now they realize how bad the brotherhood are and want proper change . 
  you can be sure next election that the majority of egyptians are going to be voting for a secular president . 
  to further clarify democracy is only acceptable if the leader actually abides by the law . 
  morsi 's new constitution was anything but `` democratic '', 
  might want to check your tinfoil hat there . 
  right , but when businesses make the upgrade to 7 once xp support is gone ( or 8 if disabling the start menu ) they would get the latest updates and upgrade ie at the same time so they 'll be up to 11 ( probably the last version on 7 ), 
  so humble !, 
  dae a inner film critic ? 
  `` on the internet , where you ca n't touch our bodies , harming our voices is tantamount to slitting our throats '', 
  good show . 
  i watched half of it before , purple yellow red and blue is so catchy !, 
  their new album is n't as good as the last though . 
  generally theocratic law is based on the laws outdated in religious texts . 
  for islam it is the quaran and hadith 's - sayings supposedly said by muhammed . 
  it 's such a poor form of government because even if one is a muslim you can still be charged with `` blasphemy '' . 
  as you said it is largely about control , but since the laws are `` holy '' clerics still insist on instituting them , even when the average follower of the religion can see they 're flawed . 
  however it 's usually not atheists that are persecuted ( since as you say they largely keep silent ) but other religious minorities who feel an obligation to speak out . 
  no , he has absolutely no significance in judaism . 
  in islam he is an incredibly important prophet though , and also in mormonism , bahaii or any other religion that takes inspiration from the new testament . 
  do n't forget bahai either, 
  catholic 1000 years ago maybe ... 
  if you 're going to mention catholics then your standards of `` twisting the word of god '' is pretty low, 
  fag is still actually quite common slang for cigarette , at least in new zealand . 
  however the word clearly has multiple meanings now , one very hurtful . 
  my jefferson bible calls it ` the ______ ', 
  can you elaborate as to what your point is exactly ? 
  it seems to me you 're just highlighting verses at random . 
  i do n't think it will be much bigger . 
  since they only jumped 0.2 inches with the s3 and went from 5.3-5 .5 inches between note 1 and note 2 i think it will be 5.7-5 .8 inches , barely any bigger . 
  i want to get my hands on a xperia z ultra ( 6.4 inch ! ), 
  to see how it compares, 
  i like the look of the z u too . 
  i wish it had a flash though and came with a tiny stylus . 
  you 've got a better phone than most people . 
  it will be good for the next few years . 
  my og note is approaching 2 years old and i can run every app/game fine . 
  does anyone actually want google glass ? 
  it looks ridiculous and is just an opportunity to give google more and more data to mine . 
  well the good thing about it is that you can apparently use any pen/pencil on it , but it would be nice to have one bundled . 
  sony 's power management software is really good so i 'm not too worried about battery . 
  supposedly their camera can take low light photos without flash like the lumia 920 , but having the flash would be nice . 
  i do n't actually use it that much though , it 's not a dealbreaker . 
  this ca n't be true .
