  get out of here skytheist ... unless you 're impersonating one to advance the cause of logic !, 
  nukethepope is the only user that has been convinced the contents he 's posted on reddit need preserving in his very own blog . 
  any post that gets enough upvotes seems to go there , it 's like his personal trophy case of r/atheism . 
  it 's sad that he honestly believes his self righteous posts are actually making the world a better place . 
  twilight princess was fantastic but the consensus is play the gamecube version . 
  i played it from start to finish on gamecube and then later tried playing the wii version and just could n't finish it . 
  try the gamecube version if you want to give it another go . 
  it 's probably one of my alltime favourite games, 
  worked for me !, 
  thanks very much i 'll be getting the press and the herald in the morning, 
  but where are the queues ? 
  first i would destroy all friend zoning girls ( that 's all of them amirite ) , then i would obliterate all console peasant gamers , then every religious person will be burnt to death ( not just christians , we ca n't discriminate guys ) and then finally anyone left who disagrees with me on anything . 
  the jews did it !!, 
  ban the fucking traitors !, 
  these theists will not go unpunished . 
  look how pathetic they are trying to imitate us . 
  we produce intellectual art , not their pathetic content . 
  i just read some bullshit ` strong then kill ' story they were throwing around . 
  none of us are that stupid trolls , try again . 
  neck , then beard . 
  mountain , then dew . 
  christians , then hitler !, 
  this is pretty pathetic really . 
  should n't we be pleased that churches are making progress ? 
  this board lambasts them when they take a biblical literalists approach but when they do change for the better you throw up a tantrum theat they 're not true ~ ~ scotsman ~ ~ christians . 
  even if they started giving blowjobs to atheists you guys would n't be happy . 
  he 's literally the continuation of the priesthood, 
  are you actually sincere or joking ? 
  you claim the audacity to speak for the most powerful being in the universe ? 
  please show me where in scripture you can back your claim up . 
  i 'm gay and atheist . 
  one 's not good enough , you need to double your oppression . 
  did i mention i was oppressed yet ? 
  i do n't think all people that claim to be `` gay '' were born that way ... key word is all, 
  i think new atheism is turning into everything it rallies against, 
  i am against the european parliament, 
  we could have had it all, 
  rolling in a neck beard, 
  you had my mountain dew, 
  but you got shot by , the fundie , police, 
  ** edit : ron paul !, 
  i think its been done before , but they always get berated for being ` moderate ' and not following levitical law . 
  good lord , im alergic to goose down you nasty poo poo head . 
  why would you mention geese when im clearly traumatized by them . 
  i vote we get the mods to ban this user for the emotional distress he 's caused, 
  special ableist cis gendered snowflake musings on being benned . 
  the story has gotten very complicated recently . 
  2 would have been hard to understand if you have n't played chain of memories . 
  there 's a 3d ps2 remake of that , though the gameplay is very different . 
  i would recommend getting a cfw psp because birth by sleep is the first kingdom hearts game , has great gameplay ( many say the best ) and is just a fantastic game . 
  it is also very important story wise . 
  you could also get a rom + gba emulator to put on you psp to play the gba chain of memories version . 
  the new one coming out on 3ds looks reasonably important story wise , and i believe will be the last spin off before kingdom hearts 3d . 
  i enjoyed 358/2 days and is worth playing if you get a 3ds for dream drop distance , the only important part of coded is the final cutscene . 
  psp has some really good games as well . 
  if you can get custom firmware on it you can rip your own umds to the memory stick + play emulators/old ps1 games . 
  i played ff7 on my psp , pokemon emerald , + there 's a ton of games here http://vsrecommendedgames.wikia.com/wiki/psp, 
  been majestic, 
  i like to shove potatoes up my anus . 
  i have a note and adore it . 
  unfortunately i have n't had time with a the s3 though it does look amazing , but have used the s2 several times . 
  the note is my first smartphone and i went from an old nokia . 
  i hardly ever carried my phone around , but now i essentially have a tablet in my pocket and a phone so i carry it everywhere . 
  to be honest the s3 looks about the perfect size for a phone screen to me . 
  this is if you are using it largely as a phone . 
  you ca n't use the note one handed , practically anyways . 
  you can stetch your fingers over the keyboard but it 's unconfortable . 
  i also do n't like the battery on my note . 
  i 've heard people praise it for its battery but my experience has n't been great . 
  it gets through a full day ( 14 hours ) but no more . 
  this is with the brightness turned down . 
  if i had the brightness on full it would drain much faster . 
  the main things i love about the note that give it an advantage over other phones are web browsing - it has the highest screen resolution of any phone on the market ( galaxy s3 slightly smaller , but not by much ) so you can easily browse non mobile sites without needing an app ( e.g reddit ) for facebook and hotmail i use apps since it 's more convenient , but most sites you simply need a web browser . 
  even saying that , it is still quite easy to use both of them ( on dolphin browser anyways ) . 
  i set dolphin in desktop mode so i never get mobile sites . 
  i usually hate virtual keyboards but it really is n't a problem on the note . 
  swype is a great program that makes typing much easier , but even if i want to type normally , flip it over to landscape mode and it 's doable . 
  if you want some perspective i saw a photo showing the note 's portrait keyboard is about as wide as the iphones keyboard in landscape mode !, 
  i love being able to read pdfs properly on my phone . 
  i can chuck magazines i torrent , class textbooks , recipe books you name it . 
  i 'll probably get a case with a built in stand soon to make using it while cooking easier . 
  now i know you can put all the emulators on most phones , but they shine on the note . 
  using the virtual keypad is absolutely fine for gba , snes , sega etc. 
  for ps1 and n64 it gets a bit ridiculous though . 
  what is ideal is hooking up the note to your tv ( mhl-hdmi ) and playing metal gear solid or ocarina of time with a bluetooth ps3 controller . 
  the other thing i love is watching movies . 
  they really shine on the screen . 
  anything smaller would be a bit ridiculous , but they really are watchable on the note . 
  with mxplayer you can torrent whatever film you want , shove it straight on and it plays . 
  the s pen is hardly a ` game changer ' but it is very cool . 
  the phone comes with the 's choice ' portal which gives you optimized apps for the pen and some are n't bad . 
  the bundled s memo i seldom use to be honest , though it is nice . 
  what is much better is colors !, 
  note , a proper artist app . 
  you can do proper shadowing with it since it 's a wacom and holding down the button takes editable screen shots , which is cool if you want to share you playing n64 on your phone over facebook , or drawing a route over google maps to send to your friends . 
  another really good app is papyrus which is optimized for handwriting . 
  there 's more or less zero lag with it . 
  i still just use a text notebook program to quickly type ideas/notes with swype , but handwriting is coming a long way . 
  it looks like there will be more good pen optimized apps coming in the future since samsung 's throwing money at devs with the note tablet and note 2 further on the horizon . 
  even though half an inch difference + slightly smaller resolution is n't much , i would n't want to go any smaller or any bigger .
