  20/20 escaping isis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjiafk61npe, 
  have you made mango lassi before ? 
  it uses mango nectar , but if you want to use fresh mango would n't making your own homemade nectar or puree be a workable solution for turning it into ice cream ? 
  because obviously there are far fewer christians killing the non believers today . 
  and as others have commented , because the old testament legal codes were always only ever reserved for jews and were written in that context . 
  the new testament supercedes the old with the more pacifistic and definitely more humanistic teachings of jesus , who encourages loving your neighbour rather than stoning them . 
  essentially because no major christian denomination has ever said that the jewish laws of the old testament have to be followed by christians . 
  godly does n't literally mean you 're a god . 
  it means you 're pious . 
  who gives a toss if people disrespect the religion ? 
  that 's completely subjective and islam is n't some protected class of ideas . 
  i ca n't believe the press gave this guy publicity . 
  even someone who took their first web des course could come up with better css . 
  he does n't even have a background or buttons for his headers . 
  looks like some dreamweaver template from 10 years ago . 
  i think as others have noted , the whole setup looks to be a scam . 
  how have they got profiles that are seven years old ? 
  i 've noticed a lot of former soviet subjects can have pro nazi or pro fascist tendencies . 
  finland in particular , since they fought off soviet regiments . 
  i 've seen estonians online use nazi imagery as well . 
  it 's so strange when slavic peoples do it though , considering hitler had a plan to genocide most of them . 
  as others have said invercargill really does n't have a great reputation here . 
  there 's nothing particularly wrong with the city per se , it 's just that it 's incredibly boring and small . 
  it comes across as someone from auckland asking / r/australia that they dream of moving to wagga wagga . 
  we 're generous in what we call a city here . 
  invercargil can really be seen as a big country town . 
  i 've been probably ten times or so over the years , since my father was born there and i still have quite a few relatives living there . 
  it 's very `` white '' too , which is neither a good thing nor a bad thing but i will say the locals are very friendly . 
  - cheap housing . 
  probably cheaper than any other city in new zealand . 
  low cost of living for most things in general, 
  - friendly people . 
  it 's due to the small town vibe . 
  - easy to drive in . 
  literally the widest roads in the country . 
  you would have to be mentally incapicated to not be able to drive here . 
  - close to milford sound , stewart island , the catlins , queenstown etc and some nice attractions, 
  - free tertiary education at sit, 
  - low crime, 
  cons, 
  - none of the creature comforts of a big city . 
  the arts scene will be nonexistant . 
  none of the clothes stores you like will be there . 
  invercargillites likely all buy their good stuff in dunedin where brand stores actually exist . 
  some of this is less relevant now with online shopping , but you will find a lot of stuff you 're used to in melbourne is n't here . 
  really crap food scene too since it 's lacking the ethnic population, 
  - i.t sector will be tiny . 
  probably the biggest con for you . 
  unless you want to work in a small local web design company or something , there wo n't be many jobs, 
  - far away from australia . 
  unlike wellington , christchurch or auckland you wo n't be able to get a direct flight to melbourne . 
  i think you can in queenstown or dunedin though . 
  my favourite city in the south island is nelson , where it 's the warmest in the island . 
  the city is small and apparently has around the same population as invercargill , but it has beaches a nicer town centre , an arts scene and is just a better place overall . 
  really the biggest flaw in your plan is that i do n't think there will be many i.t jobs there for you . 
  most are in auckland and wellington , even christchurch has a small i.t sector . 
  come on over for a holiday and go to auckland and wellington if you have n't , but check out invercargill , dunedin and nelson too . 
  i think you 'll find you 'll be a bit disillusioned with invercargill . 
  if you 're wanting to raise a family though , it probably is one of the best places on earth . 
  edit : i think snow only occurs every couple of winters . 
  in christchurch it 's that case anyways . 
  the only places that always get snow in winter are smaller mountain towns in the south island . 
  i still would n't encourage foreigners to move here . 
  we 're still a few years away from being back to how life used to be . 
  none of the big city centre projects are done . 
  the other disadvantage for me personally is that it 's so hilly . 
  because even thugh he 's exaggerating they do have the bulk of the jobs . 
  cause and effect ? 
  that 's great to hear that you have a positive attitude about the whole thing . 
  i 'm sure if someone came with a job lined up things would be okay , but our i.t sector here is n't that strong . 
  much better than anywhere else in the south island though . 
  still there 's roadworks and building noise going on nearly five years later . 
  once they disappear it will be eminently more liveable . 
  it 's so bland as well . 
  just about any other fish tastes better . 
  i 'm not the only that noticed them then . 
  particularly during the umbrella revolution / r/worldnews was packed with them . 
  other than the mass downvoting there was always `` whataboutism '' involved and pointing to the us 's failures in democracy to silence criticism . 
  the biggest thing in china is the number of soe 's . 
  far more than any western government . 
  that and no permanent ownership of land is the biggest difference between it and any `` socialist '' social democracy . 
  are you really surprised that the people that segregate their faces would also segregate themselves ? 
  they 're almost all in muslim faith schools . 
  it 's not a requirement in islam . 
  they can wear the hijab and have their faces visible like every other citizen of the uk . 
  the icac in hong kong was and is very effective when it came to rooting out corruption in the police force . 
  the uk should follow its example ... since a british government set it up . 
  what sort of moronic argument is that ? 
  of course many of the values of 1800s british society are incompatible with the values of the 21st century . 
  society changes , i do n't think this is news to anyone . 
  however the rights that we have were birthed endogenously over time and not transplanted from pakistan , as is the case for the cultural practices within their communities . 
  it 's useless to say `` well muslim countries were quite progressive compared to us in the 1200s '' . 
  what matters is here and now , and the islamic communities in the west have some catching up to do . 
  thanks i 'll try that, 
  yes , of the second ( and more well known ) british empire . 
  the first british empire in the new world was not as successful . 
  the one in asia , the middle east , oceania and africa ( the second british empire ) is the most well known one . 
  americans like to think that they beat britain at the height of its power/imperial reign , but nothing could be further from the truth . 
  it does make for a good founding mythology though . 
  i 'll make it simple .
