  it seems there are some conflicting claims to the story , so who knows . 
  but washing the dishes is n't an academic activity , and unless he was in a cooking class it would be out of place . 
  the policy of most schools is that it should be something related to academic work e.g reading quietly in the library . 
  except that `` the sky is blue '' is an empirically proven statement , whereas the other is your own bigoted opinion , which has no weight at all . 
  you can dislike something without calling it `` retarded '' . 
  that is bigoted language , regardless of the validity of the topic . 
  `` got ta catch em all '' - ahahaha this can not be serious . 
  there 's never been a more obvious allusion from that sewage deposit before , that women are merely property just like animals . 
  israel was never a british colony . 
  the palestinian mandate , comprising most of the territory of modern israel was for 28 years but that existed before the state itself . 
  `` palestine '' was part of ottoman syria and it was only under british rule after the end of the ottoman empire that it was governed as a separate territory . 
  i 'd say there 's far greater english influence from america , due to the popularity of american media and as the two countries are allies , with american jews visiting under the birthright policy . 
  the `` u wot m8 '' meme is reference to the lower class geordie or newcastle accent in northern england . 
  the majority of british people do n't speak like it , even finding the accent funny themselves . 
  oh , sorry you feel that way ... 
  this is the greatest news i 've ever heard . 
  god save the queen . 
  uploaded by a channel called `` 911isafraud '', 
  pls live post your oppression on a reddit live thread . 
  i will donate bitcoins if it 's fabricated enough to agree with my biases . 
  i would n't suggest an android or apple tablet . 
  a windows tablet like the surface pro may be worth getting though , since it can run all windows programs . 
  most maori communities embraced christianity as well though . 
  you 're severely misinformed . 
  creationism of any sort is forbidden in public schools , and there have been many law suits in school districts that have tried to institute it . 
  your link mentioned `` charter schools '' teaching creationism , which while may be part publically funded are not public schools themselves , so no that 's not correct . 
  the guy in / r/atheism is incorrect about the hitler quote being more reasonable . 
  this was the thread http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/qy1pv/richard_dawkins_tells_it_like_it_is, 
  to anyone wondering , the internet party is not going to get a large number of votes in the upcoming new zealand election . 
  the green party is the most popular choice among younger voters and actually have some well formed policies , though it 's looking like the current party in charge , national , will win the election . 
  how about the 1.3 million muslims living there ? 
  you want me to name all 1.3 million muslims in israel ? 
  have you taken your medication lately ? 
  he funds the party but ca n't be a mp , as he is n't a citizen . 
  he 's asking for 1.3 million now ... 
  yeah i 've given up reasoning with you, 
  there is this http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0430431/ with peter o toole which is supposedly okay . 
  ### quality post m ` comrade, 
  no chrohns , as in the bowel disease http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crohn%27s_disease, 
  and considering half the game is cutscenes already, 
  the username in the thread, 
  looks like it ate england, 
  i love the guys `` reddit converted theist '' flair, 
  those poor vilified nazis . 
  it 's probably true , a lot of politics is personality now . 
  but cunliffe is their representative and so is how people see the party . 
  he is the person that needs to voice their policies and importantly show leadership , a quality that he does n't seem to have with all the recent gaffes . 
  i certainly think the media has been criticizing him a little unfairly . 
  there was no opposition to keys 10 day holiday in hawaii the same time as cunliffe 's 3 day one in queenstown.http : / / www.3news.co.nz/david-cunliffe-owns-up-to-getting-it-wrong/tabid/1607/articleid/353733/default.aspx, 
  right so posting it as a hypothesis for catholics is pretty useless then ... 
  there is so much power in our clicks, 
  no , it was william wallaces great southern expedition . 
  i ca n't believe you 've never heard of it . 
  it should n't be, 
  this is my favourite one . 
  i can not believe someone wrote that seriously , especially the ever condescending title of `` mr atheist '', 
  has anyone got that big dairy stopped the kush copypasta ? 
  really interesting story man , thanks for sharing . 
  are you not ready to rpg ? 
  give it 20 years maybe, 
  is it really shocking ? 
  the only prominent australian aborigine i know was the athlete that won gold in sydney . 
  i highly recommend the australian series `` first australians '' for the history surrounding the colonization of australia . 
  some of what happened is just horrifying . 
  you should n't have a problem with an `` all white cast '' , many movies have them as well . 
  the problem is whether or not they 've been deliberately excluding equally skilled coloured people , which i 'm sure was the case with neighbours until recently . 
  it 's a bit like that joke about kenyan athletes , they 're good at running because they want to run out of kenya as fast as possible . 
  ugh , yeah the default subs have a lot of racists . 
  one question i guess is what 's the mainland perception of hong kong/xiangang . 
  as someone planning on moving there , there seems a lot of anti mainland sentiment . 
  you mean all intelligent life, 
  [ ] ( / checkmate ), 
  the good translation should n't be a surprise , since the pc ports were ports of the psp titles they localized . 
  what a nice guy ^ tm, 
  what version did you read ? 
  if it 's kjv sure , it was written over 400 years ago . 
  esv is a good choice written in more modern english and there 's a free app for it on your phone/tablet too . 
  yeah i once planned on reading all of wikipedia myself , did n't really go according to plan . 
  it 's a good idea to at least read the gospels since our culture and literature has so many biblical references . 
  i think this meme , like most of them , has no appeal . 
  taiwan province , peoples republic of chinar !, 
  mainland chinese . 
  downvoted for feigning ignorance and insulting hong kongers more likely . 
  that may be true and certainly candidates campaign on populist policies , but the usa does not have a direct democracy like switzerland , where politicians need to bow to the people in charge . 
  while the us does have a lot of problems , most policies other than the most popular ones are n't the direct wishes of the people and are more about preserving the us 's and us businesses interests . 
  there 's a lot of gridlock in the us government , but its not from bowing to the whims of the populace . 
  in new zealand we have a different electoral system called mmp , which unlike the american and uk systems , allows more minor parties in parliament . 
  we have two clear major parties , but there are another 5 or 6 minor parties in parliament as well . 
  i personally feel this is a better democratic system than the us has . 
  you talk about new nations but i doubt that 's the case . 
  china has been unified for millenia , and other than tibet or xiangang ( hong kong , macau and taiwan are obviously separate entities ) i do n't think there would be a divided china . 
  this whole thread is pure speculation though . 
  why you no ai guo ? 
  if you were only to play the game for the story ( since levelling is so easy ) how long do you think it would take ? 
  i 'm not surprised that this is happening as these tools become more advanced . 
  the most impressive title i 've seen from a game maker tool is to the moon , which was made entirely in rpg maker . 
  oh wow , that was done in game maker ? 
  that 's incredibly impressive . 
  technically perhaps no , but it was incredibly polished . 
  the soundtrack , pixel art and story was all to a very high quality .
