  anyone using multiman on ps3 will know that it 's a lot easier if you have a fat32 drive . 
  all wii games can be converted into wbfs and played off a fat32 drive . 
  multiman on ps3 can recognize ntfs drives , but the process of doing so takes extra effort . 
  it 's true that wii games can quite easily be loaded off ntfs drives , but in order to use diosmios to play gamecube backups , you need to have the hard drive in fat32 format . 
  thus , it 's probably best to just format the drive to fat32 . 
  i messed around with easeus partition master , and it is a good program especially for creating multiple partitions . 
  however for creating a fat32 drive , the easiest program is [ wii backup manager ] ( http://www.wiibackupmanager.co.uk/downloads.html ) . 
  you can download the latest build from that link . 
  this is a great tool for organizing wii games and most people who have wii backups use it , but it will also be good for formatting the drive for ps3 and 360 backups, 
  1 - open wii backup manger, 
  2 - select tools - format drives, 
  3 - select the drive letter , select fat32 and set cluster size to 32kb, 
  4 - the drive will be formatted for use on ps3 + wii . + 360, 
  i 'm not going to write up about what folders you need for multiman , but obviously you should created a ` games ' folder for ps3 games . 
  360 is another story altogether but the drive needs to be in fat32 and thanks to wii backup manager , now is , 
  fuck the corporations and light the spark !, 
  \\ #justproquotemakerthings, 
  i 'd love to have an ama from kai wong . 
  for those who do n't know he 's the main reviewer on digital rev tv , youtube 's biggest photography channel . 
  for a fake accent yours is pretty remarkable . 
  have you been to the uk at all ? 
  do you think english is in decline in hong kong ? 
  how big is the hong kong photography scene ? 
  what are your thoughts on the increasing number of mainland chinese in hong kong ? 
  what 's your favourite general purpose canon lens ? 
  what are some of your favourite flickr accounts/photographers to follow ? 
  contact : https://twitter.com/kaimanwong, 
  i will just preface this by saying i am in fact 17 years old , i am white , and i do live in new zealand . 
  do i think my problems are worse than that of the people in ethiopia ? 
  yes , yes i do . 
  i can explain to you in detail . 
  i am being spied on constantly . 
  they watch what i do , they destroyed my megaupload subscription , and they probably snicker at the things i watch , and you act like you know oppression ? 
  those ethiopians get hurt , sure , but the time is going to come when the new zealand government will arrest me simply for not agreeing with them . 
  where men and women will not have their say any where . 
  and for now , we have to pay a tax for maoris who live off welfare ( lazy bastards ) who wo n't do anything with it and will only buy drugs and beer , even winston would find this shit unbelievable . 
  you act smug to people like me , but you do n't even know the half of it . 
  so fuck you john key . 
  i 'm voting for gareth . 
  i know i 'm a couple months early but i thought you all need a reminder . 
  witch constumes = satan, 
  hello all . 
  i came across this post from what is certainly not the most unbiased of sources ; a blog advocating hong kong independance , posted in the wake of margaret thatchers death last year . 
  it makes some interesting claims about the history of the territory and i wonder if any of them have historical truth ? 
  1 - the people living in the hong kong area helped supply sir charles elliot , the commander of forces fighting the qin dynasty ( later the first governor of the colony ) who in turn campaigned for hong kong to become a colony , partially out of support for protecting the locals who assisted him . 
  2 - china demanded hong kong and macau to be removed off the list of colonies before resolution 2908 was passed at the united nations , which the united kingdom had `` no choice '' to accept . 
  if this was not the case then the territories should have had a referendum on independence and the hong kong independance movement therefore has legitimacy . 
  the post in question http://freehongkong.wordpress.com/2013/04/10/margaret-thatchers-death/, 
  the history of the worlds first religion . 
  imagine you are a h-g ( hunter-gatherer ) in a tribe of h-g 's . 
  most h-g 's wander the landscape hoping to stumble upon a group of wild animals that they may then kill for food instead of eating that bland grass . 
  well you , being a bit more observant then the others notice marks on the ground ( animal tracks ) . 
  you soon learn that if you kneel down and examine these tracks closely you can determine what kind of animal made them , if there were more than one animal , the size of the animal , how long they have been there and which direction they are headed . 
  you even learn that if you put your ear to the ground you might just hear the thundering of their hooves . 
  pretty soon you are the most successful hunter in the group . 
  your family is getting fat while others are just getting by . 
  you have a distinct advantage that the others lack . 
  everyone else wants to know the secrets to your success , but you know if you tell them about what you have discovered you no longer have an advantage over them . 
  well , one day while you 're kneeling down examining some tracks other h-g 's see you doing this and demand to know what you 're doing . 
  not wanting to give away your secret and knowing that your tribe is superstitious as hell you make up some story about the `` spirits '' talking to you and helping you because the `` spirits '' think you are special and have decided to help you . 
  the reason why you are kneeling down is to show respect to the spirits so they will favor you . 
  throw in some ritual genuflections and `` ooga booga 's '' and it all makes sense to the other h-g 's . 
  it must be true , because after all , you are the most successful hunter the tribe has ever seen . 
  you and your family have more of that yummy delicious meat that everyone prefers over the garden variety grasses that everyone else eats when they ca n't kill an animal . 
  pretty soon you have so much meat that you and your family can afford to eat only the best parts of the animal and the other members of your tribe are coming to you and offering you all sorts of things in trade for the leftover scraps you do n't really care for . 
  you pick and choose from the finest fruits and tastiest veggies they offer you . 
  you are now the most popular member of the tribe . 
  everyone in now kissing your ass and you get the best cave on the block for you and your family to live in . 
  the whole tribe looks up to you and is waiting with baited breath to hear what words of wisdom you may impart upon them . 
  every time you step out of your cave you got women hiking their leopard skins up and offering you some coochie if you toss them a rack of ribs . 
  pretty soon you got so many people sucking up to you you hardly got any time to do any hunting and with people following you around all of the time they may discover how really easy it is to track those animals . 
  if that happens , then you 're no better than the rest of the poor schlubs . 
  you 'll be back to competing with everyone else . 
  being the conniving bastard that you are you decide to have some fun and make things seem even more mysterious so it is harder for the masses to figure out what the real key to your success is . 
  so you put up some window dressing and create some elaborate rituals that really do n't do shit , but hey , the crowd loves them so why not ? 
  and if it keeps them from stumbling upon how you really do things it 's all worth it . 
  who could resist being the most popular guy in the tribe ? 
  then you get an idea . 
  so you look around and pick out a few of the best ass kissers following you around . 
  one night you throw a party just for you and the speshul dudes and you fill them full of meat and bullshit . 
  feed them some of that grain from the back of the cave that you hardly eat anymore and it 's started to ferment . 
  lend them a few of your girls for the night to rock their worlds and they are hooked . 
  you blow some smoke up their ass about how the gods told you they are speshul and they eat that shit up . 
  after all , who does n't want to think they are speshul and get all the meat and chicks they can handle ? 
  so you swear them to secrecy and promise them you will teach them the secret to your success if they promise to never tell anyone else . 
  teach them some rituals that are half bullshit and half truth so they do n't know which is which . 
  something like ; `` spin in a circle 3 times while uttering ooga booga and then drop to your knee 's and stare at the ground and the animal tracks will appear . '', 
  if no tracks , then move 20 paces in the direction of the sun and try again until the tracks do appear . 
  so now you got your posse and they are doing all of the hunting and giving you the best parts of the meat because you 're such a great guy . 
  after all you were the only one who recognized just how speshul they really are . 
  you taught them so much . 
  you gave them spears and clubs that you said were blessed by the gods so they would be better hunters . 
  and that ai n't no bullshit cause they got speshul markings on them that say they are speshul . 
  you and your posse went and kicked other families out of their caves so your speshul posse could have caves almost as nice as yours . 
  you gave them some pretty fine women , when you had too many women , almost as fine as your women . 
  life is great . 
  who would be crazy enough to screw that up ? 
  anyone who can do all of that must have a direct line to the gods . 
  after all you did tell them that you got a direct line to the gods so it must be true . 
  the speshul marks on the clubs and spears are proof of it .
