  i thought it was just vodafone . 
  also is that a 1020 there ? 
  pandora 's working fine for me , it should work on any browser . 
  yeah res is a bummer . 
  i still prefer firefox , but the new versions of ie are pretty fast . 
  i find that pretty hard to believe . 
  even if just dealing with ie8 you 'll encounter more issues than any version of firefox gave you . 
  i 'm not such a fan of the development cycle either though . 
  really ? 
  i 'm a junior web designer at the moment but firefox supports @font - face completely now . 
  i never had an issue with it , i 'm guessing this was back when you needed the vendor prefixes though . 
  i guess everyone has a different experience , but going by support alone you should have been having more issues with ie8 . 
  ah cool , they 're impressive speeds . 
  i 'm 2 degrees though and just on their half gig prepaid plan , so i doubt i 'll be getting 4g anytime soon . 
  honestly though our data support is a joke . 
  in sri lanka i paid $ 30 for 10 gigs of 3g , and it covered every single area of the island . 
  out in smaller towns you 're lucky if you get coverage here . 
  if muhammad 's law is final , then why do ahmaddi 's no longer follow the jihad or hajj . 
  did n't ahmad claim to be the final revelation ? 
  oh i see i 've been misinformed . 
  i went over to / r/islam a few weeks ago when i learned about the ahmaddi 's and they were saying you did n't believe jihad or hajj were necessary . 
  from wikipedia it seems that you hold a different interpretation of jihad than sunnis though . 
  that 's awful about not allowing the hajj , it 's a shame that the saudi wahabbi 's are so intolerant . 
  fuck this behaviour . 
  did skeen ever tolerate shit like this ? 
  no , he sat back and let free speech triumph . 
  did we ever ask for moderation ? 
  i know i did n't . 
  my vision may not be the best but i can still see bullshit when it 's right in front of me . 
  it 's fucking obvious that all of you have been told to toe the line of one little fascist with an ego complex . 
  this is mod abuse and you know it, 
  circlebroke2 is literally circlebroke lite, 
  i find youtube buffers quicker on my sony than on my computer . 
  also it 's nice to be able to skype relatives from the couch . 
  other than that i do n't use many other smart features . 
  each retailer has a proprietary app selection , so there 's less choice . 
  what about movies + gaming . 
  the majority of people do all those on their tv . 
  i take it you just have a computer ? 
  i 've heard good things about the novel `` christ the lord out of egypt '' by anne rice , that attempts to theorize what may have happened . 
  as for historical works i honestly do n't think there are any, 
  every single one of these videos relies on picking a minor detail that darwin said or looking at something that was n't accounted for in the initial theory , trying to prove it contradicts the theory when modern science and newer developments has accounted for it . 
  theistic evolution does not contradict our faith . 
  you can believe in `` intelligent design '' but there 's no evidence for it . 
  on matters of science i 'll trust scientists , on matters of religion i 'll trust theologians . 
  well that 's obvious . 
  in their view , it does n't appear in the quran so jesus likely never said it . 
  well matthew records that he was taken to egypt until herod died , after which he returned a few years later to galilee . 
  ultimately though there 's no real details , it 's all pretty much theory . 
  the other book someone mentioned `` issa '' is coming from a buddhist perspective , as the buddhist scriptures supposedly prophesized that he would come to seek enlightenment in india . 
  the ahmaddiya who did an ama the other day linked to this http://www.alislam.org/topics/jesus/ on his sects beliefs . 
  according to them jesus fled to india and was buried in a tomb in kashmir https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roza_bal , which is at least an interesting theory . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  blackberry are even later than microsoft to the party with a modern smartphone . 
  it 's smart that it can run android apps with just a little tweaking , but so many of their old business customers have already abandoned them for iphones , lumias or galaxys . 
  omg stop pissing in le buttery popcorn !, 
  fuck these downmemers . 
  i upvoted . 
  i love the music , despite only ever having played ff vii . 
  all the square rpgs have good music though , especially chrono cross . 
  the vii , viii and x piano collections are all really well done too . 
  if you need some rainy day or studying music , they 're a solid choice . 
  their lyrics are hardly insightful but they do have some great riffs, 
  i would love to visit your city some day . 
  it seems tourism is really growing in the balkans now and in montenegro too . 
  may god bless you and your family . 
  i find the people at / r/islam are usually very helpful , and i 've learnt a lot about the faith from reading here . 
  i would suggest sharing your questions and doubts with the users in / r/christianity and / r/trueatheism too . 
  i am also ex anglican , but i 'm non denominational now . 
  when you 're making a big decision to convert it pays to get a wide range of opinions . 
  god bless you sister . 
  there are the christadelphians as well who are non trinitarian , but i do n't think they 're quite as extreme . 
  they certainly do n't think other christians are going to hell, 
  thank you brother for sharing this with me . 
  i will be posting this on the `` face book '' as a warning . 
  do n't let the bagels fool you , these unshaven sinners are straight from the pit of hell !!, 
  the whole thing is overblown . 
  really , if someone steals your package via ups or courier it 's likely to be refunded . 
  you have military bases , but i do n't think the us governs any territory in germany or japan . 
  there was okinawa up 2-3 decades ago but it 's now in japanese control, 
  the us still governs territory in the pacific though leftover from ww2, 
  rwanda is one of the most modern countries in africa now . 
  it 's amazing how they 've recovered, 
  i mostly use a acoustic electric . 
  is it easier to use it in rocksmith 2014 ? 
  not exactly a jrpg but if you want a great anime style story katawa shoujo is hard to beat . 
  oh it was easy enough to use , but the modes were all catering to plain electric . 
  i was wondering if they had an acoustic electric style play mode or setting . 
  well it did have a rough start . 
  it was overpriced at launch and it took the first year to get decent exclusives . 
  nintendo are still handling digital awfully . 
  shantae and pullblox are must have digital titles at a decent price but for the retail releases it 's almost always cheaper to get the in store copy . 
  the new ace attorney is a decent price since it 's digital only . 
  if they had specials on digital titles matching that price point , there would be far more people buying them . 
  exactly . 
  when you can get it secondhand for $ 10 or so or new for $ 10-15 cheaper it 's a tough sell . 
  it 's the best game on the eshop, 
  oh my sagan you killed bobby !, 
  did n't we all . . 
  postal 2 was a bit similar to this .
