  shock tactics work : it 's why bill burr , jimmy carr , dylan moran , louis c.k etc all are popular . 
  they 're outspoken , but are n't peaching to the choir in getting their message across . 
  t 's more about being subversive to the mainstream narrative . 
  you ca n't necessarily pidgeon hole any of them along political sides , as they attack positions held on both the left and right . 
  as much as i dislike 4chan and think most of their politics is vehemently wrong , there 's a reason why some of their memes have become popular on facebook , here and elsewhere . 
  the humour they use is often subversive , and questions societal assumptions , even if the content is objectionable . 
  good comedy transcends any political boundaries , because while society and politiics is in a state of flux , timeless jokes operate outside these confines . 
  off for a month around the south and south east of brazil . 
  have a car booked for three weeks , but am a bit nervous as to driving over there . 
  haha i do n't know if i 'm brave or just naive . 
  i 'll be driving with the doors locked the whole time . 
  i 've never done any solo travel before , but i miscalculated how affordable brazil would be . 
  anyways , provided i make it out alive , i 'm sure it will be a good experience . 
  the mexicans poisoned him with rotten taco meat . 
  you are always welcome in new zealand . 
  i know you have the world 's oldest alliance with england , but i think we should be friends as well . 
  we have a fairly sizeable number of brazilian expats here but not that many portuguese . 
  i would love to visit your country one day . 
   in the arab world , it 's more nostalgia for the ottoman ... empire, 
  you would be hard pressed to find many arabs who long for the days of turkish rule . 
  did the british view germans as subhuman ? 
  i seriously doubt it , yet they still had plenty of derogatory terms for them as they were bombing their cities . 
  the asian theatre of ww2 was not primarily about race , unlike in the nazi worldview . 
  you 're perfectly accurate in that american society was racist to the japanese at the time , but it was not the primary justification for war , let alone a major hallmark of american military policy at the time . 
  as a new zealander i can certainly tell you the pay here is substantially worse for skilled professionals than it is in the uk . 
  i 'm an anglophile , so i 'm in favour of greater ties to the uk , but i think a better option rather than unrestricted schengen style free movement , would be to relax visa entry for canzuk , but still enforce certain financial conditions for prospective immigrants . 
  alternatively , you could offer unconditional free movement , but set a cap on annual arrivals . 
  i think there is good will on all sides for closer integration , but there have to be limits . 
  you mean white people get privileges . 
  i do n't think the south asian community in hk are getting the same perks . 
  i 've been to hk twice and deeply love your city , but i 've heard of the `` colonial mentality '' still existing in part , in that some locals will treat anglos and europeans with more respect than some other chinese . 
  i think in general though , hk cares primarily about wealth , and in general the perception remains that white people are of a higher socio economic background than the average hong konger , even when it 's often not the case . 
  there is a resentment towards the behaviour of some mainlanders , especially those smuggling baby formula , but wealthy shanghai businessmen will get treated very well . 
  sony have really been promoting the game and there is serious nostalgia for crash bandicoot amongst anyone who grew up in the 90s . 
  this is going to sell in droves . 
  i do n't think crash nitro kart was an improvement in any way other than graphically . 
  kim il sung was supported by the soviet union after ww2 . 
  essentially it was a case of the soviets wanting another communist state to expand their influence into asia . 
  the cult of personality was created to provide some sense of legitimacy to kim il sung 's rule , other than `` we are a soviet puppet state '' . 
  in christchurch the cost of establishing the fluoridation project is [ estimated at $ 10.5 million dollars , and $ 500,000.00 per annum afterwards ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/the-press/news/88787496/christchurch-city-council-wants-to-retain-the-power-decide-on-fluoridation ) . 
  it 's a nice incentive by the government , but ratepayers will be covering the vast majority of the cost of the project . 
  this is coming from a council which already has wasted millions of ratepayer money following a flawed plan to turn our central city into a testbed of car-free european style urban planning . 
  if parents ensure their children follow sound dental and health practices , there is no need for adding fluoride to the water supply . 
  christchurch has some of the purest water in new zealand , and most of the public would prefer the money was spent elsewhere . 
  sure , but ten million dollars is a sizeable amount for an unpopular project that the ratepayer is expected to cover . 
  as to your argument , fluoride is nowhere near as important as seat belts . 
  there are no fatalities prevented by not having fluoride in the water supply . 
  everything it accomplishes can and should be acheieved through proper personal dental hygeine . 
  haha i think canadians are the most notorious for their backpack patriotism . 
  that leaf seems to go everywhere . 
  i do n't know if this is really going to be the best gift for women . 
  our finest export, 
  that 's a great idea actually . 
  i ended up just going for a bunch of [ tiny toy kiwis ] ( http://www.shopenzed.com/kiwi-clip-on-keychain-xidp212468.html ) after seeing an aussie recommend those clip on koalas . 
  that 's what i hate about the group mentality on reddit . 
  people see an upvoted post and just assume it 's accurate . 
  likely because the loyalist terrorists were n't attacking british civilians . 
  it in no terms excuses their actions , but it 's the same reason why irish media was n't as focused on the ira attacks as the british press . 
  when something does n't directly affect you , it takes on less importance . 
  apologies , i phrased that wrong . 
  the loyalist paramilitaries were n't killing civilians in great britain , unlike the pira . 
  thanks for the link . 
  it provides a pretty good overview of the casualties . 
  are you not entitled to the dole ? 
  i do n't know where you are exactly , but if all you have is the clothes on your back , you would probably be better moving to a small town where the rent is affordable . 
  i 'm sorry to hear of your situation , but the fact remains that no store really wants a homeless person sitting around it . 
  it 's not a good look for their customers . 
  i do n't really think you have any rights to just leave your posessions around a store , homeless or otherwise . 
  if you left them unattended then it 's really no surprise they tried to get rid of them . 
  still waiting for paintin day . 
  the whole town got to paintin their houses back in 98 . 
  lord knows it 's gon na come soon . 
  those `` colonists '' have been there for centuries , some longer than the united states has existed . 
  telling them to pack up their bags and leave is so implausible a solution , that it 's pointless to even suggest it . 
  as someone who is fairly ignorant when it comes to islamic dress , i 'm just wondering why you would choose the niqab over the hijab ? 
  is it purely down to personal preference , or do you feel more comfortable wearing the niqab ? 
  apologies if the question is too forward . 
  it was bad journalism from the independent . 
  who reports on a hypothetical turnout of any march as a headline , unless you have confirmed registrations backing up the numbers ? 
  they were simply pushing an agenda . 
  the south island of new zealand in particular has a very strong scottish heritage . 
  one of the more prominent boarding schools in my city is presbyterian , and dunedin in particular revels in its scottish roots , hosting numerous scottish festivals and pipe bands . 
  [ the lower south island in particular , is the only region to be majority presbyterian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_new_zealanders ), 
  any recommendations for things in rio ? 
  i 'm heading over there in a few weeks . 
  i 'm heading to brazil for a whole month , driving through minas to sao paulo , then to iguacu , floripa and back again through paraty and ilha grande . 
  i 'll have a whole week in rio , so i 'll be able to fit in most of the main sights . 
  when people were throwing out terms before the referendum vote , i was quite partial to `` departugal . '', 
  [ but look at her smile when she visits new zealand . 
  we are clearly grandma 's favourite child  ] ( http://www.royalhistorian.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/the-queen-in-new-zealand.jpg ), 
  how much do you really think you have in common with a kyrgyz shephard who has never even used a computer in his lifetime ? 
  britain has a massive class divide even within a single culture , and yet people seem to think that they would easily be able to just get along with billions of those totally unfamiliar with their values and ideals , nor their own experiences . 
  the borders of the world may be arbitrary , but the culture 's within them are not . 
  human beings all share similar aspirations regardless of what they look like , but their behaviour varies wildly based on the societies they 're from . 
  `` we 're all humans '' when push comes to shove , is just a reductionist platitude . 
  i think any place where you have relatives and free accomodation makes for an easy stop . 
  london is probably the place for me in that regard . 
  how have you found the uk as a belgian ? 
  i remember a belgian guy telling me once before that your cultures are quite similar . 
  i recently went on a trip to south america and regretted taking a suitcase .
