  man that was a brilliant time . 
  extremely fascinating and you 're obviously one of the foremost experts on the subject . 
  however i do n't know if you 've heard of the modern scientific theory by bravery scholar aalewis . 
  he has suggested another possible measure of bravery : euphoria . 
  this is the highest measurement of science , greater than even the kilosagan . 
  it 's a very recent theory and was rejected by the university of / r/atheism , however the magic sky fairy stem college of faith smashing has embraced it . 
  do you think that euphoria is a valid scientific theory ? 
  haha parisron brilliant !, 
  heavenly creatures : another peter jackson film about a murder set in christchurch . 
  i 'm interested to see what they do with the one on wii u. 
  if you watched the nintendo direct presentation they said that they were wanting to do a bit more experimentation with the series and put out a non linear , unique title this time . 
  if we got another game that stood out like majoras mask and really changed the formula i 'd be excited to see the results . 
  i think within the year or next year we 'll have majoras mask 3d and of course there 's wind waker hd to be released in the run up to the wii u title which i think late 2014 to 2015 is an estimate to the release date . 
  another thing to note is that the province near north korea is an autonomous korean speaking province . 
  it 's easy for those escaping to assimilate into the rest of the area 's population , though the north do have agents there as well to pick them up . 
  if there was an exodus of refugees language would n't be a barrier . 
  damn straight . 
  satan is the cool one remember , all the rock stars and scientists and shit will be in hell . 
  oh and he was the good guy as well , he was trying to get humans to be enlightened by eating a fruit . 
  dae think chinese peasants have a higher iq than religious professors at universities ? 
  welcome to science !, 
  ## are you not euphoric ? 
  i 'm a kiwi but do n't have the sterotypical accent, 
  facebook does this does n't it ? 
  or is it only with a limited group ? 
  perhaps being able to switch between anonymous and public profiles ? 
  or just certain posts set to be anonymous ? 
  if it was focused on friends and family communicating with each other you could n't have it completely anonymous . 
  it 's not the best reputation is it ? 
  the website that always fails to load . 
  that 's not a bad idea . 
  also if you 're members of a certain page or board to have like group chat almost like an irc channel within the social network page/board . 
  facebook have this do n't they ? 
  the majority of people that use a social network . 
  from the entire network or just from your own ? 
  also how do you quantify ` idiocy ' . 
  i think a report feature like on reddit is a good idea for spam etc though . 
  excluding certain people from your newsfeed without ` unfriending them ' is another idea, 
  i think you 're forgetting the centuries of persecution before christianity became established . 
  none of the people who wrote the gospels got any money or control, 
  psst calling someones god a `` invisible sky wizard '' makes you look really immature . 
  there 's a reason why / r/magicskyfairy was created, 
  his point was that we have evidence that paul wrote his letters in the first century . 
  you have no evidence of a flying spagghetti monster . 
  no , we have letters that we know paul wrote . 
  we know this because we have historians who have researched the copies contained within codex 's of the new testaments from the 4th-5th centuries and the customs and events within are considered accurate for the jewish and gentile customs of the 1st century . 
  the claim we 're disputing is whether pauls letters were valid , not whether god or any deity exists . 
  we also know the gospel of pastafarianism was created as a satire of organized religion as we have accounts of its creation by the author that prove this . 
  considering that the author has come out claiming the `` gospel '' is imaginary we can discount any claim that the flying spaghetti monster is true . 
  pretend you 're proposing to her with a shot zooming in of a wedding ring . 
  then expand the camera out to show you having sex with a prostitute . 
  bonus points if it 's live via skype, 
  expecting me to shave ... but she must shave her no no parts though . 
  i enjoy the skyrim theme while plundering if you know what i mean ; 3, 
  my sagan srswimmin is amazing !, 
  i literally cried tears of sweet reason the day i heard the autotuned sound of dawkins . 
  gay marriage at an atheist protest . 
  but i repeat myself, 
  [ are you serious ? 
  this whole subreddit is about reposts . 
  obviously and that 's perfectly understandable . 
  i believe we need to keep an element of exlusivity on le word le . 
  it should be known that whoever uses the word has no time for le religious crap everyone else is into . 
  i mean more upvotes !!, 
  i le know !!, 
  fuck off fundie . 
  it can be a verb if we use it that way e.g i am le'ing theists and they 're all in tears . 
  this was the whole point of my dissertation to / r/antitheism . 
  the theists have a hold on our vocabulary and we need to le stop it !, 
  leterally hitler, 
  i got caught up in the ron paul `` revolution '' a year ago and was an ardent ron paul fan for a few months . 
  it was the sheer optimism of the followers that got me really . 
  they hyped ron paul wherever they went in an almost religious fervour . 
  he was going to change america , end corruption etc. 
  i mean i respected many of ron paul 's claims, 
  - ending corruption within wallstreet and the federal reserve, 
  - not legislating morality on homosexuality + softer drugs, 
  - ending american imperialism and involvement overseas . 
  bring friends and trading with nations like iran for example instead of hitting them with agressive sanctions . 
  - respect for the american constituton and states rights, 
  those were the main ones that got me . 
  ultimately though i realized though his ideas were unachievable within american politics and for all the good ones he had he had kooky as hell ones as well and stopped following mid way in the primaries round the time of the nevada one when i realized he had no chance of winning . 
  have you not read the queen james bible cis scum ? 
  gop governers are nice to the wealthy . 
  they can only empathize with lamborghini owners . 
  gosh , hannity says something supportive of his employer ? 
  who would have guessed . 
  if rachel maddow said msnbc gave fair and balanced coverage of romney would we be up in arms ? 
  / r/liberalreality . 
  we give the truth , whatever others may say . 
  this is a ridiculous argument . 
  the bible is a series of different books written at different periods throughout history . 
  essentially your argument is the same as `` how do we not know of willie wonka without roald dahl ? 
  the twits and willie wonka are the same because i read them in `` the collected works of roald dahl '' so willie wonka must be held accountable for the actions of the twits . '', 
  we find the accounts of jesus in the gospels . 
  if you want to criticise jesus teachings look there not exodus or leviticus , even if they 're compiled in the same anthology . 
  amerikkka = hitlers children, 
  kkkristianity = conservatism = nazi party, 
  are you still the editor ? 
  you mean / r/technology aka / r/piracycirclejerk,
