  the melody is great but the lyrics suck . 
  that cover is incredible though, 
  i 'm pretty tempted considering it 's their early stuff, 
  thanks godwin , i 'm glad you showed up, 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the latest game is the last game before kingdom hearts 3 and sets the story up for it . 
  that 's lovely , now if they just opened in new zealand ... ugh and in-n-out . 
  i need to get back to america , i miss your massive meals . 
  buy one physical copy . 
  digital games are tied to the one device, 
  jesus was real , it 's whether he 's the son of god that 's in dispute . 
  and even if he was , why would that end the worldfood crisis . 
  did n't humanity create it , why would it be his problem ? 
  it 's ridiculous i agree . 
  i reckon they should put it back up but as a paid download . 
  i and others i 'm sure would happily pay $ 5 for it, 
  until 3ds , wii u and wii accounts are unified and the price is substantially cheaper , i 'll go cart when i get it, 
  foreign ds games yes , foreign 3ds no, 
  that 's insane !, 
  all the classic squaresoft games . 
  chrono cross , kingdom hearts , ffvii + x, 
  think of all the things you spend money on other people doing and learn an easy one . 
  e.g if you go out for meals often , learn to cook . 
  a lot of tradeswork can be easily learnt , oh and basic it skills if you spend money on a computer repair person . 
  op you forgot the part this time around how this made you the bravest atheist in existence . 
  go to / r/christianity and talk to them about it . 
  they 're much more progressive than you might think, 
  i dont think / r/videos is going to embrace srs moderation with open arms, 
  well , i 'll be excited to see the drama if you do make the application process . 
  `` feminazis hitelerally oppressing my racism !! '', 
  well i imagine you 'd need to be approved by the existing moderators and they might have some questions for you to answer . 
  askreddit ( or ama ) had a big application process they went through a while ago to get new mods, 
  i 'm glad you 've worked out your entire belief system at your age . 
  do you by any chance live in the bible belt as well ? 
  it would be such good publicity as well . 
  even just donating 100 grand towards it, 
  hopefully kh3 will be the ps3 's swansong then, 
  no way . . validate me neil !!, 
  yeah but let 's be honest , it 's hardly a big deal outside of queensland . 
  what part of france are you living in ? 
  in texas there should be every denomination under the sun !, 
  have a look at what each denomination believes and find one right for you . 
  i 'm currently at a non denominational church but i really love some of the quaker beliefs, 
  brave comrade , who has ever thought of an officially atheist country before ? 
  mao oh man it 's such a brilliant idea , i 'm lenin everyone hear it with caps lock . 
  ~ ~ aussie ~ ~ convict reporting in . 
  sir !, 
  churches will burn, 
  and christians will too, 
  le logical atheist, 
  is smarter than you, 
  thanks guys , looks like there are plenty of apps that do the job , 
  that might be the case in spain but in new zealand , australia and the uk at least bad customer service is not taken lightly . 
  people get a decent salary and if they do a bad job , their boss will sack them quickly ( at least at cafes and restaurants , maybe not mcdonalds ), 
  is tipping really regarded as optional though . 
  i 'm not from the us but when i went it seemed mandatory . 
  we only gave our taxi driver 10 % and he did n't seem happy . 
  god knows what he would have done if we gave him less . 
  i personally did n't find it a problem at restaurants in la , since the poor latino staff were getting paid barely anything , but i 'd much prefer it if people just got decent wages and tipping was n't a necessity for the waiters to have a roof over their head . 
  i would n't buy it twice personally ... 
  i have n't bothered with the gameboy/arcade titles since i think they 're overpriced however i did buy warioware snapped , pushmo and shantae : riskys revenge, 
  pushmo - really is a must buy . 
  it 's designed by one of nintendos top publishers and deserved to be a retail release, 
  warioware snapped - fun when it works . 
  half the time its impossible to get the camera working . 
  pretty short too, 
  shantae : riskys revenge - what i 've played of it is fantastic . 
  the price really is high considering the ios version is much cheaper . 
  `` give me the child until he is seven and i 'll give you the scientist '' - carl degrasse hitchens, 
  how can anyone use this argument seriously ? 
  if g0d existed then he must meet my criteria of shit to do . 
  perhaps if god existed he would n't care about your whiny teenage rant on what he had to do ... since he 'd be , you know , the most powerful being in the universe . 
  get an xl , much better screens and battery life . 
  i would buy a flashcart for it , supercard dstwo can play ds , gba and snes roms . 
  super mario 3d land or mario kart 7 are both worth buying . 
  buy a 3ds xl , it 's a much better console all round . 
  buy a supercard dstwo and you can play rom backups of your gba games, 
  it means you 're so much braver, 
  rev dat bravery baby, 
  play sonic rush instead if you have n't . 
  one of the best 2d sonics ever, 
  what other 3ds games have you got ? 
  mario kart 7 . 
  you 'll spend hours on it, 
  go for resident evil revelations , dead or alive dimensions or theatrhythm final fantasy, 
  the supercarddstwo works fine on my 3ds , but it needed to be ` activated ' on an older ds model since it does n't have the eos filesystem . 
  once you put the firmware on it and run the update on an old ds it works fine in the 3ds + xl . 
  there are other flashcarts available but i know that the supercard works well , it 's easy to download the ds rom files and emulators once you 've got the card working, 
  it 's not really that noticeable , this video shows off it playing a ds game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpcipoofneg but the others look alright , not overly stretched . 
  you have to update the supercard on an older ds model though to get it working on a 3ds, 
  i wish i had a chick fil-a in new zealand . 
  all this bad publicity just makes people want to try it . 
  fly me to chik fila and i 'll bring you some new zealand, 
  why not both ? 
  da da da da da !, 
  mario kart 7 and mario 3d land are the two best games on the system , neither require the stylus . 
  i did n't know you guys had a seperate olympics team , that 's fantastic to hear . 
  that works as a tablet . 
  it 's like `` the jack of all trades '' - courtesy of samsung inc, 
  my sister has the s3 and i own a note .
