  you like / r/atheism in spite of its circlejerkery and most people here do n't . 
  can we just leave it at that ? 
  the scale is actually from brave to so brave, 
  check your headmate privelage cis scum . 
  i have otherkin headmates not `` guys '' that 's sexist and ableist . 
  you 're definitely raping your handmate that 's for sure . 
  mine 's called sally and i always ask her if it 's okay before engaging . 
  are you a man ? 
  because if you are you literally just raped calirogue by interacting with her . 
  if you 're a women you also made her very uncomfortable by sharing your opinion . 
  sounds like fat shaming to me , and veggieshame !, 
  check that privelage cis scum . 
  check your privelage calirougue . 
  i 'm a transhumanic headspaced weight oppressed otherkin and i really ca n't stand this verbal oppression !, 
  `` crazy bitch logic '' is insanity shaming and misogynistic . 
  in future please be more considerate or else i 'll be forced to consult my headmate lawyer tania . 
  so fucking brave, 
  i second this . 
  a / r/christianity commentary on the bible would be fantastic . 
  maybe one book a month or so depending on the book ? 
  make sure the post is stickied at the top and create a wiki with each denominations interpretation written for each chapter, 
  lol at `` zionazis '', 
  omg !!!, 
  its anonymous !!, 
  there have been a few civil wars as well . 
  some of the most thriving countries in africa like angola and ethiopia have been less than 20 years since their civil wars, 
  that 's the truth of the matter yes . 
  however the reason the arab countries largely support palestine can be linked to religion - with the dome of the rock in jerusalem being the third holiest site in islam . 
  they do n't want a secular government presiding over a holy site . 
  that and their hate for the jews originates in the koran as well . 
  i think it 's fair to say they 're better off than gaza at the moment do n't you think ? 
  technically the same deity . 
  neither side would admit it though because the characteristics are attributed to them in different holy books that each side does n't follow . 
  a jew is n't going to acknowledge the trinity even though it 's the `` same god '' likewise a christian is n't going to acknowledge muhammed the final prophet of `` allah '' the `` same god '', 
  the jewish shills are doing this !!!, 
  wake up sheeple !!, 
  now i could just be speculating but i think since reddit is largely atheist teens they probably get sick of the christian right saying they 're `` persecuted '' in america , which of course is ridiculous . 
  so when christians are actually being persecuted overseas for their faith in terrible ways they do n't want to acknowledge it being true , giving a sort of boy cried wolf result . 
  if the people in the warsaw ghetto were firing rockets into berlin , and were given the choice by nazis to have their own state years ago your analogy might be a little more apt . 
  i think wikipedia 's probably the most important source on the internet . 
  i 've got a backup source of it taken last year . 
  if civilaztion was destroyed in a civil war i think it would be the most important thing to preserve . 
  no , the jews would be responsible . 
  clearly the israelis would have dropped the bomb on their own territory . 
  sidehuggers shall return to the land of / r/christianity where it is flowing with biblical truth and conservatism . 
  deliver us oh mod to the promised land . 
  it 's no laughing matter . 
  only we saganites are educated and godless enough to spread his truth across the internet . 
  sometimes it can be hard but for the greater good we must go . 
  fundies are also blind . 
  not colour blind like dogs but scienceblind . 
  even when they see science they simply deny it . 
  ** i 'm proud to be a saganite !, 
  cracked ? 
  more like christhacked amirite ? 
  ** when will the madness end ? 
  can we brave scientists never be free of persecution ? 
  it 's exactly what it says god would do in the lieble . 
  right but it 's better than being bombed because your leaders are stupid enough to start a war . 
  this man is persecuted all his life for being an atheist and when he posts a true story of the oppression we atheists face he 's insulted by you ? 
  i pity you my friend . 
  this man is too brave for you to ever know . 
  i ca n't believe i missed that top one , it 's incredible . 
  truly the bravest of all ratheists . 
  you truly are a brave one frodevil . 
  can we see your face of atheism ? 
  descartes was a fundie you theist !, 
  nietzche was le atheist so quote him . 
  `` lol , yea i 've got an epic neck beard . '', 
  should have subsituted `` epic '' for `` faith smashing '' though . 
  that 's nice dear but until you give us some evidence as to them interfering with reddit nobody 's going to believe you . 
  oh god i ca n't believe someone would seriously type that shit . 
  i hope they 're in a better place now . 
  there is a market out their for selling stupid atheist merchandise though . 
  does anyone want to start / r/atheiststore . 
  there was that kickstarter for the atheist shoes that raised $ 50000 , i 'm sure we could get some money out of these neckbeards . 
  they 'd all lap up stupid flying spaghetti monster shit and carl sagan on a crucifix . 
  you mean carl sagan and the science laboratory, 
  no he 's not . 
  theamazingatheist had a reddit account until his meltdown with srs . 
  he posted almost exclusively on mensrights and atheism, 
  lol pwned fundie xd !!, 
  he even did an ama on reddit, 
  see the problem is that all you 're describing is what 's wrong with reddit as a whole . 
  it 's all over the place you ca n't narrow it down into one event . 
  faces of atheism was pure undistilled circlejerking , it was one beautiful moment when any credibility that board had was torn to shreds . 
  alright who 's nukelepope ? 
  that 's one beautiful copypasta, 
  if you do n't like it you can unsubscribe !!, 
  there are plenty more obnoxious neckbeards out there than the amazingatheist unfortunately . 
  why are you bothering converting the files ? 
  you can play any file format with goodplayer on ipad - ca n't you use airplay to get that to your tv ? 
  well you better go note 2 then , it 's exactly 5.5 inches . 
  sorry largely atheist college students, 
  the problem with the quaran is that you have plenty of contradictory statements . 
  on the one hand you have them acknowledging jews as `` people of the book '' to be treated with compassion and then in another surah you have it stated they are infadels who deserve to be killed . 
  there 's some interesting reading here, 
  islam 's interpretation of the jewish and christian texts is very different to joseph smith 's who left the bible intact and merely added his own additional book . 
  the quaran retells much of the old testament and advocates the killing of both jews and christians . 
  this is not comparable to mormonism at all , where the lds claims to be the one true church + reinstatement of the priesthood but does n't advocate violence towards christians or jews .
