  a ton , really ? 
  the ratchet trilogy was last month . 
  all the big indie titles are coming but as for exclusives , aside from some jrpgs the offerings are pretty poor . 
  i doubt anything past tomb raider 2 would have come to sega saturn anyways . 
  that platform was dead less than 2 years after launch . 
  why ? 
  sweden and norway both have them , as does the netherlands , belgium , spain . . 
  i doubt you would get buckets for a public toilet or children publicly urinating in any city in america . 
  chinese bathroom etiquette needs to be updated . 
  / u/piyochama without a doubt . 
  she has fallen prey to satan 's tool of nipponese perversion - anime . 
  did you meet steve from the farm ? 
  if only you went to a quality establishment like wetherspoons, 
  women should n't dare appropriate video game culture , which is clearly owned by meme sharing male neckbeards . 
  credit to / u/laowai852, 
  ** oppression !!!, 
  i think the town you 're looking for is called pyongyang, 
  new zealand as well . 
  i believe it 's any commonwealth country with her as the head of state . 
  this is so relevant to me !!, 
  it 's funny how the `` master race '' would n't dare pay for an ea game but is happy to pay for some worthless internet bling . 
  and what if one does n't lean either way or the other ? 
  what if one simply has no idea on the position ? 
  it 's fine to categorize people but there is a wide variety of those who do n't know if god exists or not , and are n't leaning towards either category . 
  argument from authority might actually be my favourite `` fallacy '' . 
  you could cite four different claims backing your argument against a wall of text by the phd in copy pasting you 're arguing against , and when they have nothing to back their claim up , they think they can use it as a legitimate defense . 
  literally feeling like an apple pie universe ; _ ;, 
  do you feel safe ? 
  i 've heard that juarez is nearly the most dangerous part of mexico . 
  expect a bustling and extremely busy city , moreso than anything you 've ever experienced . 
  expect being unable to find your way around for several days with identical looking high rises for miles around . 
  expect every street to be lit up and bright , expect to see people still walking round at 3am in the morning . 
  expect fantastic public transport and food , with more food and shopping options than you 'll ever care to make use of . 
  expect a shopping mall hidden in a building you 're walking through to get to the mtr . 
  and another one after that . 
  expect very busy but friendly locals . 
  expect to hear them complain about mainland chinese and the government as well . 
  expect humid temperatures even when raining . 
  expect to walk a lot . 
  expect a city with a soul unlike singapore . 
  most importantly , expect to have your expectations blown away . 
  it 's a magic city . 
  as a feline specimen who is not a person , i am excited by this proposal . 
  because i am a cat . 
  le scumbag obama confession bear :, 
  i hoped for change, 
  thanks for the nice memes you gave us all, 
  there 's a lot of emnity between scots and english for historical reasons . 
  before the union was established 300 years ago , they were separate kingdoms which did fight a lot but eventually had the same monarch under james vi and were united nearly 100 years later politically . 
  the scots are more left leaning votors as well while england mostly votes conservative . 
  that has lead to a lot of complaints they do n't get heard in the uk parliament in london . 
  because the uk is so old , even regions miles a part can have very different cultures/accents and history . 
  it 's all quite complicated . 
  the assholes being people who dare challenge the circlejerk, 
  this is very embarassing for key . 
  `` i 'm not a political commentator '' really ? 
  the prime minister of new zealand is n't going to comment on politics ? 
  citing inter city transport is very different to local public transport . 
  we have enough people taking buses already and a population comparative to wellington , where it already exists . 
  with the population in `` greater christchurch '' like rolleston , rangiora and halswell continuing to grow , there is definitely a demand for a rail service . 
  with the motorway clogging up , buses are no use and at the moment a car is mandatory . 
  talks in maymays, 
  leaks emails, 
  this was the same radio station that said anyone who did n't support gay marriage needed to get with the times . 
  now they 're treating gay marriage as a joke . 
  just shows how important they really feel the issue is , what a bunch of hypocrites . 
  good . 
  the man is a traitor and should be tried for the crimes he committed . 
  he leaked the uncensored information neither the new york times nor the guardian recommended and put thousands of lives in danger . 
  i 'm not american but i can see past the naive freedom fighter narrative that people on this site attribute to him . 
  he 's an egomaniac with health problems who dogmatically stuck to leaking uncensored reports , even when his wikileaks cofounders and newspaper collaborators deserted him for doing so . 
  you realize he leaked classified australian documents as well ? 
  link got red zoned, 
  potential thousands among the papers leaked with uncensored sources , detailing collaborators with the us in iraq and afghanistan, 
  the australian government and the western world . 
  rice_22 is n't a wumao , despite being delusionally pro beijing . 
  i think he just enjoys the downvotes . 
  well let 's not forget that in every `` controversial opinions '' aka let me jerk my disgusting views mainstream society does n't want to go near thread , one person chirps up that all people are n't equal and that disabled people should be euthanized . 
  human life is n't sacred to redditors therefore those going against their wishes should be wiped out . 
  well it is normal for them to be that way ... 
  this is clearly a troll, 
  literally this . 
  at least slaves did n't have to worry about lag on team fortress 2 . 
  can you provide any evidence you 're an `` expert political analyst '' other than the credentials of supporting the green party . 
  i very much doubt that 's an insult to you, 
  ring of fi-yar !, 
  yes of course . 
  if you actually browsed the board and had good intentions instead of assuming we 're all gun toting evangelicals you would have discovered that in an easier way . 
  we have many atheists here and get along fine , so long as both sides have the intent of a mutual dialogue . 
  catholics - you had some really great torture methods for aberrosexuals back in the day . 
  no , america armed the muhajadeen which were not the taliban or al qaeda . 
  so harmonious, 
  good old reddit . 
  no matter how bad warzones and terrorist states are , let 's not forget that american atheists will always have it so much worse . 
  bow down to my superior intelligence , console gaming fundie pleb . 
  the canadian regiment were some of the bravest soldiers in the battle of hong kong . 
  john robert osborn received the victoria cross as he sacrificed his life , throwing himself on a grenade thrown by the japanese in order to save his fellow men . 
  yes , but despite their limited resources they put up a good fight . 
  from what i understand the bulk of british soldiers in the asia pacific were sent to the defense of singapore , which was terribly coordinated and ended in surrender . 
  two ways of being fucked over , it seems pretty accurate .
