  likewise spyro , croc , medieval , ape escape , tomba etc. 
  all series that were left to die which once moved console units . 
  my childhood was defined by sony series instead of nintendo 's , but almost none of the best ips on playstation are around any longer . 
  you 've got such a cool setup man . 
  how do you manage the cable 's ? 
  not to encourage homebrew or anything , but you realize you can play wii + gamecube backups on your wii u too . 
  no patch is mandatory on the wii u other than the install data . 
  there is however a day one patch which you can skip which adds dlc support and may have fixed a few frame rate issues . 
  i played the game for eleven hours yesterday ( first in the world living in new zealand ) . 
  there was a day one patch that some of the pirates playing it early may not have gotten , which may have made a difference to the frame rate . 
  when first entering into the open world i had some noticeable drops , but they soon went away . 
  the only time i got noticeably awful frame rates was when first entering a village . 
  it would probably drop to 15fps , them recover to late 20s . 
  the game is perfectly playable on wii u and looks gorgeous . 
  it does n't look too bad but it 's still inferior to the tv, 
  not really . 
  both have framerate issues , just the wii u drops in different places to the switch version . 
  once you 're past the great plateau i believe . 
  epona is exclusive but there are horses with better stats in the game world . 
  the adventure of pokemon : burst of the camera, 
  i 've finally found a soulmate . 
  alternatively , go to brazil . 
  i hear they 're quite friendly there . 
  unrelated to this shitflinging , but how do you find being portuguese in the uk ? 
  i notice a lot of brits do n't realize how close their historic ties are with you . 
  i 'm not . 
  it 's up to you whether you want to identify as a `` gamer '' and cling to all the noxious cultural baggage that comes with the term . 
  i do n't care for anything that `` gamer culture '' has produced , i just like playing video games . 
  i 'm glad at least the majority of your stay in britain has been without issue , irm\u00e3o . 
  i 'm a bit of a lusophile ( portugal caralho ) and i started learning your language last year . 
  i 'm actually writing a novel at the moment about a boy in london who falls in love with a half portuguese girl from stockwell , and the anglo/luso relations are a major part of it . 
  it 's sad that things have taken a downturn though , as i know you and your family will have contributed so much to the uk . 
  if i may ask though , are you not eligible for dual citizenship as a portuguese national ? 
  even if the economy is n't looking good post brexit , if you are eligible it would still make sense to at least have a british passport . 
  nobody is watching your neo nazi garbage . 
  perhaps you should ask yourself why none of the claims in your documentary are supported by mainstream historians . 
  i have no agenda , in fact i 'm rather right leaning politically , but i despise anything that seeks to diminish nazism 's rightful place in the garbage heap of history . 
  if you want a good source on ww2 then read antony beevor 's `` the second world war '' , a well sourced and accredited work unlike your revisionist film . 
  that 's the problem when you 're limited to having to design around touch controls . 
  i honestly do n't know why apple has n't come out with an attachable iphone controller . 
  they would make a killing , and developers would design games based on it . 
  i have n't really played the souls games other than a tiny bit of demons souls , but i agree with your overall point . 
  i 'm about thirty hours in and the only truly difficult fight i 've had so far has been thunderblight ganon ( that , and some of the lynels , but i 've been avoiding them . ), 
  in fairness to botw there are moments which force you to not become complacent . 
  i continually underestimated the blue moblins at the camps , and when i was low on food and arrows , i completely overestimated by ability to take out certain enemy camps . 
  a good outlet is the quilliam foundation run by maajid nawaz , which advocates for progressive reforms within islam . 
  the problem is , there is real denial in the muslim community as to whether there are problems with the religion . 
  terrorism is the least important concern with islam in the uk . 
  the british security services do a good job in this regard , and have no doubt prevented plenty of terror attacks since 9/11 . 
  a much more pressing issue is the cultural practices the religion has normalized . 
  fgm , spousal abuse , rampant sexism , wearing the niqab , antisemitism , gender segregation and normalizing blasphemy . 
  none of these are condemned by either the british public or the muslim community as loudly as terrorism , but are far more dangerous . 
  when these practices become acceptable , or are n't tackled through fear of offending cultural sensibilities , then they will only grow more widespread . 
  a sensible step towards eradicating many of these problems , is banning foreign ( specifically saudi and deobandi ) funding of uk mosques and religious schools . 
  children are being indoctrinated into accepting these barbaric cultural practices in the schools and mosques . 
  if only british citizens could be imams , and only british charities could fund the institutions , you would see islam become more liberal . 
  there are environments where you need particular armour for . 
  you need heat resistant armour for death mountain , and any snowy area requires cold resistant armour . 
  yes you do if you 're spending a significant amount of time there . 
  it 's either taking elixirs or wearing the armour . 
  america is a predominantly christian nation as well , yet certainly most american christian 's do n't act like they 're supposed to . 
  people are hypocrites no matter where you go , and will always seek to rationalize their behaviour even when it conflicts with their moral compass . 
  it 's true regardless of whether someone is religious or not . 
  irreligious people still have morality and ethics they abide by . 
  even if they do n't cloak it behind religious traditions , it still does n't mean they ca n't be hypocrites . 
  marriage is one example - regardless of whether you 're religious or not , you have still made a vow to your spouse to be faithful . 
  likewise when self proclaimed `` hardworking '' businessmen commit fraud and embezzle money , they breach the public trust and their own business ethics . 
  now of course we hold those who profess to be moral authorities or who to a far greater standard , so when priests or self proclaimed moral politicans act contrary to how they proclaim others should live , they are soon rightfully denounced as hypocrites . 
  but whether you have a secular set of ethics or a religious one , when someone puts their trust in you based on your word - regardless of the circumstances , it 's very easy for people to rationalize acting against what they 've said they stand for . 
  fake news, 
  it 's such a shame as they used to be an excellent paper . 
  or a social democrat , or a social liberal ... 
  makes me shudder, 
  can you ship some bacalau and pasteis de nata over here , meu amigo ? 
  we 're alright on the sunshine front though . 
  a much better choice is simply to vote with your wallet . 
  if nobody 's buys the rags , advertisers will simply avoid them anyways . 
  trying to artificially prevent advertisers from reaching their target audiences in the tabloids ignores the root of the problem - they 're only doing it because there 's an audience to be found there . 
  what do you think a coalition involves if not compromise ? 
  not quite , since the germans lost the war . 
  maybe more comparable would be the young falangists , since franco ended up taking power in spain . 
  these certainly are n't worth the price of the dlc pack , but with an additional dungeon in a few months , then collectively they probably will be . 
  people are buying this simply because the second dlc pack can not be purchased separately . 
  if the story dlc pack ends up being underwhelming , then i 'll regret my purchase , but i 've no issues paying for more story content . 
  it 's funny how those gaffes are so easily forgetten , yet they mean everything on the campaign trail . 
  i agree with your analysis , but i would point out that sadly many muslims do not change their social attitudes when living in the west . 
  the uk and france ( and most of western europe ) have a big problem tackling radicalization , even in middle class muslim families . 
  if you compare african christians in the uk with a similar socio economic status , they do not hold views anywhere near as regressive as many of the muslim diaspora . 
  howl is good , but my personal favourite is kikis delivery service . 
  this is utter tripe . 
  it 's a vague phrase used one time in a single chapter of mein kampf , and you 're suggesting may is actually quoting hitler ? 
  this comic ignores the other crucial point of effective humour . 
  rather than being about `` comforting the afflicted '' and portraying humour as a moral divide , or `` punching up '' vs `` punching down '' as is the dichotomy the comic is proposing , it 's rather about punching both sides . 
  racist jokes are largely ineffective as per the example in the comic , but the inverse is true as well . 
  moralistic satire suffers from the same problem as racist humour - it 's more often about getting your message across ( tolerance or vitirol ) rather than an effective structure or punch line to the joke itself . 
  the most effective satire works regardless of which political party is in power , and can speak to both sides of the political spectrum . 
  not all humour can be portrayed along moralistic lines . 
  that 's why the argument about `` conservative '' vs `` liberal '' humour is ineffective , and why other 's have listed `` conservative '' comedians throughout this thread . 
  most of the best comedians , and the most effective forms of comedy can not be pidgeonholed into political categories . 
  they use subversive humour , unafraid to attack societal assumptions .
