  well , he did create them, 
  why did n't you just go along with it , for your friend ? 
  you are exactly what r/atheism needs . 
  an atheist who respects , not one who shows contempt . 
  well actually they do , that 's why they say it . 
  saying that though , of course the us was n't founded as a christian nation , and a lot more people need to know it . 
  check out the us episode from the doco around the world in 80 faiths , i think it 's on youtube . 
  there 's a church in the south that practice snake handling , as they believe god protects them and ` they can trample on scorpions and serpents ', 
  le atheist me , will not kneel !, 
  i have respect for gays , but man i hate their culture . 
  seriously , lycra pants ? 
  it 's not fabulous , it 's just wrong, 
  such modesty from a hero !, 
  do n't worry , i worship my ego too !, 
  in god we trust ? 
  memory sticks are actually used in other sony products though, 
  i had it for a wee while , thought i 'd have to replace the drive . 
  i just cleaned the laser , and cleaned dust out of the drive and it worked, 
  comment about why i downvoted your pointless statement to make me feel smug . 
  all of iran is evil , have n't you watched fox news ? 
  that 's exactly his point . 
  vote ron paul before you leave, 
  how about getting rid of a trillion dollars of debt within the first year ? 
  no other candidate even has a budget , let alone one that works, 
  a dumbass that would rescue your dying country . 
  honestly , what has obama done to end the debt . 
  nothing , kept the same wall street folks that were there under bush . 
  i do n't care if the party he 's in generally sucks , paul is the only candidate worth voting for this election . 
  if you vote obama , it 's going to be 4 more years of debt . 
  if you like him , vote for him in your local primary . 
  please , please vote for him in the primary . 
  i 'm outside the states , but i can see he 's the only chance you have . 
  and obama 's done that how ? 
  a little less troops in afghanistan is n't the end of the war, 
  at least paul would use a veto on awful bills, 
  your country is in the worse debt crisis in its history . 
  please do n't vote for obama , he 's changed so so little in his 4 years . 
  people outside america love ron paul , i wish more inside would too . 
  if you agree with his views , then please help him get to the primary . 
  he 's coming in third in almost all republican polls , behind cain and romney . 
  it 's not impossible if you actually get out and vote for him, 
  well then , if you dislike him so much who would you vote for and why ? 
  and tell me why you 're completely writing off paul, 
  god did n't tell ron paul to run , maybe god wants him to win, 
  give ron paul a go, 
  you 're just criticizing him , without answering the question . 
  who are you voting for and why ? 
  even if you do n't agree with all his policies , the economic impact he will have is better than any other candidate . 
  he 'll put america on the right road to recovery . 
  and you 're certainly right about sincere , he 's stuck to his ideals for his entire political career, 
  what 's wrong with mulan ? 
  it 's a kids film , but it 's a damn good one, 
  i enjoyed nine deaths of the ninja , with the lesbian colonel and the midget fight scene, 
  metroid was a grill last time i checked, 
  he 's a creationist but not a young earth creationist . 
  the view that god guided evolution over millions of years is a lot better than 6000 years without evolution, 
  i do n't think so . 
  you 're not going to die if you do n't understand how the world was formed , and how humans came to exist . 
  one 's in utter denial of the evidence , the other embraces the evidence but adds their own take onto it . 
  evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason evidence and reason, 
  logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic evidence, 
  t. ; dr evidence + logic + reason = atheism, 
  hitler did !, 
  he would n't want to be rude , he just did it for karma you see, 
  if by smart you mean atheist neckbeard socially incompetent virgin , count me in !, 
  it 's called an analogy , something that is n't meant to be taken literally but used to convey a point . 
  you 're welcome, 
  god . 
  only those who believe get the gift basket . 
  the bible is not trash as literature , any english teacher would tell you so . 
  sure it has it 's boring bits , but the kjv at least is beautifully written . 
  twilight i can agree with however, 
  scumbag pitchforks : come on baby , light the fire anyways, 
  to lose is to gain in the toilet of truth, 
  `` logic + reason = atheism '' - carl dawkins . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  the kingdoms of the past that persecuted atheists/non christians was because of religion , but the communist regimes that persecuted religious people was not because they were atheistic ? 
  seems like a bit of a double standard to me . . 
  it 's all about power , always has been and always will . 
  whatever ideology they use does n't really matter , it 's the fault of the people responsible . 
  what 's wrong with torturing non believers ? 
  just everything that jesus preached against that 's all . 
  games like this are made for 360 controllers , you might as well use one . 
  any action adventure gameor platformer on the pc is suited to one , and you can use it for emulation etc as well, 
  pretty sure you could , but not on very high settings, 
  come on guys , the more we do these polls the more they have to notice . 
  cain , romney , paul , perry that 's really all it should be now , popularity wise, 
  it 's absolutely disgusting , and the guy 's right bachmann should n't be complaining as she 's rated so low . 
  paul definitely has a right to be complaining . 
  people want it because the console would be worth the purchase, 
  the cloak of religion is one of the few things that seems to justify their assholery, 
  it 's funny how generalizations generalize other general groups . 
  very true , i 'm sure it 's hypocrisy that played a big part in turning many away from faith . 
  * that would be making an effort . 
  ftfy, 
  good lord seriously ? 
  i like saying `` you 're obviously not cultured '' in a posh london accent whenever you do something stupid . 
  `` hey man , do n't pee in the fountain ! '', 
  `` you 're obviously not cultured . . '', 
  i like saying `` you 're obviously not cultured '' in a posh london accent whenever you do something stupid .
