  sweet sagan the logic !!!, 
  i think i 'm going into a euphoric arrest people , someone pump me full of dew !, 
  the worse thing is they brigade any default sub discussing religion . 
  tag / u/feinberg and you 'll see him pop up all over the place, 
  being atheist is literally the civil rights movement . 
  the oppression he faces is unbearable . 
  verified . 
  please upvote this post to get it out to all french citizens . 
  i do n't think anyone thinks that 's gay either . 
  it 's like sticking a knife in there . 
  if they raped him or something i 'd agree but it 's not like they 're doing it because they 're repressing their homosexuality , they 're just cruel people . 
  do n't most people like esv over there ? 
  in every `` what bible translation should i read '' thread it 's all esv or nrsv, 
  i would n't blanketly say that atheists have no compassion for the homeless etc. 
  defnitely many of the folks on / r/atheism but most atheists do n't bring up their non belief unless it 's in a debate . 
  it 's the same with any ideology , the most vocal group gets the most publicity . 
  [ i am literally a christian , but a pretty liberal one . 
  i 've been a bit slack in going to church recently but i still pray and definitely still believe . 
  i support gay rights , do n't take the hardline view on hell and ( gasp ) accept theistic evolution and science . 
  the reason i 'm here is that these `` rational skeptics '' are so blinded by their angst masked as hatred for religion that they do n't realize they 're becoming everything they hated in the first place . 
  they evangelize , wear fucking atheist memorabilia and glorify science like a deity they do n't even understand . 
  the whole point of atheism is that it 's a lack of belief , you should n't define your life around it . 
  though i think a lot of the users of that board are social outcast teens that are n't feeling appreciated and so cling to atheism as something that gives them meaning , even when it 's hollow . 
  any community talking about what they do n't do is inevitably going to be a circlejerk see / r/childfree for another example , but / r/atheism really takes the jerk to a new level ] ( / ooc ), 
   not subscribing to the church of sagan, 
   sweden, 
  the conservative social philosophy is all based on greed , money and lies . 
  so their `` social gain '' means lining their bank accounts . 
  when did republicans start styling their necks like mine ? 
  they 're stealing my beard fashions , that 's making me angry !, 
  i bet he arranged his own murder so he did n't have to follow through his campaign promises and seem `` honest '' . 
  typical republican ... they 'll do anything to get you to swallow their lies . 
  everyones taking a turn to shit on calvinism . 
  namer seems to be enjoying himelf too . 
  i do n't think there was any other outcome though , calvinism is the black sheep of denominations ... barring jw 's , christadelphians etc. 
  i 'd report this act of fundie aggression to the admins . 
  downvotes are literally atheist murder . 
  you mean gay rights and weed right ? 
  what a brave persecution complex, 
  www.wikiquote.org/raptorslayer wtf ? 
  where 's his page ? 
  ## oppression !, 
  he 's talking bad about republicans which counts as fact in my book . 
  the whole premise of the town is built on prostitution and sex trafficking . 
  at least in vegas there 's entertainment and the prostitutes are treated well . 
  [ obvious troll but an entertaining one ] ( / ooc ), 
  british english  american . 
  i 'm sorry guys , i 'm not even british but it 's true . 
  they just enunciate far better . 
  bro , sounds like evolution to me . 
  get your filthy mind cleansed asap . 
  so brave !, 
  perhaps inquire at one of the it departments at hku or perhaps filter the app store results via hong kong devs if possible ? 
  i know microsoft will be keen for you to develop as much as possible so maybe contact them and they could put you in touch with some people, 
  my right to say what i want based on my interpretation of the bible, 
  i think industrial is a synonym for resourceful, 
  is n't changemyview almost / r/agreewithme already, 
  that sub is a joke . 
  they legitimately thought the olive garden circlejerk was a real conspiracy . 
  i think sapporo 's pretty good . 
  what asian beers do you recommend ? 
  all my relatives in the uk are regular church going christians . 
  i agree it 's on the decline but it still plays a significant part in society . 
  the real religion on the rise in the uk is islam though . 
  `` this is such a le circlejerk , eh ? '', 
  - / r/antiatheismwatch ( c ) 2013, 
  marcionism is the well known example but that 's going back to the early church . 
  after the faith was better codified with the various councils in the first 3 centuries then most of the `` heresies '' of the early church died out or became less prominent . 
  i 'm not aware of any major denomination that does this , as there 's a lot more `` cherry picking '' required to distance the fact that jesus was a jew and observed jewish laws . 
  if it 's one thing the atheists got right it 's hating all those stupid historic artificats in satans church . 
  let 's demolish st peters and build a new rock , a contemporary megachurch one with rock music . 
  damn nigga , dat shit 's brave . 
  ## a priest once touched my genitals . 
  science touched my heart . 
  1 torch + 1 pitchfork - 1 hitlear + gaben + 1m upvotes = 3,000000 pitchtorchgabens, 
  half life 3 confirmed, 
  you never played first party games on the ds and wii ? 
  no zeldas , mario platformers , mario kart , metroid prime , kirby , pokemon ? 
  sounds like you missed out on some of the best games on the platforms . 
  what ? 
  ea put games on the original wii , they were some of the first publishers on with sports titles . 
  ahahaha you 're delusional !, 
  since when did ea enforce origin on ps3 and 360 ? 
  i did n't . 
  the wii was a fantastic console because of the fantastic games on it , and putting backwards compatibility was a great feature too . 
  they seem to be doing right with the 3ds this gen , but the wii u is looking dismal . 
  i second this as well . 
  / u/notamethaddict would make an amazing mod of that sub as he 's very active . 
  to have a default sub be controlled by a inactive user is bad for the community and bad for reddit as a whole . 
  / u/jij has made some great changes to the sub and i 'm sure the mod team would be able to make even more provided that they did n't have the threat of the top mod ( whose philosophy is basically creating a laissez faire post anything sub , regardless of content quality ) being able to ban them for their hard work . 
  i 'm going to do this , seriously . 
  it will be a web design project based on bible gateway . 
  [ i think this pretty much hits the jerk on the hand . 
  the people on the mothership ca n't really comfort them so they make up pseudoreligious , pseudoscientific shit to try and seem sympathetic . 
  [ i agree with the poster above , i would n't criticize him too much . 
  he 's in a really bad state and so is ranting on the internet because it 's hard to deal with the loss , believing he 'll never see her again ] ( / ooc ), 
  it 's hard to give up when you 're getting upvotes , god knows / r/atheism shows it . 
  you mean android right ? 
  the majority of the tech world are n't huge apple fans . 
  it was submitted here http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/1eduhb/on_reddit_and_tolerance_of_misogyny/,
