  oh my god . 
  such a handsome christian man, 
  i do appreciate good looks . 
  i am not a front-hugger ,, 
  but damn . 
  if that face is n't righteous ... 
  oreography, 
  it was only released on pc ... 
  420 blaze it fundie, 
  we 've done in reddit !, 
  i ca n't believe how grateful i am to you . . to all of you for voting today . 
  obama called on us to do it and by fsm we 've done it !, 
  now the republica n'ts are going to realize that the vote is in the hands of us , the people , the redditors of the united states of america !, 
  i 'm just truly proud today to witness such a beautiful moment . 
  that we can be change in the world has never been as obvious as now . 
  for all the right wing , hill billy , military industrial freaks here 's a message from the liberal , atheist voters of reddit . 
  truth always wins !!, 
  edit : fuck you reddit . 
  i supported ron paul anyways !!, 
  i went through the new posts of circlejerk like any good jerker, 
  we 've done in reddit !, 
  i ca n't believe how grateful i am to you . . to all of you for voting today . 
  obama called on us to do it and by fsm we 've done it !, 
  now the republica n'ts are going to realize that the vote is in the hands of us , the people , the redditors of the united states of america !, 
  i 'm just truly proud today to witness such a beautiful moment . 
  that we can be change in the world has never been as obvious as now . 
  for all the right wing , hill billy , military industrial freaks here 's a message from the liberal , atheist voters of reddit . 
  truth always wins !, 
  upvoted for ** truth **, 
  as we did n't hear from the fascist amerikkkan media , obama won by 9000 % and mitt romney got one drunk person voting for him . 
  ron paul won the popular vote and has been elected president of the united states of new zealand with obama as vp and gareth hughes as minister of everything . 
  [ leave room . 
  ** for jesus !, 
  kim dotcom for ~ ~ fuhrer ~ ~ pm, 
  i 've never even seen the mag available in christchurch . 
  is it north island only ? 
  stay up for le sweet karma, 
  go the 920 definitely . 
  the at&t deal is really good, 
  have you considered getting a 920 ? 
  the n9 and the rest of the symbian family are going out of date . 
  920 's a better phone and has the same stylish design, 
  esv since it 's on my phone and kindle . 
  been meaning to read the net bible or another one with heavy annotations sometime, 
  it 's actually goldman sachs 's board room, 
  i believe excel is widely regarded as the best program in the office suite . 
  i do n't think any standalone application is as good , but google doc spreadsheets are n't bad, 
  i agree the n9 was a good phone but i do n't understand the benefit of using meegoo over win phone 8 . 
  you have much better app selection as well as an easy to use os . 
  price wise i completely understand however ... 
  anyways here 's a mobicity link . 
  be aware this does n't include the import tax . 
  this is the uk site but they have german ones and others, 
  the god of the old testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction : jealous and proud of it ; a petty , unjust , unforgiving control-freak ; a vindictive , bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser ; a misogynistic , homophobic , racist , infanticidal , genocidal , filicidal , pestilential , megalomaniacal , sadomasochistic , capriciously malevolent bully . 
  and so the fundies are wrong qed, 
  take that back fundie !!, 
  they just do n't give this shit up . 
  `` i am a christian '' no !, 
  you 're an undercover atheist . 
  shh , stay quiet unless they kill you !!, 
  ~ ~ electroshock therapy ~ ~ no it would be called `` the light of christ '', 
  do you even have to ask ? 
  if we do n't believe the resurrection then what was christ 's death even for ? 
  of course his teachings would still be admirable but they would n't make him worthy of worship or hold the meaning they possess with the resurrection, 
  #### god bless the usa !!!!, 
  are you kidding ? 
  / r/technology hates apple , reddit hates apple . 
  the only place you get upvotes about apple is / r/apple . 
  even if it 's barely related you can post `` i smell another lawsuit '' and get hundreds of upvotes . 
  if anything it 's the android fans that are most thick skinned around here , and i say that as an android user, 
  gareth pls, 
  hello, 
  i am a transethnic ( assigned black at birth but i identify as croatian ) otherkin ( wolf ) men 's rights activist and i am hoping to meet like-minded people . 
  perhaps we can have brunch . 
  google maps is decent but for gps nokia drive is better imho . 
  you can download 110 entire countries maps offline compared to the measly city wide , searchless downloads that google maps has . 
  also nokia own naqteq which has maps just as thorough as google if not better, 
  earliest gospel written was mark round 70 ad , 40 years after jesus died . 
  it 's believed that pauls letters were written not long after jesus died however . 
  i believe you 're right about surviving fragments though . 
  ca n't be too hard, 
  english, 
  spanish, 
  basque, 
  french, 
  monagesque, 
  italian, 
  german, 
  dutch, 
  czech, 
  norwegian, 
  swedish, 
  finnish, 
  russian, 
  belorussian, 
  turkish, 
  croatian, 
  hungarian, 
  romanian, 
  arabic,
