the key word here is ` game ' is n't it . . i just found it interesting . 
  i do n't think any other european nation have territory in africa . 
  i wonder how border patrol is dealt with . . 
  i assume that the budget was too small, 
  i 'm presuming he means the accent , facially i really would n't know, 
  the last example seems to be the authors proof that the prophecies have meant to be fulfilled already . 
  `` i tell you the truth , this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened . '', 
  fail : jesus states in matthew that all the signs marking the end of the world would be fulfilled before his generation ended , before the people that were standing infront of him `` taste death . '' those people have been dead for over 2000 years and the world did not come to an end , neither have all those signs been fulfilled . 
  the entire point jesus was making is that he came so none of these men would ` taste death ' . 
  ` this generation ' are his followers - those who believe , christians , who have n't gone away . 
  if christianity dies , and none of these have been fulfilled then the prophecies were lies . 
  however as its not the case , they still are yet to be fulfilled, 
  here 's a question for the may 22 rapture theorists . 
  if the bible says no one knows the day or the hour , then why would you say it ends on may the 22nd !?!?!?!?!??!, 
  sorry may 21st , caught up with emotion , hence the capslocks, 
  burj al arabbit, 
  you missed a bit in your logic . 
  man was n't all knowing , the whole point of why adam and eve were exiled out of the garden was they eat the fruit from the tree , god specifically told them not too . 
  they had free choice before they eat the fruit ( hence how they could obviously eat it ) but god specifically told them not to eat it as they would have knowledge of evil once this happened man became imperfect , and become flawed . 
  god needed to establish rules that man had to follow , to make up for what was lost . 
  these were strict and in order to pay for mans since , they needed to sacrifice clean/spotless animals without blemish to god . 
  ultimately though , once man had fallen from grace , the only way for him to feasibly be seen as clean in gods eyes ( the only way a sacrifice could truly make up for what was lost ) was the ultimate sacrifice - gods own son and a manifestation of himself - jesus christ . 
  once jesus died for us , sins curse was broken and finally we could have the personal relationship with god that adam and eve originally had before sin came into the world . 
  tl ; dr jesus was the ` final ' sacrifice so we do n't need to follow the jewish laws any more, 
  but this is the act that you 're witnessing , it 's different to seeing a thief who most of the time would look just like anyone else . 
  same with homosexuals , unless a chrstian is directly witness to gay people making out or having sex , they 're not going to stop them . 
  the rest of the time they 're no different from anyone else , or at least should n't be acting any differently if they want to be accepted . 
  vote for underated ps1 classics . 
  tomba , ghost in the shell and kula world/roll away, 
  it 's yours to read , not to keep, 
  how about if the ` sign ' was merely a coaster on a table in the corner that nobody used any more ? 
  i love you, 
  i was excited for the 3ds , and they really did have a good lineup last year, 
  there 's a reason why microsoft has market dominance , its the sad truth but a group of people coding an os for a hobby with good ambitions , will never compare to a ms os created by hundreds of professionals . 
  coding is a microsoft employees career , not their hobby , and the results show, 
  have you ever met moneybags kotick , and if so what did you think of him ? 
  it 's sad you seem surprised , pakistan should be a great country . 
  if only the islamic zealots would tolerate anything other than their bigotry, 
  i would have used backbone , but hey its not mine to tamper with anyways, 
  calculate the child support costs for the next 5 years ... that 'll soon change his mind . 
  tell the girl to give the child to a couple who really want it , if she does n't, 
  perhaps its you know those fault line things ? 
  all of the buildings round st pauls were destroyed during the blitz , was that a sign from above ? 
  signs can go whatever way you want , depending on how you interpret them, 
  is n't central library closed ? 
  it 's kind of hard to abandon a city of over 400,000 people . 
  sure if it was a few thousand people hit multiple times , they 'd think about relocating but not us . 
  more importantly where would 400,000 people go to ? 
  we 've got lyttleton for the port , sumner and corsair for beaches . 
  i mean its hard to find another location to fit us all . 
  i would n't mind moving to nelson though ... make that the new chch . 
  already has the beaches and you could build a decent port, 
  do you know how the city campus is faring ? 
  will exams still be there ? 
  chch here , at least there 's a great warning system up in japan as well as sturdier buildings . 
  honestly , if that was the name change you 'd be the the mayor and the only citizen, 
  not the outside world , anything but the outside world !, 
  it 's just a fucking link !, 
  there are still parts of the earth that have n't been explored . 
  bits of africa and new guinea no white man has set foot in, 
  i ca n't believe this , our government 's a bunch of hypocrites . 
  jumping on the bandwagon at the un with its fingers behind its back . 
  come september we should see some real protests , when accounts start being terminated . 
  its a cod joke ... 
  i 'm really proud of the greens this time , even though almost all of their other policies i 'm against . 
  we need a new party in the system , one that actually embraces technology, 
  i 'd vote for a watermelon , but i would n't go green . . 
  hue hue hue !!, 
  yuan , yuan anybody want yuan ? 
  those people were telling lies !, 
  you do n't want a liar around do you ? 
  no , so you imprison them ... simple . 
  hey guys , i kinda liked it !, 
  just wondering if you teach that god does not exist , or do you let your children make their mind up on the subject ? 
  forcing your beliefs on others ( or lack of them ) , either way is bad news, 
  i 'd say twilight princess was my favourite zelda , but only because i played it on gamecube . 
  it might have been the wii controls that had a good part in you not liking the game, 
  can you shoot with all the arrows in your sliiiiing !, 
  pop !, 
  pop !, 
  it 's sad you 're you 're being downvoted , i 'm sick of the unfunny memes as well, 
  i 'm sorry that you or anyone else would take offence to someone praying for you , but honestly comparing it to saying `` zeig heil '' to a jew is ridiculous . 
  anyone who says that term means it in a derogatory way . . whereas the redditor who offered to pray for you meant no offence . 
  you should be confident in your athiesm to take this as a compliment from someone with a different viewpoint , not as `` omg its religus so ur bein mean '' like the person who used the bless you sneeze example , no offence is intended , so none should be taken, 
  ` one day is like a thousand years to god ' notice how it 's a simile , 6 days could be 6000 , 60,000 , 6 million . 
  time is a human concept , not a divine one . 
  the bible was essentially saying it was a very long time , not ` it was approximately 6000 years because everything is black and white ', 
  badly worded though it may be , what he 's saying often can be true both ways . 
  a religious person could hold spite to god for being diagnosed with cancer , and still deeply believe in him . 
  likewise an athiest could convert to islam ( unlikely but hey . . ) and profess belief in the koran for helping them cope with depression , but not truly believe in the religion . 
  ( i must note these are only examples . 
  i 'm not saying being a chrstian gives you cancer , or being athiest makes you depressed . ), 
  seriously ? 
  is n't this just a bit immature, 
  you 're also a douche for criticizing others , while not bothering to criticize yourself . 
  i personally can be a very aggresssive driver , and drink out of the bottle , putting it back in the fridge . 
  jeans can go a week, 
  i do too if the purchase is worthwhile . 
  if it 's not i do n't care, 
  yes 100 % yes !,
