  it was mission based but it was basically a comedic serial killer simulator and you would get the news of your killing spree in the town paper the next day . 
  that 's definitely true . 
  gravity rush and soul sacrifice are the ones that look best to me . 
  it was overpriced for several months and then they dropped it . 
  sales were poor until they put it down to a better prie, 
  i 'll be disappointed if you 're profile picture is n't a leprechaun . 
  just saying . . 
  stop disrespecting our brothers in the islamic faith with your weak trolling . 
  i think you 're looking for / r/sidehugs, 
  puppy lane, 
  you 're not convincing anyone by being a patronizing dick . 
  you can keep hating on bitcoin all you want . 
  please do . 
  scoff at it . 
  laugh at it . 
  demean it . 
  meanwhile we , the people , will create a new economy which you do not , and can not , control . 
  `` using this context , my therapist was able to help me understand and react appropriately to real-life situations in which people were being ` condescending wonkas ' , ` derps ' , and even helped me deal with my own real-life ` troll dad ' without having to go ` fuuuuuuuuuu ' . '', 
  i 'm glad that he 's sorted out his issues , but no matter what situation you 're in that 's downright hilarious . 
  looks like memes do change the world after all !, 
  memes are something i value , because they help me understand shit . 
  like for serious . 
  i get distracted really easily and can barely read a news article , but i heard about the hurricane in the phillipines through a good guy greg meme about some charity . 
  i really like a girl at high school to and i 've been wondering how to talk to her . 
  however the scumbag stacy 's have taught me she 's just a friendzoning slut who wants my pocket money , so now i just masturbate to her at night . 
  i 've also learnt so much history through r/historicalrage , and can actually make spaghetti now thanks to / r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuud . 
  memes are just awesome , i 'm so glad this sub is here to appreciate them with me :d, 
  success enlightened youth :, 
  preaches the truth about memes to anti-meme agenda trolls . 
  gets lots of upvotes . 
  what a gg . 
  play him off keyboard cat lol !, 
  if you hate memes so much why are you using a confession bear ? 
  did you not read the meme manifesto ? 
  go fuck yourself, 
  actual advice mallard . 
  therefore they 're scientific literature and meme bashers are backwards fundies . 
  methinks the_dinks is a low rent / r/cringe troll . 
  seriously what have you got against memes ? 
  we want just one safe space and you 're determined to invade . 
  you realize you 're only proving our point that there is an anti meme agenda, 
  exactly . 
  fuck all these scumbag pat robertsons . 
  you just got downmemed by someone who could n't handle the truth . 
  i ca n't handle the memes so i need to downvote . 
  it 's pathetic really . . 
  it 's not so much what you 're saying , it 's the way you 're saying it . 
  there 's plenty of intelligent criticism of religion out there . 
  all you want to do is prove your point with a cheap generalization . 
  not liking crash or spyro is an objectively wrong opinion . 
  the gaming gods have decreed it . 
  i found the gba titles were enjoyable too, 
  i 'm probably half way through skyward sword and i 'm bored with it . 
  twilight princess was actually one of my favourite zeldas ( on gamecube , where it had better controls ) but fee is probably the most annoying sidekick in gaming history . 
  it 's like they designed the game for 7 year olds . 
  the skyloft setting was great as was the art style but the dungeons i 've played so far have been practically identical to other games . 
  there 's no real incentive for me to complete it . 
  hopefully it picks up but it 's my least favourite zelda so far . 
  i ca n't believe we 're still enforcing that bullshit . 
  reddit 's stand for him was one of the most embarassing things i 've seen on this site . 
  having said that kotaku generally is pretty average , but if it 's a genuinely useful article as this one appears to be why should it be banned ? 
  even worse than wacka ... 
  omg doxx !, 
  mods pls ban this user, 
  thank you friend . 
  i was so happy to read your meme manifesto posted here the other day . 
  there 's no reasoning with the non memers hatred , because it 's completely irrational . 
  if they do n't like it they can just, 
  [ deal with it ] ( https://lh3.ggpht.com/-jxnnlq0g9fs/t4gfbnexiki/aaaaaaaaase/t-wu0jwn7ge/s1600/deal_with_it.jpg ) ( le new meme : deal with it ), 
  [ u wot m7 ? 
  ] ( http://o.onionstatic.com/images/7/7372/original/700.hq.jpg?3640 ), 
  ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ pretty ^ ^ sure ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ an ^ ^ american ... 
  there was a copypasta on / r/android about google plus months ago that would be apt . 
  i swear some android users are so blindly loyal to the company , they ca n't even convince themselves they can do wrong . 
  obvious troll . 
  overtly brave and pandering to msf too much . 
  still entertaining though . 
  esv and net are the ones i use . 
  net is academic and half of it is footnotes explaining the meaning in the original language , esv is a good accessible translation . 
  also the esv is free on every mobile device . 
  the chart : westeros edition ^ tm, 
  does this ghastly religion know no bounds ?!, 
  well he studied the [ great medieval dragon saga ] ( http://www.segabits.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/panzer-dragoon-saga-a.jpg ) so i 'm sure his title makes him quite knowledgeable in all areas of dragon history . 
  exactly . 
  it 's `` japanese '' culture , insofar as it 's an exaggeration of it mostly designed to appeal to children . 
  it 's like the accounts of disappointed russians moving to america after the cold war finding out that the us is n't like hollywood depicted it . 
  i love american movies and ghibli films , but i 'm not going to expect either are going to capture the real essence of either country . 
  like a sir !, 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i do n't bother commenting anymore . 
  so long as they do n't take away the playlist features then i 'm sticking to my youtube account i signed up for 6 years ago . 
  i did n't sign up for a google plus account !, 
  in new zealand prices are pretty high too but australia has the worst . 
  there 's ozgameshop.com and nzgameshop.com that import the games from the uk , usually at least $ 20 cheaper . 
  i do n't preorder often , but when i do it 's usually only for the limited edition retail ps3 or 3ds releases . 
  on pc there 's no incentive and i do n't know why people would bother . 
  you do n't get anything tangible except some cheap dlc . 
  some of the late snes titles like mario rpg were pretty impressive considering the hardware they were running on . 
  mario rpg could have passed for a ps1 game a few years later . 
  have you listened to emilie simon ?
