  if you have any questions , the people at / r/christianity are usually very helpful . 
  no she 's `` making a stand '', 
  it 's has real artistic value !, 
  she 's totally experiencing the same plight of the migrants . 
  i mean the stains might not even come out of her clothes . 
  have some sympathy for the poor woman !, 
  i thought this was an interesting article for highlighting the inter-marriage rates between maori and pacific islanders . 
  also kind of surprised that the inter-marriage rate between europeans is as high as 96 % . 
  i would have thought european-asian marriages would have featured quite highly in the cities . 
  i think claiming anything as `` actual atheism '' is quite difficult . 
  dawkins and the `` four horsemen '' are some of the most prominent atheists around though , even if you disagree with their methods . 
  they are the face of the atheist movement to a lot of people . 
  imported all mine from england . 
  never again . 
  shame i have to wait two months until the italian shipment . 
  96 % is a far higher percentage than what any other ethnic group displays though . 
  i just thought it seemed disproportionately high . 
  both the bugs bunny games on ps1 - lost in time and time busters . 
  the first was a solo adventure , the second offered a cool co-op option . 
  in fact even if you played solo in the second , you would still control both characters . 
  in each you would go to a cartoonish take on historic periods - the vikings , pirates , the stone age , medieval times , the aztec era etc. 
  because it was a famous character tie in you 'd expect it to be garbage , but both were fantastic . 
  just as good as ape escape , crash bandicoot , spyro and the other top acclaimed 3d platformers of the era . 
  wait , he 's talking about not having a right ctrl button ? 
  how is this an issue with anyone . 
  i would n't even expect it on a laptop without a numpad . 
  it should be noted it largely was n't the communists who were fighting them . 
  the communists played a minor role in ww2 and the chinese army was run by the kmt . 
  there was a ceasefire of the chinese civil war while both the kmt and communists fought against japan . 
  it was the kmt who now rule taiwan who contributed the most . 
  the communists benifited a lot from the fatigue of the chinese army post ww2 in their conquest of china . 
  an invasion of zimbabwe would likely have had the publics support too - at least moreso than iraq . 
  i wish we still had the empire :(, 
  rip . 
  you were too good for this world . 
  ^ ^ ^ aside ^ ^ ^ from ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ bad ^ ^ ^ stuff ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ god ^ ^ ^ save ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ queen, 
  indian nationalist garbage . 
  yes , british rule was terrible in india for much of the native population . 
  the famines were criminally negligent and britain should rightfully be ashamed of its criminal mismanagement . 
  however your other points simply are n't true . 
  the east india company leveraged the existing system of leadership . 
  india was only united for brief periods - under the mughals and under ashoka . 
  there was no uninterrupted period of indian civilization . 
  gujarati 's , tamil 's and punjabi 's lived quite different lives . 
  painting india as a unified civilization for 5000 years is similar to the historical revisionism of the ccp . 
  they also talk about an unbroken lineage of culture - despite the claim being far from the truth . 
  if we 're to talk about attrocities , the partition of india ( which occurred thanks to decolonization ) has not only created your adversary pakistan , but itself cost hundreds and thousands of lives . 
  the once vibrant hindu and christian communities in pakistan are all dead and the temples and churches ransacked . 
  this would never have occurred if it were not for gandhi . 
  should we paint him as a villian now for the indirect consequences of his political failures ? 
  i would hope the answer would be no . 
  likewise the failures of british administration need to be evaluated in an unbiased way . 
  it 's just specific to smash . 
  mk8 has some of the best multiplayer and never throttles even if you 're on a poor connection . 
  have you got a source on that ? 
  the hd re-release of the gamecube title was `` new play control !, 
  mario power tennis '' on wii . 
  this seems to be a completely original game . 
  mario kart is worldwide though . 
  it just works much better than smash 's implementation . 
  and there 's really no reason to now , unless you 're really into jrpgs . 
  gravity rush was hands down the best ip on there and it 's now coming to ps4 . 
  the only reason i 'm not selling mine honestly . 
  it 's not a fact , that 's the entire point . 
  if it were demonstrably provable that god did n't exist there would be no issue . 
  you seem to have a dubious understanding of what constitutes a fact . 
  a fact has to be proven to be true by definition . 
  facts offer zero uncertainty because they have proof underlining them . 
  if you say `` no one has to prove or even claim god does not exist '' that 's fine for the context of a debate or in scientific or philosophical theory . 
  however if you 're wanting to imply that your claim that god does not exist is a fact ... since you 've offered no proof then i 'm sorry to say it is n't . 
  all this means is that a separate trade deal will need to be negotiated with the us , because they currently use the eu regulations as with their other european partners . 
  given that the uk is america 's seventh largest trading partner , i highly doubt that it will be difficult to work out a deal . 
  as to whether it will be more or less favourable than the deal than what has been negotiated with the eu is another matter , but the process is fairly routine . 
  the guardian are spinning this as if we 'll get sanctions or something . 
  hispanic does n't refer to people from spain though , it refers to anyone from latin america who speaks spanish . 
  it 's just related to the language - you could have white skin and green eyes but if you were born in mexico then you 're hispanic . 
  careful now, 
  do you expect rule 34s of mark zuckerberg if you were browsing facebook at work ? 
  same thing . 
  of course there 's porn on the fucking internet but usually people have to be looking for it . 
  i do n't hate bronies , i just think the fandom is a little childish . 
  that 's good to hear that there are people in the community doing that though . 
  it 's true they 're more superstitious , but it 's because they did n't suffer the historical and cultural destruction of the cultural revolution . 
  the buddhist temples in hong kong were never closed or ransacked . 
  i 've never heard that . 
  from my understanding there 's something of a comraderie between them due to them both being sars , and being canto cultures . 
  there 's a big difference in the historical situation of hong kong and macau though . 
  i spoke to quite a few macanese locals who lived under the portuguese administration and they all said that things were much quieter . 
  portugal more or less neglected the place - it was only after the handover that the chinese turned it into their gambling hotspot and a booming economy . 
  the portuguese were restricted geographically though since macau is tiny . 
  hong kong however flourished under british rule and so the locals have a much more favourable view of it . 
  so many of them pine nostalgically for the `` good old days '' . 
  really though they do n't want to be under british rule , but they want their culture and social situation to remain as it was when it was a colony . 
  hong kongers do n't feel much loyalty to china since up until less than two decades ago , it was n't under their rule . 
  hong kongers just want to be left alone but the ccp is determined to have it growing `` ever closer '' to china , and in the process erasing their social and cultural autonomy . 
  mainland chinese, 
  hong kong is great if you 're on a decent salary . 
  if/when you go back though the house prices will have skyrocketed . 
  i do n't disagree that they are more superstitious , i do agree with you . 
  i was just elaborating on your point .
