  the uk is the fifth biggest economy on earth , has one of the most powerful militaries and is present in every major international organziation . 
  of course it 's relevant . 
  north cyprus stronk !, 
  you 're still regarded as the world 's greatest kebab removers though, 
  it 's sad , but i just assumed that was the reason after seeing the photos . 
  the chinese girl is n't going to date an african american . 
  that 's always a great endorsement, 
  try http://www.interpals.net, 
  there 's a lot of chinese speakers there that all want to practice their english . 
  i think you 're referring to the libyan army, 
  so long as tribalism exists and current political borders exist as they are , yes it 's very hard to do . 
  i 'd much rather be allied with the iranians than the saudis . 
  unfortunately history makes it impossible . 
  perhaps if the shah 's reign continued ( which of course was far from ideal , but still better than the current theocracy ) , saudi would exert less influence in the middle east . 
  because he has an inherent bias towards anything american . 
  this is the same man that denied the genocide occuring under the khumer rouge , because they were `` communist '' and against the us . 
  chomsky should stick to linguistics . 
  the ayatollah and inner religious circle of course . 
  new zealand was never a quaint bastion of light , in fact no country ever was . 
  i never said it was much better , but in terms of human rights and secular political structure it was still a better regime . 
  you poor thing . 
  you should be in the afterlife by now . 
  a variation from the same thread, 
  rubberdong is a science and an art . 
  rubber is a power . 
  dong is control . 
  nothing is a mistake . 
  nothing is unintentional . 
  ever . 
  there are dozens of dongs that can be used to make or destroy people . 
  you , are not rubbered . 
  you are rubber-able too . 
  here you are , explaining what is dong . 
  memes are a science and an art . 
  memes are power . 
  nothing is mistakenly dank . 
  nothing is unintentionally posted . 
  ever, 
  there are dozens of techniques that can be used to make or destroy memes . 
  you , are not uninfluenced . 
  you are vulnerable to memes too . 
  here you are , explaining what is a meme . 
  what would you know !, 
  shh , dad sometimes just gets like this . 
  come back after he 's had a cup of tea . 
  california is `` new new mexico '' . 
  it 's in the antwerp chocolate shoppje !!!, 
  they do technically have `` beasts '' in their religion too . 
  you already raped your own country , old chap , 
  i 'm well aware of our history , but thanks for your condescension . 
  i 'm just disputing the fact that we were a `` quaint bastion of light '' . 
  though we took some good stances in the 80s and before , we treated maori 's poorly and had our own share of problems to deal with . 
  no country ever was some idyllic paradise like the poster above was implying . 
  it makes no sense if america is bombing isil at the same time . 
  it would be a total waste of training resources , if america assumes that the fighter 's they trained are going to be bombed a few weeks later . 
  i do n't dispute the aim is to weaken the syrian government and install a us friendly regime , but i do n't think they 're directly or indirectly arming isil . 
  yes we all know that , but it still does n't make the persecution of religious minorities okay . 
  for anyone wanting to pronounce these like true nu zeelunder . 
  why taka ree, 
  you can get refunds for purchasing pc games that do n't run on your system ? 
  i remember years ago buying sim city 4 when it was first releasedand realizing our terrible pc at the time did n't support it . 
  i took it back to eb games ( new zealand gamestop ) and because the box was slightly crumpled at the top , they would n't accept it . 
  man , how times have changed . 
  freelancer , fable and rise of nations . 
  also they published the first halo , but let 's not talk about the others . 
  yes they are . 
  both show you ca n't control your vices . 
  anyone with a sex dungeon will either be a sex addict , or at least have an unhealthy obsession with sex . 
  being `` drug addled '' is far from smoking a joint every once in a while . 
  it 's being a total drug addict like the waste of a life in this article . 
  [ there are numerous anecdotes from locals ] ( http://www.npr.org/blogs/parallels/2014/10/17/356716672/free-speech-in-hong-kong-then-and-now ), 
  '' `` the speech freedom is just fading out , '' he said . 
  `` i was very confident in hong kong 10 years ago , but things change very quick . 
  everything is getting worse . 
  i have to protect myself at this moment . '', 
  [ then the hong kong bar society has been critical over the freedom of speech preserved in the planned political reform , calling the government 's interpretation `` unreasonably restrictive '' ] ( http://www.scmp.com/news/hong-kong/article/1678651/no-room-politics-judiciary-says-hong-kongs-top-judge-speech-extolling?page=all ), 
  there was nothing on the scale of occupy central in colonial hong kong , which does n't really speak in your argument 's favour , as it only shows people were more content and did n't feel the need to protest for political change . 
  however ,, 
  [ the riots in 1967 with terrorist bombings encouraged by the prc were regarded to have been exceptionally well handed by the police . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hong_kong_1967_leftist_riots ), 
  beijing or the sar government would now deal incredibly harshly with any occupy central supporter literally planting bombs across hong kong , yet it happened during the british administration and they weathered the storm . 
  of course things were n't great for a long time , and those misguided hong kongers that desire a return to colonial governance should recognize this . 
  many of the political freedoms were only granted post ww2 , however they were instituted by the british and not by the sar government . 
  every freedom given in the post handover basic law was already granted by the colonial administration . 
  i would ask you : since the colonial administration provided the right of assembly , freedom of religion and freedom of speech even for the politically subversive organizations such as those cultural revolution inspired terrorists that instigated the 67 riots ... . 
  what freedoms has the sar government or beijing provided that were n't already provided by the colonial administration ? 
  the answer is none . 
  this is because the current sar government is not only poorly conserving the existing freedoms of hong kong , but they are slowly but surely regressing in terms of the freedoms hong kong has . 
  the political discontent and occupy central are just a symptom of this gradual erosion of everything hong kong once had . 
  it 's creative sure , creative to the point of it becoming an obsession . 
  most people with creative sex lives still stick to using their bedroom . 
  you 're talking about an entire room in your house devoted to nothing but sex . 
  might as well start a brothel or porn studio while you 're at it . 
  i 'm sure that would enhance those creative sexual energies . 
  personally i never bother reading anything other than comics + magazines on a tablet . 
  i really enjoy using my surface pro 3 for comics though since it 's the same dimensions as a comic book , and you can easily navigate to files on another pc if you have a network drive set up , though it seems it 's outside of your budget . 
  the xperia z in your link is 10 inch so would probably be better for reading comics + magazines than the 7 inch nexus 7 or asus . 
  also the sony ui is nice for android . 
  or the nearly third of the caribbean nations that are still european territories . 
  there 's no way this is n't a troll .
