  he lived under japanese occupied hong kong too, 
  talking about how much you hate someone only gives them more publicity . 
  8/10 bretty good . 
  a 3ds remake of this would almost be good as a pokemon mmo . 
  it does n't make you an asshole , it just makes you unoriginal and shows you have little of value to contribute to the conversation . 
  this is the real question, 
  a lot of people use amazon as a review platform even if they 've bought the book elsewhere though . 
  some of the most informative reviews i 've read there have n't been by a `` verified buyer '', 
  you got a problem hong kong british dog boy ? 
  chinar is one people , one true simplified character and one ccp !, 
  you realize that norway and switzerland are n't in the eu and still regularly manage to trade with them . 
  regardless of whether you 're in the eu or not you need to accept their regulations to trade with them , which is what they do . 
  the uk not being in schengen could be a problem for all the uk expats , but for trade itself it would n't be an issue . 
  the uk is one of the biggest consumers in europe . 
  the idea that trade would vanish overnight is ridiculous , it would just need to be restructured to account for the change . 
  yeah sure , nobody in the pacific north west would care about anyone else in the rest of the country . 
  it 's not like inter-state travel , politics or having relatives are even a thing . 
  you realize the snp 's `` independance '' now is a lot closer to the current situation . 
  still using sterling , sharing the monarch etc. 
  the rest of the uk and scotland will both have their power diminished if salmond 's bastardized version of `` independance '' goes through . 
  most signs point to the vote being no anyways . 
  oh come on . 
  this is pretty level headed and you have n't even linked to any shitty comments . 
  there 's a bit of bravery but nothing really warranting complaint . 
  oh i agree , much of the reasoning is rubbish but i 've seen equally awful defenses of religion as well . 
  i personally am religious but i 've seen a lot worse from reddit . 
  maybe i set the bar too low for reddit but crappy reasoning is n't necessarily something i 'd make a complaint post about . 
  there 's no outright attacks on people 's beliefs , at least going through the top comments . 
  i 'm sorry , i only answer questions from friendly/curious/honest atheists . 
  regular atheists just wo n't do . 
  yes , but that 's not what the theory of evolution is dealing with . 
  the theory of evolution explains how life mutated and changed into different forms , not how it began . 
  you ca n't lump two different concepts together and equate them to being the same thing . 
  i vote / u/jij for best moderator, 
  i vote / u/skeen for most dramatic . 
  that 's an interesting idea . 
  or perhaps a friend of moriarty 's or his protege is using his image to get sherlock 's attention . 
  no you 're supposed to create a shitty novelty account to get more karma, 
  go fuck yourself fundie . 
  if you do n't believe in abortions and gay weed you 're not a true atheist . 
  upvoted for low effort shitposting . 
  it 's what reddit is all about . 
  you are joking right ? 
  closer genes to vietnamese and thai ? 
  ethnically most hong kongers are han , i do n't know what you 're on about . 
  and you 're delusional for thinking the prc has the interests of chinese people at heart . 
  hi , are you living in auckland ? 
  i 'm from christchurch but am planning on working in hong kong for at least a year after i finish my degree . 
  what do you think is the biggest change from living in nz to hong kong ? 
  nice job showing you have absolutely no knowledge of how ancient history works . 
  everything you wrote is hyperbole . 
  the medieval church had a huge role in preserving some of the older scientific texts from the classical world and running the first universities in europe , but that 's not `` none of the science you use today would have existed '', 
  also homosexuality is not classified as a mental illness by any serious health professional anymore . 
  here is prooof !!, 
  wake up sheeple, 
  regardless of your sex drive a relationship is about compromise . 
  even without `` testing the waters '' both parties should be able to reach a middle ground . 
  i 'm sorry , i seem to have replied to the wrong person . 
  it was n't to op who had a poor compromise by his wife ( it should ideally be weekly at least from the sounds of it ) or you but someone saying that a marriage without premarital sex is always bound to fail . 
  a compromise is about sacrifice by both parties and it sounds like op 's wife is n't prepared to sacrifice enough in this matter . 
  i like their page pointing out how stupid reddit is http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/reddit, 
  almost everything else thoughyou need to take with a very large grain of salt . 
  it 's like a left wing wikipedia on pop science and philosophy . 
  except it does n't bill itself as being a source of entertainment . 
  actually neither does tvtropes , except some articles can have a few jokes in them . 
  that 's called natural selection fundie . 
  peak of greece in ad 1000 . 
  what ? 
  ahahahaha look everyone they called in a brigade and everything . 
  are n't you racists cute ? 
  holocaust denial has been upvoted here before due to stormfront and / pol / targetting this board so i 'm sorry but i assumed you were being honest . 
  i swear there was a picture i saw on / r/atheism like two years ago that had him and richard dawkins at some skeptic convention . 
  he did n't really look neckbeardy in the photo either , just like a normal middle aged man . 
  i am also / r/sidehugs . 
  ama, 
  just to clarify , how much do you have on videotape ? 
  bro , do you even one true holy orthodox church of russia ? 
  what ? 
  jesus said he came to `` fulfill the law '' as in , through his sacrifice the requirement of the law was fulfilled . 
  not to mention the jewish laws ( leviticus ) never applied to gentiles and it was only the noahide laws that ever applied to humanity as a whole . 
  according to a very reputable source called `` syberia '' mammoth 's actually still do exist . 
  how dare you oppress this man . 
  do you know how many clicks you 're asking of him ? 
  * any basketball player that uses hockey sticks and humor to win the game . 
  seriously ? 
  buzzfeed as a news source ? 
  to be fair to somalia , you can actually travel fairly safely if you stick to somaliland up north . 
  come to hong kong as well . 
  i 've been here the past five days , it 's definitely worth a visit . 
  easy to get to from shenzhen too . 
  you wo n't have any issues with the language barrier either . 
  this topic has come up so many times in this sub it 's ridiculous . 
  just search jesus in this sub , askhistorians or skim through the historicity of jesus article on wikipedia . 
  or read any book about the history of religion . 
  it was actually pretty good . 
  better than the da vinci code, 
  yes the majority of professional historians believe a historical jesus existed . 
  of course accepting this does n't mean any of the miracles + supernatural claims in the bible were true , but based on references by tacitus , josephus and a few others , it 's most likely jesus existed . 
  it 's a very common theme on this sub and we 've had several determined atheists come in here arguing for their point of view , so i 'm sorry if i came across rudely . 
  autowikibot represents one-click infomaymaytion .
