  ultimately i do n't know why he would do something so harsh . 
  i understand however that the price of sin was so great , that it took blood sacrifice , first in the form of animals , and finally in gods own son . 
  the cultural laws really do seem ridiculous , and honestly i barely even accept them as being gods word ( or in how i view the bible . . god inspired . 
  not his literal translation , as it 's transcribed by man ) . 
  cultural law seems to me the kind of misogynistic nonsense that men at the time would want to attribute to the divine , in order to establish their authority . 
  so . . the short answer is i do n't believe that god would have had anything to do with the cultural laws that are attributed to him . 
  i do n't accept them at all . 
  i know that jesus mentioned the law in his teachings , and so i understand that you would argue if they were n't really gods laws , then why would he say he came to fulfill them . 
  i 've noticed that jesus was very careful with his words . 
  one slip of the tongue after all , one verbal sin , and gods plan for humanity would have been ruined . 
  of course jesus gave the pharisees a fair deal of criticism , so he was n't shy about giving them a piece of his mind . 
  however , if he dismissed the laws they preached , i think he would have lost his support base . 
  and then what did he mean by `` the law '' ? 
  was he referring to just the 10 commandments , or all of it ? 
  it 's a complex issue , but you should know that i dismiss much of the old testament . 
  i follow jesus christ , and not a vengeful god . 
  the bible was written in a very different time period to ours . 
  there was no birth control or prevention . 
  the key function was procreation , and while sex gave people pleasure , they recognized it 's main feature was for procreating . 
  since sex is in the end designed for having children , it makes sense that a strong commitment between couples exists so that children be raised in a nurtered environment . 
  marraige is the strongest commitment between a couple , and is designed to be shared for life - in sickness and in health . 
  now that we do have birth control , it is a lot less relevant than it once was . 
  if you can have sex and there is little chance that you will have a child , then to me it does n't seem as big an issue . 
  however even with birth control , unless you have a vasectomy , there 's still a chance of pregnancy . 
  if an unwanted pregnancy occurs , this can lead to abortion ( big no-no in christian circles ) or a mother being left alone to raise a child by herself . 
  christianity is very family focused . 
  we 're meant to live together as brothers and sisters in christ , and the church is referred to in a family metaphor . 
  essentially this is the reason why sex has always been frowned on outside of marraige . 
  it often leads to pregnancy without protection ( and can lead to pregnancy with protection ) and for a child to be born unwanted , to be raised by one person who is n't ready really seems wrong . 
  all of the traditions surrounding it are pagan - yes , and so is the date , when the empire became `` christian '' they wanted people to celebrate it in place of their former holiday . 
  but the meaning of the event - the celebration of the birth of christ , is certainly christian . 
  even if the meaning seems to be missing from the holiday , and it 's now a get presents and recycle old pagan events for fun event , the entire point of the celebration is and always has been christian . 
  the beauty of christianity is that your sins were paid for . 
  if you 're following maybe some branch of catholicism they would recommend atonement . 
  this is not necessary . 
  however , if you feel you need to correct whatever you 've done in your past then this is between you and god . 
  one thing that is recommending , is forgiving whoever has hurt you in the past . 
  `` for if you forgive men when they sin against you , your heavenly father will also forgive you . 
  but if you do not forgive men their sins , your father will not forgive your sins . '', 
  i know this sounds like a cliche , but forgiveness is the first step to moving forwards . 
  on the sex and the drugs , i presume you do n't still have a problem with drug useage . 
  if you are addicted , get help !, 
  there are church , and community groups that are there for you if you need them . 
  r/christianity takes a more lax approach to sex than other christians . 
  you are n't doomed to hell for having sex before marriage , or whatever other crap some christians claim . 
  however we certainly do n't endorse you still having one night stands or casual sex . 
  find a girl , fall in love , follow christ , be happy . 
  purenickery , do some research . 
  there is obvously science with atheism , as a large number of scientists are atheists . 
  atheists believe that the creation of the universe happened with one large event - the big bang , and correct me if i 'm wrong . . it continued to expand and over time life grew . 
  with christianity the universe actually had a creator to guide and control it 's growth , over seperate stages of it 's creation, 
  so what if the waffle seller asked you if you believe in jesus ? 
  say respectfully that you do n't and that will be the end of that . 
  no matter what country you go to you will find religion , so you might as well start learning to deal with it instead of boycotting any place a religious person runs . 
  `` if i want to surrender to jesus christ and have a relationship with god but i ca n't accept the concept of hell , what am i ? '', 
  a christian - but one that does n't fully accept the bible . 
  no matter what your difference is , so long as you truly believe in jesus you 're fine . 
  no , what it is - is in it 's name and definition . 
  until christmas is called santaday - then it wo n't really be about santa . 
  even though it seems to be all about presents and has become what seems to be a secular holiday , until they change the name it really wo n't be . 
  sure , i mean you can interpret things differently . 
  you can see hell as merely being an absense of god , instead of a place of fiery torment . 
  but the bible makes it pretty clear there is a hell , and so you would n't be fully accepting of the bible if you just disregard it, 
  `` dear occupywall streeters , if you want to make real change , vote for the party i like better '' ftfy, 
  surely a previous prophet would have mentioned something about gold tablets, 
  the shame !, 
  if christians actually followed this , there would be a whole lot less of them, 
  they justified killing jews as they did n't even regard them as human beings . 
  the nazis were n't on a crusade . 
  magnificent !, 
  my upvote, 
  you mean two jobs ? 
  arghh , for goodness sake you act more holier than thou than half the christians i know !, 
  jesus was speaking to an excessively wealthy man , who valued his money more than anything else . 
  it 's not wrong for christians to have money , even lots of it . 
  but if they are blessed , they are to give back to the poor and not necessarily everything they own . 
  love, 
  i believe it also states that if the laws are in contradiction to gods word , then they do not have to be followed . 
  this is why christians in countries with limited religious freedom are n't repenting , because it is ` of the law ' . 
  i doubt he was actually against you reading a bible since he was trying to shove the message down your throat . 
  he was just wanting you to do it at another time, 
  screw you man !, 
  at least they 're porting la noire ( at least last time i checked ), 
  yes the soul would go to heaven , and yes you would be forgiven of your sins if you were truly repentant , but taking of life is a sin and morally wrong . 
  murder is also against the law of every country on earth with a justice system , and so no matter where you are you would face prosecution if caught . 
  the bible teaches us to respect the rule of law , so long as it is not going against what god has taught , and so authorities would be justified by their system and by gods to imprison you . 
  so in short , nobody would support you , unless you repented of what you did ... and even then you 'd probably still be in jail . 
  yes the soul would go to heaven , and yes you would be forgiven of your sins if you were truly repentant , but taking of life is a sin and morally wrong . 
  murder is also against the law of every country on earth with a justice system , and so no matter where you are you would face prosecution if caught . 
  the bible teaches us to respect the rule of law , so long as it is not going against what god has taught , and so authorities would be justified by their system and by gods to imprison you . 
  so in short , nobody would support you , unless you repented of what you did ... and even then you 'd probably still be in jail . 
  yes the soul would go to heaven , and yes you would be forgiven of your sins if you were truly repentant , but taking of life is a sin and morally wrong . 
  murder is also against the law of every country on earth with a justice system , and so no matter where you are you would face prosecution if caught . 
  the bible teaches us to respect the rule of law , so long as it is not going against what god has taught , and so authorities would be justified by their system and by gods to imprison you . 
  so in short , nobody would support you , unless you repented of what you did ... and even then you 'd probably still be in jail . 
  yes the soul would go to heaven , and yes you would be forgiven of your sins if you were truly repentant , but taking of life is a sin and morally wrong . 
  murder is also against the law of every country on earth with a justice system , and so no matter where you are you would face prosecution if caught . 
  the bible teaches us to respect the rule of law , so long as it is not going against what god has taught , and so authorities would be justified by their system and by gods to imprison you . 
  so in short , nobody would support you , unless you repented of what you did ... and even then you 'd probably still be in jail . 
  ` discrimination ' is the one,
