  how dare they try to take it away from us !, 
  i love you autowikibot !!!, 
  reddit is n't a democracy . 
  the mods usually seek user feedback but they can technically do what they want . 
  congratulations brandon . 
  i found it a little ironic that on the `` atheists are n't jerks '' article they had a atheist acting like a jerk in the comments though . 
  i 'll have to get round to reading them all . 
  the ps1 classics library is fairly comprehensive though . 
  there 's a few rarer titles that are in demand , but most popular titles on ps1 : final fantasy , mgs , crash bandicoot , tekken etc are available . 
  surprisingly no gran turismo though . 
  i agree on the ps2 library . 
  if they updated it for support on vita + ps4 , they would get a lot more sales . 
  i agree they should sell ds titles digitally , but i think there 's more demand for snes + gba . 
  there are already a few 3d classics that are meant to be good , which are nes titles converted into 3d, 
  listen to his albums . 
  he may be incredibly arrogant but there 's a reason for it . 
  that 's really great . 
  i went to a htb service 2 years ago in the uk and i agree , it is one of the best in london . 
  there is http://www.reddit.com/r/loveproblems which i co-founded . 
  its been dead for a while though . 
  both are good but honestly , get mario 3d land + a link between worlds . 
  mario 3d land is the best game on 3ds, 
  i have extended family in invercargill yet i 've never been to stewart island !, 
  i 'm determined to get there next time since you can see wild kiwis there . 
  i do n't know if for work you have the luxury , but i 've got family in london and went over the second time last month . 
  first time we did it direct and it was just horrible but stopped in hong kong for a night on the way over , and it really does make a difference getting that extra few hours of sleep . 
  i 'm never flying more than 12 hours in one hit again . 
  that 's a very misguided view of how it happened . 
  so oppressed !, 
  you do n't have to be a sjw to find hitting women disgusting, 
  yeah , totally a conspiracy . 
  it 's not like people can go on the internet or buy a book about it . 
  most countries do n't have economics as part of the core curriculum . 
  how about using a subtitle like, 
  `` history for atheists - the historical myths of dawkins , harris and the four horsemen/new atheists debunked '', 
  that way your intent is better explained . 
  mongol is a biography of genghis khan/temujin . 
  it 's supposed to be a trilogy i think , with the second dealing with his ascent to power . 
  sounds like you have a great job . 
  mind sharing what camera you used ? 
  that almost sounds romantic . 
  i do n't believe in reincarnation but imagine if it was someone you deeply loved from another lifetime , calling out from the void . 
  wow . 
  such silence . 
  so awkward . 
  do you live in hong kong ? 
  i 'm thinking of moving there after i graduate , so i was just wondering . 
  trash ? 
  we have one of the best melodies in the whole world . 
  when you hear god save new zealand at the olympics it sounds so much better than half the generic marching band rip off tunes given to most nations . 
  holy shit . 
  i thought it was just `` the christian dark ages '' but they have an even bigger hole for `` the muslim dark ages !! '' . 
  the chart is somehow even worse than i remembered . 
  science is measured in science xp ( sxp ) . 
  the more laboratory 's you build , the more reasonable the population is . 
  that 's why we need more universities and labs built to counter the drain in science xp caused by religious buildings . 
  this is pretty much what happened in the enlightenment . 
  really ? 
  i find most people know at least the first verse in maori , even if the pronunciation is off . 
  certainly the lyrics are a bit outdated but they 're all quite patriotic so i like them . 
  at least were not signing about slitting our enemies throats like the french, 
  if there 's any confusion : metal gear solid v : ground zeroes is the prequel for the main game : metal gear solid v : the phantom pain . 
  praise god for your words of truth . 
  i feel the spirit moving over my keyboard now . 
  praise ken ham for showing the academic credentials of young earth creationism !, 
  i wish we had him here as a mod instead of the jewish and papist filth posing as christians . 
  remember , you 're either hellbound monkey trash or a godly warrior of truth . 
  no inbetweens . 
  any objection you have can be answered by reading your bible , friend !, 
  they did release an updated version of mgs 2 on xbox and pc , but omitted mgs 3 or 4 or peace walker . 
  only recently are they actually developing for the platform alongside playstation . 
  whatever you say buddy . 
  definitely not hd textures . 
  are you ... local ? 
  i used to get a mcflurry whenever overseas because they stopped them in new zealand . 
  now we have them again , i do n't bother getting them . 
  i do n't usually dine at mcdonalds when travelling , though there 's a spicy chicken burger in sri lanka that was quite nice . 
  this is the shittiest comment i 've ever read on this site . 
  well done . 
  i think your rump may have been rustled a little by ~ ~ people ~ ~ religious sheep ~ ~ having different opinions ~ ~ being wrong on the internet . 
  sit down and pour yourself a tasty , refreshing glass of mountain dew gentlesir/madam . 
  god i love you tim . 
  when 's your book coming out so i can throw money at it ? 
  personally i 'm hoping that the arguments have been worn out enough and perhaps the mythers will give it a break . 
  jesus historicity and hitler 's morality seem to be the two most frequent examples of bad history on reddit though . 
  factually correct is code for politically correct !!, 
  wake up america !, 
  dae christchurch is full of skinheads ? 
  fuck i 'm old . 
  `` thank you science '' - / u/soapbook ( c ) 2013, 
  #### thank you science, 
  ** what pony would you have sex with **, 
  ** pls respond tara !!!, 
  or switch over to another search engine . 
  bing is better for porn anyways . 
  i 'm amazed i made 21st in the world rankings . 
  or is the game not that popular ? 
  i do n't know . 
  if they got rid of the guy with the leopard print fedora it could have been alright . 
  so oppressed,
