  in communist societies other freedoms were supressed as well that made life miserable for believer and non-believer alike . 
  religion was bundled together with the other ` forbidden freedoms ' and was seen to be as desirable as freedom of speech merely because people were not educated on the psychological harm religion gave . 
  a mental patient acts irrationally and has delusions that can not be proven , as a society we recognize the damage these beliefs can cause and so prohibit them from interacting in society . 
  religion causes the believer to be deluded into something that can not be emperically proven it takes ` faith ' in order to believe . 
  this ` faith ' in a invisible divine being is just as irrational as the mental patients ` faith ' that he is the muffin man . 
  although we are a ` free ' society we do n't allow practices that cause harm to another human being . 
  i need n't mention the wars , genocides and sexual enslavement that has been practiced in the name of god , often endorsed by the particular beliefs holy book . 
  it is for these reasons - for the good of society that religion should be forbidden , and atheism be the only option . 
  good luck with that one . 
  i think revelation has done more harm than good personally . 
  it 's the most dangerous passage for biblical literalists because they do n't place it in it 's historical context within the roman empire and instead see every verse as relevant to their time period . 
  that 's not much to spend for bravery, 
  he does n't strike me as religious at all from his posts . 
  please guys , he does n't reflect all atheists i know that . 
  but , to deny that he 's an atheist is as bad as christians or anyone else denying that other assholes belong to their group . 
  this is brilliant, 
  a secular government yes . 
  to have a secular society we need to strip all references of religious heritage and mentions of religion in public , something i am strongly against . 
  wow , beat romney in 08 . 
  doubt santorum or gingrich 's support will be big up there so hopefully we can take it . 
  he 'd have to publicly come out as a christian definitely . 
  fair and balanced, 
  we heard you the first time dear, 
  do n't forget obama . 
  obama is a secret closeted atheist who 's so repressed by the fundies that he ca n't come out . 
  i know this because he is n't crazy and therefore ca n't be christian . 
  what a derriere . 
  if this is is to continue it may be hard to contain my lechery . 
  it is . 
  god does n't torture people , no loving god would . 
  it all depends on your notion of what hell is . 
  we should all get along , yes i agree with you . 
  however we wo n't neccessarily ever believe the same things , but we should try to do our best to live with our differences , absolutely . 
  none of the delegates have been allocated for the caucuses , they 're just going off the vote count to get the indication . 
  it 's easy to tell estimates for the primaries because they 're usually either proportional or winner take all and always reflect the actual vote count . 
  with caucuses it 's actually impossible to tell until the county convention as it 's not always indicative of the actual vote . 
  paul may have ` won ' nevada , maine , colorado , iowa etc so far and that 's what his campaign is reporting . 
  if his supporters were the ones that stuck around for the delegate selection then it 's possible he 's in second or even first place . 
  you ca n't ` estimate ' a caucus state , period . 
  you only ever find out the results at the state convention . 
  ` how i feel as an atheist wanting upvotes ... ', 
  yes religion can drive the crazies but religion also can drive the nice ladies at the soup kitchen as well . 
  this is the problem with sweeping generalizations : when you only focus on the negative , you ignore all redeeming qualities of what you 're looking at . 
  people do n't need to know how they work , only how to use them . 
  - basic understanding of the legal system, 
  - basic diy, 
  - personal finance, 
  - basic i.t, 
  - world geography + history, 
  rape can be counseled for even though it will take years to get over with , murder can never be fixed . 
  i 've always had my doubts about satan and demons , but i have heard of many stories like yours . 
  people dabbling in astral projection and satanism and experiencing what they would be certain to call demons . 
  i think what 's warranted here is a ` get behind me satan ' confrontation . 
  the moment you start experiencing these things shout `` in the name of jesus , i command you to leave me demons . '', 
  stand strong and do n't be scared , know that god is in control but most importantly proclaim `` in the name of jesus , get behind me satan !, 
  i do not accept these thoughts . '', 
  again i 'm no expert , but evangelical pastors and others that believe in exorcisms would tell you this advice . 
  does the catholic church have any resources on this ? 
  is there any information online about how to distinguish between a mental illness and something demonic ? 
  ` moderate conservatives ' would be a good term as opposed to ` nutjob bible thumping conservatives ( minus ron paul ) ', 
  how are you guys going to live without the nhs ? 
  traitors to her majesty !, 
  you 'll lose your um ... free portraits of the queen !, 
  somaliland is like the kurdistan of somalia . 
  it 's almost entirely seperate in terms of security worrys but is still officially part of the country, 
  yes, 
  the first question here would be if the war was justified . 
  if it was an unprovoked war against a country that posed no real threat of attacking us or a war based on greed then it 's not justified . 
  fighting should only be done in self defence . 
  i do n't think so as those who really hold secrets would be tortured anyways . 
  it should n't be accepted . 
  because it deprives them of life on earth which is what god intended . 
  i do n't think it ever was . 
  japan was going to surrender anyways . 
  let 's not forget that they were n't dropped together , it was ( 3 ? ), 
  days later that the second bomb was dropped . 
  if the first was ever justified to send a powerful message , the second sure as hell was n't, 
  absolutely against it . 
  i think prolonged misery in a prison cell would have been more justifiable for saddam or any other mass murderer than death . 
  genetics has n't shown any sign of homosexuality occuring so far , so i 'd doubt it . 
  there are also a lot of doubts as to it 's evolutionary function . 
  if they 're ` born that way ' there 's no credible evidence that 's shown it to be genetically true ( as far as i 'm aware , do correct me if i 'm wrong ), 
  look up a dictionary, 
  well i think the greeks were onto something with their three definitions of love . 
  brotherly love , sexual love , affectionate love and unconditional love . 
  god falls into the latter category , most love in our life falls between a mix of the first 4 . 
  perfect love can only ever come from god , but we can certainly experience a good taste of it here . 
  honestly what better way to describe ` true ' love between a man and a woman than 1 corinthians 13:4 ( love is patient , love is kind ... ), 
  no , we have been ` blessed to be a blessing ' as scripture puts it . 
  we should n't covet onto our possessions so much that we can not live without them , however if we do have money and comfortable lives then we should do our duty and give away what we can to our fellow man . 
  kindness is contagious , when we do well to others we get back what we give . 
  god no . 
  ` conservative ' to all of them except probably ron paul means socially conservative . 
  it does n't mean fiscally conservative - they 're happy to spend all the money like the democrats , it really only means social now , which is often a bad way to be . 
  edit : i 'm aware it seems hypocritical of me to not provide a definition of justice but a long winded one for love . 
  i think we are quite well aware of the concept of justice so i did n't think i needed to be eleborate . 
  i think impartiality is a very important part of it however , but love is often more confusing than justice . 
  no prominent historian has ever questioned that jesus existed . 
  as for other historical claims in the bible many are reliable ( history of jewish kingdom , jesus , tribes , judea in roman empire etc ) many are not ( worldwide flood , exodus etc ) there 's never been a real debate about jesus existance , only what he did . 
  i absolutely agree .
