  the only issue here is informing the partner and it 's their choice if they wish to continue or embark on the realtionship once told . 
  if so great , if not great because with a relationship both parties should know . 
  it comes across as explotitive and untrusting if a partner is not informed of something ( and it is very important in a sexually active relationship ) as important as whether their sexual organs are properly functional/authentic . 
  you 're delusional or very naive if you think it wo n't come up and will not affect the state and trust of the relationship and how transexuals are perceived if they do n't inform their partner . 
  these are still tied to your account though right ? 
  you can redownload them ? 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  it 's those that do n't question and explore their faith are the ones that complain the most . 
  i wish i could get stairway ... 
  no , it 's being linked on / r/subredditdrama or / r/bestof . 
  / r/bestof killed / r/circlebroke and would have killed / r/askhistorians if their mod team was n't as good as it was . 
  actually the only reason good subs exist is because the mods are good . 
  the more mods the merrier as far as i 'm concerned . 
  take a look at / r/atheism if you want to see what happens to an unmodded subreddit . 
  i think every commercial needs a neckbeard explaining why it 's exploitative and what emotions they 're trying to instill in you . 
  reddit.com - where middle class suburban kids playing video games on computers that cost more than what most of the world makes in a year happen to be the most oppressed people ever, 
  stupid car company i wo n't fall for your devious tricks . 
  i do n't even need a truck !, 
  what 's that ? 
  omg new sci fi pc game !, 
  hnnngggg do want , do want !!, 
  did you not see the ad ? 
  they had a sterotypical unshaved neckbeard portraying a `` nerd '' . 
  it was n't unfair to call the guy `` disgusting '' because it was exactly what they portraying the character as . 
  this is always struck me as some sort of geographical fallacy . 
  if you 're born in norway then you 're more likely to be raised an atheist , does that have any bearing on atheism 's validity ? 
  it 's actually about both . 
  the relationship exists within the religion . 
  i 'm really not surprised and that 's absolutely disgusting what happened . 
  my father committed suicide 2 years ago and we had people from my current church as well as the pastor from my former church come round and offer so much support . 
  my former pastor told a story of how one of the most famous hymn writers in history committed suicide and how though it may be a sin there is nothing that seperates us between god after what jesus did for us . 
  i honestly ca n't comprehend someone being so cruel and besides that so blatantly misinterpreting the bible . 
  if your father believed in god then he would be in heaven according to pretty much every theologian i 've read . 
  i just want to say sorry and i hope you know most of us christians are disgusted by actions like that . 
  this is so low effort it does n't even belong in low effort friday . 
  you need to flesh out the post more , at least link to a comment instead of the entire thread . 
  did n't you hear . 
  we 're all born `` atheist '' accordng to / r/atheism . 
  how the hell that argument actually get upvotes amazes me , even for them . 
  i 've read god is not great and quite a few of his vanity fair articles as a christian and thought they were very well written . 
  i have n't touched the god delusion yet though but at least hitchens thought out his arguments properly . 
  i disagree . 
  it definitely needs more moderation though but what it really needs is to stop being a default . 
  you can have whatever beliefs you want just do n't force them on the rest of the population . 
  in this case however the argument is applying to atheism which is rather ironic since it 's one of the most common atheist arguments . 
  nobody does but it 's the idiots that try to define themselves by their atheism and push it on others that give atheists on this site a bad name . 
  as it is in real life with pretty much all religious extremists . 
  you 're joking right ? 
  did you not hear of the purges under mao and stalin in russia and china ? 
  most communist countries have had big crackdowns on religion at some point in their history . 
  obviously north korea as well ... 
  problem , theist ? 
  seriously ? 
  dolphin is one of the easiest emulators out there . 
  pcsx2 however ... 
  for emulation you need to multiply the speed of the original processor by almost four times so no , it wo n't work . 
  they have decent moderation unlike / r/atheism . 
  no you did n't !!!!, 
  reported . 
  it amazes me that there are people who think complaining about being `` friendzoned '' is going to help them get into a relationship . 
  literally the anti christ . 
  how can we trust this man to lead america when he probably ca n't even sideload apps ? 
  you ca n't put linux on ps3 anymore last time i checked . 
  sony disabled it, 
  only with custom firmware . 
  you would need to pay a modchip installer outfit to downgrade/flash it for you and then install custom firmware 4.30 . 
  are you kidding ? 
  he 's got a top of the line laptop with dedicated graphics . 
  of course he could , i can run it ok on my 2 year old top line one as well . 
  you 're much better using a ps3 controller with a program called motionjoy . 
  for pcsx2 look for some beginner guides but know that since you use isos ( disc images ) instead of cartridges you need to get a bios file as well as the emulator . 
  x post from how i feel . 
  `` how i feel when i corrected my science professor '', 
  how can one gif be so brave ? 
  no i 'm not , look at the specs of the laptop before you dismiss it . 
  pcsx2 is pretty compatible now , maybe you 're running an outdated build ? 
  because it 's the exact same button mapping , so when they say push x you actually push the x button . 
  it just sort of makes it more authentic and is good for ps1 and psp emulation too . 
  hey applebees . 
  since i do n't like in amerikkka i 'm not even affected by what you do , but i just wanted to say fuck you for oppressing atheists . 
  thank you . 
  yes , get a usb multi plug/hub . 
  360 controllers have native support for most pc games coming out now and are still good for emulation but if you have a ps3 controller i 'd use that with motionjoy . 
  no it 's easy . 
  just follow this http://www.motioninjoy.com/wiki/en/install/latest, 
  once you get it set up you run it with the ps2 emulator and identify it as the ps3 controller . 
  so he 's an actor now as well ? 
  pfft , talk about a 1 % er . 
  not le europe unfortunately but still, 
  new zealand  united theocracy of amerikkika amirite ? 
  one of our le [ scientists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ernest_rutherford ) split the atom . 
  i watched anna karenina the other night and they had british accents . 
  what the hell ? 
  why would you not have a russian accent , it 's just ridiculous . 
  i suppose they think it sounds classy and is n't american so they go with it . 
  that 's nowhere near as long as it needs to be even for an abridged version . 
  i 'm so glad i 'm surrounded by such intellectuals on msf . 
  sagan bless you my brother in reason . 
  this is just too painful . 
  did msf get hold of this ?
