  that 's really surprising . 
  i visited as a tourist and there were clearly plenty of other tourists in the city center . 
  went and saw the cathedral , had a look round the shops and bought a fantastic cornish pasty . 
  we only spent about four hours there , but it was one of my favourite places i visited in the south west . 
  speaking as someone who bought one secondhand early last year , i would say no . 
  i was hoping the homebrew scene would develop and snes + gba emulators would come out like on the psp . 
  as others have said if you like jrpgs it 's a good system , but the first party titles are all dried up . 
  gravity rush is fantastic but it 's on ps4 now , likewise tearaway . 
  killzone was pretty good on it and the hd remasters are good too , but they 're all on ps3 as well, 
  so in short : no . 
  if you want to buy a dying console with a really good library , get a wii u instead . 
  is n't that what mario party 9 did too ? 
  nsmb is a great game though . 
  the lack of gamepad support for multiplayer is a weird choice , but i find it plays best with a wiimote anyways . 
  at least the zelda level was cool, 
  i asumme all those listed other than color smash are virtual console titles . 
  you missed pokken tournament and hyrule warriors, 
  i always assumed gran turismo 3 was a launch title . 
  the first year it came out in new zealand my best friend had it bundled with jak & daxter and gt3 . 
  those graphics were mind blowing to an eight year olds eye . 
  you mean botw or paper mario ? 
  i ca n't think of anything else coming out . 
  well actually considering the prices on the e-shop i think nintendo did know their audience . 
  physical sales are still far higher on the wii u. 
  oh right , sorry i thought you were referring specifically to the wii u. i agree , the ps4 has n't seen half of its best ips come out yet . 
  the world does not operate on the unbridled idealism of the schengen area . 
  try overstaying your visa on the next holiday you take and you 'll find that human beings can very much be considered `` illegal '' . 
  we 're only ever entitled to live somewhere over than our birthplaces if we can offer something to the place we wish to move to . 
  speaking as a new zealander , drive through atms being seen as a necessity is something i ca n't comprehend . 
  normal atms are ubiquitous here - in every shopping mall and commercial street corner , and there is n't a single drive through atm in the country . 
  honestly if you had told me a `` drive through atm '' was from some british comedy skit mocking americans i would n't have been surprised . 
  you 're advised to cover the pinpad with your hands , but people will just wait in line if there 's a queue . 
  i suppose we do n't really have as many dodgy areas in our cities as america , but i 've never been afraid of being mugged as they 're always located in a public area . 
  how many muslim friends do you have then ? 
  adventure , the gba ones and generations were good . 
  also there is literally nothing wrong with owning a wii u, 
  chatham islands or bust, 
  [ yep , three of them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sonic_advance ) . 
  they were just like the old style ones on genesis . 
  i only ever emulated them and they ran fine . 
  the reason many people in the uk see it as a trade region , or hope it is one is because that was exactly what they joined when they were accepted into the eec in 1973 . 
  the changes towards an ever closer federal eu were never wanted by the uk , and would have been rejected had they been on offer in 1973 . 
  in terms of research funding you 're correct . 
  in terms of overall eu funds , the uk pays out more than they receive . 
  and the only way to counter chinese bullying is via the might of the us . 
  nz and asean do n't have the naval or diplomatic weight that the us carries . 
  i 'm still betting on virtual reality being the gimmick for nx rather than portability . 
  a vr inclusive console for the same price and power as a ps4 would definitely shift units , and it goes alongside their insistence on putting some sort of gimmick or feature that distinguishes them for sony/ms . 
  you can format a usb drive or external hard drive for extra storage . 
  come fly with me was pretty good though, 
  when did bic start selling cameras ? 
  i thought pens were their line of trade . 
  that was roosevelt, 
  thanks man , i see it on the site now . 
  just strange they have events on friday and thursday before the ceremony . 
  did n't they release a garbage one on wii u ? 
  hong kong is not a mandarin speaking city . 
  call it by its proper name . 
  it 's not a mandarin speaking city . 
  hong kongers never call it xianggang , and the only reason you are is to try and convince westerners here that locals are happy with the ccp eroding the culture and language of the city . 
  yes , and xianggang is not the cantonese name . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's like calling beijing , peking . 
  no local would ever use the term , only foreigners and to do so has negative connotations . 
  honestly i think you need to be in the hardware business as well . 
  samsung and apple could both release consoles , but i do n't know about google unless they bought a major mobile hardware company . 
  i preferred brave new world to 1984 , and the conversation between the savage and the world controller is still one of the best written passages of all time . 
  an underrated dystopian series is the chung kuo books , set in a fictional future where china takes over the world . 
  i thought it was overrated , but i would n't say it was bad . 
  just unsubstantial . 
  to say it 's the `` worst book you 've ever read '' is indicative of someone having read very little though . 
  if you read it as a work of fiction instead of appreciating it as a sort of historic text-book reference , then sure it does n't read well . 
  some books are worse than others , and it all depends on the translation you read as well . 
  you can read the new testament ( bar revelation ) like a novel , but i agree that the minor prophets in the old testament have little literary merit to them . 
  the thing is so expansive and so incredibly influential it 's not fair to say the entire thing is terrible , because it 's an anthology of various historic writings , and some have aged better than others . 
  we should bomb the french , as an act of revenge for rainbow warrior . 
  i mean they 've already had a few terror attacks this year , what 's one more ? 
  in what quantity though ? 
  immigration can do wonders for the economy , but only if managed properly . 
  there are issues with a brain drain in the southern european countries at the moment , due to their economic woes . 
  many spanish and greek doctors moved to germany and wealthier countries . 
  if labour movement is disproportionately skewed in one direction , it can hurt their home country . 
  i 'm aware immigrants send money back , but the effect on their service sector is n't going to be fixed by private bank transfers . 
  but what if the brain drain means there is a lack of doctor 's in their home countries ? 
  if salaries are much higher in northern europe/scandinavia and the economic climate is dismal in their home countries , then of course they 're going to move . 
  the problem is no skilled professional is going to move to greece when in the same union you have the right to move to a much wealthier countries . 
  nobody is replacing those doctors or skilled professionals that are leaving , and that 's going to cause problems at home . 
  within schengen unlike here there is zero regulation . 
  both skilled and unskilled labour comes , even if there is n't a demand in the market for them . 
  with unskilled labour and limited job opportunities , it opens up the door for worker exploitation as well . 
  [ this article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/may/11/gangsters-on-our-doorstep ) is a good read over the criminal treatment towards eastern european migrants moving to the uk . 
  i personally think that free movement is a flawed policy , unless you have countries of near equal financial parity . 
  our agreement with aus works well because our gdp per capita is closer . 
  however if we had fiji , samoa etc in a sort of pacfiic free movement treaty , and pacific islanders moving here knowing wages are four-five times higher , you would see a huge brain drain from their countries . 
  i would suggest trying them in co-op . 
  legends on wii u is incredibly fun , as it has exclusive gameplay mechanics for co-op . 
  republicanism will probably gain a bit of traction when elizabeth dies , but most people are in favour of the status quo . 
  new zealanders are generally pretty laid back and that manifests itself in political apathy . 
  canada 's old red ensign was nicer than the leaf imo . 
  south africa left the commonwealth before apartheid , so that was a different matter,
