  no me too . 
  touchwiz only has a reputation because of the earlier versions . 
  ics up from the sg2 its been fine, 
  teach , the children well, 
  give them guns , and assualt rifles, 
  and feed , them on the word, 
  those crime statistics , will surely go by !!, 
  no i think in this context it 's a legitimate comparison . 
  if anything zoophillias probably more legitimate than poophilia or whatever the label is for scat attraction . 
  as a circlejerk i too believe / r/circlejerk is atheist, 
  source / r/atheism, 
  i gave you an upvote because you agree with me . 
  bravo to you good sir . 
  what 's getting rid of healthcare ? 
  a blood sacrifice . 
  p.s i 'm not in heaven ; i 'm dead . 
  so humble, 
  why are you literally oppressing us faithsmashers by hogging all the gold ~ ~ klaatu ~ ~ capaneu ? 
  the body of sagan was broken for all of us , not just some elect gold card carrying , phd pretending cultural faithsmasher . 
  he was literally the ultimate christian by being the christhitler !!, 
  this is bravery defined !, 
  fuck on off to / r/iamastupidfundiesheeple concern troll, 
  cuz hez bad nd shit . 
  dae enlightened by their intelligence upvoting web comics ? 
  i 'm afraid that the teachings of the book of cosmos have compelled me to disagree . 
  `` every one of us is , in the cosmic perspective , precious . 
  if a human disagrees with you , let him live . 
  in a hundred billion galaxies , you will not find another . '', 
  we are each precious and unique atheist individuals . 
  we are also equal in the eyes of sagan . 
  it speaks as if sagan did not wish for the mods to have authority . 
  and yet reading the book of contact ( which you mods have hidden from the common atheist ) this is truly confirmed . 
  some mod or other is always fixing and poking , messing around with tradesmen 's wives , giving tablets on mountains , commanding you to mutilate your children , telling people what words they can say and what words they ca n't say , making people feel guilty about enjoying themselves , and like that . 
  why ca n't mods leave well enough alone ? 
  all this intervention speaks of incompetence . '', 
  you claim that sagan tells us to respect the mods but it is not the mods who have power , it is us . 
  you hide behind sagans teachings as if you 're an authority of them . 
  we bow down to your decisions on the teachings of sagan and yet sagan never intended for you to have this power . 
  from this day on i no longer bow down to the one true subreddit : / r/magicskyfairy . 
  although it may have been founded by sagans protege it has been corrupted by power . 
  fellow atheists rise !, 
  we shall no longer be oppressed . 
  we shall share the wealth and teachings that sagans word brings . 
  we will no longer be chained to the word of twenty_one , or the word of caperneu or the word of filletsack but sagans word alone !, 
  any game that is from two console generations ago is considered `` old '' since video games are such a young medium . 
  his is pretty bad but you go in knowing what you get . 
  ricky gervais 's on the other hand ... 
  also those replies on dawkins page `` did you know that it is illegal to run for any elected office in 7 states if you are a self proclaimed atheist ? '', 
  did you know it 's ok to shoot welsh people on a sunday in some small english town ? 
  omg they have outdated laws that nobody ever enforces . 
  oppression !!!, 
  at least none of them are professional quote makers, 
  it 's completely unprofessional to give personal details period . 
  yes they did a shitty thing but doing a shitty thing in return is not the way to act , especially if you want to keep a job . 
  praise the lord !, 
  is that a mexican bible verse or what ? 
  do it while she 's in her workout . 
  she 'll be too flustered to say no ... try and get her to scribble on the marriage contract at the same time . 
  i did n't listen to it but it 's probably because she 's a fundie prude . 
  i wish someone would criticize the us healthcare system . 
  i 've been meaning to do it so many times but ... i dunno , i guess i need moral support . 
  wo n't somebody please criticize it with me ? 
  anybody ? 
  i wish i was n't so unique and intelligent . 
  why ca n't other pseudo intellectuals criticize america ? 
  are we really the only ones out there ? 
  `` peace is not possible when people believe in invisble magic deities . 
  love is not possible when the source is the antithesis of morality . 
  hope comes from knowing we 'll all die someday and we have to live our lives here , in this moment . 
  though i have nothing but my mind to give , but i give it / r/atheism , because i believe in a better future . 
  a godless future . '', 
  like hitlerstians ( hitler christians aka nazis ) or the christazi party, 
  le le le !!!!, 
  no true scientist !, 
  are you a professional sciencemaker ? 
  if i was his mother i would have banned him playing starfox . 
  he took the fantasy too far . 
  what a le sir, 
  was it the ramones that sung that song, 
  `` i wan na be a may-may '', 
  ^ this comment did n't make me laugh but reminded me of laughter . 
  sorry for breaking the jerk but could you link to that again ? 
  i think we 're assuming americans as the english civil war is n't mentioned that much . 
  in a sence . 
  starfox is a video game series . 
  the `` fur '' character he thinks is his girlfriend is off a game in the series called starfox adventures . 
  plot twist : people make puns because they see other people getting upvotes for them and want validation . 
  and who would n't offer to pay for two strangers meals ? 
  no within the last year or so ( and especially after faces of atheism ) the majority of comments seem to call out / r/atheism for their shitty memes and juvenile attacks on religious groups . 
  this has lead to the creation of / r/antiatheismwatch which i 'm sorry to report is a serious sub . 
  i frequent / r/magicskyfairy quite a lot but i think i would n't make fun of the sub so much if it was n't a default . 
  the problem ca n't be fixed simply by the users , the real problem is the lack of moderation . 
  / u/jij has done his best job but the laissez faire approach just does n't work with a sub that big . 
  get rid of it as a default and it will all go away like magic . 
  this is fundie privilege . 
  down voting us just for being atheist . 
  the us treats its poor elderly and prisoners far better than many other developed countries . 
  just because a european country with 5 % of the population treats people better does n't mean america is n't developed . 
  same sex marriage was barely even a concept 30 years ago , nobody except the most ardent of lgbt people even considered the idea . 
  fast forward past the aids scandal of the 80s and the homoesexual acceptance through media and hollywood of the 90s and massive pushes by lgbt groups to get people on side and it became legal in a few european countries in early 2000s .
