  ... i forgot !, 
  i got my slingshot account upgraded the other day , and it 's fantastic . 
  i 've seen offers like this in the past , and they usually want you to sign up to a phone contract , so i was a little suspect when i saw it . 
  i signed up using the ` upgrade account ' method since i was already with them , and after filling in some details it offered options like italk , homeline and other phone related services i did n't want . 
  so i emailed them asking if it really was just internet we could opt for , and a day later they upgraded my account !, 
  it 's a bit of a weird sign up form , so just email slingshot specifying you do n't want the phone service and they should do it for you, 
  ( if these are n't loading try viewing in reddit enhancement suite . 
  do n't forget to upvote ! ), 
  i was wondering this . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the whole purpose of onlive is that the actual game content is ran and stored on a machine ( computer ) at their end . 
  the content is then streamed in real time back to you as you play it . 
  could n't a service like this be done with a 360 at least ( since most pc gamers already have the controller ) or is this not feasible . 
  am i brave guys ? 
  i downloaded some project gutenberg books and manually put them on my kindle . 
  my kindles having screen problems so amazon is sending me a replacement . 
  however , i 've done some extensive highlighting on 2 books in particular , and did n't wish to type them all out . 
  so is there a way to transfer the highlights from books that are n't in my account ? 
  we can do this !, 
  hurt me good r/atheism !, 
  upvotes to the left people !, 
  hi r/techsupport recently i 've been having trouble with youtube on my laptop . 
  i use both firefox and chrome . 
  i 've got the latest version of flash player ( updates automatically on chrome ) and the latest version of each browser . 
  any other flash application works perfectly , i can watch dailymotion , streaming movie sites , vimeo , flash games etc but youtube has problems . 
  when i open firefox for the first time i can get to youtube no problem , but after watching about 5 videos it has trouble connecting to the site and wo n't load videos . 
  this is when i usually go to chrome , but the same thing happens there and after a couple of videos ` the application is working incorrectly ' and i have either close the browser and get it working again . 
  i 'm having trouble with actually saving videos in a playlist when i have it open as well . 
  i 'm a bit stumped by this , i ca n't have blocked the site since it loads so i 'm wondering if there 's some flash player max video restriction for the site enabled ... i could use some help here !, 
  just an edit for specs . 
  running windows 7 64bit , a hp pavillion dv6 i bought last year i5 , 4gigs ram so it 's certainly not performance that 's the issue !, 
  hi there r/techsupport, 
  i use notepad a lot , probably more than most people . 
  i have the program pinned to the taskbar and like to pin the txt files i most frequently use to the taskbar icon . 
  any file i recently open in notepad can be pinned by right clicking on the taksbar icon and selecting ` pin to this list ' however after shutting down they do n't seem to last ... the list of pinned items ends up empty . 
  is there anything i can do to keep them pinned permanently ? 
  taken from this thread, 
  i should let you know i 've never played a shenmue game . 
  i 've seen videos on youtube and have been impressed by them , but i 've never owned a dreamcast so did n't have a chance . 
  with sega 's recent release of dreamcast classics for digital download ( i believe it was crazy taxi , space channel 5 and sonic adventure ) why not re-release some of the best received games of the console : shenmue 1 + 2 . 
  the shenmue fan base has been calling out for shenmue 3 for a long time . 
  according to this interview by series creator yu suzuki ( http://au.games.ign.com/articles/121/1215772p1.html ) there are 11 chapters in the saga and we 've seen only 6 of them . 
  bear in mind this interview is from only two months ago , so it 's not like the momentum for a sequel has dried up . 
  although i 've never played the games , a digital release would be an opportunity for many more people like me to play them and also for sega to realize there is a big fan base who would give them a lot of money to see the finale of the franchise . 
  so r/gaming are you guys with me ? 
  do you want to see a shenmue re-release and sequel ? 
  r/atheism is starting to piss me off . 
  they sit around complacently upvoting memes , talking the talk occasionally but never putting their words into action . 
  249 readers ? 
  this shit is unbelievable . 
  we need to have more bite in what we do . 
  to think that religion is growing right now as we speak . 
  someone will be having their bar mitzvah , some poor child will be praying , deludedly thinking it will make their lives any better . 
  this is brainwashing . 
  do n't people get that !, 
  fuck god , and fuck religion . 
  i have discovered fellow soldiers of reason in / r/militantatheism . 
  unfortunately , there are only 249 people subscribed !, 
  this really is n't good enough , we need to band together with our fellow faithsmashers and shine the light of reason ever brighter . 
  magicskyfairy is wonderful for sharing the news of / r/atheism , but for a g0dless subreddit with more bite , we should begin to post here . 
  let 's make / r/militantatheism an army of glistening neckbeards . 
  feel free to post your long tirades of oppression and persecution in fundie jew-run amerikkka . 
  brave posts such as, 
  where the oppressive israeli tourist board want to cram propogander bible filth in his 27 second science lesson , show the ** oppression ** we atheists face today . 
  it 's time to unite and rally together with / r/militantatheism, 
  if you 're literally not convinced about being militant , our prophet nukethepope has spoken these wise words, 
  ** `` but if the us succumbs to theocracy , then its resulting economic collapse will certainly be felt in europe ; that 's if the rapture ready folks do n't get their way and we get ww3 started in the middle east . 
  fallout from that would be literally felt in europe , and we 'd have a small-time , high-tech dark ages '' **, 
  wake up and join the godless revolution !, 
  hi r/web _ design, 
  i 've been wanting to do a project for a while and i 've got the perfect name , however it seems that it is already owned by a company . 
  the site is n't being used , it 's just sitting there to get addclicks , so i 'm sure the company would sell it . 
  i saw godaddy have agents that specialize in it , but i do n't want to deal with them . 
  besides their service costs $ 80 just for investigating it , in addition to paying the cost of the domain . 
  i 've been looking at suggestions and it seems like dreamhost and hostgator look good for hosts , but they do n't seem to offer domain buying services . 
  before i contact the company about selling , does anyone know the legal processes required ? 
  tl : dr help a brother out . 
  hi / r/greece, 
  i 'm interested to know what the property market is like at the moment in the coastal towns and islands . 
  obviously your country is going through some major financial woes at the moment and so it makes sense that the market will have changed , but . 
  how much would it cost to buy a holiday house in cyclades , cephalonia , nafpolion , santorini ... really any of the islands or coastal towns with modern ammenities like the internet . 
  any hidden costs or property tips would be appreciated . 
  if the market is good it 's possible my family might be interested in buying property . 
  thanks for any help that can be given . 
  i 've seen there are lots of shopping list apps out there but i was wondering if there was one that allowed easy sharing of lists . 
  my mum will be getting an android phone soon and it would be nice if i could send what supplies to get quickly and conveniently through the app over wifi/3g or bluetooth . 
  anyone know of an app ? 
  i 'm a firm believer in the `` science spirit '' that science can motivate and empower us to do wonderful things . 
  throughout history many have had the science spirit , newton , einstein , gallileo , sagan . 
  all wonderful men devoted to advancing human progress and the cause of science . 
  seeing a recent post showing a young atheist girl who was raising money for cancer research juxtaposed with some idiot christians lining up for bigots chicken really brought home how science empowers us to do beyond what we normally do . 
  it 's with this science spirit that we realize , as sagan said `` the cosmos is also within us '' . 
  we should reconcile our godlessness with this science spirit , and show the world atheists can do wonderful things as we have science alive within us . 
  thanks for reading , 
  we can do it reddit !, 
  i 'm a mansgender living in a smallish conservative city . 
  last week at the department store i was trying out and smelling ladies perfume samples , since i love the smell . 
  the shop assistant comes up to me and asks, 
  `` sir , why are you smelling the womens perfume . 
  we have an extensive male selection available '', 
  i like the smell , that 's the truth .
