  you really ca n't beat the integration to the local network , no ipad or android comes close . 
  for your use case needing to access your desktop files frequently i think you 'd fit the surface well . 
  why not just tether your mobile connection to it ? 
  it 's easy on android at least . 
  fitting given that his username is nzsheeple, 
  another mostly irrelevant north island city similar to tauranga and palmerston . 
  instead of a tick i drew a blunt . 
  came here to say tenei, 
  end of generation . 
  the ps4 's swan song ... 
  that 's what they all say, 
  ** nobody cares that hone has gone , willie jackson . 
  give it a break . 
  fuck off national shill . 
  you and the rest of this mod team were in on this . 
  fuck this stupid country , i 'm going to sweden . 
  gareth is rolling over in his sustainable new zealand water bed right now . 
  no the main opposition party is a center left party called labour . 
  their main coallition partner , the greens did n't do as well as was hoped either . 
  the main cause of bad publicity was a book released called `` dirty politics '' that consisted of leaked emails , showing that the national party and more specifically the justice minister , was unlawfully providing sensitive info to right wing bloggers . 
  then they 'll still be in pain as there 's no sexual aspect to it . 
  oh my god that 's terrible . 
  it looks like some stall owner proposed it when he discovered word 's save in html feature . 
  definitely a coincidence but if you zoom at 200 % it almost looks like it 's responsive for tablets . 
  that was so forced i actually laughed at that one . 
  i do n't think there 's any argument that wacom pens are better to be honest . 
  it 's just an argument as to how good the n trig is with less pressure sensitivity . 
  pokemon , at least within a year or two . 
  i disagree with craig on a lot of issues but i think a 4 % threshold should still be enough to at least get a single seat in parliament . 
  for me , the fact that they latched onto hone harawira , a man who founded his party on racial divide and poorly thought out populist policies , was what convinced me to disregard them . 
  if the internet party was just laila haire i would have strongly considered voting for them . 
  she strikes me as a genuine and likeable politician . 
  our publicly funded tvnz news should be doing a better job though . 
  i agree that fairfax and co are mostly about attracting headlines to get money . 
  stuff is infamous for it . 
  some people have said the coverage on 3 , a for profit channel was even better than tv1 's . 
  it would be nice if our national news could be closer to the quality of the bbcs . 
  if we had a tv license fee it probably would be . 
  ah of course , that makes sense . 
  even a few years ago there were n't `` hd '' phones . 
  you 're beautiful baby , keep mutilating yourself . 
  cloudbursting  all, 
  as a le faggot * ( ftfy ) i 'm happy to speak on behalf of everyone else . 
  80 years ago perhaps but tertiary was free for many years , giving more people a chance at higher education . 
  i certainly agree that our standard of english has decreased now . 
  i object to paying for public high school as well but the fee is negligable . 
  for multiple children it caps at $ 200 . 
  considering it 's only once a year and for more struggling families it may only be level one that they sit , i do n't think it 's unfair . 
  i am sure the school can assist if the family genuinely can not pay the exam fee . 
  the school uniforms and stationary cost far more than that fee . 
  while in principle i think we should scrap it , in practice the government can not afford to subsidize every additional cost associated with education like school uniforms . 
  this is the best usb hub i 've ever used . 
  all the chinese knock off 's i tried either had an inflexible chord or would pull under the weight of four cables . 
  i have it permanently hooked up for 4 external hard drives . 
  it only has enough power for one portable external hard drive used in tandem with plugged ones , but that 's true of all usb powered hubs . 
  i 'm not surprised this is in uk , where they have some of the strictest parking laws around . 
  people are very uptight about parking as well . 
  when we visited st ives we parked on the main street into town and a lady watched us out of her window . 
  she then came out of the house and told us to `` watch your parking . 
  you better not hit my car '' . 
  my brother lives in london and has to be careful about visiting relatives in different neighbourhoods and scheduling the time as well . 
  there are hours you ca n't park on the street unless you have a designated sticker or something . 
  hong kong rental prices are terrible . 
  you can have a look here http://hongkonghomes.com/ one of the biggest reasons is mainland chinese buying appartments as unlike the mainland , you can actually own houses rather than lease them almost indefinitely . 
  most of the population lives in public housing as standard apartments can be near a million pounds . 
  transport costs , food and other things are quite affordable as the average wage is lower , but home ownership is now a dream for all but the richest in hong kong . 
  i highly doubt it 's more expensive than london, 
  the hong kong dollar is pegged to the usd . 
  property prices are disproportionately higher in hong kong due to limited space and foreign ( read mainland chinese ) investors driving prices up . 
  they still have the worlds most expensive retail street in hong kong , by a large margin . 
  you 're equivocating unnecessary head gear with raping babies . 
  just think about your comparison for a moment . 
  ( meta ) i am asking you to fulfil your promise to burn mark driscoll 's book . 
  a lot of people would have loved to have had a `` cushy job '' so maybe not the best move leaving that one . 
  i 'm doing a it degree at polytech at the moment , try telogis http://careers.telogis.com/contact/ . 
  the it dept sent out a bunch of job positions the other day and they 're looking to expand . 
  also have you tried jade ? 
  they give a lot of jobs out to graduates at polytech and people use it as a stepping stone to an overseas career , so they often have job positions available . 
  if location really was n't an issue , it 's probably more likely they have jobs at the ashburton office than the chch one . 
  milliband is their biggest problem . 
  the tories will have boris to fall back on , who has labour got ? 
  politics is about who can deliver the policies as much as it is about the policies themselves . 
  nice of you to mock the people struggling for democracy . 
  even slacktivism at least helps to raise awareness when there are few other options . 
  how many people on reddit would have heard about this if the article did n't make the top of worldnews ? 
  not many . 
  petition your senators and or government officials via email or phone is the best way . 
  just downvote his comments like everyone else does . 
  of course , the culture and people of hong kong make it the great city it is , not the government . 
  however , politics has an influence on culture and the people . 
  censorship of information and the arts has been the case in china for decades and if the ccp had their way , would be true in hong kong . 
  the traditional chinese culture of hong kong would have been eroded under the cultural revolution if not for the political freedom hong kong had . 
  the protestors are protesting to defend the culture , arts and everything that makes hong kong unique as much as they are protesting about politics . 
  it 's so simple to just pick up and move . 
  there 's no consequences of doing so . 
  what are visa 's anyways ? 
  ardern perhaps . 
  i do n't think robertson will be all that popular , he seems too soft . 
  this is n't related to his sexuality , it 's just he seems to nice to be a leader . 
  i 'm not a member of the labour party and do n't plan on registering but what are the options available ?
