  there 's no judgement to be found here , but just sharing this will hopefully be therapeutic . 
  i pray that justice will be served for you and all sexual abuse victims . 
  that he will judge those who have sinned against you , and recompense for what was stolen . 
  there is hope through christ . 
  there is always hope , even when it is n't visible . 
  in the still of the night and in the roar of the thunder , god is present always and his love knows no boundaries he will love you more than you can imagine and he wishes to make your pain disappear . 
  cling to him like a rock , when everything is fucked up around you . 
  when the world is falling apart , he will be the constant . 
  in your panic attacks and anxiety and every daily suffering that seems like it 's never going to end , he 'll be there for you . 
  he is the only thing that will remain when the world passes away . 
  all i can do is pray that god brings resolution to you . 
  that this man is brought to justice in this world , and not only in the world to come and that know you are loved . 
  your husband loves you , we your brothers and sisters in the faith love you , there is a church waiting for you that will love you and god loves you so so much . 
  even when it 's impossible to see , he really does . 
  god bless sister . 
  that 's a good perspective though . 
  for all the romanticism of the age of exploration , the end reality for the people was centuries of slavery . 
  it would be way more entertaining than the ann coulter one because there are already deep ideological divisions on different sides . 
  both / r/mensrights / r/gaming users themselves and / r/shitredditsays + / r/twoxchromosones will brigade it and fight it out in the comments . 
  nobody , except perhaps some members of / r/conservative really liked ann coulter, 
  you should post it . 
  the comments would be entertaining at least . 
  well i 'll be buying project spark , that looked amazing, 
  get a sony then, 
  oh yeah definitely , windows 7 is more than adequate for the next half decade or so . 
  i bought a new laptop in it , and since it does n't have a touch screen i installed classic start . 
  i do n't find it boots amazingly fast , but the ribbon folder menus , built in iso support + file transfer speeds are definitely an improvement . 
  how can we follow in the ways of the isheep ? 
  how can we be abandoning the truth of \\ # 33b5e5 ? 
  is duarte truly infallible when he has changed the truth we hold so dearly , just to be more popular ? 
  fellow warriors , i know we shall never doubt duarte but how can the holo be sacrosanct without the one true hex code ? 
  yeah that was kinda funny, 
  from what i 've read fracking has its own regulations that should be followed . 
  it 's only those who do n't follow the correct safety procedures that make it dangerous, 
  actually it was several geology engineers having a conversation on / r/geology . 
  i 've never actually heard of that site, 
  personally i trust the geologists on this issue , rather than a biased youtube video, 
  you atheists are all the same . 
  coming into our safe space just to oppress us . 
  have you not seen how they 're taking the christ out of christmas ? 
  i know you all orchestrate it , but it just infuriates me when you deny what you 're doing . 
  i 'll be praying for your soul brother . 
  have you tried eating at chick fil a , protesting gay marriage or reading mark driscoll 's chick tracts ? 
  i know they helped my faith . 
  this sub is to represent godly true christian values and to stop the aberrosexual menace from infesting reddit . 
  we are in this site but not of it . 
  your username is giving me a foul ungodly stench , even through my monitor . 
  a shane love train ? 
  more like a shame love train !, 
  how dare you defile this site with your science worship . 
  you 've been infested to believe you 're nothing more than a monkeys grandson !, 
  how can you not see that 's wrong . 
  please just leave us alone . 
  we 'll be forced to rebuke you if you do not . 
  close minded people ? 
  brother you truly are the close minded one , you have closed your entire soul !, 
  you are spiritually destitute and therefore in need of cleansing in the fires . 
  why would we choose to insult our faith ? 
  i hold my righteous faith in higher regard than anything on earth . 
  i really pity you monkey loving science worshipping fools . 
  it says in the good book that the fool says in his heart that evolution is true . 
  so no , i do n't really understand your criticism . 
  honestly our mission statement is quite clear , so i really do n't understand what you 're having trouble with . 
  are you an atheist ? 
  a minority or a woman ? 
  well then good luck getting into heaven !, 
  that 's really all there is too it : love the lord your god with all your heart , all your soul and despise those who think differently to you , for they will get their dues in eternity , that 's right hell bitch !, 
  just think about that ... 
  that 's awful tame , we use the term aberrosexual here because they hate baby jesus with their butt bumping . 
  i 'm glad you like chick fil a too . 
  they have been annointed and have prospered thanks to the true baptist body of christ . 
  praise god for sweet fried chicken !, 
  i never thought i would agree with a godless heathen but it is true . 
  chic fil a spreads the gospel one sandwich at the time !, 
  `` for this is good and acceptable in the sight of god our saviour ; who will have all men to be saved , but only pure white men and for them to come unto the knowledge of the truth '' ( 1 tim . 
  the amount of adults that are n't into these movies is really weird . 
  no ... not really . 
  avoiding something just for the sake of it being `` childish '' even if it 's a work of art like a great animated film just seems pointless to me though . 
  what 's the wallpaper based off ? 
  many countries that are growing have overt nepotism and corruption . 
  china and india both spring to mind . 
  i 've started putting my portable fan on for backround white noise . 
  i 'm just a student at the moment but i work at my desk at home , and there can often be construction workers/background noise . 
  his stated goal was to expel americans out of saudi arabia . 
  a cursory glance at his wikipedia page or any interview he ever gave would tell you this . 
  of course he would have had other motivations , but that was his primary goal . 
  mecca and medina were holy sites , and for foreign non muslim military to have bases in the country that holds them was sacrilege to him . 
  if this is n't clear evidence of the anti atheist agenda at work , i do n't know what is . 
  to all those who think taking someones honey at an airport is n't clear evidence of oppression , i have a one step plan for you to follow, 
  ## go fuck yourselves, 
  one common technique is having 2 main story arcs for a while , changing the characters every chapter until their paths collide somewhere further on . 
  if you want to spread your hatred maybe get a better username, 
  well cod did too up until now, 
  amerikkka : the land of no milk and no honey, 
  we 're clearly unlike the colonial european missionaries enforcing our values on others , because unlike them we 're right . 
  #### science bitch ( lol dae get this reference ? ), 
  you sure got moxie kid, 
  holy superfluous commas epetes !, 
  i think getting a wii u will be inevitable for a lot of gamers . 
  however it 's only when the good exclusives start arriving next year that it will happen,
