  certainly in some countries it can be with race tied into national identity , but in the multicultural world we live in , western countries at least have mostly embraced all different races and identities as part of the nation and so patriotism is about a personal connection with where you 're from but also a comradeship with others of all races that share the same connection . 
  so in summary i think patriotism is a natural thing that can do great good and only sometimes , in its extreme form of nationalism does do harm . 
  more like defacebook amirite ? 
  if you need any help just pm me . 
  if you want to easily put custom firmware on you want a ps3 with a firmware of 3.55 or below, 
  bravest thing ever kesha, 
  to gain an additional nationality , yes i agree . 
  all versions except the original backwards compatible model which with the emotion engine , had built in ps2/ps1 hardware . 
  the easiest way is on a tour group . 
  koryo tours are the main english speaking one, 
  tfw still not even modded yet, 
  anyone getting history from video games is going to be badly mislead, 
  advent rising ( pc ), 
  amped, 
  armed and dangerous ( on pc ), 
  azurik ( maybe ), 
  blinx, 
  brute force, 
  conker live and reloaded, 
  crazy taxi 3, 
  crimson skies, 
  crimson sea * ( sequel on ps2 ), 
  dead or alive 3/ultimate, 
  deathrow, 
  dino crisis 3 ? 
  doom 3 ( pc ), 
  dreamfall longest journey ( pc ), 
  elder scrolls 3 ( pc ), 
  fable lost chapters ( on pc ), 
  far cry instincts ( on pc ... 
  fusion frenzy, 
  galleon, 
  grabbed by the ghoulies, 
  halo/2 ( both on pc ), 
  indiana jones emperors tomb + staff of kings ( ps2 version sucked ), 
  jade empire ( on pc ), 
  jet set radio future, 
  just cause ( ps2 version sucks , pc is good though too , also on 360 ), 
  kingdom under fire crusaders + heroes, 
  mechassault * ( sequel works ), 
  mercenaries ( ps2 ), 
  midtown madness 3 *, 
  mission impossible operation surma, 
  myst iv ( pc ), 
  ninja gaiden black ( ps3 ninja gaiden sigma ), 
  oddworld strangers wrath ( playable on pc/ps3 ), 
  painkiller ( pc ), 
  phantom dust, 
  powerdrome ( ps2 ), 
  project gotham racing, 
  return to castle wolfenstein tides of war ( pc ), 
  serious sam ( play pc version . . splitscreen ), 
  sid meirs pirates ( pc , psp etc ), 
  star wars knights of old republic ( better to play pc version ), 
  stubbs zombie ( pc ), 
  sudeki ( pc ), 
  toe jam and earl 3, 
  top spin *, 
  unreal 2, 
  unreal championship + 2 ( 2 works ? , port of unreal tourn 2003/4 ) *, 
  oh wow , look at the previous submissions . 
  / u/ingrid-hongkonger seems very pro independence . 
  i wonder why i 've never seen her on this sub , she 's really promoting hong kong in polandball ... well colonial hong kong at least . 
  i agree . 
  it 's quite odd that someone is that infatuated with the uk but sort of adorable at the same time . 
  i have a stem phd . 
  a professional humanities destroyer , that is . 
  ** the only way to save magicskyfairy is through professional quotes . 
  everybody quote yourself now **, 
  `` science lets us see the world through the window that religion tries to close '' - / u/oreography, 
  how many french or 4 star restaurants does the city need ? 
  if this keeps going on where are the locals going to eat ? 
  it 's not just high end restaurants , i have more of a problem with the luxury stores catering to mainlanders as i agree restaurants do require creativity . 
  my gripe though is that neither of them are for serving most of the population . 
  the shops in hong kong are supposed to be primarily for locals , not rich mainlanders or tourists , or those working in the finance sector for a year or two . 
  absolutely restaurants are important to the culture but we see the dai pai dongs and small family owned restaurants being unable to pay the rentals as suburbs become gentrified like sai ying pun , and it 's those restaurants that contribute most to the culture of the city not another high end restaurant . 
  most western tourists do n't even want to experience high end french or italian cuisine either , they come to the city to get a taste of local culture and local food . 
  all of it means the city loses more of its character . 
  if that 's the case then i agree the employees have a legitimate grievance , since his action is going against the stated affiliation of the company . 
  you point to events in the 60s , where there was far less accountability or media and claim an event today is equally likely ? 
  the whole idea of a `` false flag '' operation in the modern us is very unlikely . 
  9/11 was not a false flag attack . 
  it meant a loss of freedoms but it was not a deliberate attack . 
  would you describe it as a false flag operation to the families of those thousands who died in the attack , or do you only do so on the internet ? 
  this is technically religious just not christian, 
  the majority of people in this sub are american though , that 's just the way it goes . 
  no , he totally had a moment of existentialism when he was 3 okay . 
  how hard is that to understand ? 
  btw i stopped believing in magic sky men at age 1 . 
  literally found out 30 seconds ago . 
  i just do n't know what to say . 
  i 've been a miserable wreck the past few years , drunk and depressed and going nowhere . 
  when i heard about the dragon dildo there was this moment of `` oh , that 's right . 
  there are still things i want up my butt , things i 've forgotten i loved . '', 
  i 've since sobered up , started teaching myself amateur pornography , and watched dildo insertion courses and different dildo moulding tutorials on xtube . 
  and really , sincerely , i 'm happier now than i have been in a long time , because i 've been given a goal . 
  whatever comes of it , i 'll always credit dragon dildo 's for re-igniting my passion for what has always been my favorite artistic medium . 
  but this is too gross . 
  walmart is an organization that , to me , represents every negative aspect of the sexual experience , and while i still expect dragon dildo 's will turn out a fine product , i 'll be debating my options much more thoroughly . 
  i think sony 's cross buy/play policy is pretty close .
