oh , really ? 
  i thought supercor is as big of a thing as caprabo ... well , til, 
  i do n't know . 
  i live in barcelona , near a supercor that is opened on everyday untill 2 am . 
  maybe i 'm just lucky , but i always thought `` if there is one near me , there must be also in other parts of the city '' . 
  i guess not so much then . 
  ceta is a free trade agreement between eu and canada . 
  i do n't really know much details about it and why some might be against it . 
  what i can tell you is that romania is not against ceta itself , but uses it as an opportunity to have an upper hand at negotiating visa removal for romanians . 
   will asylum seekers impregnate your pension ? 
  well , this still sounds a bit weird ... 
  well , that 's true . 
  but italy and sweden/norway are exist more because of the mountain ranges rather that rivers . 
  it is cool to see it on this map , but for me more interesting seems poland , or the 3 regions of czechia ( from gsv_little_rascal 's original comment ) :  interesting how three czech basins closely match 3 historical  regions ( bohemia - labe , moravia - dunabe , silesia - oder ) . 
  yeah , and ... ? 
  they are all quite different ethnically and culturally . 
  it dose n't mean anything that they share the same basin . 
  a more interesting overlap would be the fact that old eastern germany seems to have one basin , or that the 3 historical regions in chekia seem to overlap the 3 basins , as someone else mentioned somwhere around here . 
  question : what is `` rou '' ? 
  where is it used ? 
  is it short for romania in usa ? 
  or in english ? 
  i ask because i do n't remember ever seeing it , usually `` ro '' represents romania ... like in cars , and internet and ... things like that . 
  what does the interesting part mean ? 
  i do n't understand anything . 
  i am quite new in the chaotic art of nowadays economics and it 's quite hard for me to comprehend things sometimes . 
  well , if russia was to go to war with nato do n't you think it will drag with it all the other countries that are under russian influence / support russia/are russia aligned ( however do you want to call it ) ? 
  that would make enough part of the world distracted by war for china to barge in and try to profit ( e.g. 
  usa is occupied with russia so then it can not protect/help some weaker allies in the south china sea ... ) and that would drag most of the rest of the world with it , effectively making it world war 3 . 
  i do n't see any ... maybe albania ? 
  edit : and iraq , maybe ? 
  that area was quite obviously influenced by the tigris and euphrates rivers . 
  but other than that i do n't actually see any cultural/ethnic overlaps . 
  i understand and i agree, 
   at that point they did n't know he produced explosives they just send several guys with 30 kg armor to surround the house for a routine ... uhh ... house chek . 
  i forgot the word . 
  anyways , i do agree with you on the most parts , but you ca n't say that they did n't expect to be explosives involved . 
  they answered to an anti-terrorist call , did n't they ? 
  ehhh ... 
  there is some sentiment towards it , but i do n't believe it will be happening in the next 10 years . 
  why is the batman province with unknown origin ? 
  maybe there is no consensus but batman is ( was ) a thing in turkey that is not the bat-costumed man : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/batman_ ( unit ), 
  you got any subtitles ? 
  i understand your point and concerns . 
  but i believe that the bar example is not so bad . 
  when going to a site that streams videos it is equally hard to find out if the videos are legally on that site as it is to see if the videos in a bar are legally there . 
  of course torrenting and similar things where it is quite obvious that you get an illegal copy is out of the question ( and out of the scope of this thread ) . 
  the idea is that the one who is giving the content should be the bad guy , not the viewers . 
  i think that this is possibly because the viewers might not know they watch illegal copies . 
  like , what if some site gives some old royalty free cartoon to watch from free , and make revenue from ads and a very similar site gives old movies , that are not royalty free and they are pirated ? 
  and maybe some other site similar to the last one that managed to have such a good monetization method that it can give some movies to stream legitly . 
  how can a user differentiate ? 
  like the example above : if you go into a bar that streams illegal content are you legible for watching it ? 
  tl ; dr : it 's not legalizing pirating just moving the blame from the watcher to the streamer . 
  soo ... you mean that , politically , countries not in eu are not european . 
  then , what continent switzerland belongs to , politically ? 
  * affected . 
  i 'm not usually correcting spelling errors , just that affect and effect are 2 different things  edit : my bad , til that effect can be used to describe something that was caused  example : the new manager effected some positive changes in the office . 
  ( this means that the new manager caused some positive changes to take place in the office . ), 
  i do n't think norway , switzerland and iceland are sitting in the queue . 
  that makes sense . 
  well , let me just rephrase that : if you manage to have the same ( or higher ) gdp with fewer people , then it is still good . 
  edit : i understand that could still happen when only unemployed people would leave , but that 's beyond unrealistic . 
  well , if you manage to do the same thing with less people , it 's still good, 
  i think this might be of help here : [ list of european countries by average wage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) . 
  i would be curious if anyone has any information about the [ median ] ( https://www.vocabulary.com/articles/chooseyourwords/mean-median-average/ ) wage , cause it helps understand better how many people are actually poor . 
  i think because they should be independent first . 
  like , declare independence from kosovo , then , they can decide to join serbia if they wish . 
  if they push for joining serbia before being independent ( being helped by serbia ) it can be seen that serbia wants to annex the region . 
  you know , like a conquest . 
  which is illegal internationally , for obvious reasons . 
  i understand that a region should have the right to join another country directly if they want to , but the line where they want to , or the other country wants to may be a bit blurred , so i guess that 's why getting independence first is needed . 
  something like a fail-safe . 
  yeah , that * can * be skewed by other countries also , yes , but still . 
  this is the best description of the current problems with articles and journals that i have ever heard !, 
  ( although a bit eccentric ), 
  hmmm , yeah ... 
  i guess i never actually realised how big that stretch of land between the carpats and the urals is ... 
  are the ural mountains really that far , or is it just an optical illusion ? 
  i mean , i know they are not close , but comparing that with other reference points closer in europe it seems a bit too far , like , far beyond caspian sea . 
  well , that is a good point indeed . 
  india was a colony of uk . 
  was the status of korea as vassal of china similar to being a colony ? 
  if so , then yeah , ok , you could say that korea was part of the chinese empire . 
  i suspect that the status of vassal state and colony may be different , but i do not know enough on the matter ( at this time ) to say for sure . 
  but good point , nevertheless . 
  yet research is actual `` research '' not several experiences had by one or two people . 
  although i agree that this study does not take into account the expenses , which might hinder how equitable the healthcare system actually is . 
  but yeah , it is still research . 
  well , bucharest was called `` little paris '' by the people living there , in the interwar period , and many architectural designs and a lot of culture was inspired by paris and france . 
  yet , i do n't think you would say bucharest was french . 
  point is , culturally , maybe koreans wanted to be at the same level , or even the same as the chinese . 
  but korea was not a province of china . 
  well ... do n't big companies have r&d departments ? 
  research and development ? 
  a * lot * of companies do research in their own field in order to be better than the competition . 
  look at vehicles , for example . 
  i would think that the bulk of research done to create electric cars is done by companies . 
  the same with autonomous cars . 
  google , uber , tesla the big shots in this emerging field are all big companies .
