  we should respect our differences !, 
  right ? 
  now i 'm not 100 % sure but i 'm pretty sure the data for croatia is wrong , it 's actually 130 like most other european countries . 
  maybe it changed since i got my driver 's license but i was taught the limit was 130 . 
  this is great and all but do n't most russians still support putin ? 
  sorry for being cynical but i do n't think this protest will do much . 
  i think their point is that you could have been equals to the us and europe . 
  the problem is most if not all sources of information are highly polarized . 
  how am i to know what percentage of cool aid to drink from each side ? 
  one would think we 'd have more reliable sources of information in the internet age . 
  a third mig long forgotten is haphazardly scrambled . 
  it manages to cross the border before crashing into a barn in the hungarian countryside . 
  croatian government claims total victory over the hungarian forces . 
  we handled it about as equally incompetently as other eu countries . 
  this shitshow really needs to be handled properly already . 
  did n't mean for it to sound like that , i realize christianity even today has it 's fair share of batshit insane idiots . 
  yeah religion can inspire people to do awful things , but i still stand by my opinion that islam is ( at least today ) in general much shittier than most of christianity . 
  i 'd rather none of it existed but if i really had to choose i 'd choose christianity . 
  are you shitting me , is that guy holding a smartphone , and an expensive looking one at that ? 
  poor poor hopeless people ... 
  are irish catholics holding debates whether or not they 're allowed to beat the shit out of their wives ? 
  yeah did n't think so . 
  well , no because it 's a multilateral treaty . 
  breaking it could , in theory , have consequences . 
  because it 's not a immigration problem on paper ( even though it obviously is ) , it 's a refugee problem . 
  if it means them abandoning islam i 'll personally shower them with as much atheism , drugs , alcohol and sexual permissiveness they can handle . 
  `` b-but the poor * refugeeeees * , look at this picture of a poor child , have you no heart ? 
  you 're racist !, 
  ; _ ; '' that 's basically the media in my country this past month or so , no doubt it 's the same in most of europe . 
  the cultural enrichening begins , rejoice germany !, 
   afawk he has n't been beheaded , yet . 
  he 's as good as dead , however awful that may sound . 
  nobody wants to negotiate with isis , this `` ransom demand '' is just for show . 
  did n't she like a month ago made a girl cry by saying she does n't want to many immigrants ? 
  what 's with the sudden change of heart ? 
  ideally there would be a mechanism to allow oppressed women to report it to the authorities so that they could be ( if necessary ) forcibly removed from their shitty communities and helped to learn a trade and/or get a job and/or get educated . 
  that does n't even remotely answer my question . 
  and those that are forced to wear that by their husbands/communities ? 
   i think adults should be free to use whatever clothes they want . 
  you 're horribly naive if you think those women are choosing to wear that . 
  not in the croatian war of independance , no . 
  how about you actually read an article before trying to appear smart on the internet ? 
  you are so wrong it 's not even funny . 
  if they really loved their country so much they 'd stay and defend it and try to make it a decent place . 
  worked for croatia . 
  anybody that brings any kind of politics ( left or right wing ) to sports is a complete fucking moron . 
   patriarchal culture at its worst . 
  no no you misunderstand , only white western cultures are patriarchal and oppress women , this is diversity . 
  holy shit those people are ridiculous . 
  those tents are n't exactly luxurious but fucking seriously , they actually have the gall to complain ? 
   i feel sorry for the trucker who must be absolutely traumatised at this , through no fault of his own . 
  yeah nah fuck you , that guy was a smuggler , he deserves every bad thing happening to him . 
  well that 's not too surprising , they want that sweet tax haven money . 
  i 'm sure venice could end up being the next monaco . 
   also just as likely could be a scandinavian yeah , sure , whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  alright you may be right about syrians , but what about the somalians and others ? 
   progressive was that sarcasm or do you actually believe that ? 
  i honestly ca n't tell . 
  that 's quite odd , why not just write `` alleged suicides over ashley madison hack '' ? 
  you ca n't really deny that people from africa and the middle east have trouble integrating into european cultures . 
  no but the citizens of europe do n't have a moral duty to lower their standards to help people from shitty countries . 
  so literally everyone against more immigration is racist ? 
  really ? 
  yes , but you do n't really see that many statements like that on this subreddit anyway , and if you do they get downvoted . 
  apparently it 's not . 
  in the dictionary it says racism means the opinion that one race/ethnicity is superior to another based on genetics alone . 
  yet i see people constantly get called racist for not wanting more immigrants and refugees . 
  or , you know , maybe there 's a middle ground between a racist neonazi shithead that wants every brown person killed and the bleeding heart ultra leftist that wants to be used as a carpet for underprivileged people . 
  how about we just stop labeling any dissenting opinion as `` racist '' ? 
  he probably meant anti natalist policies and not outright murdering them . 
  and we should be tolerating it why ? 
  try the islands , some of them are pretty remote and sparsly populated . 
  there was a whole shitload of inaccuracies , some of it was true but you might as well disregard the whole thing . 
  so many inaccuracies in this , are you even croatian op ? 
  the full croatian name for it is `` cudnovati kljunas '' , which means literally `` weird beak-animal '', 
  i 'm still hoping for the social democrats , it 's not really that unlikely to happen , they just need to not fuck something up terribly . 
  they were n't a particularly good government but the alternative is terrifying . 
   the other people down there just get along fine . 
  eeeh well not exactly . 
  there is some beef between croats and bosniaks . 
  plus you know there 's the usual xenophobia and tribalism not related to the war . 
  what a bunch of dickheads . 
  props to the police for putting up with that bullshit . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_%28human_classification%29  race , as a social construct , is a group of people who share similar and distinct physical characteristics . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] first used to refer to speakers of a common language and then to denote national affiliations , by the 17th century race began to refer to physical ( i.e. 
  phenotypical ) traits . 
  starting from the 19th century , the term was often used in a taxonomic sense to denote genetically differentiated human populations defined by phenotype . 
  [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] there 's nothing abstract about human physical characteristics . 
  sure it may not be always exactly defined but i would n't call it `` non existant '' , that 's ridiculous . 
   racism is thinking there is a hierarchy in race , you think their is one in culture ( so civilisation ) . 
  by , definition , you are racist . 
  would n't i be `` culturist '' then ? 
  race and culture are not the same thing . 
  if you believe they are then you might be the racist one . 
  at this point i do n't even give a shit anymore . 
  if you want to call me a racist you go right ahead , it 's just used to shut down any discourse anyway . 
   european populations must embrace diversity to undermine homogeneity until all differences between them disappear . 
  how about you fuck right off . 
  i do not accept some cultures as equal to my own , i do n't want the `` differences to disappear '' . 
  they can either accept our culture or go the fuck away .
