it actually was for a short while , would have been interesting to see what would have happened if they kept it up . 
  unlike neoliberalism which is totes for real super sustainable with it 's constant market crashes ? 
  marxism/leninism clearly does n't work , but these parties are n't that ( at least they claim they are n't ) , socialism is a pretty broad spectrum of ideologies . 
  you ca n't knock it till you try it . 
  so basically there 's a pretty real danger of uk 's economy tanking if they leave the eu ? 
  if so does cameron even consider it as an option ? 
   furthermore , he has his own companies and corporations yeah i bet he got those only by using his extraordinary entrepreneurial skills , did n't have anything to do with his heritage . 
  no sir . 
  why is putin doing this though ? 
  is n't the main opposition party in russia the communist party which pretty openly glorifies stalin ? 
  would n't glorifying stalin make people more prone to supporting the opposition ? 
   there was no corruption ; are these guys fucking serious ? 
  can we join in again too ? 
  slavs can not into living long . 
  it 's not even valid criticism , you 're just trying to be as edgy as possible for the sake of being edgy . 
  `` i just want shit going down '' make you look like the dumbest idiot . 
  wow so edgy , your middle school friends must think you 're so badass . 
   populist that was honestly more disgusting to me than his corruption and stealing , i 'm used to that . 
  it was disheartening to see my fellow citizens swallow up his cheap populist rhetoric . 
  good to know at least somebody is doing their jobs . 
  let 's just hope he actually gets convicted . 
  it 's literally a textbook example of treason . 
  you are joining the forces of another state ( it does n't matter it 's unrecognized ) that wants to bring down your current state . 
  it 's pretty relevant . 
  gypsy villages look like that pretty much everywhere . 
  i thought the requirements for being an asylum seeker were much stricter , i did n't think just about anybody could do it . 
  can anyone explain why there are so many from russia and serbia ? 
   politicians who are either extremely corrupt and/or suck up to imf and suchlike or go to the other extreme and are too nationalists , crumbling hospitals and schools and suchlike . 
  oh yeah we do , especially the crumbling hospitals and shitty politicians part , just perhaps not to the extent you do , i do n't know much about what 's going on in hungary . 
  me neither . 
  i like it here , it 's my home , i wo n't leave unless i really have to . 
  everywhere else i 'll always be a foreigner . 
  not really . 
  people would n't self-impose it if it were n't for general societal pressure . 
  eh i think the truth is somewhere in the middle . 
  money and the race for `` success '' does tend to bring out the worst in people and people really do feel pressured to `` succeed '' and make more money and are often called idiots and lowlifes if they do n't . 
   what if i get sick while i 'm vacationing in croatia ? 
  will doctors treat me badly if my boyfriend comes with me to the hospital ? 
  will i trust them to give me the best care - and will i feel safe being put on the operation table with anaesthetics about to go into my arm ? 
  our healthcare is really hit and miss . 
  it 's mostly miss so rarely anybody gets good healthcare . 
  i 'd say most doctors wo n't care but nobody ( i hope at least , there were no similar cases ) is that unprofessional as to actually kill you on the operating table because you 're gay . 
   will we have to pretend we 're dude-friends and not boyfriends for the duration ? 
  what happens if someone local notices me hug him while we 're at open sea ? 
  will there be a fight ? 
  honestly , i do n't know . 
  it would probably depend on the particular boat but i believe most would be fine with it or at least tolerate it , because you know , money . 
   what happens if the local hotel owner gets notice that my boyfriend and i sleep in the same bed ? 
  will he call the police and accuse us of stealing something to get us out ? 
  will we be beaten at the local police station ? 
  nothing will happen , people working in hotels are generally professional unless it 's a particularly shitty hotel . 
   these things are real not as real as you make them be . 
  do you really think you would be the first gay couple ever vacationing in croatia ? 
  others have done it and they survived . 
  here read this : http://www.passportmagazine.com/destinations/croatia766.php the situation is n't really favorable , sure , but it 's definitely not as bad as you make it . 
  fine , just saying you come off as a pretentious shit about it . 
  you 're not really helping the cause , change ca n't happen instantly but it 's happening . 
  just because of a minor setback ( the whole thing was funded by right wing parties anyway as much as they claim otherwise hence the small turnout , people really didnt care that much , like i said you do n't have the whole picture ) does n't mean everything is shit , you ca n't dismiss the entire nation because of that , its stupid and ignorant . 
  get off your high horse . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  nothing happens to gay couples on holiday in croatia holy shit . 
  obviously if they 're super obvious about it by constantly making out in public they might attract negative attention if they 're in a shittier part of a town . 
  people 's mindset is changing slowly , stop acting like we 're fucking cavemen . 
  and yes you are lecturing me by `` drawing attention to the fact '' like i do n't know what 's happening here . 
  just please stop talking , you 've probably never even been here for any significant period of time so you do n't really have the right to be a smartass about it . 
  what 's even your fucking point ? 
  that we 're a homophobic country ? 
  no fucking shit sherlock i 'm just saying you do n't have the complete picture and it 's not nearly as bad as you think it is , please stop lecturing me on what 's going on in my own country . 
  whatever , it 's not like 90/10 or something . 
  besides like i said , very poor turnout plus it seems like you do n't really understand what it was about . 
   wow . 
  first croatia criminalizing gay marriage by a huge majority in their referendum , then this ? 
  they won 60/40 , it 's not that huge of a difference . 
  besides the turnout was very poor , the vast majority of people just did n't give a shit about any it . 
  i 'd be willing to bet if everybody was absolutely forced to vote most would vote for gay marriage . 
  also `` voting for or against gay marriage '' is a really poor simplification of what the referendum was about anyway . 
  holy shit that 's a terrible color scheme , who thought that would be a good idea ? 
  your point being ? 
  are you seriously suggesting we should n't take this seriously ? 
  100 % democracy and freedom does n't translate well to real life though . 
  idealism is admirable and all but sometimes you just have to be pragmatic . 
  yeah well i would n't condone shooting them up but i would n't exactly shed a tear for them if someone actually did it . 
  freedom trumps facts . 
  is it measured by the amount of tumblr posts originating from that country ? 
  people tend to exaggerate when talking about things they do n't like in their country . 
  mindblowing huh ? 
  oh god . 
  good luck ukraine , you 're gon na need it . 
  ca n't they just buy more from the us , norway and other countries and have them at least slightly bring down the price artificially just to fuck with russia . 
  i assume that would n't work because there 's not that much of those resources there , or is there ? 
  your childlike idealism does n't translate well to real life . 
  statistics do n't lie , immigrants cause trouble because there 's shitty people everywhere , they 're not all wise and stoic due to all the hardships they 've gone through in life . 
  helping people is super cool but this wo n't be helping many of them , at least not in the long run . 
  what ? 
  you ca n't walk on the streets when drunk ? 
  you can walk around with fucking semi automatic rifles but you walk around drunk ? 
  that would be too drastic i think . 
  a lot of immigrants really just want to enjoy a normal life and assimilate normally into the new culture . 
  no need to ruin that for a few troublemakers . 
   where would it stop ?
