  not nearly on the same scale as the us . 
  really ? 
  it 's fairly common here , not at all out of place , even for non teenagers . 
   in germany at least , the only violence was committed by racists and neo-nazis . 
  you must be sheltered as all hell if you really believe that . 
  well alright then , good luck to you . 
  i was under the impression that you want to get in under false pretenses . 
  so why does he get to demand a life in a rich country and people have to bend over backwards to give it to him but people from only somewhat poorer countries have to earn it ? 
  if your life is not in immediate danger you are not a refugee . 
  the only legal way for you to get into the netherlands is as a skilled worker . 
  hungarians are n't huns or descendants of huns . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i thought we stopped talking about the mosque a few comment levels ago . 
  either way building a huge fucking mosque in a city without a muslim majority shows the tendency of islam to spread it 's tentacles wherever it fucking can . 
  imagine the outrage if the catholic church wanted to build a giant cathedral in saudi arabia . 
   i think islam is backward too but what do you mean you will never be `` ok with muslims '' ? 
  well that 's pretty much it , it 's backwards . 
  it 's not compatible with the very tenets of liberal democracy . 
   do you want them banned from the country ? 
  do you want their religion to be prohibited ? 
  jailed ? 
  what do you propose we do with the muslims in romania ? 
  nope , nope and nope . 
  i 'd just want them to not be shipped en masse to europe . 
  if they come little by little then we have a chance of assimilating them . 
  right now with the current influx that wo n't be happening any time soon . 
  oh absolutely , it 's just that they do n't seem to want to earn a living and pay taxes , they generally want to live off welfare . 
  also they do n't seem to integrate easily . 
  the situation is more complex than `` whitey keeping the poor brown people down ;( '', 
   why are croats going to germany , uk etc. 
  because there are more well paying jobs there . 
  and that 's my whole fucking point . 
  they 're not refugees , they 're economic immigrants . 
  the real refugees are just fucking happy they 're not dead and stay in turkey or wherever . 
  again , why are they hopping on trucks in calais headed towards the uk then ? 
  are you really saying it 's because they 're feeling overcrowded a bit ? 
  come on now . 
  so why does n't the tiny fraction also stay there , or at least nearer countries like greece or romania or bulgaria ? 
  why does it have to be the uk ? 
  apparently even france is n't enough nowadays when you look at the situation in calais . 
   while the others are fleeing their country so they do n't die . 
  so why do most of them want to go to sweden or the uk and not just the first country where they wo n't be in immediate danger ? 
  * * you 're a pretentious asshole . 
  you were literally raped by a shampoo bottle . 
  you poor thing , is taking a shower triggering for you now ? 
  either way my point still stands . 
  if you start at a better position you 're more likely to do better than others who did n't . 
  our politics are shit , that 's true , but the article clearly has a bias . 
  which is coincidentally also literally 8 slovenes . 
  slovenia has historically had a higher living standard than the rest of the balkans , even in yugoslavia , followed by croatia , then serbia . 
  this corresponds to how things are even today . 
  also the war never touched slovenia . 
  the article is sensationalist bullshit so the media can shit on greece even more . 
  oh shut up , no they would n't . 
  they 'd probably get similar comments depending on where in croatia they are but nothing worse . 
  if they did this in the centre of zagreb nothing much would happen , not even that many comments . 
  sure it 's still shitty but come on nobody would be killed . 
  yep , croatia is likely next in line if things do n't start shaping up soon . 
  you 're doing just fine . 
  keep it up !, 
  i find it fascinating how people can only think in black and white like that when we live in an age where you have access to an amazing amount of information . 
  yes we definitely need more input from people who do n't have the whole picture , that will surely help . 
  i guess to make the shit they 're spouting slightly more credible ? 
  wow the serb apologism is off the charts in this thread . 
  nobody ever fucking calls for massacres of civilians , that 's obvious . 
  imagine if an russian politician said that about ukrainians today , all fucking hell would break loose , but apparently 20 years ago it was a `` pretty good mindset '' . 
  at least we have smart , all-knowing people like you telling us dumb knuckle-dragging balkanoids how to behave and what to think , so there 's still hope !, 
  the amount of people dead does n't make this any less hypocritical . 
  a thousand or 6 million , he 's still an awful shit of a human being and him doing this is clearly just a political stunt . 
  just 20 years ago he was screaming `` for every serb you kill we kill 100 muslims '' . 
  his pro-eu stance is a charade and him visiting srebrenica is a charade . 
  the bosniaks have every right to be pissed , this man should be nowhere near politics , let alone a fucking prime minister . 
  there will be more people in the world than high-skilled jobs . 
  we do n't exactly need 7 billion doctors and engineers . 
  but it did happen . 
  people just moved to other low-skill jobs . 
  what happens when we automate all low-skill jobs ? 
  i constantly see comments saying the greeks should pay for their fuckups in the past and that syriza are frauds . 
  they 're not saying literally what i wrote but it the same general message . 
  but are n't all greeks just lazy and greedy ? 
  is n't that the problem ? 
  / r/europe has mislead me !, 
  why is it so hard for people to come to terms with the fact that not everything is fucking black or white ? 
  neither germany nor greece are completely blameless . 
  greece did bad things in the past that it 's paying for now but the imf is completely rigid and narrow-minded and are n't helping the situation at all . 
  yeah , give it a few years . 
  they will all be named muhammad . 
  yeah but imf has exactly one way of doing things , and it does n't seem like it was ever really a good solution . 
  at least he did n't have autism while he lived , right guys ? 
  right ? 
  actions need to be taken so people do n't have to be afraid to show stupid inflammatory drawings on tv or a newspaper . 
  restricting immigration severely would be a damn good fucking start . 
  you can ship them really fancy artisanal pasta and say it 's worth 15k a box . 
   but i wo n't be surprised or pay attention to you when you get the reaction you want . 
  so what people should just keep being scared of offending muslims ? 
  charles manson was a psychopathic cult leader . 
  they 're trying to say mohammad was also one . 
  it 's hardly a mystery what they were trying to convey . 
   the greeks drowned themselves . 
  do we sacrifice ourselves to jump for them ?
