  well it 's debatable of course but a lot of people ( me included ) think that there really is n't anything good . 
  the 3rd , 4th and 5th largest political options are , in no particular order : * populist conspiracy theorist nutjobs called `` the human wall '' whose economic program is based on `` taking back what 's stolen '' and printing a shitload of money . 
  basically the occupy movement but with extra stupid . 
  * slightly less populist conspiracy theorist nutjubs called `` the walnut '' . 
  they 're a green party and sometimes say something that makes sense . 
  i 'm not particularly impressed with them . 
  * moderate centrist party that actually has a sensible program called `` bridge '' but i personally do n't trust them to uphold what they promise since their members have a very right-wing political past . 
  depends on who you 're asking . 
  it sure worked real fucking well for norwegians . 
  there are many candidates and it 's all really debatable , that 's why stating `` this and that is the second biggest army '' is silly in the first place . 
  you can compare it by many things . 
  actual troop numbers are n't really that important as i said . 
  the amount of weapons , vehicles , planes should all count towards the `` bigness '' of the army . 
  technically by your definition you could have a million men with sticks and stones and it would be the biggest army in the world . 
  pure numbers do n't really mean shit in today 's warfare . 
  it 's about the tech and doctrine . 
  saying `` second biggest '' kinda implies it 's the second strongest power , which is far from the truth . 
  they sometimes fuck up the testing or the disease is in the very early stage and does n't show up on testing and people end up getting hiv blood anyway . 
  it 's a numbers game like / u/pepperboon said , nothing really homophobic about it . 
  nah weed does n't affect anything . 
  thc blood tests are expensive as shit so they do n't do them on the blood . 
  you just need to be clean for a few days beforehand . 
  same goes for alcohol and shitty diet , depending of course on how much of that are we talking about . 
   please debtate why you think the ability of citizens to get porn via the internet without opting out is a universal freedom ? 
  in a way it 's a breach of privacy . 
  if you need to inform the government/isp that you want those restrictions lifted that means you plan on accessing some of the blocked content . 
  basically the government is forcing you to tell them you 're watching porn . 
  it 's debatable like i said . 
  currently i do n't see a big problem here , but it 's a very slippery slope . 
  currently it 's opt-out , then it 's even harder to opt-out , then it 's not opt-out anymore . 
  authoritarianism creeps on you slowly , it rarely just goes balls deep right away . 
   however , the question over the extent that citizens ' freedoms should be limited is best decided by national governments elected by a peoples subject to a nation 's courts . 
  i disagree . 
  certain freedoms should be universal and enforced . 
   the question of porn filters is obviously no , it 's certainly not obvious . 
  you can very easily make a claim that it limits the citizen 's freedoms . 
  really dude ? 
  b-but it 's their culture ? 
  it is true , but like / u/jabikomentiro mentioned only in very few cases , and not for a few months . 
  it sucks but it 's a step in the right direction at least , i would n't call it an election ploy either since we 're a fairly conservative country in general . 
   you realise that kids buy into the idea of being radical without properly realising what that entails , right ? 
  i honestly doubt that , a lot may get cold feet once push comes to shove and they have to start shooting guns but i do n't think there 's any illusion as to what it entails . 
  the hatred and violence is very apparent even in the propaganda videos . 
  same goes for far-right groups . 
  if people have no sympathy for young neo-nazis ( and honestly they should n't ) then why should they have sympathy for young jihadis ? 
  if you decide you want to kill people i dont ever want you near me . 
  if his reaction to his classmates teasing him about his religion is going off to some desert to murder people then he 's a fucking psychopath , i do n't want him around me whether he 's `` de-radicalised '' or not . 
  there 's a difference between thinking multiculturalism is a good thing and `` we 're empty husks devoid of culture and soul '' . 
  if someone tried to pull that shit here ( or hell , any other european country for that matter ) heads would roll . 
  yeah but not all muslims would beat the shit out of you for drinking it yourself . 
  when i was in vacation in tunisia during ramadan like 6 years ago we were drinking like crazy and noone batted an eye . 
  the only problem was you had to bring all the alcohol yourself because the only places selling it were clubs where it 's obviously expensive . 
   oh it 'll be just 600,000 of them , stop being so racist !, 
    ...   it 's only 800,000 people !, 
  what 's that for a country of many millions ? 
    ...   it 's just 1.5 million !, 
  yeah good fucking luck germany . 
  yep , this is our chance . 
  i 'm not sure if we 'll make it considering all the immigration and brexit drama that happened lately . 
  i 'm hopeful though . 
  1l of soda is about 500 calories . 
  you need to have a deficit of about 7000 calories to lose 1kg . 
  he could n't have lost all that weight in 2 weeks just from refraining from soda , he probably cut down on other things too . 
  i get your point but are sodas really that big of a deal ? 
  would banning sodas really put a dent on childhood obesity rates ? 
  to do it right you would also have to ban chocolate , and fast food , and force children to do mandatory exercise . 
  how 's that for invading civil and personal liberties ? 
  or , you know , just teach parents to teach their children that a lot of sugar is bad . 
  nobody is going to die from drinking a glass of coke once a day or so ( unless you 're diabetic i guess but you get my point ) . 
  yes but catechism class in schools is a-okay , right francis ? 
  maybe in theory . 
  in practice they do n't seem to care about anything other than the two things you mentioned . 
  i have literally never seen the church here in croatia use their influence to push a law that for example improves workers rights . 
  it 's always about limiting what people can do with their bodies . 
  i guess it varies depending on your definition of `` far right '' but that law would definitely be considered far right in most western european countries . 
  to me personally `` not far right '' and `` heavily influenced by the church '' are completely contradictory . 
   it 's really far beyond from anything logical and a standard normal conservative view even . 
  welcome to far right politics . 
  i hope shit like this makes people in western european countries wary of voting for shitheads like ukip or fn . 
  with immigration laws more in accordance to your liking also comes a whole other bag of shit with laws like these . 
  so probably younger than 18 , got it . 
  in france ? 
  probably quite a bit less . 
  in croatia i 'd say it 's about the same 30 % . 
  of course not . 
  but some people need to have their perspective shifted a bit . 
  is it really that big of a deal that you have to sue your own parents ? 
  it 's a baby picture . 
  on facebook . 
  did they really have to go that far with this ? 
  it 's inconsequential bullshit , you 're not fighting some big fight for privacy and freedom , you 're just being a petty asshole . 
  maybe instead they should be fighting the idiots that would actually bully the girl for having her baby pics on facebook . 
   what does that have anything to do with this news ? 
  because all the parties in that article lost touch with reality . 
  i mean suing over baby photos on facebook ? 
  what the shit ? 
   are n't you just bashing people for having money ? 
  no , i never said all affluent people act like this , i just notice it happening from time to time . 
  it 's fascinating that people who live comfortable , upper middle-class ( or higher ) lives sometimes just completely lose touch with reality . 
  honestly sometimes i think everybody should be legally mandated to experience crippling poverty for a few months once in their lifetimes just to set their heads straight .
