  what ? 
  did you even read this thread ? 
  people have prejudices precisely because of their encounters with them . 
  you literally just have to not pee completely perpendicular to the wall . 
  it 's not really a bulletproof plan . 
  peace , liberty , secularism , smugness . 
   but how many times have you seen people run around here and talk about both regressive and stupid leftists ? 
  that 's true , fair enough . 
   i 'm going to vote for a party that 's considered far-right ( or at least the swedish translation of it ) . 
  i think that makes me far-right , even if i do n't agree with all of that party 's opinions . 
  of course it does n't . 
  like you said , you do n't agree with all the parties opinions , why would just circling their name on a piece of paper make you far-right ? 
  it does n't have to be black or white like that . 
  i 'm anti immigration ( in the context of the current refugee crisis at least ) and i definitely do n't consider myself right-wing . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than `` left or right '' . 
  because you live there , you do n't want the place you live in go to shit . 
  i do n't have an ounce of nationalism in me but i do n't want mass immigration . 
  you do n't need nationalism to not be an idiot . 
  it 's really common sense to not have that much immigration , nothing to do with a sense of national pride or whatnot . 
  i see , the original claim did sound sensationalized to hell . 
  i wo n't take any sides though as i have n't actually read the conversation transcript . 
  of course it is , check your non-putin privilege shitlord . 
  of course . 
  if the report turns out to be true and not exaggerated the whole of imf should be disbanded in it 's current state . 
  fair enough , but really this is small time compared to some of the heavy hitters here in croatia and elsewhere in the balkans and eastern europe . 
  our former prime minister is estimated to have damaged the country for hundreds of millions of euros . 
   but this level of corruption is off the fucking scale . 
  it 's cute that you believe that . 
  what justice ? 
  he did nothing wrong except for being an idiot . 
  people should be calling him out for being an idiot , no need for the law to interfere here . 
  but you know , who can really say one culture is better than the other , it 's all relative . 
  seriously i thought it was common knowledge that there were atheist ancient greek philosophers . 
  what a shitty article . 
  but ` totalitarianism ' makes for a juicier headline . 
  you 're assuming that their current birthrate will be like that for a long time . 
  that is very debatable , i believe it will level out . 
  i figured as much , but why is turkey really that important to nato ? 
  what are the chances of turkey getting kicked out of nato ? 
   less inheritance because otherwise the assets are moved out of the family . 
  ... because the man is considered the `` head of the house '' or whatever and continues the family name . 
  how is this not sexism ? 
   both genders are advised to have humility and modesty . 
  so why do n't men have to cover themselves up as much ? 
  women get less inheritance according to sharia , they should be subservient to their husbands , they should cover up etc. 
  it may not fit the literal definition of misogyny but it 's sexism at the very least for sure . 
  i thought that both were valid scriptures and equally `` true '' ? 
  the only way you can `` modernise '' old religions is really by outright ignoring certain aspects of it . 
  since misogyny is deeply rooted in islam it would be really hard to yank it out without rejecting the core dogmas . 
  christianity did it by basically ignoring the entire old testament , it would be pretty hard for most muslims to ignore a big chunk of the quran . 
  needless to say trying to do it by way of gender segregation is moronic . 
  i really doubt anybody literally said the state was gon na force interracial breeding . 
   perhaps next french president will make speech how there must be interracial breeding , if not by their own will then state will force it . 
  that 's definitely a `` it was the jews '' level argument . 
  you 're right , but what gives isis more ` credibility ' is that there are very real historical accounts that mohammed actually did all those terrible things . 
       because it is simply retarded to blame on islam . 
  it 's really not . 
  the actions of isis have very real footing in islamic scripture . 
  it 's the ` moderate ' muslims who do all sorts of mental gymnastics to convince themselves that chopping people 's heads off in the quran does n't really mean chopping people 's heads off . 
  not that modern christians do n't do the same thing of course . 
  not blaming religion for anything ever in the name of political correctness is stupid . 
  no no , it 's just `` troubled youth '' as always , no need to point any fingers . 
  yeah it seems people do n't really understand what `` far-left '' means . 
  it has become a meaningless buzzword . 
  the problem is not some imaginary ultra leftist bogeyman the people here are imagining in their heads , the problem is that identity politics and cultural relativism have become accepted the mainstream . 
  both center right and center left parties adhere to them . 
  holy shit you 're mad , please do go on . 
  that may be true for children , but once you go down the rabbit whole the way these guys did , there 's just no coming back . 
  they should be locked away forever for the safety of the general populace . 
  the part when she said `` release yourself from the shackles of freedom and democracy '' gave me chills . 
  these peoples ' brains are completely broken , i do n't think any dialogue can be started with them , they should just be kept locked away far from sane people . 
  holy shit . 
   in the age of the internet anyone with an inquisitive mind is a few seconds away from finding the answers to any question they want to know . 
  it 's the duty of schools and parents to make the children 's minds inquisitive . 
  it 'll hurt them more much than it will hurt the eu to impose sanctions on them . 
  the eu can very much strong arm them . 
  that would be a diplomatic disaster for the country that does that , i do n't think morocco and algeria are that crazy . 
  you can get a fiber optic connection in most modern apartment buildings but family houses are stuck with shitty ancient infrastructure . 
  nearly 20 euro/month here for barely 9mbps . 
  sincerely , fuck you . 
   `` the very patient muslim lady explained that , during a time when the western world treated women like property , islam taught that men and women were equal in the eyes of god . '', 
  of fuck right off . 
  you ca n't possibly be that dumb to believe that . 
  no no i get the reasoning , but it 's just absurd that it has come to this . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  it 's like a south park episode . 
       had everyone condemned these sexual assaults from the start and made it clear that all people will be held to the same standards and laws , all of this nonsense could have been avoided . 
  they did , but in a very roundabout , ultra-pc and insulting way . 
  `` yeah but white men do it too ! '', 
  is not a good response to all of this . 
  it 's really stunning that there are gay people willing to vote strongly right-wing parties just so they can feel safer . 
  they both failed . 
  the police president should resign but then again so should merkel but obviously we wo n't see that happen . 
   i 'm not saying they do n't claim racism when under criticism . 
    where are people getting the idea that feminists support refugees because they are afraid of being called racist ? 
  what exactly is the difference ? 
  they 're being apologetic for their shitty behavior because otherwise they 'd be `` racist '' . 
   where are you getting this from ? 
  are you serious ? 
  just about every attempt at criticizing certain aspects of arabic and/or middle eastern culture in general ( criticism that feminists have rightfully made about western culture 30 years ago ) is met with cries of racism or at best is outright ignored .
