  if only like 10 % are serious about doing something bad that 's still 1500 people . 
  that 's very troubling . 
  oh you sweet innocent citizens of actually well governed countries , you know so little . 
  well how else would politicians steal tax payer money if not for thousands of useless public offices ? 
   assad is winning is he ? 
  i thought other rebel forces ( not isis ) are kinda kicking his ass . 
  there is no way our government would get involved unless it somehow gets populated with far-right nutjobs . 
  there is nothing to gain and everything to risk . 
  i also doubt serbia would do something major about it . 
  it is literally in nobodies interest to have another war in the balkans . 
  there 'd be some posturing from both sides but that 's about it . 
   guys . 
  stop worrying about terrorism . 
  more people died in car crashes . 
  / s ugh i fucking hate this argument . 
  people mass murdering other people should not be normalized , ever . 
  not in france and not even in really unstable countries like syria . 
  it 's a horrible thing and it should have horrible consequences and serious responses . 
  regurgitating that stupid argument just makes you personally feel smarter than everybody else because you think you understand statistics . 
  oh yes that 's working out perfectly for them . 
  they 're all living in perfect harmony . 
  those heavily armed guards constantly pacing around big cities in israel are just for show for tourists . 
  go tell a kid from a poor working class family that he 's pampered and soft , see how that goes . 
  democracy is the wrong form of government for everybody . 
  it has just been shown , historically , that it 's in general the least wrong . 
  politics are shit in the western world too , just a bit less so . 
  `` facts are only facts if i agree with them '', 
   i do n't think i need to tell you the differance between a belief system and a language . 
  it 's all part of a culture . 
   also i think you would n't find many worshippers of jupiter , zeus , odin , perkunas or other pagan deities . 
  exactly . 
  abrahamic religions tend to force themselves upon others , that 's my entire point . 
   there are not many nahuatl speakers left now are there ? 
  and how many arabic pagan god worshipers are there left ? 
  both islam and christianity are very imperialistic religions . 
  it is . 
  and apparently if you disregard the effect of the multinationals you still get 18.7 , which is still incredible . 
  oh you mean like bosnia and albania ? 
  history has shown that in fact , yes , it is kind of a bad thing . 
  source : each and every war ever . 
  nationalism does n't mean just being proud of your heritage and whatnot , it means having an `` us versus them '' mentality and feelings of superiority . 
   `` waw waw immagrants '' yeah i 'm kinda bummed that this seemed to be the reason for people making up their minds for a major decision like this . 
  this is really short-sighted and reactionary . 
  eh fair enough , it was n't really any better than your remark . 
  yes , but preferably not with shitty snide remarks such as `` rich coming from a pole '' . 
  maybe that particular pole does n't support the views of his/her current government ? 
  we 're just riding the wave . 
  it would have been better with an actually competent government . 
   the event was not announced in advance due to fears of possible incidents . 
  probably this had something to do with it . 
  congratulations regardless . 
  the grammar is the same though so just having different words would make them different dialects , which is how they are actually classified , different dialects of the same language , which is officially called serbo-croatian or bosnian-croatian-serbian if you want to be more inclusive . 
  i would n't say appealing , just the least worst . 
  ok so what is the right math ? 
  1 dead gay dude = 1000 deported muslims ? 
  10000 maybe ? 
  10 years ago a gay pride parade could n't be held in zagreb without incidents and threats and were escorted by basically a fucking army of policeman , but it was n't muslims attacking them . 
  where the fuck were you noble internet freedom fighters then ? 
   over the characteristic most likely to determine the future : demography that 's your opinion , not fact . 
  just because you read a few bombastic headlines about immigration does n't make it the single greatest challenge europe has ever faced . 
  ok bro , keep on tilting at windmills , you 're wasting your time and energy not mine . 
   pro-eu movements are n't strongly linked to left wing parties well , no , not really . 
  there are for sure left-wing parties that support the eu but also a lot of liberal and center-right parties too . 
  i have no idea what you 're trying to imply with your original comment . 
  more eu = = literal marxist-leninst communism or what ? 
  yes , the red menace is everywhere , we must be vigilant . 
   man , we must 've really f 'd up the balkans . 
  it was pretty fucked even before you arrived . 
  you did n't exactly help the situation though . 
   so changing the name of the currency does n't lose us anything for real . 
  yeah but it would be a gamble . 
  what if another crisis comes by ? 
  then we 'd have no `` breathing room '' as you put it . 
  do you really trust our economy that much ? 
  oh sorry i thought they meant eurozone , i mixed them up . 
   and croatia to enter eea . 
  oh boy do you really want another greece ? 
  because that 's how you get another greece . 
   perhaps he 's not such a strongman after all . 
  most dictators stand on very weak foundations , this is nothing new . 
  all it takes is a few disgruntled high ranking government/party members and down they go . 
  i mostly agree with you but honestly i 'm kind of sick of the false dichotomy of `` oh those ess jay doblyoo libruls are just as bad as the ultra right wing '' . 
  no , they 're fucking not . 
  they have their fair share of nutjobs but most left-leaning/liberal people i 've met are at least willing to enter a rational discussion . 
  oh god why i only just recently forgot about that . 
  the shame , it hurts . 
  `` may god fuck the sky on you '' genius . 
  expecting people to be informed and educated is literally nazism . 
  there 's not enough liberalism to be oppressed by in croatia anyway . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure the only way to possibly get a positive result in eastern europe is to ask something along the lines of `` do you think lgbt people might be actual people ? '', 
   they just argue the name , not the right to be recognized as a couple by the state . 
  yeah it always starts with that . 
  that 's what our local anti-lgbt said , they were apparently just super concerned about the semantics . 
  after that they tried to also limit every other right lgbt people had , including abolishing the law for civil unions . 
  so yeah it 's very likely not just about the name . 
  also religious authorities can go fuck themselves , they do n't get to have a monopoly on the word `` marriage '' . 
  le edgy . 
  the actual answer is that mps are n't required to attend every parliament session , which usually means they do n't attend most of them . 
  but what / u/neutral _ fellow said is basically true . 
  oh boy here you go with the whataboutism already .
