  would this count for the grandchildren of an immigrant , who are completely westernized ? 
  stopping at grandchildren ( not including granchildren ) would probably be fine . 
  pretty sure sons of immigrants are the ones making the most trouble . 
   you 'd be willing to deport someone to a country they 've never been to for simply committing a crime ? 
  yep . 
  why should i have sympathy for criminals and extremists ? 
  if they 're of age they should be held responsible for their own actions . 
  the threat of deportation should be more of a deterrent than anything really so they do n't resort to crime and actually do something with their lives . 
  how ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , but mind providing some sources and explanations ? 
  well you should obviously wait until they 're convicted by a court , obviously just being arrested should n't be enough a cause . 
  even then there 'd be cases of abuse sure , as with any system , but for the most part i think it could work . 
  this should n't be a surprise to anyone . 
  this is happening in just about every country that 's not doing well economically , including croatia . 
  so people are racist for not liking the promotion of extremist ideologies in their country ? 
  what i 'd suggest is a one strike rule . 
  if you 're an immigrant ( or a child of an immigrant ) and get anything even slightly more serious than a parking ticket ( so that means theft , assault , scamming , ** promoting extremism ** etc. ), 
  you get sent back to your shithole country forever with no room for negotiation . 
  i think that would calm them the fuck down quite a bit . 
  well you would n't wan na be accused of oppressing those poor poor innocent immigrants , would you now ? 
  they 've sent croatian generals to hague for less . 
  this is atrocious . 
  so how many incidents like this need to happen before merkel stops sucking putin 's cock and does something about this ? 
  pretty sure the wikipedia admins would figure that out pretty quickly . 
  they look like combine technology from the outside . 
   zagreb is herzegovina 2.0 eh i would n't say it 's that bad . 
  you 're right about a bunch of them being nepotistic and very socially conservative though . 
  my family does n't really like them . 
  there 's actually a concept of `` greater slovenia '' ? 
  that 's adorable . 
  i like democracy because of that . 
  you can just outlive the people you disagree with . 
  how about : best country ever much better than the us fuck you us go eat a dick bcembtusfyusged for short . 
  i 'd be fine with that actually . 
  this is so , so much true it hurts . 
  this is why i 've given up on online leftist/anarchist communities . 
  that looks super fun , i thought these fights were just for show on renaissance fairs and such . 
  the videos need more power metal though . 
  yeah that 's probably correct , good point . 
  how do you explain switzerland then ? 
  granted they were this close to getting railed by nazi germany but up until that point it worked really well for them . 
  `` terk er jerbs '' , `` they 'll outbreed us '' , `` they 'll destroy our culture '' , etc. 
  looks a little bit like kirk and picard . 
  sure , they 're shitheads , i was just pointing out that we are talking theory here . 
  you 're completely wrong . 
  in marxist theory socialism was to be a completely democratic society and communism was to be completely classless and moneyless , very very much unlike all forms of fascism . 
  the soviet union unfortunately managed to slowly pervert the idea throughout it 's existence culminating in whatever the fuck stalin was doing . 
  are you shitting me ? 
  do you really so desperately want to be not wrong on the internet ? 
   but whilst both sides are equally as bad please provide proof for this . 
  show me one gue-ngl member that said something horrible and fascists-like . 
  not all left = = stalin . 
  did you even read up about those ` far-left ' parties before spouting bullshit ? 
  they 're not wannabe stalins , they 're just mostly against capitalism ( some of them at least ) , that 's why they 're considered as ` far-left ' . 
  and if you think anti-capitalism is literally just stalinism you need to read more . 
   do you even understand the words you 're spouting ? 
  they do , you however do n't . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libertarian_socialism read something before you start typing out stuff , you 'll look like less of an idiot . 
   i 'm not saying they did n't make those remarks they did n't . 
  i 've never seen a modern leftist party ( at least in western nations ) make even a remotely racist comment . 
  in fact that 's why they piss people off , they 're usually very pro immigration . 
  it sounds a lot like slovenian to me . 
  but cider gives me stomach cramps :(, 
   my point is , yes , the gypsies need to get their shit together . 
  but there should be more cases like that village . 
  if we give them a bit , a `` carrot '' , and say `` look , you get this and you 're all happy , but do n't . 
  '' , i think they , like all normal people , would take the chance to be a normal part of the community . 
  i agree completely . 
  there should be more cases like this , but we ca n't really take all the blame away from them , they 're people not animals , they should be held responsible for their actions . 
  i 'm fine with giving them a `` carrot '' but i do n't like people completely absolving them from everything because the white man is oppressing them . 
  they kinda did this to themselves , it 's not all racism and intolerance , even though that is part of the problem . 
  sure , but people will ( rightfully ) be wary of them until they collectively get their shit together , that 's my point . 
  and i guess it 's also just an unfortunate coincidence that a significant percentage of roma are criminals , right ? 
  croatian coast stronk !, 
  being a dick about it like the french are is bad . 
  how so ? 
  well they 've been doing fine in general for the past couple hundred years , no ? 
  maybe a united states of europe would be a good idea in the long run , who knows . 
  there are some states in the usa that are greatly different from each other in terms of economic development/output . 
  maybe not the same difference as between say sweden and romania but still . 
  i do n't think that 's the main reason it might not work . 
  would n't germany hate that since they 'd be the ones that would be dishing out the most cash ? 
  that quote is misattributed and slightly wrong . 
  it 's actually `` we will hang the capitalists with the rope that they sell us . '', 
  and it was apparently said by lenin , not stalin , and even that 's disputed . 
  also i do n't understand how it 's even slightly relevant to the article . 
  judging by those and op 's images it 's always gloomy during communism and always sunny during capitalism . 
   basically the communist movement should be considered as a separate entity to the soviet regime . 
  it should but it sometimes is n't . 
  there are a shitload of soviet union apologists among leftists . 
  that 's because we do n't market them like the germans do . 
  we pretty much just keep them to ourselves , which is a damn shame . 
  also you do n't see people eating them in restaurants because they 're eating them at home . 
  try some croatian/serbian/bosnian sausages . 
  german ones are shit compared to those , seriously . 
  i tried plenty of german ones and was thoroughly unimpressed . 
   putin can just trade him in anyway in return for easing off some of the sactions that the us are/will be imposing . 
  you do realize the us does n't care about him that much ? 
  he 's done all the damage he could , the public all but forgot about him , they wo n't use any more resources on him . 
  all cultures are equally valuable and no one can say one is morally superior to the other !,
