  i have never ever ever seen a mainstream left-wing politician comment about these issues other than just crying racism . 
  oh if only they knew it was that easy !, 
  quick contact their governments !, 
  mr. internet geo-political expert has saved europe !, 
   main capital as opposed to secondary capital ? 
  honestly i 'd rather have the rain , i fucking hate snow . 
  it 's pretty for a whole few hours until it turns to slush that i have to walk through to work . 
   you fund your own pension . 
  a private pension . 
  great , but then i should n't be paying into the state 's pension system thus i should be getting a bigger paycheck . 
  so what i might as well drop dead when i exit the workforce because i did n't want any children ? 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  it 's kinda weird that the entire system depends on magic money that just appears out of nowhere though , can that even be sustainable long term ? 
  why would this be a bad thing really ? 
   give him a year , if he lasts that long , then judge . 
  sure , but i 'm not really optimistic , he apparently has former ties with hdz which is in no way a good thing . 
  they would , but then the pm would n't be some random guy that was chosen in literally hours . 
  well i personally do n't think so . 
  when the plan was still that he forms the government with most there were at least negotiations happening , it did n't feel so cloak-and-dagger like this did . 
  and also he suggested a well known person for pm ( the leader of most ) which is more sensible in my opinion . 
  him forming the government would probably still be a betrayal of the voters of both him and the most guy but definitely not on the same scale as this . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm really hoping for the business guy to do some good but i 'm not optimistic . 
   tell us what violates democratic rules ? 
  rushed , hurried , behind-the-scenes last minute `` negotiations '' and choosing a random business guy as pm literally the last day before the deadline . 
  * technically * they did n't violate anything but the whole thing is fishy as fuck and honestly in a sane system would be illegal . 
  he may be butthurt but how is he not right ? 
  who the fuck is this new guy ? 
  there was no mention of him until yesterday , the voters have every right to feel deceived . 
  plus the most guys said they would n't enter a coalition with just a single party but here we are . 
  rose tinted glasses . 
  she was at least as useless as him since everybody in her party was preoccupied with stabbing her in the back and getting ready for the criminal part of the party to reassume command . 
  yeah i do n't know what to think of this . 
  i 'm afraid he 'll just be an unwilling puppet of hdz ( the criminal organization that robbed croatian citizens of billions ) . 
  and also he literally was n't mentioned anywhere until today , how is that fair to the citizens of croatia ? 
  he should have been mentioned as a potential pm candidate before the elections . 
  why is that exactly ? 
  are the elected some kind of radicals ? 
  apparently for a significant of percentage of them , yes . 
  but is n't that their culture ? 
  should n't we be accepting their culture ? 
  they told me i should accept other cultures because no culture is better than the other , i 'm confused now . 
  [ le ] terally just logged in to comment right ? 
  people who are that stupid as teenagers wo n't be that much smarter as adults . 
  this is way beyond typical teenage rebellion . 
  my guess is the recent immigrants are radicalizing the descendants of immigrants . 
  i understand your point of view but for whatever reason muslims seem to be the exception to the `` moderates changing with the time '' . 
  recently they 've only been changing for the worse , with even 3rd generation descendants of immigrants turning to extremism . 
  i mostly blame islam itself for this because it very easily allows for this behavior , that 's why i treat it differently than christianity which has more or less been steadily becoming less radical throughout history , or at least the last 200 years . 
  i 'm only extreme when it comes to enforcing the protection of freedoms . 
  if a thing you do limits other people 's freedom then someone should stop you doing the thing , it 's that simple . 
  well yeah that 's probably a bit too extreme but things like that would work , eventually . 
  east germany is basically almost completely atheist/agnostic because of communist repression . 
  not that i 'm saying we should be beating muhammad out of them but some form of saying `` we do n't like your religion '' would probably move things in the right direction . 
  i am for liberties . 
  islam is against those liberties . 
  thus i am against islam . 
  it 's not fucking rocket science . 
  but then he 'd have to pull his head out of his own arse to go read a dictionary . 
   whine some more . 
  great level of discourse you have there . 
  better plug your ears to any criticism and hum the narrative to yourself . 
  sd probably would n't make a great governing party and probably have a great deal of bigots in their ranks but they 're clearly a reaction to some serious shit that 's been happening , they did n't get that much support for nothing , this has been a long time coming . 
  it 's clearly just neo-nazi slander and fearmongering , those poor poor immigrants would never do such a thing . 
  who 's attacking without actual arguments now ? 
   it 's a journalist 's job to ask loaded , inflammatory questions . 
  not really but even if we assume that to be true all the question for the immigrants were in the vein of : `` are you being bullied ? 
  :( :( '' with the answer : `` yes we are being bullied . 
  :( :( '' also to state without reservations that multiculturalism works in the uk is just beyond dumb . 
  the reporter kept asking loaded , inflammatory questions and only painted the immigrants as victims . 
  there was n't one shred of honest journalism to be found in that video . 
  eugh , the guardian . 
  i 'm sure sd has it 's fair share of neo-nazi douchebags but this was just way too obviously biased . 
  piss poor journalism . 
  which is exactly what i was trying to say ... 
  it is on us to accept them . 
  it is possible to just be xenophobic for the sake of being xenophobic you know . 
  if they behave by our rules it is on us to accept them that way , that 's not `` pc madness '' . 
   that it is our duty to figure out how to integrate them more successfully that is both our and their duty , why do they always put all the blame on the native population ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's not a vicious cycle , but really what else is there to do ? 
  yeah but i honestly do n't see another choice . 
  if a great power does n't end this quickly the war will rage on for perhaps even years . 
   the european left has betrayed it 's classical enlightment ideals . 
  and is now drowning into the muddy waters of postmodern relativism . 
  perfect explanation . 
  i 'm still hoping for a new left movement that will return to it 's enlightenment roots . 
  are n't the czech overreacting just a tiny bit ? 
  i do n't think many even want to go to the czech republic . 
  i mean we have tens of thousands of them crossing croatia every week and nobody is that pissy about it . 
  i 'd understand if germans protested like this though . 
   if you see them as humans at least before they go into extremism , you have a chance to reach them . 
  sure , but after they drink the kool-aid , they 're not human to me anymore , i do n't care what was the reason for them becoming like that . 
  they 're trying to paint isis supporters and fighters as `` misguided youth '' . 
  they 're fucking psychopaths and should be kept away from the rest of society or killed , i do n't believe in ` rehabilitating ' these fuckwads . 
  it 's almost like they 're being apologetic for isis . 
  fucking awful article . 
  whoop-dee-do . 
  islam is a religion with a very troubling dogma , it 's only salvageable if they completely ignore that mohammad was basically batshit insane ( which most do ) . 
  the fact that `` most * real * muslims are shocked and appaled '' is completely irrelevant , it 's still a terrible religion since it allows for this kind of behavior . 
  trust me , we have much bigger issues at hand . 
  none of the migrants actually want to stay in croatia anyway , they 'll get out by any means necessary .
