    the anarchist retards at hebdo are incapable of any nuance though . 
  oh the irony . 
  germoney is remoneyizing . 
  all is good . 
  i feel you . 
  it 's like i 'm literally the only person in my country with any time management skills . 
  you 're looking into it a bit too deeply i think . 
  i do n't think they really give it much thought beyond `` gay people are icky and i do n't like them '', 
  that 's true but they want to try and minimize the shock for their people , which is commendable . 
  if everything fails they 'll probably eat a turd and concede to whatever europe demands . 
  of course they do , they 're just negotiating very aggressively . 
  we 'll see if it pays off . 
  it 's fairly known that a lot of them secretly romanticize or admire fascist movements . 
  that 's basically the definition of crypto-fascism . 
  it 's funny how these crypto-fascist parties always have `` freedom '' or `` democracy '' in their name . 
  it 's like they 're desperately saying `` we super promise we 're not the bad guys ! '', 
  '' ... we demand your compassion ... '' it does n't work like that . 
  compassion is given , not demanded . 
  fucking parasites , the sad thing is there actually are a lot of people who would benefit from asylum seeking and would actually contribute to european society but they are trampled over by these opportunists who paid their way across the mediterranean . 
  it 's all too easy for a lot of people in croatia . 
  i know a lot of people who desperately want to leave even though they have decent jobs here . 
  hating everything croatian seems to be the norm here . 
  it 's a special brand of balkan trashiness . 
  imagine if some trailer trash got elected president , the equivalent happened in croatia . 
  i disagree . 
  i believe implementing certain ideals brings overall more happiness to those that practice them . 
  it is not an accident ideals of democracy and freedom spread that much across europe and are slowly spreading around the world . 
  traditionalist cultures are dying off everywhere , somewhere more slowly than elsewhere , but they are . 
   because they simply stem from different ideals . 
  i 'm claiming that some ideals are superior to others , so cultures that value democracy and personal freedom are for me superior to cultures that do n't . 
  i would n't say multiculturalism has failed completely . 
  it fails only when the colliding cultures are vastly different , which is the case with western european cultures and african/middle eastern cultures . 
  it 's not that people do n't care , but with cases like this it 's really difficult to welcome them with open arms . 
  kinda but not really . 
  just because it 's a relatively new ethnic identity does n't mean it 's `` fake '' . 
  i do n't even get what you 're trying to do . 
  does the fact that chetniks did their own killings somehow lessen the significance that the ustashe committed horrible atrocities too ? 
  what you 're doing is just about equally stupid when a german says `` well it was n't just hitler , stalin was a bad guy too ! '', 
  well i can only imagine this kind of thing requires a whole shitload of paperwork for both sides , working with eritrea to reduce it does n't seem impossible . 
  if they really are sending legit asylum seekers back then that 's pretty shitty . 
  maybe they 're just working to make the rejection procedure more streamlined ? 
  yeah but that 's kind of an insane number of candles , i did n't realize there was such a huge need for those . 
  what the fuck do you do with so many candles anyway ? 
   who are you to say that i should pay more for a good than i could possibly be paying ? 
  who are you to say shittier food standards are good enough for me ? 
  do n't care . 
  i 'd rather keep the food i already have healthier . 
   why does everybody in europe think that lowering their standards a bit , will suddenly turn their country into a radioactive wasteland ? 
  nobody thinks that but why the fuck should we be lowering our standards so us corporations could profit ? 
  holy shit this only just now dawned on me . 
  my life is in shambles . 
  croatia obedient !, 
  with obedience comes discipline !, 
  with discipline comes power !, 
  soon we will be as strong as germoney !, 
  yes that was the video where i learned this from . 
  i was going to post it but i forgot where it was from , thanks . 
  they 're likes from `` like farms '' in places like vietnam . 
  they sometimes give likes even to pages that did n't pay them to do so so it does n't seem as suspicious , it 's a pretty big problem for people who rely heavily on facebook for promotion . 
  a positive effect on the economy does n't always mean a positive effect on the quality of life of the average citizen . 
  yes !, 
  it happened !, 
  we are finally better than sweden at something !, 
   how do you know where they come from ? 
  why should that be our problem ? 
  eugh it 's the same dumbshit arguments we had with our referendum here in croatia . 
  i hope the people of ireland will be more reasonable than us . 
   of course it is , it was implemented to replace religious traditions ( kommunionsweihe etc. ), 
  with more `` socialist '' compatible practices . 
  it originated in the 19th century . 
  as far as i know germany was n't socialist then . 
  people still think colonialism is a valid excuse for things being shitty ? 
   small fetuses have n't had the chance to live their life . 
  small fetuses are n't people , i have absolutely no fucking idea why some people treat them as such . 
  they 're just marginally more `` people '' than a single sperm or egg . 
  well the first one was a monarchy , the second one was a socialist federation , so now it only makes sense for the third one to be a socialist dictatorship with a de-facto dynasty in control of it , like north korea . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  but then you would be infringing on the americans ' freedom to bring other people freedom . 
  no no no you misunderstand , you do n't get to decide if you get freedom or not , that 's the beauty of it !, 
  it 's about time the people of the uk are liberated from the yoke of oppression of the heinous windsor dynasty . 
  this is so ass backwards and batshit insane . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  b-but , something something bootstraps . 
  yeah but you kinda seem like a pretentious douche for doing it constantly . 
  i hope they 're gon na take these more seriously now . 
  i 'd be surprised if the planes did n't have some safety so that that can not happen . 
  i mean you might be right but it sounds like something the engineers would have thought about . 
  smells more and more like snackbar to me . 
  but no snackbar enthusiasts have claimed responsibility yet so i 'm still doubtful . 
  maybe the pilot in the cabin just went batshit on his own ? 
   nothing , considering where you 're from , you have in mind i presume . 
  yeah i was definitely thinking of more sinister stuff . 
  that does n't sound undemocratic at all actually , by balkan standards at least . 
   they had to do some pretty undemocratic things ... 
  this is not something to be proud of . 
   so now he was drunk ? 
  does n't matter either way , he fucking physically assaulted a person on work , that 's unacceptable however you look at it . 
  i do n't understand how some people are defending this behavior . 
  `` but he 's so popular and famous , he 's allowed to act like that '' , what the fuck ? 
   and people who hold prejudices against roma usually never had any actual encounter with them .
