  usually rusophiles blow their load a bit deeper in the discussion when they 're done with the denial and bargaining . 
   the other would be that they are trying to reassure the people that the stance of the serbian government has n't changed so it was a cheap populist stunt to appease their dumb voters ? 
  fair enough . 
    \u0130stanbul has a higher population than all of greece . 
  til . 
  pretty cool . 
  i wish she was a croatian merkel . 
  merkel occasionally makes a sound decision , an ability our president has yet to master . 
  i expect absolutely no initiative from her . 
  all she knows is how to suck up to people , when everyone else jumps on the bandwagon so will she , but do n't expect an original thought from her . 
  and also who can really be an authority on what is or is n't fake ? 
  i 'm not one of those alt-right trump-fellating rt watching russian useful idiots but something like this is a very slippery slope . 
  i do n't trust any government of the world saying a piece of news is fake or not . 
  what was it propaganda for ? 
  i was n't super impressed by the video either but i would n't call it propaganda . 
  i think leftist should just give up on the words socialism and communism . 
  clearly they evoke too many negative emotions in too many people so much they cloud all rational thought . 
  just find another word . 
  i agree with you , all i 'm saying is giving right wing populist shitheads like wilders the time of the day because of just this one issue is pretty stupid . 
  if you inform yourself i 'm sure you 'd manage to find a reasonable smaller party in your country that agrees with you on immigration issues but is n't pants-on-head retarded on other issues . 
  either that or start a grassroots movement . 
  voting for people like le pen and wilders ( and single-issue voting in general ) is just political laziness . 
  that 's such a shortsighted view . 
  immigration is just one issue out of many europe is facing , and i would n't even say it 's the biggest one , it 's high on the list that 's for sure but it 's not the only one . 
  you care about it so much because you * feel * like it 's this huge earth-shattering big deal . 
  civilization is n't on the brink of collapse because a few million immigrants for fuck sake . 
  yeah in my experience right wing internet freedom fighters do n't really want freedom of speech , they want the privilege to not be called assholes . 
  yes , because reactionary populism has always been the cure throughout history , never once did it go wrong . 
  almost every mainstream leftist is a `` caviar socialist '' . 
  i really hate the state of the left today , either they 're a `` caviar socialist '' or a revolutionary leftist with a twinge of leninst/stalinist/maoist apologism . 
  there does n't seem to be a feasible leftist movement that 's not either of those two . 
  right wing demagogy does n't have the same ring to it . 
   you talk as though these parties are the reincarnation of the nazi party waiting to seize power and start a dictatorship . 
  so do they literally have to be that until it is acceptable for you start to disagreeing with them ? 
  they have awful , shitty , short-sighted populist opinions and they would be shitty at governing any country properly , just like trump 's presidency will undoubtedly be shitty . 
  immigration is n't the one and only issue europe is facing , in fact it 's actually in the grand scheme of things not that big of a deal , people just like panicking about it and the media like to make you panic about it . 
  europe has in the past endured and will likely in the future endure larger population shifts than this . 
    i 've been saying this for years . 
  every non-mainstream leftist has been saying this for years . 
  it 's just that it 's easier to have your head up your own arse sniffing your farts and telling working class white people to check their privilege . 
  well there we go now , trump is president-elect . 
   cultural marxism congratulations , you just invalidated your opinion . 
  and how do you prove the opposite ? 
  this is one of those things we just ca n't have the whole picture off , and likely ever wo n't . 
  the best you can do is trust the majority . 
  just admit you want muslims to be guilty . 
  what you 're doing is n't some brave , noble search for the truth , it 's just old-fashioned xenophobia . 
    at the very least , the possibility needs to be considered . 
  it was . 
  it was also debunked by multiple sides , as stated . 
  also he was n't silenced since we are right now talking about it . 
  you really want muslims to be guilty , do n't you ? 
  `` i think reptilian jews are controlling the world . '', 
  should an opinion like that also be held in high regard ? 
  there are multiple source claiming the guy is just plain wrong , why should n't i dismiss his opinion ? 
  so i should believe this guy over other eye-witnesses because he 's in a band ? 
  no achskushually it 's a really really old ancient croatian slogan used by this one guy this one time , not fascist at all . 
  oh please , if this were a far-left group you 'd be calling them worse than a gang . 
       if it was greenpeace , everyone would approve as that is their daily shit . 
  no they would n't , stop making excuses for these shitheads and pretending you 're being neutral and balanced , it 's apparent you 're heavily biased . 
   national-bolshevik party , who were , obviously , nazi communists . 
  that 's just beyond retarded . 
  i mean i guess it makes sense in a horseshoe-theory kind of way but it still sounds ridiculous . 
   countries seeking to join nato can not have any outstanding territorial disputes . 
  then how did croatia and slovenia enter nato ? 
  or is that a different kind of territorial dispute ? 
  what hate bandwagon ? 
  all i see in this thread is a healthy dose of skepticism . 
  the pro-musk circlejerk is much much stronger than the skeptics . 
  i mean just go look at / r/futurology , he 's like a fucking spiritual leader to them . 
  but how do you trust that someone like that is really rehabilitated ? 
  how do you know they wo n't relapse or are n't just faking it ? 
  it takes a very broken mind to distort reality to such a degree to justify such violence , i honestly ca n't see how you could rehabilitate that . 
  in all seriousness these things are often pretty unhygienic as they usually do n't get cleaned often enough , even when people are n't pissing into them . 
  oh boy a russian partaking in some whataboutism , did n't see that happen in a good whole day . 
    are you seriously buying the story that we are stealing your property ? 
  not really , but i think it 's fair to leave an arbitration that was proven to be corrupt , even if they `` fixed '' it later . 
  both of us are dicks . 
  countries in general are dicks when it comes to claiming territory . 
  it also means something similar to `` bro '' in bosnian . 
   but if google suddenly shut down because of this the pressure on politicians would be immense . 
  you 're overestimating how much people care about google . 
  most just use the search engine itself , which can be easily replaced . 
  so can maps , and even youtube . 
  also governments wo n't fall because people would be mildly annoyed because google play services stopped working , in fact it would probably be a relief to a lot . 
  the only tricky one would be gmail , but people would be more much more mad at google than at europe because of that one . 
  finally politicians are talking about this . 
  i have a few phd student friends and this is a really big issue for them . 
  and not just them , everybody could benefit from this . 
  yep , it 's still legitimate . 
  we really need compulsory voting . 
  in croatia it 's regularly below 50 % . 
  i think their point was that serbs in general feel closer to russia than to the rest of europe . 
  of course it would be nice if west/central europe and russia were closer but that 's another story . 
  i really do n't get this argument , especially from smaller countries . 
  in a global economy , for better or for worse , you do n't have true sovereignty whether you like that or not , everything is interconnected . 
  the best you can do is give that sovereignty up in a controlled and democratic manner and not let the whims of the global market do it for you . 
  you would have damn well deserved that 0 . 
  that song was fucking atrocious . 
   leftists do this as well yeah nah not really .
