* oh no , i 'm not normal !, 
  * it does n't matter if it 's normal or not ; he 's only spamming if the content is irrelevant or attempting to advertise or spread malware , etc. 
  it 's not spam when it 's relevant to the subreddits being posted in . 
  if people only posted a news story or link , etc to a single subreddit , people would miss out on content ( leading to reposts too ) . 
  [ this photo is at the top of the page ; maybe your browser stuffed up . 
  ] ( http://breakingdefense.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2015/08/italian-tanker-f-35-refuel.jpg ), 
  the guy you 're thinking of is pierre sprey , and he had little to do with the f-16 's design , despite his claims to the contrary - he was an analyst for the pentagon who had input into what features it should have . 
  his idea was for a small , light jet with no radar , 2 heatseeker missiles , no air-to-ground weaponry and no equipment for flying in bad weather or at night . 
  beyond that he had no input and he quit soon after with a reputation for being a luddite . 
  those articles do n't say $ 400 million , they say approximately $ 400 billion to develop and produce all 2443 + aircraft for the us . 
  that 's about $ 160 million per jet and a number of support systems . 
  the price for the jet by itself is even lower - the majority of f-35 's built will cost about half of that . 
   wasnt the entire uk order required to replace every single engine ? 
  nope ; i think what you 're thinking of is that the uk flip-flopped on which type of f-35 they wanted ; they ended up sticking to their original decision though . 
   and first deliveries might not make it untill 2019 / ? 
  the uk already has a few f-35bs delivered , although they 're operating from us bases until there 's enough british pilots , maintainers , aircraft , etc ready to form an operational squadron back in the uk ; same goes for australia , norway and netherlands . 
  [ this predates that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-ceuo1r4we ) back on the f-35 though ; the big difference between it 's system and that of the rafale 's or any other fighter 's is that with previous jets , the jet itself does n't 100 % know that the enemy aircraft is behind it , nor does the missile . 
  they basically get told that there 's one behind it , and from there , the missile has to perform a pre-programmed maneuver to get into a position where it can see the missile . 
  what this means is that if the enemy is too close or manages to change relative bearing too quickly , the missile can launch and just fly off into the distance , or in a worst-case scenario it could lock onto it 's launch platform . 
  with the f-35 , the jet gets a lock-on for the missile and remains in constant communication ( though it does n't have to ) . 
  this means that if the missile launches and the enemy is too close / stays within the missile 's turn radius / outside it 's fov , then the f-35 can tell it what to do next in order to obtain the lock it was trying to obtain . 
  it also means that theoretically , even if the missile is being jammed with ir lasers , the f-35 can keep giving it guidance towards its target ( although i 'm not super confident in the terminal accuracy of such a system ) . 
  yeah , i 'm assuming that the reason they were n't fired was because they 're still good enough at their jobs and because rand did n't lose much face with the us dod , while at the same time they would have gained respect from the more ... radical reformists . 
  the `` rand slides '' are n't by rand , it 's by 2 biased and rogue employees ( john stillion and scott perdue ) who used the rand name without permission ; the 2 employees only had public / limited data on the f-35 and made poor assumptions regarding tactics , jet , stealth , missile , etc data . 
  they also get a lot of data from air power australia which is regarded as well written rubbish in the industry . 
  again :  recently , articles have appeared in the australian press with assertions regarding ** a war game in which analysts from the rand corporation were involved . 
  those reports are not accurate . 
   rand corporation said it `` ca n't turn , ca n't climb , ca n't run '' actually they did n't : http://www.rand.org/news/press/2008/09/25.html  for release  thursday  september 25 , 2008  andrew hoehn , director of rand project air force , made the following statement today :  `` recently , articles have appeared in the australian press with assertions regarding a war game in which analysts from the rand corporation were involved . 
  those reports are not accurate . 
  rand did not present any analysis at the war game relating to the performance of the f-35 joint strike fighter , nor did the game attempt detailed adjudication of air-to-air combat . 
  neither the game nor the assessments by rand in support of the game undertook any comparison of the fighting qualities of particular fighter aircraft . '', 
  in regards to the 50,000 lbf ; source is behind a paywall , but you can see the summary and 50,000 lb figure in the summary of the [ top result here ] ( http://aviationweek.com/search/results/pratt%20raises%20stakes%20in%20jsf%20engine%20battle ) . 
  the mig-29 was the first to have proper off-bore cueing allowing ( iirc ) a 60 degree off-boresight lock , but this was little more than an aiming device . 
  what the eurofighter typhoon does is far more advanced in that it does project symbology , etc onto the visor , etc. 
  however , the f-35 is still another leap ahead ; not only does it do symbology ( and in 360 degrees ) , but it also projects actual video onto the virtual equivalent of a 32 '' tv at 1 meter 's distance ( it 's a 30x40 degree window ) . 
  what this means is that , whereas ( for example ) a typhoon pilot either has to rely on the target data his computers or an ally has supplied , or to look down on his console to task a pod to zoom in on it , an f-35 pilot can target a contact in the same manner as the typhoon pilot and the f-35 will automatically provide him with zoomed in tv / ir video footage , synthetic aperture radar scans , etc. 
  in providing cas , this is an important distinction as it allows you to maintain flight attitude to keep your flying situational awareness , while allowing you to look through your jet to see exactly what is happening on the ground and to confirm or alter directions provided by ground forces . 
  in the air , it also means that if you wanted to , you could trigger a video portal showing stabilised video of an enemy fighter . 
  if they got behind you , you can focus on your breathing and turning , and still see exactly what he 's doing with a glance of your eye . 
  it enters operational service with the usmc in july , usaf in aug 2016 and us navy in late 2018 or early 2019 . 
  the development phase for the jet will officially be completed at the end of 2018 when full rate production begins . 
  upgrades and further testing will continue for the rest of it 's life . 
  a bullshit analysis ; it pitted theoretical models of 72 chinese fighters against 16 estimations of how an f-35 would fly , and without the f-35 's electronic capabilities . 
  note too that the pair who did the simulation only had access to public data on the f-35 . 
  after they went public with their ` controversial findings ' , the media immediately linked them to their employer , the rand corporation who then had to [ issue a press statement ] ( http://www.rand.org/news/press/2008/09/25.html ) denying the validity of the simulation or their connection to it . 
  no , that 's just the primer ; the stealth coatings on the f-35 go for 6-8 years before needing replacement . 
  only if they 're not travelling at supersonic speeds however . 
  only if you 're lucky ; missiles like the amraam pull more than 60gs in their turns . 
  not true ; you can use radar to identify an aircraft by the signals it reflects , or the radar emissions it uses . 
  yes and no ; russia actually came up with the term decades ago ( i think it was in the 1970s ) . 
  today it is a bit of a buzzword , but the definition does nevertheless hold meaning . 
  they 're still extremely biased - if you think that these nations ' militaries are n't actually happy about the jet , [ then take a look at this video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfbw5u10w0w ), 
  to be specific / address that : the main reason that low-frequency radar ca n't normally distinguish targets is due to limitations in it 's angular resolution , which is directly tied to how large the wavelength is ( a low frequency radar has a very large wavelength ) . 
  now , when a fighter is 50km , 100km , 200km , etc away , that angular resolution is a serious limitation to the radar 's ability to distinguish targets , but if the jet gets close enough , that resolution is then great enough to locate exactly where the jet is in 3d space . 
  it 's like if you were taking a photo with a really low-resolution camera ; you might see the jet represented as a single pixel that 's a little extra grey / black , as that pixel also represents a 5 x 5 degree region that ( at the distance of the jet ) represents a 5km x 5km patch of sky . 
  in the case of the f-117 , what happened was that nato commanders screwed up by sending them along specific paths repeatedly ; the commander of the sam then used information of this to scan the skies where they knew the aircraft was going to be flying ; the f-117 would be opening it 's weapons bays at around this position as well which then allowed the commander to get confirmations that this was the location . 
  after 3 or so nights , the sam commander finally got a lock on the f-117 when it was ( iirc ) < 50km away and had it 's weapons bays open ; the f-117 was n't equipped with any radar warning equipment , so it had no idea it was being targeted and the awacs that was meant to provide this service was limited in it 's capabilities , meaning the sam had about 14 seconds to get a lock . 
  he was able to get sufficient accuracy , launched his missile and shot down the f-117 . 
  in the case of an f-35 , even if commanders screw up again , it has the most sensitive / advanced passive radar fitted across it 's airframe which allows it to rapidly detect if a radar is scanning for it and to then triangulate the location of that radar from some significant distance . 
  in other words , if the f-117 were swapped for an f-35 , the f-35 would have seen the enemy , jammed him and/or dropped a bomb on him as well . 
  bae does n't make the helmet anymore ; they were producing a substitute as a back-up for a year or two , but that got canned when the main helmet made by vsi got back on track . 
  bae does however manufacture some of the aft fuselage , vertical and horizontal tails , as well as fuel systems , crew escape , life support , prognostic health management integration and things related to landing them on uk carrier . 
  there 's also more than 100 suppliers / other contractors within the uk doing work on the program like martin-baker , cobham , etc. 
  - south korea only signed a deal to buy f-35s last year , not when bush was in power . 
  - brazil bough gripens because they 're cheap and have good bang for buck ; the fact that it uses us engines is of little consequence . 
  some of the avionics are , but not all ; the sensors and radar are made by northrop grumman . 
  some of the structure of the jet is also made by british companies . 
  the short counter to that article : - stealth does not make you invisible , it reduces the distance that you can get to the enemy without being detected . 
  - low frequency radar like this was the first type of radar , having been used back in ww2 , but today can not distinguish targets , meaning high frequency radars must be used to get a lock , which is then countered by the stealth . 
  - stealth aircraft like the f-35 can still get closer to low wavelength radars without being detected than non-stealth aircraft . 
  - the technology is technically doable , but still has not yet been accomplished by anyone , even nations like the us and australia who have been leaders in radar tech in recent decades . 
  $ 1.45 trillion is an old estimate . 
  the current estimate is roughly $ 1 trillion ( closer to $ 0.9 t ) in then-year dollars ( aka with inflation included ) . 
  in 2012 dollars , it 's $ 541.1 billion ( [ page 96 ] ( http://breakingdefense.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2014/04/f-35-2013-sar.pdf ) ) . 
  the cost to design the 3 variants and build 2443 of them is $ 320 billion in 2012 dollars for per-aircraft system cost of $ 131 million , including things like spare parts , ground equipment , etc. 
  the cost to fly them , pay for rising fuel costs , arm them with missiles , buy upgrades later on , maintain them , etc is the rest of the $ 916.8 billion . 
  the f-111 only really failed for the navy ; for the usaf and australia who also operated it , it was a very fast , very long ranged tactical bomber that could evade radar at the time by using terrain following radar . 
  also , pierre sprey is not the designer of the f-16 ; he was one of several analysts on the team that set the requirements for the jet ; it was then actual engineers that designed it . 
  the f-16 that flies today is n't even the one he wanted ; he 's so untrusting of technology that he wanted the f-16 to have no radar and only 2 missiles so that it could be lighter . 
  the only public simulation that ever suggested that was a very biased one which was published with false credentials . 
  to give a short version , it means : 1 . 
  that the jets can talk to each other properly , give each other information . 
  you do n't want to be using aol messenger if everyone is now using facebook messenger . 
  so that commanders do n't have to ask different nations `` hey slovenia , can you plane over there laser designate ( mark with a laser ) these targets for me ? '', 
  if nations are using the same aircraft , with the same tools , they already know that you can mark those targets . 
  this also extends to things like electronic warfare , radar mapping , carrying certain types of bombs , the range that aircraft can fly , etc. 
  if ( eg ) a british jet has an uncommon part break while at an airfield in iraq , the british commander can talk to an american or norwegian or australian commander and request a spare part from their inventory , allowing them to fix a plane in hours instead of days , while the governments work out a transfer of funds later . 
  you also want a number of cas and interdiction configurations . 
  and remember , if russia is invading finland , it 's pretty likely you 'll have more than your own military backing you up . 
  probably something on that order . 
  that 's not the only configuration you want to consider though . 
  for a small nation ( which is n't a g20 nation ) you probably do n't want to go with b or c variants though ; they add considerable extra cost . 
  minor point , but you 're counting only the f-35 's external hardpoints there . 
  the gripen has roughly 7-9 useable hardpoints ( roughly , because there are 10 , but some are too close together to be used simultaneously ) . 
  of those hardpoints , 2 are only for small missiles like the aim-9x ( they have a max of ~ 250lb capacity ) . 
  for missions of similar radius or air-to-ground operations of the f-35 , the gripen will also need to use external fuel tanks and a targeting pod , which uses up hardpoints . 
  ecm pods may also be desired , which use up one or two other hardpoints . 
  the f-35 has 11 useable hardpoints ; 3 on each wing ( 6 ) , plus two per internal bay ( 4 ) .
