  this is true but the same can be said about many other industries and yet their jobs are n't a talking point nearly as much . 
  and why would you want a job as a coal miner anyways ? 
  jobs like that are the reason men have shorter lifespans than women . 
  i do n't think the pay would be any good either when you have to compete with chinese miners and the like . 
  i 'm guessing these are the only options they were given ? 
  i 'm sure if there were answers like `` more nhs funding '' , `` trade agreements with everyone '' , `` take back control '' , those would at least get more than 9 % regardless of how unrealistic they are . 
  [ there are approximately 174,000 blue-collar , full-time , permanent jobs related to coal in the u.s. : mining ( 83,000 ) , transportation ( 31,000 ) , and power plant employment ( 60,000 ) , thus , permanent blue-collar coal industry employees represent 0.12 % of the u.s. 
  workforce . 
  ] ( http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/coal_and_jobs_in_the_united_states#total_coal-related_jobs ) i really do n't get the us obsession with coal jobs . 
  did the protesters know ? 
  i did n't hear it being mentioned among the reasons for protesting . 
  it proves russia dislikes the sanction , making it less likely they 'll pull another ukraine in the future . 
  damn , that 's pretty low , even for putin . 
  i looked it up and they did n't even wait a day before saying it ... 
  we 'll if you 're just gon na call my comment idiocy then do n't bother to respond . 
  i see nothing `` mindbogglingly stupid '' about evaluating the damage sanctions do by how much the sanctioned party whines . 
  people protest against corruption , days later putin announces more corruption . 
  what a petty little man . 
  if the sanctions were useless putin 's lackeys all around the west would n't be complaining about them . 
  just today there were news of more of trump 's friends conspiring to remove the sanctions on russia . 
  did russia light up any landmarks in solidarity with terror victims in europe ? 
  i do n't find anything with google but maybe i 'm not using the right search terms . 
  moscow tv tower for france : https://www.instagram.com/p/-e2sutsyqz/ https://www.instagram.com/p/-drezcyzak/ thanks u/mazur49, 
  my condolences . 
  hopefully none of the injured die . 
  that double crisis hit hard . 
  this map really needs some third countries for comparison . 
  i wonder how america is doing . 
  the 2017 report has the values for 2015 though . 
  so it 's the same thing as op 's post . 
  such maps and the balkan memes make it seem westerners think the balkans are the ex-yugos + albania . 
  not sure how i feel about that . 
  serbia is not a warzone so those are not refugees , they 're migrants . 
  honestly i 'd be more sympathetic towards them if it were n't for the consistently manipulative media coverage they get . 
  always the 10-15 % woman/kids get put at front of the picture . 
  it 's dishonest . 
  plus it 's means that the newspapers do n't think men deserve sympathy . 
  slabesti = lose weight romania slav confirmed . 
  i might be wrong here but i think that 's how capitalism works in every big country . 
  the problem is n't capitalism , it 's corruption being advertised as capitalism . 
  in some countries where the same happens media is n't even up to the task of exposing it or if it does it 's not considered a real problem . 
  people should really pay attention to what happens in turkey and learn from it . 
  there are a number of countries going in a similar direction . 
  all socialist stand together and defend each other . 
  what 's funny is that eventually they 're all declared `` not real socialists '' . 
   so again your only argument is `` they do it worse than everybody else '' . 
  how is that my only argument ? 
  i also said they 've started wars , they try to turn you allies against you , that there already is escalation and if left unopposed war will come either way and although i have n't said it because you assume war is the only way and i do n't want to rule it out , there are a lot of other measures other than straight up war . 
  lastly i did n't merely say that russia is worse but that they 're much worse . 
  if anyone did what russia does that would warrant a response too . 
   i said they are assholes but im fine with assholes , everyone is an asshole in a way . 
  im propably one aswell that does n't mean that you should be indifferent to the proliferation of assholes or the loss of friends . 
  if you are fine with that than i do n't know what to say but i 'm not going to stop pointing it out as a problem . 
   i have to admit i 'm not completely up to date on ukraine , georgia and moldova so i cant comment on that other than calling that war justification once more very short sighted like any other justification for it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria_war they 're from 2008 and the 90s , recent enough to see a pattern along with ukraine . 
   i never intended to criticize your age , im just trying to self reflect to see how my opinions stand to those of other age groups and if i 've reached the point where im officially one of the old guys who advocate against war and therefore are seen as people who do nothing with my 30 years . 
  23 years . 
  it 's not that i want war , in my post history i have repeatedly criticised us wars , i would much rather find a peaceful solution with russia . 
  but if softer measures do n't work then i support harsher . 
  as i said the ways things are going there will either be war but declared by russia starting from the baltics or russia would cause even more damage through its support of far right and sometimes straight up fascist european parties . 
  russia 's experimentation of cyber warfare in ukraine is also not to be overlooked as that too could cause great damage if used on europe without being official war . 
  does official war even exist anymore ? 
  sometimes russia still pretends its military never attacked anything in ukraine . 
  maybe you should address my post in stead of misrepresenting parts of it or resorting to age arguments . 
  no , no one is influencing western elections in any way close to what russia does . 
  if you think trump 's asshole then you would n't like being surrounded by trump , le pen , putin , wilders , orban and a bunch of smaller no names while your friends abandon you because they believed what russian propaganda told them ? 
  there already is war . 
  just ask ukraine . 
  or georgia or moldova . 
  you continue being against even sanctions and then there will be war at your border or maybe even country . 
  really , you think the eu would 've been no different if a few elections had gone the other way ? 
  i see from your post history that you 're german . 
  do you like how state sponsored media like rt tries to convince the world that germany is a shithole where people get raped left and right ? 
  the trolls they hire to parrot that all over the internet ? 
  they do n't just exaggerate in some cases they make up such stories . 
  in other countries russian media paints germany as an out of control eu dictator that harms everyone else . 
  i can see it my own where strongly russophilic news sites either treat germany with ridicule or as a threat . 
  a huge number of far right parties in europe are sponsored by russia and speak fondly of it . 
  if a significant number of them got elected they could cause at least as much damage as war with russia . 
  to close your eyes to the damage russia is willfully trying to inflict on europe is plain stupid . 
  you 'd think people would 've learned from ww2 that appeasement does n't work . 
  if by not playing the game you mean let russia walk over you . 
  if they were successful with their propaganda and election meddling the eu would be disintegrating right now . 
  they 've started a war in their hunger for land . 
  if they 're not stopped it stands to reason russia will start new wars in the future until germany suddenly finds itsrlf bordering russia . 
  does russia ? 
  pee pee tapes when ? 
  i 'm have mixed feelings about it . 
  it was nice that they removed some unnecessary letters and made it so the words are spelled as they are pronounced . 
  but i do feel some nostalgia looking at it and as the article states it served to distance bulgaria from various bulgarian communities outside its borders . 
  it was too aggressive of a reform i think . 
  '' \u0463 '' which was dropped looks cooler than '' \u044a '' or '' \u044c '' which stayed . 
  and i really like '' \u046a '' . 
  we should bring it back :p, 
  well i think the '' \u044c `` s were more of a cosmetic change and dropping them did n't change pronunciation . 
  this [ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6qvzi7/bulgaria_and_macedonia_sign_friendship_treaty_the/dl19o31/ ) from elsewhere in the thread has some nice information if you 're interested . 
  loans ? 
  eurofunds are free . 
  i 'm 23 and not a linguist so it 's pretty hard for me to say exactly how bulgarian changed . 
  but as a time period i 'm referring to the years after liberation from the ottoman empire when bulgarian and macedonian should be at their closest .
