  i think the us election is going to turn out to be one of those . 
  i said i 'm not going to argue for that . 
  go prove the sky is blue . 
   can you please link some russian articles there all ukrainians are called nazis no , navigating the russian internet is pretty hard for me and it 's not like this would be in the title . 
  i 'm not argue this , it could n't be more obvious to me that there is a lot of anger against ukraine with little distinction between people and country . 
   consumer prices skyrocketed ? 
  realy ? 
  unemployment ? \\ \\ the article is from 2015 . 
   ukrainian people ? 
  really ? 
  i did n't see any anger on ukrainian people , maybe authors will provide some examples ? 
  ahah , i see that all the time on reddit alone and there are plenty of russian articles hating on ukraine and even calling them nazis . 
  i think medvedev was a front . 
  if they were against putin it would be harder to drum up support for the protests , medvedev is harder for the establishment to defend . 
  it just seems to me it 's an open secret these protests really are against the way putin runs things . 
  wow , germany is trying to fight a problem and almost all of the replies to op 's post are negative to these efforts . 
  i guess you do n't really want migrants to integrate and be peaceful cause otherwise you would n't be able to hate on them ? 
  this is the first half : http://www.mk.ru/politics/2015/02/02/triumf-bezvoliya.html but the part after `` patriotism with a noose around your neck '' seems to be added by the english authours . 
  or maybe its stitched from somewhere else . 
  the first part is from 2 years ago and the russian author has written many such articles . 
   learned helplessness was first described by the american psychologist martin seligman . 
  he exposed two groups of dogs to electric shocks . 
  dogs in the first group could stop the shocks by pressing a panel with their nose ; the second group had no control . 
  the dogs were transferred to a new , shared environment , with a low partition wall . 
  when they were exposed to shocks , the first group jumped the wall and escaped . 
  the second group did nothing . 
  & nbsp ;  to offset the more glaring contradictions , a number of deputies , clergy and cultural figures regularly voice deliberately unacceptable statements and propose ridiculous initiatives to shock the public , so that they can be graciously declined by higher powers . 
  & nbsp ;  all that remains for those ashamed of the present and afraid of the future is pride in the past . 
  when there 's no reason to love your country , hate your neighbours . 
  if you are unable to improve your life , ruin someone else 's . 
  & nbsp ; this explains russia so much . 
  huh , so this is a shitshow . 
  well , romania seems to be running surprisingly well despite all of this political self-sabotage . 
  is this a good or a bad thing ? 
  considering the ruling party might be weakened that is . 
  well then good on you for being able to divorce your humour from your ideology . 
  i thought `` no way this guy is serious '' and then i remembered how hard it is to distinguish between sarcasm from most people and sincerity from trump supporters . 
  given that you post in t_d i 'd think it 's more probable that you do n't agree with what i said . 
  you t_d posters with kkk names are a smart bunch . 
  why does the far right suck at humour so much ? 
  so all this drama is because hungary and poland could n't take 2000 refugees ? 
  so this passed through eu parliament ? 
  it seems weird to me that the uk can veto things like an eu army but this relocation scheme could n't be vetoed . 
  i guess the eu army had to go through the council but relocation did n't ? 
  or it did but no one vetoed ? 
  man , i understand eu voting way less than i should . 
  i do n't get it , how can the eu sanction these countries for not accepting migrants when they never agreed to it in the first place ? 
  pretty good article though i 'm not sure what a more aggressive eu integration policy would look like and whether it would be effective . 
  you ca n't help people who wo n't help themselves . 
  small business owners need locals to buy their services and bulgarians consumers are n't as wealthy . 
  if i remember correctly the big majority of firms that have moved here are zombie firms that just declare taxes in bulgaria . 
  their activity and employees however stay in greece . 
  now if you plan on exporting goods/services then that 's when bulgaria can be the better choice . 
  lol no way that 's true . 
  sure if you 're an unemployed greek you might find better opportunities in bulgaria , especially sofia , but if you have a job you 're better off staying , even with the crazy taxation . 
  i agree with pretty much everything you said . 
  again , i was only talking about blondness since it was pertinent to the discussion . 
  since no one could question finns have a european identity , culture , history i thought what people who say finns are asian mean are their genetic roots and by mentioning hair colour i was saying that they 're more european than asian even in that regard . 
  of course you do n't have to be blond to be european , but if you are you 're almost guaranteed to have european ancestry , where as if you had black hair then you could be from anywhere , including europe . 
   being belong to a `` parent culture '' such as european is bordered by concepts such language or religion history or shared historical tragedies etc , not racial or skin color make up . 
  i agree with that . 
  but the discussion another turk raised was based on genes not culture . 
  unless he meant we were europeans genetically but mongols by culture . 
  yeah variations of `` luna '' mean moon in many european languages . 
  even english has `` lunar '' . 
  mondays means moon 's day in english and in spanish they have luna -  lunes . 
  then those people are n't very smart . 
  finns in particular are the blondest or second blondest nation in europe . 
  they 've clearly mixed with the locals and some ancient asian blood does n't make them asians . 
  calling us mongols is as accurate as calling you arabs . 
  bulgars had turkic blood . 
  bulgars were only a minority in the country they founded . 
  no one calls hungarians and finns asian so i do n't see why you think it 's right for us . 
  we do n't even speak the bulgar language . 
  so luna is romanian for month ? 
  i actually really like that , makes sense . 
  :d yeah , that saying is very true . 
  i hope bosnia will join us in the eu as soon as possible . 
  haha shut up , arab , you . 
  why do you ignore what 's written in my post ? 
  there have been arrests all over russia , surely a festival has n't been interrupted in every case . 
  i find it funny that you think interrupting a festival should be a jailable offence but have no problem with your president being one of the richest men on earth with a salary that could n't even support a millionaire . 
  you 've got your priorities straight . 
  i read a bit about lithuania under russian rule . 
  stuff like the religious and ethnic oppression , the increasing uprisings met with increased brutality , the cultural revival , the gradual concession of some rights here and there sounds exactly like in bulgaria . 
  thank god our nations got through those periods . 
  yeah but that minority usually has much wider support from people who wo n't revolt . 
  that earthquake was a gulenist !, 
  i do n't know why i keep clicking at these . 
  maps with the ottoman empire always trigger me . 
  well you did make a comparison to the 90s so i pointed that much of that misery was connected to economic change . 
  but ok , let 's forget that . 
  even then , why would there be a violent revolution in russia ? 
  revolutions are about change and you 're not that far from democracy and capitalism that people would get fanatical about a new system and be willing to give their blood for it . 
  most russians seem to me afraid of this kind of revolution so if everyone is afraid of it , there 's much less chance the revolution would be violent ? 
  lastly violent revolutions usually happen when people are literally hungry . 
  russia is far from a state of hunger and if it ever gets that way than a revolution would be better than the alternative , starving . 
  anyways i do n't think that will happen . 
  but the fear of that is a good reason to get more people into protesting . 
  the larger a movement is the bigger chance there is that it can succeed peacefully , because autocrats are afraid to anger a critical mass of people .
