  not cancelled but not working either . 
  this big [ newspaper ] ( https://www.24chasa.bg/novini/article/5582468 ) says it 's been canceled by erdogan personally though noone else is reporting the same . 
  so many news about bulgaria today . 
  is the end nigh ? 
  and you guys have n't even heard about turkey stopping readmission of refugees from bulgaria . 
  being loyal to europe does n't involve supporting turkey or ukraine though . 
  i feel much sympathy for the ukrainians but while i support the sanctions i do n't see a reason to help them in a militaristic way especially when not even the west does that ( i think ) . 
  and there 's no reason for bulgaria to get between erdogan and putin , we do n't owe turkey anything and their leader is bad news . 
  both of these countries just wan na use us in their squabbles against russia . 
  the pm said we 're having exercises with romania every day , i support that but helping turkey and ukraine is a whole nother beast . 
  on the other hand trump already is a shady businessman and his pals are shady businessmen and if he ever did something to anger said shady businessmen they can bankrupt him . 
  he has so much more to lose than the average politician . 
  what kind of a system makes you choose between trump and h. clinton anyways ... 
  who 's not being honest ? 
  i already said this law was triggered by the burkas , i doubt anyone in bulgaria is not realising this . 
  but it 's a good thing that the law does n't specifically mention them because then the same principles can be applied to other religions or even a person wearing a balaclava in public spaces . 
  as for your anti-muslim rhetoric , i think it 's ridiculous to say that anything and everything done by muslims must be supported . 
  you realise that in a great deal of muslim countries renouncing islam is punishable by death ?!, 
  or that being gay also gets you stoned or killed in some other gruesome manner ? 
  or that there are about a thousand things that western women take for granted but are prohibited for muslim ones and if they still do them they can be executed or severely beaten ? 
  do you support these things ? 
  cause if you do n't you 're anti-muslim by your own logic . 
  or we can just agree that there is more moderate islam and more extreme islam and a sovereign country can decide which is which and what is n't acceptable . 
  imo , burkas are part of this extreme form . 
  they cause great discomfort when temperatures rise , they can damage eyesight , they are obligatory and a woman ca n't just decide `` ooh , today i 'm gon na leave my burka at home and feel the breeze on my skin !, 
  '' , they prevent a woman from ever showing off , which most normal human beings have wanted to do at least once in their live , they can aide terrorists and they are incompatible with the concept of ids ; you ca n't have a society that uses ids when half the population refuses to show their face , no ? 
  if burkas were at all a decent thing there would be people wearing them without a connection to islam . 
  but i have n't heard of any women or men choosing to spend the entirety of their lives in a potato sack just for the hell of it . 
  of course not . 
  but the law itself is * not discriminatory * . 
  as for the affected muslims i feel no sympathy . 
  bulgarian muslims have no traditions of wearing burqas . 
  this trend is a result of saudi arabia paying women ( mostly gypsies ) to do so . 
  saudi arabia 's brand of islam has no place here . 
  ideally it would have no place anywhere . 
   the bulgarian parliament approved at first reading on wednesday a bill proposing a ban on the wearing in public places of garments concealing entirely or partially the face . 
  so while this was certainly triggered by burka wearing women , it 's not restricted just to muslims and the law can even apply to atheists too . 
  got ta love spain !, 
  even though they were among the hardest hit from the global recession they still have the biggest desire to help others deal with their problems . 
  i like how outside of the us , it 's not even a question if you would want to share an opinion with trump . 
  not necessarily . 
  for example , the eu has worked to preserve cornish identity and language within the uk . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-cornwall-27132035 https://www.gov.uk/government/news/funding-boost-to-safeguard-cornish-language-announced, 
  sch\u00e4uble just stated the obvious . 
  there is no european country with access to the single market which does n't also abide by a set of rules , most of which are incompatible with what vote leave wants . 
  and it would make no sense for britain to get a wildly better deal than what norway , switzerland , etc. 
  i wish them all the best . 
  this case and the vote counting bullshit a month ago are both outrageous , i do n't understand why they 're getting so little visibility here on reddit . 
  dude , they lent money !, 
  to greece !!!, 
  hitler 's children right there . 
  take that , germany !, 
  i bet you 're sorry now !, 
  maybe you know them by a different name ? 
  eurofunds is kinda unofficial :p [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) you can see how much each country received per year . 
  of course richer states payed more than they got . 
  sorry , i do n't understand what you 're saying about eurofunds . 
  the eu is , in fact , giving them . 
  yeah , though i think the public is slowly ( very slowly ) wising up . 
  and the eu can give eurofunds to the poorer states . 
  anyways gdp growth is not about everyone benefiting equally and we were discussing that . . 
  you 're right about qoq growth being more volatile than yoy . 
  that 's why i said it 's not game-changing but certainly positive . 
  but i would n't say yoy is better or worse for comparisons . 
  if you grew by 0,6 % , 0,7 % and 0,5 % the first 3 quarters and then your economy took a nosedive with -1,5 % for the 4th one , yoy growth would still look positive but you 'd obviously be in big trouble . 
  so qoq reflects the immediate situation better . 
  ultimately qoq and yoy show different things and both have their pros and cons . 
  i wan na add that i think gdp growth should be adjusted for population changes . 
  if your country increases its population by 1 % you 'd expect the economy to grow by 1 % too without the people getting any richer than they were before . 
  so with america 's population growing faster than the eurozone 's , gdp per capita growth is almost exactly the same . 
  you can compare the individual members to the us so why not compare them as a whole ? 
  the eurozone is much more than a trading block and aggregate stats about it are published by the imf , eurostat , worldbank and other similar agencies . 
  so when we have the numbers we compare them . 
  sure just because the eurozone grew 0,6 does n't mean that italy grew the same but the same can be said about the usa and texas . 
  or the uk and cornwall . 
  growth is n't uniform across countries but that does n't stop us from making comparisons so it should n't matter for the eurozone either . 
  the fuckers multiply their growth by 4 :d supposedly it is done to show what their yearly growth would be if they grew with the same pace the rest of the quarters . 
  imo they just like seeing bigger numbers . 
  0,2 is in european terms . 
   it does n't even compare with the us-achieved because we 're not a single country . 
  huh ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  you can compare growth to any country , it 's percentage based after all . 
  i agree , this is n't game-changing but it 's definitely positive news !, 
  if we keep it up it will become game-changing . 
  0,6 compared to last quarter 's , not a year ago . 
  this is actually very good news and it 's much better then what the us achieved - 0,2 . 
  to be fair when it comes to military operations double speak is rampant . 
  everything is always done in the name of defence . 
  russia defends russians in crimea . 
  the us defends itself from terrorism by invading afghanistan and iraq . 
  north korea fires missiles left and right to defend themselves . 
  every country has a ministry of defence and not of offence , so you 'd think we should be living is some kind of paradise where aside from terrorist groups no country would ever do something offensive to another . 
  not that i 'm defending russia , just saying a defence shield does n't have to be defensive . 
  alright i 'm gon na bother one last time and i wo n't reply anymore . 
  `` you never even looked at the trade balance or otherwise you would know that there is no trade loss . 
  greece is now importing more goods from bulgaria than they ever did . '', 
  a lie . 
  i linked you stats on exports in my second post . 
  2008 - 2,95 bln to greece .
