  on another note why were n't the other `` first gentlemen '' in the photo ? 
  honestly i do n't know what to say . 
  i think bulgaria somehow manages to progress despite the backwardness of some of its people . 
  the people who liked trump liked him because of russia i think . 
  i can sort of understand why they like radev . 
  even though there 's no chance i would 've voted for him he did demolish the debate . 
  i thought him being a general and tsacheva chairperson of the national assembly she would be far more convincing and yet she was terrible and he decent . 
  the problem for me is he 's with bsp and would defend russian interests over bulgarian ones . 
  hopefully he wo n't be able to do much as president . 
  they actually like it when he 's a `` strongman '' . 
  but in 2004 , 2006 , 2008 , 2010 , 2011 and 2012 q1 was either best or second best . 
  also it 's premature to add 2017 to the list when we do n't know what growth will be in the coming quarters . 
  it seems like q1 being weak is a recent thing so that 's why i do n't think it 's correct to say it 's * always * been this way . 
  and even in some years when it 's been the weakest like 2005 the difference is n't nearly as obvious as in 2015/2016 . 
  cyrillic was developed by cyril and methodius 's students who were doubtlessly bulgarian . 
  one of our politician said ( paraphrasing ) : there is progress . 
  they used to teach lenin invented the alphabet , now they think it came from macedonian lands . 
  anyways , this is putin trying to stir shit between balkan neighbours . 
  the worse relations are the less chance there is macedonia will be joining the eu in the future . 
  at least he 's making bulgarian russophiles look even more ridiculous . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i said it was small news for markets and when have they reacted too strong on a gdp growth amendment like ever ? 
  what you expected a 5 % drop in the pound just because of a minor revision of data already known to be bad ? 
  of course the drop was small . 
  i do n't really care about that drop but you were the one who said that this was n't news because there `` was n't even a blip on the markets '' . 
   but again , clearly very important to share since there is n't enough shit spoken about british on this sub yet . 
  somehow telling me i should n't post anti-brexit news and calling it trolling is n't making me more sympathetic to the british . 
  so a lot of people are saying the uk always does bad in the first quarter and i looked it up . 
  in 2015 and 2016 the first quarter was indeed much worse than the others but in the earlier 10 years first quarter growth seems to be fairly random . 
  or maybe i posted it because i 'm interested in economics and the brexit experiment ? 
  if i cared about karma i 'd post more than a few threads a month and in bigger subreddits . 
   this number did n't cause a bip on the markets [ pound falls as u.k. gdp growth revised down ] ( http://www.rttnews.com/2778720/pound-falls-as-u-k-gdp-growth-revised-down.aspx ) but you know even if what you said were true just because something did n't cause a blip on the market does n't mean it should n't be posted on r/europe ... 
  hahaha , you 're delusional . 
  who called me out and how am i trolling ? 
  apparently it was [ 0.18 % ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2017/may/25/oil-price-as-opec-ministers-meeting-output-deal-business-live?page=with:block-5926a78ae4b0be3ed191f66a#block-5926a78ae4b0be3ed191f66a ) rounded up to 2 % . 
  i am ? 
  0.2 % ( even if it 's actually 0.24 % ) is noteworthily small . 
  especially because the higher eu growth should 've helped uk growth and because the uk has a fastly increasing population . 
  the [ guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2017/may/25/oil-price-as-opec-ministers-meeting-output-deal-business-live?page=with:block-59269963e4b0bdd87e2efc95#block-59269963e4b0bdd87e2efc95 ) is reporting gdp per capita actually did n't grow at all in the first quarter . 
  well thanks to the media he at least got his message across . 
  and his name and his face . 
  that 's what these fuckers want , attention , and to be remembered for their `` deeds '' . 
  the lack of criticism of the media for doing this as well as the fact that billions worth of arms keep getting exported to unstable countries makes me think the west is n't at all interested in stopping terrorism . 
  it only cares about the surveillance part of anti-terrorism . 
  well the economic reasons have always been there . 
  i think the eu looking stronger and the eurozone crisis fading from memory are making the difference now . 
  more like remains top priority for third consecutive month , it was n't too long ago our pm was saying we should hold on as long as possible . 
  but i welcome this change of direction . 
  it seems like with the populists candidates losing in recent european elections , the euro is looking more attractive and stable . 
  the european commission aims to make adopting the euro more attractive to european union members currently outside the currency bloc , the economics commissioner said on tuesday , in a bid to make the union more tight-knit after britain 's vote to leave . 
  the proposals will be unveiled next week in a blueprint on the future of the euro zone , which is part of a wider plan launched by the eu executive on how to revamp the union after brexit and amid a surge of euroskeptic sentiment . 
  `` we will try to make a framework that is attractive enough , that is like , as they say in the movies , an offer you can not refuse , '' pierre moscovici told reporters seeking details on his proposals for `` completing the economic and monetary union by 2025 '' . 
  european union states except britain and denmark are obliged to adopt the euro but there is no deadline set for ditching their own currencies . 
  moscovici underlined that states should move gradually toward adopting the euro as their currency but he said the commission has no power and no will to force countries to adopt the euro by a certain date . 
  public opinion in eu states outside the euro zone is often against joining the common currency area . 
  in poland , 57 percent of interviewees were against the euro , according to a eurobarometer poll published last december . 
  opposition was also strong in britain , the czech republic , sweden , denmark and bulgaria , while hungarians , croatians and romanians were mostly favorable to the currency bloc . 
  moscovici noted that brexit meant the euro zone will dominate the eu economy providing a further incentive for countries to adopt the common currency . 
  ( reporting by alastair macdonald and francesco guarascio ; editing by hugh lawson ), 
  finally we are first at something !, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  so the budget freeze that this [ article ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/russia-economy-budget-idusr4n19k00z ) talked about actually happened ? 
  of course it is  though i guess you ca n't be sure post-2016 . 
  i am very shocked, 
  wtf is going on ? 
  why is the media constantly spamming us with these stupid far-right types . 
  farage is irrelevant , stop talking about him . 
  i 'd be so happy if zuckerburg went bankrupt . 
  yes we do , this kind of talk is exactly what people do n't like in arrogant americans . 
  and why would anyone want to have better relations with russia or china than the us ? 
  this seems to correlate pretty well with life expectancy ( negatively of course ) . 
  ok but your ignoring the point of my comment which is whether real wages are down . 
  we 're getting nowhere so i googled and ft is saying real wages have indeed decreased : [ uk real wages drop for first time in three years ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/aa299754-3ae0-11e7-821a-6027b8a20f23 ), 
  [ real terms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_versus_nominal_value_ ( economics \\ ) ) means adjusted for inflation . 
  if inflation is higher than wage growth than real wages are decreasing . 
   average weekly earnings excluding bonuses increased by 2.1 % . 
   on tuesday , figures showed inflation hit 2.7 % in april , up from 2.3 % , its highest since september 2013 . 
  so wages are down ? 
  alright . 
  it 's really wonderful what you guys have done . 
  serves as an inspiration on this side of the danube , 
  i did n't mean to be offensive just asking about what i read . 
  i think i remember a romanian telling me that the eu threatened to freeze funds if the dna was n't formed . 
  is that true ? 
  man i wish our politicians were stupid like that :( they 're still pretty incompetent so who knows , with all heat around the judiciary they might just fuck up and do something good . 
  average for a developed country like germany is pretty good . 
  they had a successful judicial reform though . 
  ugh how i wish the eu would apply pressure in this regard . 
  i heard it was quite important in romania 's reform but do n't quote me on that . 
  this seems to be less about blocking internet sites than it is about banning russian ones . 
  is there anything banned that is not a russian site ? 
  if it were interesting it should n't be mandatory . 
  i hope this is nothing but posturing given that that 's what the patriots do . 
  this country does n't need more ways to scare away young people . 
   i guess you have n't read the article because it does n't say that anywhere what are you on about , the article does n't say they get turned back so obviously most of them stay just like other non-syrian migrants do all over europe . 
  why are n't they turned back ? 
  there 's no war in morocco or bangladesh . 
  i know but people often argue there is something fundamentally wrong with germany 's surplus . 
  this map shows that at least within the eu germany 's economy is n't more surplus prone than many others . 
  i 'm not sure what 's your point .
