  these forecasts should n't be taken as gospel , they 're usually at least a little bit wrong , but they 're the best we have . 
  who else are we going to go to if we want to hear about the future of the economy , gypsy fortune tellers ? 
  ... wow this article is actually a load of crap . 
  they say '' ... now economists also believe the impact of the vote will be relatively modest , compared with some early fears . '', 
  but if you click on the link they provide to back up that statement it 's another article from before the referendum and it does n't talk about post-referendum britain but it tries to explain a q2 slowdown with the uncertainty from the referendum . 
  and now that we know q2 growth was n't bad they 're saying `` brexit did n't affect us as much as we expected ! '', 
  which is true but it 's about the first half of the year not july or the future . 
   we still have to wait and see . 
  but predictions made today will look much more rosy than those made a month ago . 
  that 's what the article is saying . 
  the article is only telling us about moody 's predictions . 
  if the others updated theirs there 's no information of that . 
  i do n't think they even update them every month . 
   i agree , but that 's exactly the point . 
  this article is referencing more up to date data that implies that the previous predictions were wrong . 
  what data are they referencing aside from the stock market ? 
  what you say about predictions made today being `` rosier '' is logical mostly because a month ago we thought article 50 will be triggered soon . 
  now we know that wo n't happen for another year . 
  but that telegraph article itself does n't provide reasons to think the uk 's economy is doing better , they just make a bunch of unsubstantiated predictions . 
  the article is just predictions , we will have to wait a few months to know how the uk economy is actually doing . 
  the article does mention that stock prices have recovered but that 's only true in pounds . 
  if you 're a foreigner you can buy the same number of stocks but for a significantly lower price . 
  ye , how biased of me to give more weight to the opinion of 30 institutions rather than one credit rating agency . 
  a recession is defined as two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth , so you can have a recession and still grow 0.7 % . 
  furthermore dropping from 2.1 % as was initially forecast to 0.7 % is pretty dramatic not relatively modest like moody 's says in op 's article . 
  i forgot to add that i meant that in the context of our discussion when you asked why the banks over moody 's , not including everyone else who 's made a forecast . 
  btw since a recession means two consecutive quarters of negative growth , you can still end the year with positive growth despite experiencing a recession . 
  so that graph does n't really tell us who expects a recession , just who expects that gdp growth will end up positive . 
  i do n't get what you mean by adding `` then '' . 
  have i said banks are just as untrustworthy ? 
   why trust the banks over moody ? 
  because there are several of them saying the same thing while only moody 's is saying britain is safe from a recession . 
  * also as far as i know banks are considered more independent than rating agencies as the latter are often accused of accepting money to publish more favorable reviews . 
  [ treasury document reveals every major bank expects post-brexit recession ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/treasury-document-major-banks-post-brexit-recession-economy-a7195661.html ) but hey if moody 's everything is fine in 2008 credit agency says there wo n't be recession , then we should trust them , right ? 
  it 's a conspiracy by boyko !, 
  what 's the point of that ? 
   the pm said if re-elected he would serve the full five years of another parliament and then leave number 10 . 
  so he would n't have resigned before 2020 ... 
  interesting , could you source that ? 
  wait do you mean he would have resigned regardless of the referendum ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's trolling . 
  we 're all in agreement that may followed the rules but he keeps bringing it up as if that makes her elected even if he himself admits that no votes were cast :d, 
  you 're hilarious . 
  so she was unel ... d ? 
  being a member of parliament or a prime minister are quite different things though . 
  oh , thanks for correcting , i edited my post . 
  i do like the fact that we 've had elections in stead of just switching pms , feels more democratic , even if the ones 2013 went horribly . 
  was a single vote cast for her to be pm ? 
  she was not elected . 
  being one of 650 mps does n't count . 
  i called that ironic , not illegal so do n't go on explaining how that is your system , because i never said she became pm by not following rules or something like that . 
   so from the point of view of a british person , the so-called undemocratic nature of either eu government structures or uk ones might be regarded as not that relevant to the bigger issues facing the uk now . 
  of course , i 'm just trying to explain to u/casualview why it is ironic to me :p, 
  this whole comment chain is based on the irony of some british people calling the eu undemocratic . 
  you have n't made such a claim but by arguing you 're siding with the people who have , even if just for the sake of discussion . 
  you ca n't argue with me and then just say `` that was n't my opinion anyways '' . 
  not even that , she was unopposed - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conservative_party_ ( uk ) _ leadership_election , _ 2016 . 
  we vote for a party . 
  so you think being elected as one of 650 mps to become pm is fine , but being elected as a eu mp and * then * being elected as president of the commission by the meps is undemocratic ? 
  it 's not about whether you approve of this system or not but about approving of the first and not the second . 
  this seems to be the general brit 's view . 
  in bulgaria if the pm resigns we hold earlier elections , until which a caretaker government is in power . 
  that 's why i 'm asking if may is gon na stay till 2020 which is 3/4 of a term , though i probably should n't have said `` full term '' . 
  edit : actually that 's only true in practice , the ruling party can elect a new pm , but that has never happened and elections have been held in stead . 
  credit to u/avtogol, 
   irony - a situation that is strange or funny because things happen in a way that seems to be the opposite of what you expected . 
  i expect people who cite the perceived unelectability of eu leaders as one of their reasons for leaving the eu to elect their own leaders , therefore this is ironic to me . 
  also you did n't vote in the tories based on their brexit policy which is going to change all their other policies anyways . 
  and you did vote in the tories expecting they would be able to vote on their own leader and thus pm . 
  that did n't happen . 
  no as i say [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xlosb/brexit_will_be_delayed_until_end_of_2019/d6guvht ) you * do * have party leader elections which determine who will be pm . 
  may won by default because gove , leadsome and even b. johnson dropped out . 
  also while you did vote for the party a lot of people had completely different expectations about what it would do . 
  the tories wanted to stay , now they have to lead the leaving process . 
  it 's not that any of this is illegal it 's just ironic , is what i 'm saying . 
  when the british people voted for the conservatives back in 2015 they expected cameron to be pm , not may . 
  the party was also chosen based on a completely different platform than what may will be doing . 
  since cameron resigned the conservatives must elect a new party leader from amongst themselves who will become the new pm . 
  according to businessinsider this happens like this :  the new prime minister will be chosen by a conservative party leadership election . 
   this election will have two parts :  firstly , conservative mps elect two candidates . 
   after these two candidates have been chosen , a postal ballot will be sent out to all conservative party members , on a `` one member , one vote '' basis . 
   the winner of this vote will then become the next prime minister . 
  that means that 149,800 tory activists ( according to the latest house of commons library data ) -- around 0.002 % of the uk population -- will choose the next leader of the uk . 
  but since may 's contenders dropped out , she got the position automatically without anyone , including the tories , having a choice . 
  in bg when the pm resigns a new temporary government is formed and earlier elections are scheduled , so that 's why i 'm asking if may is supposed to serve a full term . 
  the more time passes the further away brexit gets . 
  also , is may gon na serve a full term ? 
  ironic , considering how brits complained about eu officials being unelected . 
  someone should also tell erdogan that . 
  maybe he read a history book and emphatised with his long dead countrymen ? 
  i think they 're among the top countries in medals per capita for all the olympics . 
  guess they 're just that good . 
  equipping your army is a one time expense , you need much less money afterwards to keep your army modernised . 
  in 2015 they imported [ $ 9.3 billion ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-12/saudi-arabia-s-weapons-imports-lead-surge-in-global-arms-sales ) worth of weapons , you think they need 1,5 % of their total gdp just to import foreign arms for themselves ? 
  and that 's in addition to their own growing industry . 
  it 's ridiculous to think that saudi arabia , a country of 30 million , became the biggest importer of american weapons just to equip their own army and border police . 
  lol , what do you think saudi arabia does with all the high quality weapons they get ? 
  just store them on some ever-growing pile of sparkling new military equipment ? 
  saudi arabia is the biggest importer of us and uk arms . 
  put pressure on these countries ?!,
