  from photos i 've seen written bulgarian looked more like russian back then with lots of '' \u044c '' - s sprinkled about . 
  there is of course bulgarian much much older than that . 
  i have no idea from what period old sounding folklore songs are . 
  probably from different ones and then some of them got updated as time went by but still they can be very hard to understand . 
  i 'm not sure what de-bulgarise would mean , it 's a bit like saying london will try to de-englishise its language . 
  how do you go about that ? 
  but yes they did change the language in ways that make it more different to bulgarian , especially the spelling . 
  bulgarian changed too and since macedonian did n't adopt the same changes this drove them further apart . 
  when i read something written in old bulgarian it sounds even closer to contemporary macedonian than usual bulgarian does and similarly old macedonian songs sound closer to modern bulgarian than current macedonian does . 
  i do believe macedonian and bulgarian were the same language but given enough time macedonian will eventually evolve into its own thing . 
   this is a relationship based on interest , not love . 
  why not both ? 
  you say bulgaria has its own interests to draw macedonia but pretty much the only interest is that we like macedonia and wish them the best . 
  both at the same time as we do now . 
  to be a separate country you usually need a separate identity which means rejecting similarities . 
  of course that 's not always the case and sometimes countries can admit their common roots without that hurting sovereignty but this was n't the case with macedonia . 
  historically though what macedonia or bulgaria wanted was n't of much importance since macedonia was under the control of yugoslavia and the socialist bulgarian government was basically a puppet of russia . 
  both of those sides wanted bulgaria and macedonia to be completely separate and worked to that end . 
  as i said recently russia has supported and funded the adversarial behaviour of macedonia against bulgaria and greece through politicians like gruevski . 
  i would n't be surprised if skopje 2014 was their idea . 
  this is their strategy to keep macedonia away from the eu and the west like they have tried with ukraine , montenegro , serbia , moldova , basically everyone that has n't yet chosen . 
  got ta give them props for the creativity of their methods at least . 
  from invasion to coup to drama russia is good at playing the game with the limited resources it has . 
  but it appears macedonia has slipping free from that influence . 
  this is a landmark deal which if adhered to will solve all of the problems between the macedonian and bulgarians states . 
  for decades the macedonian government has been extremely aggressive against anything bulgarian , particularly during the last gruevski government . 
  this behaviour was a major hurdle for good relations between the countries as well as bulgaria 's support for macedonia being in the eu . 
  it was also sponsored by moscow which seeks to sow division and belgrade which wants macedonia to remain in its sphere of influence . 
  with the new agreement bulgaria and macedonia agree that we share a common history and national heroes , plan to celebrate national holidays together , agree that neither side has or will have in the future territorial claims against the other and will not allow groups within the country to use such claims to try to ecourage separatism , both sides will try to limit and prevent negative propaganda that can harm relations , and a joint agency will be established that will try to resolve arguments related to history using established historical sources . 
  the agreement also says bulgaria and macedonia will deepen cooperation in pretty much all spheres like trade , energy , transportation , cultural exchange , tourism , investments . 
  the two countries will also help each other in intenational organisations like the un , osce , council of europe , etc and work together on cross-border infrastructural projects . 
  bulgaria and macedonia will also work on improving infrastructure along pan-european corridor 8 which i think is pretty important since it will allow goods to pass from the black to the adriatic sea without going through the bosphorus . 
  lastly bulgaria will give its full support and help when it comes to getting macedonia to fulfil the requirements and join nato and the eu . 
  bulgaria will host the eu presidency in 2018 and take part in setting the agenda . 
  i 'm very happy we got to sign this agreement with the good people of macedonia . 
  if they can sign something similar with greece which also addresses the name issue they can easily enter nato and become an eu candidate . 
  macedonia is on a similar economic level as serbia and i think it deserves the opportunity and help of the eu in becoming a member . 
  it 's new pm has demonstrated he wants a european future for his country more clearly than many other candidate states have as well as good relations with macedonia 's neighbours . 
  yeah but debt to gdp is low . 
  that 's public debt and it 's the one which gets payed with taxes . 
  private debt does n't get payed with taxes ( unless you 're a bank ... ) . 
  so scandinavian governments can either spend more on public services or they can collect less taxes or both . 
  this is way european feels uneasy about the excessive use of flags . 
  not very surprising . 
  most scandinavian countries have less than 50 % debt to gdp while a lot of southern ones are over 100 % . 
  someone has to service all that debt . 
  this is quarterly , the chinese growth you 're quoting is yearly . 
  turkey as it is in 2017 has exactly 0 % chances to join . 
  exactly . 
  but how many times have irrational posters asked why wo n't the west give good russia another chance and try to be friends meanwhile russia is doing everything to prove it 's an enemy . 
  and then the russian trolls will ask `` but why do n't you want peace with russia ?? '', 
  ok but i 'm saying the real problem is people 's desire to have kids . 
  even if men ( and women ) were 100 % fertile europe would still be facing a demographic crisis . 
  it 's not a genetic problem , people simply do n't want 2 or more kids . 
  we need to reorganise our society to change that . 
  that 's literally china level of growth but coming from one of the most developed countries in the world . 
  great job sverige !, 
  not to mention all the election meddling . 
  all this does is expose aicb as horrible human beings too stupid for their own good . 
  if their proposals were accepted they would trigger more emigration from bulgaria which would be terrible for aicb since they 're already complain about a shortage of workers . 
  and they think bulgarian students should be chained to working in bulgaria some years after graduation ? 
  honestly who are these aicb guys ? 
  they sound like a bunch of economically illiterate commies who got into business . 
  thankfully i do n't see any government committing suicide by lowering the minimum wage . 
  the last crisis was in 2012 not 2008 . 
  i heard recently that europe was at the apex of its business cycle while the us ( which did n't have a 2012 crisis ) is at the end . 
  do n't know why anyone is taking what putin says seriously . 
  it 's unlikely he 'll be sharing his personal plans with the public unless those plans are near completion . 
  democracy ? 
  you 're one to talk . 
  it 's more fun with romania tbh ( as fun as generally losing is ) . 
  you guys are n't slavic but somehow there 's so many little things we share . 
  like both of us use `` mersi '' in stead of our own words for thank you or you and we have both named our currencies after the respective word for `` lion '' . 
  brothers from another mother feels like an appropriate description . 
   the turkish foreign ministry said statements by the spokesmen for the german chancellor and foreign ministry constituted `` diplomatic rudeness '' that 's nazis for you , very rude !, 
  graphs without romania just are n't whole . 
  there 's no romania in that graph . 
  but why do you assume that is the case ( they recently created a model that retroactively predicts recessions ) in stead of them using it ( or a version of it ) since the 70s ? 
  the uk is `` flirting with recession '' because it 's seeing a bit lower consumer spending , manufacturing growth , investments etc. 
  the eu is seeing none of that so it 's not facing a recession . 
  edit : i guess i triggered some people :d, 
  the article is merely reporting there may or may not be a recession by the end of they year and the chances are higher than normal . 
  hence language like `` flirting with recession '' or `` could '' . 
  i would n't write it off . 
  there 's a graph at the end showing that at this level of certainty credit suisse was wrongly only once by predicting a uk recession in 2005 . 
  arguably they were picking up signals of the 2008 disaster . 
  for a decent country israel is engaged in a lot of shady shit . 
  not that i do n't think israel should be supported , but it already receives a ton of support from the us and to a lesser extent from europe . 
  saying there `` must be more '' sounds entitled and unsubstantiated to me . 
  at the very least if israel wanted more aid netanyahu should learn to be diplomatic in stead of insulting his allies . 
  [ netanyahu : eu will ` shrivel and disappear ' if no change in attitude toward israel ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/netanyahu-eu-will-shrivel-and-disappear-if-no-change-in-attitude-toward-israel/ ), 
  like ... why ? 
  vardar macedonia or northern macedonia are good names . 
  personally i think vardarska would be an awesome name but i doubt macedonians will want it . 
  this looks like a public tender to me . 
  the greek state pays private companies to build the project using chinese funds . 
  since its china they may want to have part of the work done by chinese companies and workers . 
  investments are usually done by lending money to local companies , this will be a loan to the greek state . 
  there was an interesting article the other day about chinese investments in serbia . 
  it focused on why china was a more popular source of investment than the usual ones .
