  there will always be imbalances and they 're not even what they appear at first glance because people rarely look at the trade in services balance , which would for example make the uk 's deficit much smaller . 
  and both goods and trade balances does n't take into account tourism . 
  germans spend a ton on tourism abroad while they do n't get much tourists themselves . 
  i think in stead of trying to change the economic model of countries the eu should increase redistribution through a larger eu budget . 
  so the dreaded german surplus is actually smaller than hungary 's , slovakia 's , czechia 's , slovenia 's , belgium 's , ireland 's and the dutch one . 
  hopefully this map will help people remember that germany 's surplus is mostly with non-eu countries so it 's a bringing money into the eu . 
  he visited in 2014 the ban was enacted in 2015 so it does n't apply to kristian 's case . 
  it 's a bit ugly to bring this up hours before his performance and 2 days before the end of eurovision . 
  if people thought this was a problem why is it brought up now ? 
  omg that was super cool . 
  the war sequence at 5:20 was very impressive . 
  eh , some assholes defeated even bigger assholes . 
  the world would 've been better without either of them . 
  unless everyone is doing it . 
  then no employees will be lost to other companies . 
  i do n't think net profits are necessarily a good thing . 
  if a company reduces the wages it pays that would increase its profits , no ? 
  i 'm actually impressed . 
  they seem to be communicating in complete sentences for once . 
  wooo go france !, 
  would n't macron 's share rise by the end of the day like it did in the first round ? 
  i thought the far-right loved bankers ? 
  when trump lined his administration with wall street and goldman sachs types they had nothing but praise . 
  i think what we see as economical problems are seen as economical features by the rich and since they control governments more and more live becomes comparatively worse for the masses . 
  hm , i thought romania had a huge agricultural sector ? 
  she meant to say `` either [ putin ] ( http://media.boingboing.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/15u9nbb.jpg ) or mrs. may '', 
  fuck the alt-right !, 
  bunch of whiny little liars . 
  what you think trump and le pen have done nothing wrong ? 
  some real and exhaustive sanctions should be put on russia . 
  a dozen or more countries have complained in recent years about election interference or hacking . 
  we ca n't let this go on . 
  i 'm sorry for the decent russians out there . 
  there have been more of them on reddit recently and they 've helped me realise not everyone has been brainwashed by putin . 
  they do n't deserve this but at the same time russia is waging a sort of shadow war against europe and we ca n't afford not to fight back . 
  i completely agree . 
  why is the west letting these extremely oppressive countries shape western society ? 
  the tories are ukip now . 
  lol on one hand i think this situation exemplifies perfectly why we need the eu . 
  britain has n't even left and we 're already at each other 's throats . 
  can you imagine what it would be like if such relations were normal between all european countries ? 
  also if the kind of information warfare that russia wages was also waged by germany against france , by spain against italy , by east vs west ? 
  we really do n't appreciate enough the cooperation that we have thanks to the eu , the continent would be a shitshow without it . 
  `` show me your friends and i 'll tell you who you are . '', 
  is may actually trying to get a good deal for the uk or she just trying to create an external enemy to unite her people against ? 
  it seems like the latter , though she could just be an idiot . 
  i was not aware that the freedom caucus has recently announced they will support it . 
  the thing is though the bill has to pass through the senate too and the crucial senate people want changes exactly the opposite of what the freedom caucus wants . 
  i 'm not going to give trump any credit until the ahca actually passes and even with what you 've told me i do n't think it will . 
  it 's much more unpopular than obamacare was . 
  public support for it is just 32 % and i imagine the changes that the fc wants will make it even more unpopular . 
  considering he could n't negotiate a healthcare bill with his own party i doubt he can make any significant improvements to nafta . 
  this sort of mercantilism is practiced everywhere . 
  by this definition subsidies and public tenders are mercantilism too . 
  also if the us pours funds into its defence industry while the eu does n't then that 's not fair competition . 
  free trade is good because it promotes the best product but if there are subsidies involved than that 's a distortion and more trade would n't make everyone richer . 
  it won 4 gold medals at the last concours mondial de bruxelles , which per capita makes it better than french wine !, 
  so since you agree that europe pays for the us defence in non-monetary means , what exactly is your problem with the eu not spending an additional half a percent needed to complete the 2024 target ? 
   with regards to the first part -- i 'm not sure where you want the us to go with that . 
  i do n't want the us to go anywhere with that . 
  i 'm just answering your question about why some of money spent on defence will find its way into the us coffers . 
  european arms manufacturers are n't outright subpar btw . 
  there are many areas in which they are competitive , it 's just not nearly all of them . 
  the eu could be competitive if it spent as much on defence as the us but why would anyone want that ? 
  if you look at just that aspect then yes , it 's surely better to get the best jet ( is that the american one anyway ? ) . 
  but we 're part of the eu . 
  we buy swedish jets , sweden gets more money to give for eurofunds , we use that money for infrastructure projects some of which goes to german and spanish subcontractors . 
  economically it 's a better choice imo . 
  besides i think we should put effort into developing european defence technologies and that means spending on them . 
  the us subsidises their industry massively too , right ? 
   do nato spending targets require purchase of american arms ? 
  there 's no such * requirement * but the us has the world 's biggest arms industry . 
  not everything can be found in europe and even if it is the us alternative may be of higher quality or lower price or both . 
  so the us makes money out of other countries spending more on defence . 
   just do n't turn it around on the guys whose own spending allows you to skimp on yours . 
  it 's very naive to think the us just does it out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  they get immense diplomatic and tactical advantages out of providing military aid . 
  those advantages are the reason the us is world hegemon while the eu is n't even though it 's economy is just as big . 
  i do n't know if op meant it as hate on the us , but he 's generally right . 
  it 's better to buy european so that the money stays in the union . 
  i 've always found it disingenuous when the us whines about countries not spending 2 % on defense since they stand to profit a ton from other countries increasing spending and thus contributing to the us military industry . 
  wikipedia shows the 2016 rankings though . 
  seems like you overtook them in 2017 . 
  thanks for the thought out response . 
  i agree with most of it though i think between the gerb branch , the dps and bsp branches , economedia and various small news outlets there 's plenty of pluralism . 
  my point is not that our media is something to be proud of but that between so much competition for shitty media i can hardly believe we 're 109 . 
  i 'm sorry serbian redditors for bringing up your country so much but between all that 's been said about serbian media recently , the constant and one-sided promotion of the pm , the government dictating to most of the media what to write , the possibly fake stunts like vucic helping a suffocating member of the audience or the military helicopter with the pregnant woman , i do n't get how our placing is nearly twice as worse as yours . 
  must be fun to be this full of hate and empty of arguments cause you keep posting comments like that . 
  me neither . 
  they are bad but not nearly 109th place bad imo . 
  are you kidding me , 100 % accurate ? 
  it says peevski was a former head of the intelligence agency . 
  what it does n't say is that he was head for one day before stepping down . 
  is that 100 % accurate ? 
  is it 100 % accurate to say he controls 80 % of print media distribution when he just owns the place where newspapers are printed . 
  is that even relevant ? 
  it 's not like you ca n't get a newspaper printed without peevski 's printing machines . 
  i 'm sure the government is bribing editors to go easy on it and i 'm even more sure that it 's not working . 
  what stories do you think do n't get covered ? 
  which exactly are the newspapers that are being supportive of the government and what percent of the whole are they ?
