  according to the article this was a ) because china loaned money with low interest , between 2 % and 3 % and b ) because china was willing to take up projects that the likes of the european development bank or the world bank did n't deem would be profitable . 
  that plus the wording of kathimerini saying that the project may or may not pay for itself in the long term and that 's only for the initial costs makes me think greece should carefully evaluate if this project is worth it . 
  people letting the government and judiciary branch get away with corruption . 
  if tsatsarov did his shit in france they 'd put him under the guillotine . 
  that said we were even worse when we joined with 38 % . 
   the kathimerini report says the economic gains could , in the long term , outweigh the initial cost . 
  and that might be a problem . 
  i do n't know if greece can afford to take up even more debt if the gains will be realised only far into the future . 
  the point is to strike fear in the hearts of enemies . 
  anyways i was joking . 
  they 're gon na nuke it . 
  based on what ? 
   i do n't see what the issue is here , since that 's what they were , being terrorist , murderers and saboteurs . 
  ok , but what about the forest brothers ? 
  but , but ... how am i going to censor the internet if we do n't have enough terrorism ? 
  - may, 
  i know , it 's a problem for all of us . 
  the uk/us are just `` ahead '' in this regard . 
   however look at how react to the idea of limiting free speech like how you reacted when trump said `` media is the enemy of the people '' ? 
  you say there 'd be a bloodbath if one day you were n't able to vote , i doubt that . 
  i was really surprised when i learned that the reason voter id is a controversial subject in the us is because republicans try and succeed in making it hard for black people to register and this somehow was n't a scandal . 
  and apparently inmates do n't get to vote and even after their prison sentence is over they still have a hard time voting . 
  for americans that 's normal but for me , coming from a eastern european country that 's not supposed to be a tenth of the democracy the us is , that is shocking . 
  on top of that for americans there 's nothing wrong that trump who got 2 % less votes than clinton is president and that faithless electors could and did vote for someone else than the they were supposed to . 
  so no if one day your voting rights become more restricted you 'll simply rationalise it and call yourselves best democracy on earth . 
  i 'm hoping america will endure and better itself but i 'm not an optimist . 
  if americans ca n't even see the danger it will be that much harder to stop it . 
   eh , they kinda are . 
  oh , i thought serbia exports a lot of car parts compared to other countries in the region , including bulgaria . 
   sure , never said it will , but there is literally 0 reason joining the almost america-sized trading block on your doorstep is the reason . 
  trading with the eu from outside the single market is a lot different than trading from within . 
  that 's why literally every rich european country is in it , even though as rich countries they have to contribute to the eu budget rather than receive as serbia would . 
  furthermore aside from the sanctions which came in 2014 the eu has n't been trying to stop its members from trading with russia meanwhile russia loses its shit when belarus or ukraine try to open themselves to the eu . 
  so if russia snatches you up you definitely wo n't get to trade with both sides . 
  even if the trend continues ( if ) the discrepancy between eu exports and russia ones is so big the second wo n't be able to catch up for a long long time . 
   meh , out trade with italy/europe is mainly dependent on cars , that 's the best kind of exports . 
  fiat may be striking but i 'm sure they 're not the only car company in serbia ? 
  and the strike will end sooner or later . 
  oh i have nothing against that . 
  the two should be linked otherwise serbia could get very screwed . 
  i was thinking of implementing sanctions just before serbia joins and the date has been confirmed . 
  ok , in the first 5 moths of 2017 exports were higher to russia than to romania . 
  this was not true in 2016 and i looked at the whole year since exports are often seasonal : http://www.stat.gov.rs/website/repository/documents/00/02/39/62/st12012017e.pdf but even in the first 5 months of 2017 from the document you linked eu exports were 4,4 billion dollars while russia exports 0,368 billion . 
  it should be clear to serbia which relationship is more important and worth pursuing . 
  how about replacing a 1,5 trillion dollar economy with a 17,5 trillion one ? 
  i 've looked at your exports statistics from serbia 's statistic institute . 
  you should too , your exports to russia are much smaller than ones to germany or italy . 
  even romania is a bigger market for serbian goods than russia . 
  joining the eu will be a much bigger plus to your economy than sanctioning russia will be a minus . 
  i do n't agree ( and of course my last post was n't about the uk , just a general dictatorship ) . 
  without freedom of speech only the government 's voice will be heard which will sway voters its way . 
  without the right to privacy or freedom from unreasonable searches or innocent until proven guilty , opposition will be harassed , slandered and jailed while nothing like that will happen to the ruling elite even if they have committed much bigger crimes . 
  without a right to property and freedom from unreasonable seizure the opposition wo n't have the resources to challenge the state in elections . 
  without freedom of assembly it would be extremely hard for a political opponent to propagate their ideas and excite their supporters . 
  without the right to live well ... and this is just a broad summary , most of what i said can be broken down and expanded a lot . 
  just because people in dictatorial countries can be given a piece of paper and told `` vote for whomever you want '' does n't mean we 're seeing democracy . 
  it 's short but even in such a period a lot can change . 
  why do you expect things to improve in 50 years ? 
   the only cure for the bad things as i see it , is a mixture between education , education and education . 
  could n't agree more . 
  education is the thing countries need the most and through it all other problems can be solved . 
   i think you 're conflating democracy and freedom there . 
  i 'm not . 
  while you 're right that having elections without freedoms is technically possible , in practice the lack of freedoms corrupts the voting process and makes it illegitimate . 
  news media plays a huge role in shaping the opinions of citizens . 
  in turkey many think erdogan is fighting for democracy , in america 40 % think trump does a good job as president and in north korea they believe kim jong-un does n't poop . 
  people can be convinced of literally anything so the existence of propaganda coupled with censorship and self-censorship makes it very easy to guide how people vote in an authoritarian country . 
  couple this with voter suppression and intimidation as well as neutralising the opposition by jailing and killing its capable leaders , slandering the rest and sometimes even infiltrating their ranks and it 's going to be hard for the ruling party to lose in elections . 
  that 's why countries like russia or now turkey are not considered democracies even though technically putin and erdogan can be voted out of office . 
  serbia should ditch vucic and join in the sanctions on russia to join the eu . 
  you 're right , i do n't live in the uk and primarily get my information from the internet . 
  so what am i wrong about ? 
  and keep in mind despite what some other poster thinks i have n't said nor think people will get jailed for watching porn . 
  it seems we 're headed to the question of what happens if a democracy democratically votes to destroy the pillars that make it a democracy . 
  i think it stops being one even if its people like it that way . 
  by the time anyone can show you examples of it undermining democracy it will be too late . 
  elections are n't proper elections when there 's censorship of information which leaves people holding different viewpoints than the one they would hold if there were no censorship . 
  while monitoring your communications is seemingly not restricting your free speech , it can lead to the chilling effect where you do n't properly exercise your rights because you fear negative consequences from doing so . 
  i 'm talking about something bigger that a yes or no referendum . 
  the basis of a free society imo is about having certain inalienable freedoms . 
  this should be something everyone agrees on , not a left vs right issue . 
  british politicians have created a surveillance state worthy of an orwell novel , went after porn , encryption , want to `` regulate '' the internet to prevent terror attacks and to exit the european convention on human rights . 
  in the us someone suspected of terrorism can have their rights stripped and be tortured , indefinitely imprisoned , denied an attorney or trial , not even have their relatives informed of his or hers whereabouts . 
  i think it 's the same in the uk ? 
  this has went unopposed and barely questioned by british society , there has been no rejection of politicians who peddle such policies and that 's why i think britain is n't doing a good job of protecting its democracy . 
  i 've been thinking recently that the us and uk democracies seem majorly flawed to me and yet despite that both countries have a very successful history of applying and maintaining democracy . 
  so maybe what 's more important than the way democracy is set up is how much a society values democracy and punishes politicians for messing with it . 
  and that 's where american and british societies have n't been strong recently . 
  trump and may say the most audacious undemocratic shit and their remarks are just blips in the news cycle , their predecessors killed the right to privacy and started mildly infringing on other rights . 
  unless something changes this wo n't be a story with a happy ending . 
  they were stronger just 10 years ago . 
  also it 's not like long standing democracies are n't weakening too . 
  some say they are still shaking to this very day . 
  according to an [ imf study on latin america ] ( https://www.google.bg/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=5&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewiyn6d3iynvahwej5okhzbkcxkqfgg8maq&amp;url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.imf.org%2f~%2fmedia%2ffiles%2fpublications%2fwp%2f2017%2fwp1746.ashx&amp;usg=afqjcnhqb89rlz7iyxcm7t04foeueuk0xg ) higher trade openness ( exports to gdp ) is positively associated with higher economic growth . 
  well the other article is from the bbc and its title does n't say anything about pay falling so you 'd need a pretty advanced number generator . 
  i wonder if that reddit bot that gives tldrs can do it . 
  i saw it , but since so many people only glance at titles this might as well be a new thread . 
  it 's crazy to think this happened in the 90s and so geographically close . 
  i watched the bbc documentary someone linked and it almost made me cry . 
  rest in peace .
