  anyone who opposes the agenda is `` g\u00fclenist '' . 
  yeah , from what i 've gathered from other articles people who are fired because of being gulenist get their passports and weapons confiscated , ca n't be assigned to public service or be employed in security companies , get evicted from public housing . 
  and that 's for people who were merely fired not sentenced to jail . 
  oh , and if you 're business has ties with feto they take that too . 
  even the gulenists were really behind the coup , the state still has way too much power that can be abused . 
  isolationist like encouraging nuclear rearment and ignoring the nato responsibilites to defend fellow nato countries ? 
  i 'm sure that wo n't be destabilising at all . 
  true , i think people should just keep in mind that he has an agenda and form their opinion on what he releases not what he says he 'll release or what it 'll mean . 
  assange is pro-russia for sure but him exposing the west can only make its democracy `` healthier '' . 
  it 's like when you 're having surgery , it might be a lot of pain in a small amount of time but you end better than before . 
  20 years from now russia is gon na wish they got the same treatment , restricting your people 's freedoms wo n't allow your society or economy to prosper . 
  there are more states in the us than nevada and this state that lost the factory to them !, 
  it 's a zero-sum for those 2 states and a net loss for the other 48 states as less taxes will be paid in nevada . 
  overall , for the 322 million americans it 's bad if nevada poached a factory from another state becaues of too low taxes . 
  not only is it a race to the bottom we 've already hit it when it comes to taxes if one of the biggest companies in the world pays less than 1 % in taxes . 
  this discussion is getting pretty pointless . 
  i do n't want to repeat the same thing ad naseum . 
   . . that 's my point . 
  nevada attracted jobs/opportunities for its state it did n't otherwise have . 
  and that 's good for nevada and nevada alone . 
  not for the other us state that would have gotten the factory otherwise and not for the americans in all other states that will have less money spent on them because the nevada factory brings in less taxes . 
  i think you 're under the false assumption that low taxes create wealth . 
  it only seems that way but in reality wealth is just taken from somewhere else . 
  while the tesla factory may be very beneficial for nevada it would have also been very beneficial for another us state if it had been built there . 
  for the usa as a whole it 's the same whether the factory is nevada or any other state . 
  the only difference is now the government collects less taxes . 
  it 's the same for the world and while your right that most countries ca n't compete to attract companies like apple there 's still enough of them to lead to this race to the bottom when it come to taxation . 
  i think if all countries operated by that logic the world would be worse for everyone ( except companies benefitting from non-existing taxes ofc ) . 
  we should n't let ourselves get blackmailed . 
   if company a has 5,000 professional-level employees , it seems reasonable that they 'd get a better tax bracket/lower rate than company b , who only employs 100 professional-level employees . 
  company a has a far greater impact in the economy and society as a whole . 
  this is a subjective thing ofc , but i totally disagree . 
  larger companies already have dozens of advantages compared to small ones why should they be taxed less too ? 
  this promotes the creation of monopolies and stiffles competition . 
  promoting competition is imo one of the best things about our economic model , it leads to more inovation and efficiency . 
  i also stand by everything else i said in my previous post about how the tax system should be fair to everyone one and not make exceptions for the powerful . 
  so what 's your opinion , should or should not apple pay 0,005 % ? 
  and do you think all companies should be taxed at the same rate ? 
  imo letting them get away with less 1 % taxrate just because they could move is pure blackmail . 
  just like you do n't negotiate with terrorists because that only strengthens them we should n't negotiate such low tax rates as this will only lead to an international race to the bottom and big corporations paying no tax at the expense of the average world citizen . 
  12,5 % is generous enough . 
  so you think all companies should pay 0,005 % tax just to dissuade them from moving to a country that 's gon na offer them 0,004 % ? 
  or just the ones that can move ? 
  this is a very unfair system and furthermore it increases inequality substantially . 
  taxes exist for a reason , we ca n't allow big companies to play by their own rules just because they have a lot of power . 
  i for one am very glad the eu is trying to fight such practices , i do n't want to live in a world where corporations make all the rules and do n't even need to pay taxes ( 0,005 % or even 1 % * of profits * is nothing ) . 
  honestly , i do n't think 5,500 jobs are worth $ 13bn . 
  it 's a sound argument usually but the sum is just too great . 
  companies are not the only ones who can create jobs , governments can too but they 're usually not as valueble as being an employee in a high tech company . 
  that 's why i think that money should be invested not directly in jobs but in things like infrasture , education and policy favourable to businesses with a lot of added value . 
  this would end up creating jobs , i would think more than 5,5 k but without an analysis on the subject i ca n't say that for sure . 
  but this is all under the assumption that apple would move out of ireland . 
  they 've said they 'll stay , but for all we know that could just be to discourage ireland to try to collect their taxes . 
  i do n't think apple has any moral ground to stand on . 
  it 's like ordinary businesses get to negotiate 0,05 % tax just because they 're emlpoying people . 
  i was n't literally saying the irish government should just give the money to the employees and their wives/husbands , it makes no sense for it to do that . 
  i was just using that as an example of how much those taxes are worth per employee . 
   first of all , the money can only be used to pay down ireland 's national debt or go into a reserve fund . 
  i did n't know that . 
  still if ireland were to pay off part of its debt with these 13 billion euros that frees up other money that would have been spent on financing debt anyways . 
  either way the irish government has more money to spend , maybe not this year if they 've finalised their budget , but the next one they wo n't have to prioritise debt so much . 
   the irish government is projecting that keeping apple and other large multinationals in ireland and employing many people will be far more beneficial over time than a one-time payout . 
  to be frank i think some irish government officials are projecting that the personal favors and gifts they got from apple outweigh the benefits of taxing apple at 12,5 % . 
  if they got taxed at the same rate as apple then the ec will probably go after them too . 
  honestly i do n't think that would be bad for ireland , the government will get billions of euros that it should be able to use effectively to boost economic growth . 
  and even with a 12,5 % taxrate ireland is still a great place for doing business . 
  we ca n't let companies get away with paying less than 1 % in tax , ultimately it will hurt everyone . 
  apple memploys 5.5 k people in ireland . 
  if the government took the tax money they could make all those employees and their spouses millionaires and still have billions left to invest into the economy . . 
  on a hot summer evening in plovdiv , children splash noisily in the fountains of a manicured city park . 
  young techies gather at hackafe , an it learning hub in the city 's historic centre . 
  bulgaria 's second-largest city , with a population of 350,000 and a rich cultural history , is enjoying a long-awaited revival . 
  georgi stoeff , a local economist , estimates foreign and local investors have poured $ 4bn into companies around plovdiv since 2011 after a long period of economic stagnation . 
  the city 's turnround shows what a handful of dynamic local businesspeople and officials can achieve when confidence improves , bulgarian analysts say . 
  it also helps that the country 's `` wild east '' image has faded since eu accession , encouraging investors to explore the potential of its impoverished corners . 
  the fruits include a jobless rate of just 4.9 per cent , sharply lower than the nationwide 8.1 per cent and a function of the development of sectors such as logistics , auto-parts and software serving a global market . 
  plovdiv 's recovery is all the more striking when compared with the plight of greece , its recession-battered neighbour to the south . 
  although greek investors pulled out of bulgarian banking and real estate projects as their own domestic crisis deepened , some greek traders have more recently moved headquarters to take advantage of bulgaria 's 10 per cent tax rates , for both corporate and personal income , the lowest in the eu . 
  `` we dismissed plovdiv as a low-tech manufacturing centre with not much hope of modernising , '' said a former manager of a greek real estate developer , now a sofia-based consultant . 
  `` it 's turned out rather differently . '' stefan stoyanov , deputy mayor for investment , says the catalyst for growth was not just bulgaria 's 2007 accession to the eu but `` a new , co-operative approach by local government '' . 
  nine municipalities in the region gave up competing for investors and teamed up with local businesspeople to offer manufacturing and warehouse facilities in six industrial areas -- now promoted as the trakia economic zone . 
  plamen panchev , co-founder of sienit holdings , a local construction company , was a first mover , acquiring sizeable tracts of disused farmland around the city and setting up a one-stop shop to assist potential investors . 
  `` when we started industry had collapsed , people were n't working the land , all the young were emigrating to find jobs . 
  but my partner and i were convinced plovdiv had a future , '' he said , speaking at the company 's offices in the rakovski industrial zone , its walls plastered with printouts of factory and warehouse designs . 
  `` we 've attracted some leading european businesses , especially from central europe , '' mr panchev boasts , citing abb , the swiss engineering group , kaufland , the german hypermarket chain and the logistics group db schenker . 
  `` there 's a base of talent here , you have access to skilled engineers , quality control expertise , specialists in logistics , '' says tommy ver elst , general manager for bulgaria for sensata technologies , a us company that makes high temperature sensors for the european automotive industry . 
  `` but the labour market is getting more competitive . '' mr stoyanov , the deputy mayor , has taken the search for skilled workers to ukraine , home to a 250,000-strong bulgarian ethnic minority in the south of the country . 
  `` we think there 's a good chance of getting people to repatriate given the situation there , '' he said . 
  eu funds have helped smarten up plovdiv 's elegant 19th-century centre , built over the wealthy roman city of philippopolis . 
  museums and art galleries are being revamped : in 2019 the city will achieve a long-held ambition of serving as europe 's cultural capital . 
  nevertheless , pavel ezekiev , a partner at neveq capital , a venture capital fund , cautions that competition to attract high-tech investors is increasing across south-east europe . 
  in bulgaria , other regional centres such as varna on the black sea coast and veliko tarnovo , the country 's medieval capital , are eyeing plovdiv 's success . 
  `` the local government deserves credit for its aggressive approach , but it 's no easy task to attract high-quality investors , '' he said . 
  why do we have to compare russia and the us ? 
  it makes it seem like the russian and the american way are the only possible approaches . 
  perfect . 
  that 's when i plan to become supreme leader of the eu , i 'll have more subjects with turkey , 
  looking after you was never part of their job description , mate . 
  yes , we have good reason to be suspicious of what banks say , but they 're not the only ones with agendas . 
  rating agencies are bribable , international organizations like the imf make overly optimistic prognoses to encourage growth and governments and national banks do the same to encourage investment , consumption , crediting , etc.
