  italy 's population is barely moving , spain 's is decreasing , germany is doing this weird thing but they 're not moving much . 
  france has a more noticeable growth but it 's still far from , say usa 's one . 
  only the uk , sweden and denmark are on par with the countries i mentioned in the op . 
  some people lose 10 $ and the do n't even find a 2 $ coin . 
   they do n't bother spending just a few minutes to explain things in more depth , like / u/zmeiotpirin did in just a few sentences . 
  thank you !, 
   i am not a conspiracy theorist , but sometimes it appears that some of these predominantly uk and us analysts want the eu to be a failure and allow that desire to cloud their judgement . 
  i would n't say it 's a concentrated effort by the uk and us . 
  i think it 's evident russia has a lot of media power and they do want to paint the eu in a bad light , some of that is being done on british and american soil . 
  hm , i was gon na defend british media but i ca n't . 
  there 's something very wrong with it . 
  the whole brexit debate was dominated by false claims . 
  it 's not a top-down conspiracy though , it 's just what sells . 
  american media is fine when it comes to europe i think . 
  they just report on all of our crises which are real . 
  the average american does n't care much about the finer details of the economy here . 
  yeah , when i tried to compare the eu to other developed nations i realised there were n't that many outside of europe to compare to . 
  * i have n't included petrostates as they are quite different societies . 
   furthermore this should n't be a sleeping pillow as the increasing digitalization and automation present great challenges . 
  definitely not . 
  my point is last year the eu has performed better than most which is the opposite impression that you would get listening to the news . 
  other countries ' results are inflated . 
  we still have problems to solve and we should n't forget that but we should also appreciate what we 've achieved . 
  what i 'm saying is you can have both kids and your aged parents to take care of . 
  also taking care of an older relative is n't as expensive because they have their own pension to help with that . 
  you 'd know best , i do n't have first hand experience in spain . 
  but are n't things improving somewhat ? 
   here in spain we have huge unemployment figures , i do n't think attracting more workers is a priority , we need more jobs !, 
  yes , that would work better in states with lower unemployment . 
  still more migrant workers would create jobs because they would increase demand for goods and services , but naturally the additional jobs would be fewer than the additional workers . 
   i do think your explanation of children driving parents to work harder is confusing . 
  why would n't the need to support aging parents drive their offspring to work harder just as much ? 
  i 'm not contrasting supporting children with supporting parents , i 'm contrasting supporting children with not having children to support :d, 
  well he will have some role to play being foreign secretary . 
  but that was n't my point . 
  public opinion is n't all that rational . 
  just being reminded that bojo still exists and is not hiding somewhere will be enough to ignite animosity against him , especially if a recession comes . 
  how is possible for someone in government not to know this ... like did he never hear about eu members negotiating deals together ? 
  or when leavers said the eu does n't allow the uk to negotiate deals by itself ? 
  ca n't he put two and two together ? 
  this is actually a pretty smart move by may . 
  every time something goes wrong in negotiations or the economy tanks because of brexit the public will gleefully blame boris . 
  he doesn \u00b4 t even have to do anything , his mere presence in the government will be a reminder of his role in leaving and that will take heat off of may . 
  huh , i thought romania \u00b4 s population was 20m ? 
  thank you . 
  i respect your opinion too . 
  i also wan na say that it 's not that i do n't wan na help i just have different ideas on how it should be done . 
  are we gon na pretend that giving refuge to 1.1 mil people is n't , in the end , a very humane and altruistic act ? 
  even if some of them rape . 
  even if most are being picky about where they end up . 
  even if they do n't want to assimilate . 
  i 'm not pro-migration . 
  i would n't have welcomed the migrants with open arms if i were the one making decisions . 
  i would have `` returned '' the ones who were n't really syrian and i would n't be so generous with monthly allowances , etc. 
  because i 'm bloody selfish . 
  i value europeans more than middle easterners and i think what angela merkel did was stupid . 
  but fuck me i see no reason to hate the woman just because she tried to do something good and it blew up in her face !, 
  if the worst we can say about someone is that their good intentions did n't work for everyone then they 're doing a great fucking job . 
  at being human . 
  i ca n't believe merkel is getting more hate for helping people than blair does for participating in a war . 
  sometime after the refugee crisis every time i opened an article related to merkel i would see a picture of her where the lighting is all gloomy and she has this hitlerian air to her . 
  people on reddit talk as if accepting all these refugees was a very evil act . 
  but they 're people too . 
  people who , if they stayed in their home countries , would n't be able to experience what we take for granted no matter what they did . 
  if you were born in syria you would n't be much different . 
  i do think accepting all of them is unsustainable and that there are other ways to help . 
  and that we should protect our european identities . 
  and that europe is n't responsible for helping all the poor people of the world . 
  but i ca n't hate someone who tried . 
  it 's 1.3020 now ... looks like it will dip below 1.3 by the end of the day . 
  :d i 'm afraid not . 
  even the awkward silences are real . 
  though to give him some credit boris also says they export tea and tv antennas to asia in the full speech . 
  do n't forget the [ cake !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mvzytx5zg ), 
  finland and ireland adopted the euro too and they 've had the best and the third-best growth out of the eu-15 . 
  denmark did n't adopt and they have had about half the growth of all their neighbours . 
  it 's almost like this is a more complex issue than who adopted the euro and who did n't . 
  i do n't know if germany can afford to put tariffs on humour imports . 
  22/28 members have less than 10.1 % unemp though . 
  it 's just that greece and spain skew the average . 
  edit : i do n't know why i got downvoted so much . 
  when you have numbers varying so much the average is n't that good of a metric . 
  for example , the average unemployment of czechia , malta , germany and the uk is 4.3 % , but the average of czechia , malta , germany , the uk and greece is 8.2 % . 
  also the poster above is n't even right because 10.1 % is the figure for the eurozone , the eu has 8.6 % as the article says . 
  man , i love british humour . 
  no matter what happens , i hope you wo n't stop exporting it , 
  he looks like he aged since his pre-brexit video . 
  he 's chosen by the european parliament which is directly chosen by eu citizens . 
  the british pm and the german chancellor are chosen in pretty much the same manner but i do n't hear anyone calling them `` unelected '' . 
  yeah but berusconi 's a criminal . 
  he should get a lot more than a head tap . 
  am i the only one who loves juncker 's antics ? 
  they 're pretty harmless too . 
  he would just take both for harem . 
  at this point is this even a solution ? 
  would the eu countries want an alliance with another that has voted 52 % to reject them ? 
  if the uk stayed i can imagine a huge shitstorm if they ever vetoed or derailed a proposal backed by the other 27 states . 
  440 million people getting blocked by a member who did n't even want to be in in the first place wo n't go well . 
  on the other hand if the uk blindly accepted every move to federalise europe that would feed euroskepticism at home to new heights and ukip would grow ever more popular .
