  but does anyone pay attention to that ? 
  and this is still nothing compared to the death toll of various diseases . 
  sorry but dying to terrorism is one of the least likely things that can happen to you . 
  if you want to live a safer live there 's an enormous list of other things to [ watch out for ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_causes_of_death_by_rate#by_frequency ) which are far more likely to happen to you . 
  this terror hysteria that our society has prevents us from seeing the real dangers and spending money to mitigate them . 
  it also emboldens terrorists who are doing this for attention and get inspired when they see other terrorists `` die heroically '' and the entire world sees their faces and learns their names . 
  not to mention that we 're fighting terrorism by sacrificing our rights . 
  how is that going to turn out ? 
  terrorists have nothing on what an unchecked government can do . 
  just look at turkey . 
  over 100 000 people jailed for having the wrong opinion . 
  and erdogan is trying to reinstate the death penalty so he can get rid of those people . 
  all done in the name of safety and fighting against terrorism . 
  i suppose you 're also afraid of using cars or staying in open fields where lightning might strike you ? 
  they will get shitty bg pop folk music streamed to their tvs !, 
  bulsatkom with the help of 7 banks . 
  the project cost 235 million dollars and is expected to pay for itself in 10 years . 
  here 's a pretty informative interview in bulgarian with bulsatkom 's ceo maksim zayakov : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wvtp9ovmzk&amp;feature=youtu.be some highlights : it 's a commercial project in order for bulsatkom to provide better services for its clients . 
  the project started in 2006 . 
  a lot of enginners from bulgaria are involved in the project . 
  they started collaborating with spacex in 2007 . 
  zayakov says bulgariasat could n't happen without spacex . 
  space systems/loral built bulgariasat 1 in palo alto , california . 
  after its launch bulgariasat will be controlled from bulgaria through bases in sofia and veliko tarnovo . 
  bulgariasat is a latest generation satellite with a powerful high speed beam over the balkans , the first of its kind for the region and a weaker beam over most of europe , north africa and parts of the middle east . 
  bulsatkom could n't provide better service with the old satellite they were renting which prompted bulgariasat . 
  it will provide more channels in hd and 4k , various services , double the channels , help during natural disasters , corporate communications , live reporting from any place . 
  bulgariasat will live at least 15 years probably 20 . 
  the satellite is insured , weighs just under 4 tonnes and is solar powered . 
   bulgariasat-1 is a geostationary communications satellite intended to be located at the bulgarian orbital position , which will provide direct-to-home television ( dth ) and data communications services to south east europe and other european regions . 
  bulgariasat-1 will provide reliable satellite communications solutions to broadcast , telecoms , corporate and government customers . 
  it is the first geostationary communications satellite in the history of the country . 
  [ map of the coverage of the european and balkan beams ] ( http://www.bulgariasat.com/coverage ), 
  everyone knows about the dollar and pesos have been used by spanish countries for centuries so it 's an easy guess even if you do n't know . 
  the canadian dollar is the trickiest but i think most people either know it or will guess when they ca n't think of anything else that sounds right . 
  x country 's dollar is pretty common . 
  i hope his end comes soon !, 
  turkey deserves better than him . 
   and for a high ranking officers he 's absolutely great . 
  there are generals that are n't capable of forming a coherent sentence . 
  yes , i was pleasantly surprised ( or more accurately worried ) when he showed great eloquence and knowledge during the debates , much better than his opponent . 
  but it does n't matter if he 's competent if he 's going to be corrupt . 
  the interim government he appointed to prepare the next elections and worked with was supposed to be neutral but it was clearly bsp leaning and meddled in things that it was n't supposed to like firing 22 out 28 regional directors ( i do n't know the proper english term ) and appointing bsp connected ones . 
  it 's position on eu 's gazprom probe was too lenient and basically non-existant . 
  generally it 's little things here and there that make me dislike radev , it 's not like the bulgarian president has much real power to abuse . 
  recently there was a case where photos surfaced of a newly-appointed vice minister doing a nazi salute . 
  he got criticised and resigned and radev rightly said that nazism must always be condemned . 
  except when soon after that one of his own secretaries was revealed to have done a similar thing and radev did n't want his resignation and defended him ... 
  kebab will be removed before he even comes . 
  though honestly anti-erdogan less religious turks are welcomed if things get too heated down there . 
  rofl of course it 's not true . 
  it 's not true for pretty much anyone from the corrupt `` socialist '' party . 
  radev is more charismatic and intelligent than the usual bunch i 'll give him that , but since elected he 's managed to exhaust the little goodwill he had from me . 
   really ? 
  why should n't he invite the russian president ? 
  putin is a murderer , a thief and generally a terrible influence on the world . 
  of course in politics that does n't mean much , sadly no country is principled enough to ignore putin , erdogan , the saudis , etc. 
  but the practical reason bulgaria should ignore russia is because no good has come out of that relationship for a long time . 
  deals are steeped in corruption and benefit a few russian oligarchs at the expense of the bulgarian taxpayer , like the nuclear powerplant they started . 
  or if they are mutually beneficial they 're still bad for bulgaria because we could 've striken a better deal with some other country but bribed politicians insisted on one with russia ( like most of the times we buy or repair russian military units ) . 
  we ( and you , serbia ) buy some of the most expensive gas from russia despite supposedly friendly ties . 
  countries that do n't let their politicians get close to russia have ironically more beneficial relationships with it . 
  russia screws its friends the hardest so no thanks , i do n't want to be friends . 
  russian stooge, 
  we are disappearing very fa, 
  probably experiencing a lot of positive migration from former soviet states in asia , plus ukraine and belarus . 
  te freedom to be abused by uk government . 
  the useless eaters are the rich , who take an increasingly larger share of the pie . 
  but if we do n't elect the mutra we 'll get the red witch :( i wish there was a way to get rid of both of them . 
  for which we 're thankfull since we suck at jumping . 
   moscow has set up a slew of pro-russian media and other organisations in the region - 109 in serbia alone and at least 30 in macedonia yikes . 
  mixed results are still better than no results so i guess in that regard russia has seen success destabilising the region . 
  i hope it blows up in their faces like it has in much of eastern europe where people are sick of russia . 
  well , there are a tonne of eu proposals , at the moment this one does n't mean much . 
  the best the eu could hope for , at this stage of integration , is to set up some minimal taxes i think . 
  hey i 'm sure there are , in fact i know there are but we we 're talking about corporate taxes right ? 
  no offense but i do n't think ireland is a good example . 
  it relies on poaching companies from other countries . 
  i asking about lowering corporate taxes to trigger growth among the native economy . 
  if every country did what ireland did then no companies would change hqs , so i 'm wondering would there still be growth then ? 
  man , the british queen has lived such a full , interesting life and has been tight-lipped about it . 
  do you know if she has written any memoirs which may be released posthumously ? 
  i 'd love to know what she thinks of various british leaders , britain , her `` subjects '' and world history during the last 70 years . 
  are there any actual examples of cutting corporate tax that lead to increased growth ( and a balanced budget ) ? 
  that sounds like the queen leaving herself room for plausible deniability to me . 
  surely two months are enough to arrange for a car and to wear a crown and dress ? 
  if that much thought goes into these simple things then the eu hat looks even more deliberate . 
  apparently this is the first time since 1974 that she did n't wear her crown for the queen 's speech . 
  in stead we have a eu themed hat , 
  this one is my favourite from all the flag posts . 
  also deutsch kingdom 's flag reminds me of ruffles with ketchup . 
  ukraine 's existence is inappropriate too . 
  love , putin . 
   we do n't really need yugoslavia 3.0 honestly . 
  and what is the eurasian union ? 
  deport them . 
  they 're no refugees otherwise they 'd be happy to be in france . 
  they have arrived there through illegal means , refuse to work and just caused a death . 
  seriously why is this camp still allowed to exist ? 
  well maybe the state is in the right .
