  eh , i 'd rather we join the eurozone tbh , not because of the euro but because of the possibility of a two-speed europe . 
  if that happens we 'd be left in the periphery , as some kind of buffer state or , god forbid , refugee camp country . 
  joining the eurozone would help prevent that possibility . 
  besides with the lev already pegged to the euro what do we have to lose by joining ? 
  last i heard ttip is similarly projected to cause almost no economic benefit . 
  it 's really appalling these kind of trade deals keep getting pushed when the only economy they would help is that of big corporations . 
  i think it matters a lot . 
  media has left me with the impression that almost all russians are completely blind to putin 's faults and supposedly 80 % approve of him . 
  but if 2/3 of the population have decided not to vote maybe putin 's cult of personality is n't as strong as it seems . 
  but we 'll solve our roma integration problem !, 
   the data from 1990 -  2004 is meant to show that latvia would have grown regardless of being in the single market or not ( and probably faster than it has so far ) . 
  not really . 
  most of russia 's and belarus ' growth is due to exporting oil and gas , oil countries in general fared far better after 2008 . 
  but latvia would n't have that luxury . 
  compared to the ukraine latvia has gotten further ahead and that 's impressive considering the poorer a country is the faster it grows . 
  yeah , but it 's probably the 1000th time someone predicts the collapse of the eu . 
  and it might not even be the institute 's opinion . 
   note : the views expressed on mises.org are not necessarily those of the mises institute . 
  ooh , i know !, 
  it 's because it 's sunday and it 's time for our weekly the eu is doomed thread !, 
  huh , there does n't seem to be a west-east divide as you could expect . 
  citi settled for 7b , goldman sachs for 5b . 
  deutsche bank is saying they 're expecting to renegotiate because other banks have on average payed less . 
  refugees ? 
  :3 shush !, 
  or we 'll steal your internet cables . 
  we 're very pessimistic and love to complain which should account for our score on this subjective question . 
  unfortunately we 're not treading the same path as romania when it comes to fighting corruption . 
  i do n't know how they did it , expecting our politicians to create a similarly powerful anti-corruption agency is like expecting a burglar to turn himself in to the police . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  of course having to answer to 27 states will probably make it impotent but that 's just how i want the army of a superpower to be . 
  if we had a big scary army we 'd probably use it in immoral ways . 
  yeah but most banks payed significantly less . 
   a $ 14 billion fine , or even half that sum , would still rank among one of the largest paid by banks to u.s. authorities in recent years . 
  precisely . 
  that 's why i do n't want this settled out of court . 
  i 'm not sure i get your point . 
  deutsche bank and the us government are trying to make a deal where db is not investigated any further for the part db played in the 2008 crises . 
  various other banks have already reached such settlements , albeit for a lower price . 
  the $ 14 billion seems to be a response to the $ 14 billion apple has to pay . 
  but that 's not what is most important here . 
  banks should n't be able to pay their way out of accountability . 
  they should be investigated and sued with all the bad publicity and higher fines that should come with a crime of this magnitude . 
  but they 're not . 
  they 're paying the us to stop the investigations into them . 
  seems like noone is interested in what we posted mate :d, 
  the idea of economic hardships was connected to the uk triggering article 50 which was said to happen immidiately or shortly after the referendum . 
  now that it will take at least a year more these forecasts are similarly delayed . 
  and the pound did devalue massively and it will probably do so more by the time brexit is finished . 
  that 's just the other lithuanians killing themselves because they ca n't live in vilnius . 
  germany 's surplus with the eurozone is not much , just 2 % . 
  with the world as a whole it 's 26 % . 
  so germany is bringing in money . 
  it would n't hurt much other ez countries if germany did n't spend its surplus as on the whole it 's not that big and germany is obviously spending some of the world-germany surplus , but the ez would miss out on a very nice stimulus if germany were to spend that money . 
  maybe the usa should start a new marshal plan to help them ? 
  because historically these kind of laws have been the signature moves of governments much worse than the pkk . 
  it means it 's enough for the government to suspect you of being connected to the pkk for them to fire you and begin an examination of you . 
  note that the article talks about punitive measures against the suspected people not the actually convicted ones . 
  so it looks like even a false accusation can be very damaging to a person 's life . 
  you guys are probably tired of these kind of news but i just got to post this . 
  the new thing here is that the people who are targetted are allegedly connected to the pkk not g\u00fclen . 
  to add to that bulgaria is just very cheap , a dollar goes a longer way here than in turkey , so were much closer in ppp . 
  in 2016 the imf expect us to hit $ 19,839 ppp not too far from turkey 's $ 21,198 ppp . 
  and the difference will likely be smaller as bulgaria is set to beat imf 's growth forecast while turkey will likely underperform due to the coup and many terrorist attacks . 
  yes ? 
  well , the selling point is the equality , not the details . 
  but please , do n't take me for a communist . 
  i do n't care what the problems were exactly i 'm completely opposed to communism , i just said i can see why it 's alluring to some . 
  still your original statement is too broad as i 'm sure at least some people have changed their views . 
  the saying `` if a man is not socialist by the time he 's 20 , he has no heart . 
  if he 's not conservative by the time he 's 40 , he has no brain '' seems apt here . 
  it 's easy to see why , socialism/communism do n't sound * that * bad . 
  they 're just catastrophic in practice . 
  in stead of calling those people idiots show them statistics like these which speak for themselves . 
  as an eastern european it 's depressing to see socialism has done more damage to us than a long war would . 
  prime minister theresa may has warned the uk economy faces `` difficult times ahead '' despite better than expected figures following the brexit vote . 
  the british prime minister said it would not be `` plain sailing '' even though economic data has not been as bad as was feared before the european union referendum in june . 
  speaking as she travelled to the g20 summit in china , mrs may stated the uk would be a `` global leader '' for free trade - but leaders had to acknowledge the anti-globalisation sentiments around the world . 
  with the uk seeking to forge new trading relationships as it exits the eu , mrs may said : `` we have seen figures giving some different messages in relation to the economy at the moment . 
  i think the reaction of the economy has been better than some had predicted , post the referendum . 
  `` but i wo n't pretend it is all going to be plain sailing , there will be some difficult times ahead . '', 
  the build-up to the g20 summit has been overshadowed by the delay in the decision over the hinkley point power station , which the chinese state-owned nuclear firm is investing in . 
  mrs may said the delay was down to `` the way i operate '' - because she wanted a fresh look at the evidence for the # 18 billion plant . 
  speaking to reporters on the plane heading to hangzhou , she said : `` i do n't just come in and say ` i 'm going to take a decision ' , i actually look at the evidence , weigh up the evidence , take the advice and then consider that and come to my decision . 
  `` that 's exactly the process i 'm going through . 
  i have said a decision will be taken in september and it will . '', 
  mrs may will hold face-to-face talks with chinese president xi jinping at the conclusion of the summit on monday , when the issue is likely to be raised . 
  concerns have been raised about the cost of energy from the proposed somerset plant and the security implications of allowing a chinese firm to invest in critical infrastructure . 
  asked if she would specifically raise security concerns she said `` i am going to be talking to president xi about a whole range of issues . 
  i 'm not going to be taking the hinkley decision - it 's not going to be taken now , it 's going to be taken later this month , but it will be taken this month . 
  `` but i have been clear that what i am doing is looking at the evidence , looking at the issues around hinkley and we will take a decision . '', 
  it is understood the national security council has not examined chinese investment since mrs may replaced david cameron in number 10 . 
  both mr cameron and his chancellor mr osborne were enthusiastic supporters of a new `` golden era '' in relations with beijing . 
  mrs may insisted she wanted that strategic partnership to continue . 
  asked if she trusted the chinese she said : `` of course we have a relationship with them , we are working with them and we have seen significant chinese investment into the uk . 
  `` what i want to do is build on that relationship , but i also want , here at the g20 , to be able to build on relationships with other countries . 
  `` as i say , i want us to be as a country unashamedly proponents of free trade and out there , a global leader on free trade . '', 
  they 're asking retired judges and prosecutors to return to work so maybe they 'll try the same with teachers . 
  it wo n't be enough of course , but i doubt erdogan is very concerned with wether young turks are getting their proper education . 
   just install the loyalists in place and crush any internal opposition .
