  peevski owns telegraf and trud of the major newspapers . 
  that 's far from all of print media . 
  i do n't think our media is of even mediocre quality but neither do i think there 's any shortage of viewpoints or siding with government . 
  and while ours is bad my point is media is bad in lots of places . 
  imo anglosphere media is at least as bad as ours . 
  yeah and i do n't believe it . 
  if there 's so much more collusion between media and politicians than any free european country how come 95 % of the media criticises the government constantly ? 
  how is serbia where most newspapers put nothing but vucic 's initials on their front pages days before the election so much better ? 
  frankly i do n't think the balkans in general are that different . 
   his group controls nearly 80 % of print media distribution . 
  what this means is that he just owns the building where most newspaper are printed . 
  and peevski 's media group has next to no presence on tv . 
  i 'm sorry but our ranking seems bullshit . 
  how are we number 109 ?!, 
  i do think our media is terrible but no more terrible than most . 
  it 's not a problem of the media protecting the government since nearly every outlet criticises it incessantly . 
  we do have a media mogul but so does the uk and usa and ours just controls some newspapers . 
  i 've seen some uk headlines that would never happen in bulgaria like tabloids outright telling you what to vote in a referendum on the first page or saying judges are enemies of the people for doing their job . 
  serbian newspaper shill for the government and they 're still 43 positions ahead of us ? 
  until the next pivot ... 
  we can only guess but as i said i think since they 're living in a country that 's leaving the eu , they 've realised leaving is n't really a panacea that will fix all the country 's problems . 
  i mean le pen was the least popular in the uk out of all the european countries i checked . 
  even in germany she had more support . 
  i find it very interesting le pen got just 2.8 % in the uk . 
  perhaps faced with the reality of leaving the eu , french nationals do n't find the option that attractive anymore ? 
  brexit , trump , le pen , all cases of un ( der ) employed people voting for causes that will make their lives even harder ... 
   with 13 of 107 departements counted, 
  yes , the school is called troll factory and is on the outskirts of moscow . 
  are there any exit polls ? 
  does it matter when 2.5 million fake votes were cast and unstamped ones were counted ? 
  interesting colour scheme ... 
  those are the western balkans which is also a political term to identify the former yugoslav countries which are not in the eu , plus albania . 
  people love to project the ethnic conflicts of the western balkans to the entire peninsula though . 
  huh , really ? 
  well ... it still looks mad to me . 
  there 's so little time to prepare and campaign . 
  but that could be a good thing if people judge parties on what they 've been doing the last few years rather than what they promise to do in the future . 
  ca n't say may deserves reelection though . 
  funny there was a poll the other day showing that the tories held a massive advantage compared to the other parties . 
  it looks kinda mad though to hold an election with just a month and a half 's notice . 
  it would be pretty funny if after all the drama le pen does n't even make it to the 2nd round, 
  there is the osce which reports on how fair elections were . 
  it will be a while before they publish their findings about the referendum though . 
  can they , really ? 
  how was that a joke ? 
  he did n't say he trusted putin . 
  geez that article makes our country sound like a complete shitshow especially with that `` will hold the rotating eu presidency '' at the end . 
  things are n't that bad , i expect the gerb-patriots government to be similar to the last . 
  their joint programme they published yesterday says bulgaria will seek more eu integration as well as nato cooperation . 
  they are against further middle east immigrants but the solution they propose is not some far-right crap but better guarding of eu borders and reforming the dublin agreement . 
  there 's a very interesting graph in the article . 
  it shows that since march the people answering `` no '' in the polls have declined greatly while at the same time `` undecided '' has jumped . 
  it looks to me like people are afraid to say no so they chose undecided in stead . 
  if you 're muslim how have you not heard of apostasy ? 
  it 's illegal to renounce islam in many countries . 
  here 's a [ map . 
  ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2016/07/ft_16.08.01_restrictions_apostasy640px.png ) in 13 of those countries the punishment for abandoning islam is ... death . 
  turkey does n't have apostasy laws at the moment which is admirable , but i 'm sure that in the past when everyone was more barbaric it had them too . 
  you know before trump got inaugurated i kept reading posts by americans about their checks and balances , how great they are , how they will stop trump from misbehaving . 
  well trump became president and the first thing those checks and balances should have addressed were his massive conflicts of interest . 
  him housing foreign representatives on his own property , funneling taxpayer money into mar-a-lago and trump tower and his billions of dollars of assets from which he wo n't divest . 
  the checks and balances did n't do anything . 
  they also did n't do anything when his advisor told millions of viewers to buy ivanka trump 's clothes or when his attorney general lied under oath ( i think twice ? ) . 
  nor are the blatant cases of nepotism questioned . 
  congress is one of those checks and balances and it does fuck all . 
  only the courts are doing their job , and they 're doing it well but this is more like a system of a check and a balance . 
  that 's not enough to guard democracy imo . 
  the good news is that trump does n't seem to like being president that much but if he had erdogans personality or relative youth i think the us would be in trouble . 
  well ... more trouble . 
  this election is quite a nail-biter without being too ridiculous . 
  you see if you think that the government is wasteful and gives too much welfare , you should vote for the guy who had the government pay hundreds of thousands of euros to his wife even though she was n't really working . 
  our planet has become a logic-free zone . 
  do n't do it , france !, 
  love , eastern europe, 
  look i was just being pedantic and correcting people , if someone is going to compare trump and erdogan they should compare them during similar periods . 
  if you were bugged by me using the word `` rule '' , i did it because i could n't think of a better one . 
  `` presidency '' would n't work since erdogan was pm back then and `` governing '' sounds underwhelming . 
  that 's my point . 
  if you were to compare erdogan and trump at the same point of their `` rule '' erdogan actually looks tamer and more democratic . 
  trump has been president for 3 months , erdogan has held power since 2003 . 
  polls are probably doubly wrong . 
  firstly because they were pressured to present more yes-favoured results and secondly because they do n't account for all the rigging erdogan will be doing . 
  they kill the ones who see it . 
  we often hear how europe is lagging behind other western nations when it comes to growth . 
  and at a glance the gdp growth numbers support this . 
  but most people are forgetting one important thing - europe 's population is mostly stagnant while in the compared developed economies it 's growing decently . 
  australia 's population , for example , grew by 1,4 % in 2015 . 
  half of that was due to migration and migrants tend to mostly be in working age . 
  the situation is similar in the usa and canada with about a 1 % increase . 
  in the eu though the number of people increased by barely 0,3 % . 
  it 's easy for an economy to grow when there are more people behind it . 
  a larger population means more consumption , more businesses being set up , more space for successful companies to grow . 
  even children indirectly contribute by forcing their parents to work harder and spend more money in stead of saving . 
  but imo pure economic growth should n't be how we measure economic success . 
  we all demand of our governments to do their best when it comes to growth . 
  at the end of the year we look at the number and depending on it we judge whether all the policies and reforms , the tax breaks and tax hikes , efforts to attract investments , management of interest rates , signing of new trade deals and many more i 'm not aware of , were successful or not . 
  but in the end population change is often the biggest factor . 
  whether it was 1,3 % like in turkey or -1 % like in lithuania . 
  so we should focus on gdp per capita growth in stead . 
  the world bank recently ( i think ) released data on that and the eu is n't doing half bad : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd.zg?end=2015&amp;start=2015&amp;view=map&amp;year=2015&amp;year_high_desc=true gdp per capita in the european union grew by 1,7 % in 2015 . for comparison : south korea - 2,2 % usa - 1,6 % new zealand - 1,5 % australia - 0,9 % japan - 0,6 % israel - 0,5 % canada - 0,2 % the core eu countries did have much less impressive numbers but there were outliers like spain with 3,4 % , ireland with 7,4 % , sweden with 3 % .
