  as someone else pointed out germany 's exports of arms alone eclipse eastern europe 's . 
  i 'm reasonably confident that the same is true for france , the uk , etc. 
  the only difference is eastern europe is producing a lot more than a few years ago , but still a small share of the total . 
  it 's kinda troubling that these quotes are by important government figures , the pm , ankara 's mayor , the justice minister . 
  i do n't know if this is normal for turkish politics but it seems to me that the diplomatic tone has been abandoned . 
  erdogan has been making some quite aggressive statements about europe and the usa , even credit rating agencies have n't been spared . 
  i was gon na write something sarcastic but really , i ca n't top the article . 
   `` there is no doubt that this $ 1 bill has some important function within the gulenist terror organization , '' justice minister bekir bozdag recently told the a haber television channel . 
  and  `` with one american dollar , this organization turned the children of this country into monsters , '' prime minister binali yildirim said thursday in a speech . 
  oh boy ,  ankara mayor melih gokcek suggested gulen used genies to control the minds of his followers . 
  are they even trying ? 
  never trust a bulgarian 's opinion on the economy . 
  there was a recent study which found that the majority of bulgarians expected a recession , despite the country having 3 % growth for 3 quarters and there being absolutely no reason to expect growth to turn negative . 
  what 's even funnier is that the same study also found that most bulgarians expected their salaries to go up in the coming year and thought the time was right for high-value purchases . 
  so yeah , studies are useless here . 
  rip, 
  everyone 's deficit increased . 
  there was a crisis which cut the governments ' income but no government cut their budget proportionally , so ofc the deficits increased . 
  just recently a general got nominated for president by the russian-backed socialist party . 
  today he said nato guarding our skies is `` humiliating '' ... no wonder the army is n't trusted . 
  yes , the article says less than half of all offences are reported to the police , with only 22,151 reported . 
  [ a knife attack every 4 minutes ; 130 000 per year - 2008 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/2419650/one-person-is-a-victim-of-knife-crime-every-four-minutes.html ), 
  do we have evidence that this was terrorism ? 
  look no further than r/europe where an article about a pregnant turkish woman getting beaten is removed because it 's somehow off-topic . 
  no it means they requested asylum and got accepted . 
  we actually have an [ absurdly high ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2015/09/daily-chart ) acceptance rate for no reason at all ... now even if they go to another country that country can just return them here . 
  actually we have more refugees per capita than the average eu country . 
  that 's in pretty bad taste . 
  yes , we are devolving to uncooperative third world countries any moment now . 
   how long until the conflicts are resolved ? 
  what are the consequences of people languishing in camps , resentful , for a generation ? 
      also `` most of migrants are not from syria '' is a lie by omission . 
  it is true , but afghans , eritreans , iraqis etc. 
  are very much refugees too . 
  there is more than one conflict , and they are not always neatly confined to national borders . 
  look i agree a lot of the migrants have it pretty bad . 
  life in afghanistan , eritrea , etc. 
  is more than rough , not just because of the levels of poverty but also the lack of opportunities or even basic freedoms . 
  reading up on it there are apparently 2 billion people living with less than $ 3 a day . 
  but you ca n't fight world poverty by inviting everyone to germany or sweden . 
  there are literally billions of people for which live in germany would be an improvement , but this is n't even remotely sustainable . 
  so i think we should have some rules about this and requiring migrants to be actual refugees seems like a good place to start . 
  and a real refugee should be content with living in countries like albania , bulgaria or poland too . 
  not that i want my country to be overrun with refugees but if they do n't want that either then they should n't just be swiped through towards germany , austria , etc. 
  i do n't agree with your last point about a dude walking through wars guided by a faint ray of hope however . 
  i 've heard plenty of reports about refugees `` escaping '' finland and going back to their home countries because it was `` too cold '' or they did n't like the food . 
  and spain got completely shunned despite being one of the most enthusiastic nations about the refugees and readying homes for them . 
  i also sometimes wonder how they managed to pay the people who smuggled them this far . 
  paying the smugglers has been said to cost thousands of dollars per person !, 
  i know if civil war happened in my country the poor definitely wo n't be able to raise such amounts of money to make their getaway . 
  especially since the whatever property they have would be worth nothing in such conditions . 
  except the assassins stopped chasing long before germany . 
  and as we know most of the migrants are n't actually from syria so many of them are n't being chased by assassins at all . 
  but is that still true when the reason this person 's life is in danger is solely to extort you ? 
  if someone says `` let me live in your house or i 'll shoot myself in the head '' is it your duty to let them live in your house ? 
  estonia was to take it after the uk anyways . 
  now they just have to do it earlier . 
  so you 're all for a serbia-canada union ? 
  and used ppp for russia and false numbers for eu , 
  you do n't have to pay attention to world politics to know that the eu 's economy is way more developed/bigger/prosperous that russia 's . 
  this is n't yesterday 's news either . 
  unless by `` better '' they mean the one that is growing faster . 
  but even that has n't been true since 2014 . 
  edit : this is like thinking mexico has a better economy than the usa . 
  there 's no uk on that lady 's heart-shaped world poster lol . ^ ^ ireland ^ ^ is ^ ^ missing ^ ^ too . 
  how on earth do 4 out of 10 serbs believe russia has a better economy than the eu ... 
  this makes literally no sense . 
  care to make an argument ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  it 's not just traffic accidents , take a [ look ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_causes_of_death_by_rate#by_frequency ) at what most frequently kills people . 
  terrorism does n't even make the list . 
  i would love it if we could reduce the number of people dying from terrorism , but in the end we do n't have unlimited resources . 
  we should focus on what 's most deadly , if we put even a fraction of the money that goes towards anti-terrorism we would be saving hundreds ( maybe even thousands ) of times more lives . 
  thank you , unfortunately this thread is n't very encouraging . 
  could n't agree more . 
  the real impact of terrorism is what we ourselves do after it . 
  true , there is definitely an economic impact . 
  but imo that is more our fault than the terrorists . 
  there 's just so much coverage on any kind of attack . 
  i think the worst part of that is that it 's exactly what the terrorists want . 
  they want coverage , they want to be remembered . 
  some news sites even make lists of who killed the most people . 
  we should n't mention the names of the perpetrators and while the details are `` juicy '' it would be discouraging to future terrorists if we did n't mention them as much . 
  seeing footage from the attack with people running and getting shot or blown up must be like porn to them . 
  i think less coverage would at least alleviate the terrorism problem and reduce the economic impact . 
   a yes . . let 's accept that we have walking killing machines amongst us . . we do have walking killing machines amongst us and we always have . 
  they 're called people . 
  if you 're concerned about the world you live in and want to make it a safer place you should look at what the biggest problems are and how you can solve them . 
  terrorism is at the bottom of that list . 
  i remember reading that allergic reactions to peanut butter kill more people than terrorists do in america . 
  and an american is 8 times more likely to get shot by their own police than be killed by a terrorist . 
  so focusing on terrorism so much does no favor to our society when it takes away from other more important issues . 
  like peanut butter . 
  or we can focus on real issues like improving healthcare and preventing traffic accidents . 
  last year there were 84 000 traffic-related deaths in europe making roads about 480 times more deadly than terrorists . 
  we do n't have infinite money . 
  if we want to spend it on saving lives there are many areas more beneficial in this regard than anti-terrorism . 
  and you do n't have to give up your rights too . 
  this might sound like tin-foil but i believe that anti-terrorism is n't so much about saving people but about having more control over them . 
  special courts ?
