   but they broke a law , why should n't they be arrested ? 
  legally ? 
  they should . 
  morally ? 
  because it 's wrong . 
  just because something is law does n't make it right . 
  so many of humanity 's greatest crimes were legal . 
  murder ( even in the millions ) in communist russia , china , nazi germany was legal . 
  slavery in the us was legal , as was discrimination against blacks and women all over the world in the past and in some places it still is . 
  if we never did anything illegal we would probably still be living under kings and queens . 
  as for your other points , if you got arrested for that situation it britain it would be because of the crack selling not the anti-may shouting . 
  while there might be reasons for laws that limit protesting in the west , they usually come from the same place as in russia - the desire to control and not give a damn about human rights . 
  the people getting arrested now in russia are not just people on the wrong street . 
  bbc is reporting about arrests in st. petersburg , the map that some russian linked in this thread is showing arrests happening all over russia - lipetsk , novgorod , sochi , vladivostok . 
  by the powers vested in me as an anonymous ip address from bulgaria i bestow upon you ... < 3 eu membership < 3 and the title of `` eu 's mississippi '' !, 
  ( ode to joy plays ) welcome and enjoy your stay !, 
  warning : this union does not guarantee that you wo n't be nuked by your triggered northern neighbours . 
   this should be quite embarrassing for the opposition that they have to rely on such slimy tactics in order to make an appearance that they have any sort of significant numbers ... 
  it 's pretty damned obvious from the photos that there are hundreds of protesters in every picture in cities and towns all over russia . 
  that 's quite significant especially in a country like russia which is so hostile to protesters . 
  but what 's really embarrassing is that the russian state would arrest people simply for peacefully expressing their opinion on it and that some russians approve of those arrests . 
  that 's what putin wants you to think . 
  part of pretty much every autocrat 's propaganda is not only convincing people that he 's god 's gift to them but to convince the more skeptical ones that there would be chaos and misery without him and that the opposition is evil or incapable of governing . 
  do n't fall for that . 
  at the very least what russia experienced in the 90s was due to the collapse of the old economic system and happened all over in eastern europe . 
  the same ca n't happen today because there 's not as much room to change even if russia wanted to . 
  that 's why we need to get other countries in the eu - to pass on the title of `` eu 's mississippi '' muahahahha romania 's model of hard work and dedication is just too difficult . 
  could you expand on that or link an article ? 
  i know mate but you 'd be surprised how many times i 've heard this said in bulgaria . 
  we are . 
  i think a lot of that has to do with the extremely negative attitude of a part of the population who scare young people away . 
  they do often say we 're the worst/poorest in all of europe , not just eu despite lack of evidence . 
  we 're our own worst enemies though i think we 're getting a bit more objective . 
  yeah , this particular ranking is good for us . 
  but more often than not we rank last in the eu and eurostat publishes dozens of rankings every year . 
  more annoyingly our media loves to focus on the ones where we are last and ignore the better ones : /, 
   worst in europe worst in europe ### worst in europe & nbsp ; & nbsp ; hmmm , as a bulgarian , could we interest you with an eu membership ? 
  i linked the report , on page 190 there 's a country profile of greece . 
  biggest issues seem to be :  policy instability tax rates inefficient government bureaucracy access to financing so half of those will resolve themselves once greece gets a continued period of at least moderate growth . 
  but there 's a lot of work to be done on the bureaucracy and tax system ( i do n't believe high taxes are necessarily a bad thing but greece 's system of paying next year 's taxes with this one sounds terrible ) . 
  [ the report itself ] ( http://www3.weforum.org/docs/gcr2016-2017/05fullreport/theglobalcompetitivenessreport2016-2017_final.pdf ) with rankings on page 15 . 
  byzantia , elladia , or maybe irlandia ? 
  do n't play stupid , you know this has nothing to do with immigrants . 
  austria has been very vocal about migration too but no one is calling them increasingly authoritarian . 
  i 'm glad there are russians like you . 
  it 's completely unreasonable of people to expect you to fix your country by yourself . 
  with so many stories of journalists getting murdered , protesters being beaten and people who post anti-putin stuff on social media being harassed it takes courage and is dangerous to try to fight putin 's state . 
  i do n't think people appreciate that . 
  you 're not the russian government and you do n't support it so it 's not fair for you to be blamed for what it does . 
  best of luck to you !, 
  eastern europe is already importing ukrainians to fill job positions , even we 've started doing that . 
  there 's absolutely no way the eu ignores economic issues , nearly everything about the eu is connected to the economy , including the four freedoms of movement . 
  hell , the eu wants to start negotiations by settling the exit bill , that 's another economic issue . 
   if eu comes out of the brexit talks without securing the freedom of movement and work . 
  then they lost . 
  can you source that ? 
  i think the eu has repeatedly said it requires freedom of movement if the uk is to have access to the single market but if they go for hard brexit there wo n't be fom . 
  it is looking to guarantee the rights of eu nationals in the uk but that 's not the same as every european being able to work in the uk . 
  the same can be said about the uk , the difference is the eu has a lot less to lose . 
  usually i expect that of politicians but i guess i was naive since ( despite my terrible opinion of may ) i thought she 'd do a more responsible job . 
  leaving the eu is probably the most important not-war-related decision britain has taken in quite a long time and she 's willing to butcher it for very little gain . 
  ok , but i do n't think you 're getting my point . 
  i 'm looking at what would 've been best for the country not the party and that 's why i 'm calling her irresponsible even if this benefited the tories . 
  but that would 've been better . 
  she waited 9 months to trigger it , she could 've waited a bit more . 
  after triggering there 's a period of just 2 years so every month is precious unlike pre-article 50 . 
  it was so irresponsible of may to call a snap election right after triggering article 50 . 
  a few months lost on an election , then a period to see if the new government is stable and then possibly a new snap election . 
  could n't she have done this before article 50 ? 
  he sounds like an awful person but how where his comments neonazi ? 
  i 'm glad he resigned after that idiotic statement . 
  the tourism industry complains it ca n't find personnel , well no wonder they ca n't find people when they treat them like that !, 
  the trend could be reversed , there 's always hope of that . 
  but it does n't seem likely , too few people recognise there is a problem . 
  i think the decreasing popularity of democratic values is due to our political class being so immensely corrupt . 
  people recognise that the politicians at the top do n't really represent their interests like they 're supposed to and think that 's the fault of the system rather than the system not being enforced properly . 
  the media is also doing a terrible job at being a check on power and providing objective news . 
  considering their owners are usually part of the problem , this is probably by design . 
  you know , it 's exactly the parties that people like you support who are doing the most to erode liberty . 
  everyone 's doing it , but the right is doing it twice as hard . 
  oh wow , i did n't know about those . 
  i 've always thought ireland was universally liked by northern ireland . 
  confusingly for me , in the pictures that google showed there were more union jacks about to be burnt than irish flags . 
  would n't a border be very unpopular even among their voters ? 
  i wonder if people growing up 30 years from now will be growing up in a free world ... 
  hohoho get wrecked , may . 
  not a fan of human rights , eh ? 
  unbelievable !, 
  romania has a huge watermelon deficit with the nations of germany and greece . 
  very sad for romania !, 
  i do n't think 2015 is a good year to make such a comparison , at least for bulgaria . 
  due to us being inexperienced with these funds many projects were delayed to 2015 and because 2015 was the last year to be able to get funding from the 2007-2013 period we tried getting all the money we could n't until then and would be lost otherwise . 
  so in 2015 we absorbed quadruple of what we did in 2007 or 2008 even though its from the same pool that should be spread evenly . 
  i do n't know about their diplomatic sources but apparently germany 's foreign minister gave a speech about it recently . 
  http://beta.rs/en/64593-german-foreign-minister-sigmar-gabriel-publishes-new-plan-for-balkans--berlin-plus https://europeanwesternbalkans.com/2017/06/06/berlin-plus-will-not-change-the-game/ it seems to be a continuation of the berlin process . 
  weak and wobbly 2017 !, 
  uk martial law by 2025 ? 
  and i wan na say , we have human rights not because they ca n't be abused but because not having them is a million times worse than some terrorists . 
  russia is implicated in a possible montenegrin coup and the recent events in macedonia . 
  the coup sounded ridiculous to me at first but the story kept getting corroborated by more and more sources .
