  he could just be a zombie . 
  bloody undead trying to steal living peoples ' benefits !, 
  adding to that some organisations measure nominal gdp per capita in constant dollars and in that case montenegro did n't experience a decline : https://tradingeconomics.com/montenegro/gdp-per-capita, 
  how often are taxes on the rich actually raised though ? 
   31 october 2012 so i guess this is more of a til than news . 
  i think the way politicians and lobbyists interact is wrong . 
  there should be no direct contact . 
  what i 'd like to see is lobbying to take the form of meetings where one side presents its problem and anyone affected by what they want to change is welcome to lobby against it and challenge whatever they think is untrue . 
  if no one comes then the government should hire someone to lobby for the opposite , just for the sake of discussion . 
  politicians should n't be present at those meetings but they should be able to leave questions for the lobbyists . 
  they can form their opinions based on footage of this meetings . 
  anything a person says as a lobbyist should be recorded and be viewable for the public . 
  companies should have a ceiling on how much money they can spend on lobbying . 
  people who have previously worked in government should n't be hired as lobbyists as that can be a delayed repayment for some favour the politicians previously did . 
  no , but the kind of where you pay people to have a certain opinion should . 
  it 's not going to happen because rich people will lobby against stopping lobbying . 
  nothing is completely black and white , there are some good side to lobbying but the bad currently by far outweigh the bad . 
  and since the public is incapable of nuance outlawing lobbying is the best choice . 
  [ estonia 's innovation culture : how did it happen ? 
  ] ( http://www.fpri.org/article/2016/12/estonias-innovation-culture-happen/ ) you know , aircraft , nuclear power plants , etc. 
  are n't necessarily signs of innovation . 
  if you have the same helicopters you had 10 years ago then there 's nothing innovative about them anymore . 
  if estonia had 140 million people and spent 5 % of gdp on its military you 'd be seeing those estonian aircraft right outside your window . 
  lobbying should be outlawed . 
  most problems of developed countries can be traced back to lobbying . 
  really fucking disappointing . 
  neither does germany . 
  may negotiating brexit because no one else wants to while being hated by the populace , the opposition and her own party is going to be a pretty weird situation . 
  it probably wo n't happen but it would be funny if it did . 
  germany was harmed `` the most '' because it has the biggest population and the biggest economy . 
  but that $ 26 b means a lot more for poland than $ 75 b means for germany . 
  generally it 's eastern europe ( plus finland i think ) that got hit the hardest . 
  bulgaria lost more than half a million russian tourists . 
  anyway i 'm not saying the sanctions should stop , i support them . 
  but germany backing off when it interests are affected and on a project that should n't exist in the first place is definitely irking me . 
  south stream vs nord stream , sanctions that harm ee vs sanctions that harm germany . 
  germany supported sanction when its economy was n't the hardest hit . 
  now that an important energy project might fall under them germany is threatening the us . 
  not to mention the entire nord stream 2 is an example of double standards . 
  south stream was ended because it did n't comply with the third energy package , nord stream 2 does n't either but it 's going ahead . 
   meanwhile eastern europeans are unable to bring even the ridiculously minuscule sacrifice of taking in their allotted share of migrants for the greater good . 
  bulgaria is right next to turkey and it gets plenty of asylum applications . 
  since most of them exit and go north it makes little sense to bus people from germany or italy only for them to leave again . 
  not that we have n't accepted refugees from the quotas , just not all of them . 
   and for good measure , let 's not pretend like everybody in bulgaria is so keen on supporting the sanctions : those people have n't won any elections . 
  currently it 's greece , italy and it looks like germany talking against the sanctions . 
  double standards upon double standards . 
  and then germany has the gall to ask for refugee solidarity . 
  dudeee first off , the commission is not a hundred people so it 's easier to keep them accountable . 
  secondly they can propose laws , unlike civil service people . 
  third the the commission has terms after which someone else has to take the job . 
  the civil service is like all the aides which help politicians do their job , and they stay between governments . 
  the eu has a civil service too of course . 
  i 'm not very familiar with uk 's civil service but i do n't see the comparison . 
  the civil service is compromised of hundreds of people right ? 
  but they do n't vote on laws or propose them . 
  the commission is comprised of people appointed by national governments . 
  they 're much like ministers . 
  and the president of the commission has to be approved by the european parliament which is directly chosen by the people . 
  it 's really not much different from how a normal government is formed . 
  those eurocrats are more `` elected '' than british politicians are . 
  how ? 
  russia is actively sponsoring parties like fn , afd , ms5 and of course half of our political scene plus they have their propaganda mouthpieces rt and sputnik and target internet users with anti-western stories . 
  oh and the putinbots of course . 
  as far as i 'm aware the us does n't do anything nearly as massive . 
  the us is not at fault here . 
  it was russia that invaded ukraine and tries to interfere with election across the continent , including our own country . 
  that 's a hostile act and not doing anything about is like letting someone punch you repeatedly . 
  can putin really leave though ? 
  what happens if the next president is unpopular and decides to up his popularity by investigating putin and his stolen wealth ? 
   in this year 's edition of the gii , 15 of the top 25 global economies are in europe . 
  europe is particularly strong in human capital and research , infrastructure , business sophistication . 
   european economies rank first in almost half the indicators composing the gii , and include knowledgeintensive employment , university/industry research collaboration , patent applications , scientific and technical articles , and quality of scientific publications . 
  let the circlejerk begin . 
  well while searching i saw a google print of the this as a column in the mk newspaper and it was the same . 
   imagine if germany spent millions raising their native fertility rate :-) . 
   what a fucked up country will it become in a few decades . 
  & nbsp ;  can germany get more ridiculous ? 
  & nbsp ;  good luck with that . 
  but the nastiest ones got deleted . 
  they do n't talk at all about what should 've been done , they 're complaining about what is being done now . 
  i get that . 
  but when i posted 4/5 comments were against even fixing it which leads me to believe those people do n't want it fixed . 
  someone should tell us republicans that then cause they just put new sanctions on russia over meddling . 
  you replying to the wrong person ? 
  cause where russia is is not relevant to anything i or you said . 
  keep ignoring everything in my post btw . 
  you do n't know that ukraine is in europe ? 
  i had accidentally linked the wrong article to attribute those quotes . 
  but you did n't even notice because you did n't read it before arguing . 
  and the article also says :  `` we can not ignore the situation in europe as a whole , in ukraine it is more clearly visible -- it is neo-nazism . 
  but somehow you argue that russian media saying there is neo-nazism in ukraine , that ukraine leadership not doing anything before consulting with nazis and that there are millions of nazis in europe and ukraine does n't mean anyone is calling ukrainians nazi . 
  i 'm gon na link to this discussion when anyone tells me russian trolls are n't real . 
  i even have it screenshotted . 
  the very article talks about millions of nazis in europe and ukraine . 
  did they not give you reading comprehension lessons before hiring you on the troll farm ? 
  that 's a very interesting point . 
  interfering in us elections probably was n't done with a single goal in mind but several and what you said may be one of them . 
  i read something interesting about putin , that he is a brilliant tactician but terrible strategist . 
  meaning he 's good on scoring short term victories but they may be harmful in the long run .
