  trust was broken last friday and i do n't know if we can fix it . 
  just make sure erdogan never hears about this ` most beautiful goat ' . 
  can we just not call it the united states of europe . 
  it has a terrible ring to it . 
  european union is pretty decent . 
  the new twist is that there are no twists !, 
  i know they 're being sued . 
  however it 's not under ceta and considering romania acted to protect their environment and historic heritage they may win the suit . 
  being a balkan country i can assure you that almost certainly there was a bribe being taken for allowing mining in the first place . 
  all of that could help romania win the case . 
  i do n't know if they could get sued again under ceta but if possible it would be much worse for our northern neighbours . 
  so all that needs to happen is for the british pm to mention to the council that britain is leaving ? 
  cue cameron hiding at home while the 27 heads of state fly over to the uk and start banging at the door of number 10 . 
  come out , david , we just wan na talk . 
  i ca n't , i 'm feeling a bit under the weather today . 
  can you confirm zat brexit happened ? 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  is n't this what the poster above said ? 
  or am i misunderstanding ? 
   even more wrong is the fact that the courts who are ought to decide those cases are secret and disclosed . 
  which creates a parallel justice system and is at least where i live highly unconstitutional . 
  wow , the secret courts part sounds insane . 
  i know romania has problems with some canadian mining company . 
  so under the ceta they could get sued in a secret court and have to pay up . 
  ah yes , you 've nicely detailed the entirety of the $ 17 t economies of the uk and eu . 
  also i have no idea why you think rolls royce would n't supply engines to the eu . 
  even if the uk exited the single market they could still trade just with tariffs . 
  nor can rolls royce afford to be political because then the whole world would learn they 're an unreliable partner . 
  i do n't get it . 
  someone explain please . 
  the point is just because a country is importing goods from another does n't mean that they have more power to dictate the relationship . 
  that 's why stopping exports for russia is considered a punishment . 
  trade , both imports and exports , is mutually beneficial . 
  when stopped both sides are hurt . 
  so what matters is which side can weather it better . 
  yes , the uk can import food from the us . 
  the uk can import food from china . 
  the uk can do lots of things , but the most beneficial thing would 've been to get your food from europe . 
  closest to them , safest , no need to worry about matching regulation and generally considered quite tasty . 
  since this is looking like the classic argument about whether the uk needs the eu more or vice versa , i 'd like to add that exporting to the uk instantly became less attractive because the fall of the pound will make it all more expensive . 
  did russia have the upper hand when they refused to import food from the eu ? 
  a country needs its imports because they allow to focus on what you 're good at . 
  if british bankers had to go farming to account for the lost imports that would not be a good thing . 
  and people wonder why we need privacy ... 
  you have no idea how to read that information do you ? 
  you 're comparing quarterly growth to yearly one . 
  not only that but france had 0 % inflation while aus had 1,3 % , so in the end those graphs show that france 's real wages grew more than australia 's , 
  if the brits are stupid enough to believe this , i 'm starting to question if we 're really better off together . 
  the top 10 % are much closer to recovery than the middle or bottom 10 % . 
  unfortunately the graph does n't say anything about the 1 % . 
  you may have a point after all though . 
  found an article that gives at least some answers : https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/may/15/britains-richest-1-percent-own-same-as-bottom-55-population relevant :  but the treasury said the report showed that wealth inequality had remained the same throughout the six years up to 2012 while income inequality had declined to levels last seen in 1986 . 
  a spokesperson said the government 's efforts to protect the poorest during the recession had worked . 
  there 's still more to consider , like the fact that even the top 10 % get a significant part of their income from sources different than wages , so this would n't be reflected in op 's graph . 
  or maybe the rich have just gotten better at not disclosing their real income so as to hide taxes ? 
  if the uk is anything like the rest of the world then their rich have gotten richer . 
  meaning that even if uk gdp is roughly the same as before the crises , the gdp formed by the lower and middle classes is still smaller , i.e. 
  they 've still not recovered . 
  ca n't imagine what it feels like living in turkey country while having a western mindset . 
  i would gtfo while i can . 
  it was a trick to get reelected . 
  he still gets points for trying to remedy the situation in stead of stubbornly advocating for something he never really thought was good . 
  he 's currently sitting at -97 points !, 
  oops sorry , thought you posted the `` disagree '' comment . 
  still , it leaves the same impression so i think it was right to comment on the contents on the link . 
  i suppose it depends on how you interpret u/middleman79 's words . 
  him saying we have no mass shootings in the context of comparing europe and america i understand that what he means is we have very little compared to them . 
  since anyone saying people ca n't get mass shot in europe would be ridiculous . 
  of course it happens , everyone knows that . 
  his goal was to compare shootings and europe wins this one easily , whether you look at his words or your source . 
  but with you saying you disagree with him and then providing a source with no further commentary makes it seem like his entire argument was wrong . 
  so that 's why i wanted to clarify . 
  a third of those were in russia . 
  and if you check the ones in america during the same period it 's not even funny how many times longer that list is . 
  8 dead in europe , 12 in russia and 177 in the us . 
  should also note the eu has a much higher population . 
  if you scroll a little bit down you 'll see the culinary map from the french perspective . 
  i like how they handled british food :d, 
  russia secures europe from russia , find out more at 7 . 
  just because a certain 30 % do n't approve of the sanctions does n't mean they see themselves as trojan horses or even moderate putanists . 
  we ca n't even get half the country to care about elections , let alone being putin 's voice in europe . 
  they probably just do n't like our exports to russia falling or the massive slump in russian tourists last year . 
  that just means they care more about the economy than the ukraine . 
  huh , is that photo from the 3rd of march ? 
  i used to pass through there every day a few years ago and there were hardly bulgarian flags let alone russian ones . 
  i admit i do n't usually pay much attention on what they 're selling though . 
  sources for those ? 
  pakistan and kenya could n't possibly be spending more per capita considering their gdp per capita is about 1400 usd . 
  i found an [ article ] ( http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2016/05/turkey-syria-growing-refugee-bill.html ) saying turkey spends $ 500 million per month or $ 6 billion annually on refugees . 
  compare that to germany saying refugees will cost them [ $ 50 ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/the-costs-of-the-refugee-crisis/a-19016394 ) billion this year . 
  that does n't even include the other eu states or the money we send worldwide or the billions turkey might get . 
  anyways my question was n't so much about the poor states that get overrun even if they do n't want to , but about what are other developed nations doing ? 
  i 've seen europe criticised by so many charities , world organizations , even heads of state for trying to stop the flow , so what are other countries doing that allows them to look down on europe ? 
  what is your definition of being russophilic ? 
  cause while the articles says that a little over half the population have a positive opinion on russia , it also says that if there were a referendum on aligning ourselves with either eu/nato or russia , 62,8 % want to be the eu and nato and just 32,9 with russia . 
  it 's understandable that many like the russians , we have similarly languages , traditions , ethnic roots and most importantly they freed us from the ottomans . 
  but evidently the majority does n't want us to ally with russia despite all that . 
  thankfully this percentage is much higher with young people , so russophilia will die out . 
  also where the fuck do you live where they sell russian flags in the streets ? 
  is there even a country or a block spending more money on refugees than the eu ?
