   beating gays ' did n't happen in serbia for a long time , and extreme corruption is a problem but it 's being solved , you two are arguing with extremely different viewpoints lol . 
  i was n't saying this was happening in serbia ( i mean it sometimes it might but that 's not unique to serbia ) . 
  ahwhatever11 said that wanting to be in russia 's camp was not about money or living standards but values . 
  so i mockingly asked what sort of values made russia that much more desirable than europe . 
   eh . . every countries interest is self-serving , ca n't agree with you here mate . 
  that 's true but there are differences between countries . 
  the eu is incredibly altruistic , if i remember correctly a little over half of all the aid in the world comes from european countries . 
  and it 's not like this is done just to influence countries . 
  as we 've found out after the migrant crisis the eu is terrible at leveraging its aid . 
   this is where i agree but i think russia ca n't really threaten serbia , we are far , faaar away from them , and in a ring of nato states . 
  it ca n't attack it like its neighbours certainly but there are other dangers . 
  like the attempted coup in montenegro , the support russia gave gruevski , things were close to getting very ugly in macedonia , election meddling from which some eastern european countries have been complaining long before the us made it mainstream , spurring protest like it likely happened in bulgaria in 2013 ( do n't get me wrong the protests were genuine and needed but there we 're some indication russia was fanning the fire ) . 
  stuff like this . 
  latvia 's and lithuania 's population decrease is due to russians leaving for the motherland , right ? 
  is it young or old russians who are emigrating or both ? 
   well not to the bulgarians . 
  i never did understand serbian whining about some `` backstabbing '' . 
  not like you have n't done the same and worse or just about every country with more than a century of history has . 
  but i guess you have no arguments so you resort to insulting my nationality . 
   but ... they literally did annex some serbian lands have they not ? 
  the west opened this pandoras box , now play in it so you think there 's nothing wrong with that just like with crimea . 
  got it . 
  anyway i think there 's no point in talking with you . 
  have fun with russia , i 'm sure you 'll love their no string attached help like in ukraine , belarus , moldova , etc. 
   i made you a list of thing . 
  first and chief among them is mutual respect and friendship . 
  more valuable than any money . 
  mutual respect and friendship are just subjective words that do n't mean much . 
  russia and turkey keep talking about mutual respect and friendship while sanctioning each other and accidentally killing the other 's citizens . 
  if russia respected you so much why are they selling you russian gas at one of the highest prices in europe ? 
  russia 's enemies further away from them than serbia enjoy cheaper gas . 
  if russia is your friends why are n't they contributing development aid to serbia like so many western countries do ? 
  the money you get from russia are loans while europe , japan even the us provide free funding for serbia . 
   they can recognize kosovo right now if they wanted to . 
  they have zero reason to . 
   yeah and we never though montenegro would join nato , does that mean our relationship was n't sincere ? 
  are you comparing joining nato to annexing land from your supposed friends ? 
   yes . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  yes , there is . 
  it 's funny to hear this from a serb . 
  the crimean annexation is similar to kosovo except much worse . 
  i guess if albania annexed some serbian land now there would be nothing wrong with that ? 
   whatever floats your boat i guess . 
  then what are these better and more important things in life ? 
  simply not recognising kosovo ? 
  which broke off much earlier than crimea happened so russia could n't have been thinking about that , assuming it even cares whether the world recognises its annexation . 
  a few years before 2014 russians considered ukraine one of their top allies , what makes you think your relations are more sincere ? 
   serbia has volunteers in ukraine now , on crimea , in the east . 
  for real ? 
  that 's disgusting . 
  did you actually check it out ? 
  it 's mostly positive coverage of serbia . 
  if you have links to better serbian newspapers in english , post them , i 'd be happy to see them . 
   because there are better and more important things in this life than money or living standards . 
  like what , beating gays and extreme corruption ? 
  i think you 're being naive if you think russia 's relations with serbia are anything more than self-serving and wo n't turn the minute russia decides the stick is more effective than the carrot . 
  interviews with two people are n't really representative of what the general population thinks . 
  i think it 's very deceiving when media does that . 
  i 'd love to see an actual study on who serbians perceive as their friends , would probably be russia over the eu but still . 
  when i open the front page i 'd much rather see one bridge , one church , one war propaganda poster , etc. 
  than 20 of a kind . 
  when they 're so much none really stand out . 
  plus some are blatant attempts at karma whoring , like posting a picture of an endangered species and not even saying what that species is !, 
  does anyone else hate the `` x of europe '' trends ? 
  foreshadowing . 
  angela will be undergoing hormone replacement therapy and grow a mustache . 
  it 's not ? 
  does n't mean it ca n't be discussed . 
  this speech was probably written for him by aides so i do n't think it meant somehting special to trump . 
  the sentence can obviously be interpreted from many points of view but i 'll focus on the migrant crisis and islam since they 're quite relevant at the moment . 
  i do n't mind muslim people being muslim in europe , but there needs to be a limit to how much their beliefs can influence society . 
  european values and freedoms should supersede the freedom to be a religious fanatic . 
  if you 're tolerant to intolerance soon you 'll be left only with intolerance . 
  why is europe letting saudi arabia spread their wahhabism ? 
  it has no place in europe , or really anywhere , and is not even genuine . 
  saudi arabia literally pays for people to practice it . 
  why is the uk doing so little to stop female genital mutilation ? 
  why is n't the burka banned in all of europe ? 
  why are child marriages increasingly common and not stopped in the uk ? 
  why is sweden and other nations welcoming back isis fighters and even trying to find them jobs ? 
  that 's not being tolerant , that 's being stupid and letting people be harmed just not to appear islamophobic . 
  the whole refugee crisis contains a lot of ridiculousness . 
  if europe wants to help people from warzone countries then stop accepting migrants from safe countries so that there 's more space for real refugees and try to take people from syria itself . 
  the people who most need help ca n't even get to here because they do n't have the thousands of euros a refugee 's path to europe cost . 
  we 're taking the least vulnerable and forsaking the ones that need help the most . 
  if this is about europe wanting additional workers to fuel its economies well then there are hundreds of millions of qualified people around the world wanting to come to europe and contribute their skills . 
  why are we in stead taking the ones that have no qualifications and do n't even appreciate the countries they get sent to ? 
  it 's like europe is n't even trying but just going with the flow . 
  it ca n't assert itself to the ngos ferrying migrants from the libyan coast or to turkey threatening to unleash a migrant wave or to numerous countries who refuse to take back their people while taking in billions of aid . 
  europe is letting itself become overtaken by un-european people ( not saying you ca n't be muslim , foreign and culturally european , just that too often that 's not the case ) and while yes their influence and number is small today they can grow rapidly and turn the continent into a bad place . 
  if they do n't do it then the far right 's reaction to them certainly will . 
  i hate trump and want bad things to happen to him but he raised some valuable points . 
  `` the fundamental question of our time is whether the west has the will to survive . '', 
  is something that needs looking into . 
  huh , we 're the fifth least homophobic nation in ee + caucasus ? 
  that 's way better than i expected . 
   he does n't he blames serbs themselves and the opposition . 
  you might wan na read up on what he says . 
  he does n't now , what i 'm saying is he probably will once serbia has been in the eu for a while .
