  special prisons ? 
  why are the normal ones not good enough ? 
  i think we all know where this is going ... 
  burn the ~ ~ witch ~ ~ g\u00fclenist !, 
  the key thing here is that a new court house will be build , which will be turkey 's largest , specifically to try the putschists , as well as a new prison for them . 
  the court will be in the same place where a `` post-modern coup '' took place in 1997 which was bloodless . 
  so where 's the evidence all slav nations have the same mindset about peaceful and friendly actions ? 
  because your post only touches that with serbia . 
  and for serbia those were n't just mindless attacks , they were meant to facilitate the creation of yugoslavia . 
  wtf is your point ? 
  as if all the other countries in europe and the world have n't waged war against their neighbours ?!, 
  but when slavic nations do it it 's cause they have the same backward mindset ? 
  no , i read it before commenting and i \u00b4 ve read it two more times since then . 
  maybe i 'm thick but i do n't understand what the problem with my comment is . 
  it 's the russian way . 
  but i did read the article and i 'm still angry that it 's the eu making concessions to get britain to stay in the single market rather than the other way around . 
  grow a spine , eu . 
   this was more of risk of who is in power when brexit is enacted . 
  i was a bit worried at first , however i am actually quite happy with our new pm , she is showing herself to be a strong leader but also one who is keen to working with the member states of the union we are leaving . 
  funny , to me it looks like may is willing to concede to an eea deal . 
  she 's been talking a lot about access to the single market which is incompatible with the kind of independence that you want . 
   oh god this again . 
  to be honest i 'd accept some loss of gdp so that we 're not apart of the ever-federalising eu . 
  the mistake is to think that the referendum was a purely economic decision - it was n't , it was an ideological one . 
  this is one of the few legitimate reasons to vote for brexit . 
  while i do n't think like you i can certainly understand and admire wanting sovereignty and valuing it higher than the economy . 
  one of the risks of the referendum however is that because leave won only narrowly there may not be a true brexit . 
  the uk could leave only halfway and eventually join the eea which would mean taking an unnecessary hit both to your economy and sovereignty . 
  i think the referendum should have required something like a 60 % majority to avoid this . 
  or it could have asked about the single market not the eu to make it clearer to politicians what the people want . 
  of course they were vocal . 
  it 's good pr and they have no obligation to follow up on their words . 
  grumble , grumble , foiled again !, 
  but wait ... western countries are more on the non-rentagular side . 
  so does this mean ... it 's good to be circular ? 
  does this mean we won ?!, 
  and by a massive 0.002 points of circularness too !, 
  was just about to post this but i was trying to find a more detailed article in english . 
  according to bulgarian media a letter informing of the ban has been sent to all universities and research institutes in turkey and abroad . 
  it also says that cooperation in the exchange of specialists is suspended until further notice and urges turkish academics abroad to call back home if they have n't done so recently . 
  germany got today \u00b4 s equivalent of $ 13 billion . 
  [ hisssssss ] ( http://www.neonnettle.com/feed/images/royalreptileworth1000com.jpg ), 
  and thankfully these 4 survived . 
  with our luck i would n't rule it out :d, 
  yeah i agree . 
  people either hate turkey because of past history or do n't give a fuck about it . 
  we do cooperate but imo there 's an element of fear behind it . 
  having turkey as a neighbour is like having a big country like germany as a neighbour , except more unpredictable , militant and unapolegetic . 
  supreme sultan erdogan ? 
  true , and in an ideal world these politicians should all face consequences but in the real world one of these politicians is all that stands between trump and the presidency . 
  would you say every second american sacrifices children ? 
  half the us public supported that at first . 
  what they did n't confirm that clinton was a long-tongued reptilian creature that is selling america piece by piece to saudi arabia and she sacrifices children ? 
  i do n't know what people expected . 
  even if the emails implicate her in something immoral she would probably have acted under government policy . 
  please already be in cern , please already be in cern ... 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  take that romania , we did one good thing before you !, 
  do n't get tired of upvoting and signing these because corporate interests will never get tired of pushing for such detrimental legislation . 
   `` this means that some of the economic benefits of brexit will materialise even before the probable formal departure from the eu around december 2018 , '' he sure does !, 
  i was just joking with how horribly i misspelled it :( but really what i wrote sounds nothing like czechia . 
  [ listen ] ( http://howjsay.com/pronunciation-of-dyschezia ) . 
  czechia sounds way different and better !, 
  nice . 
  hope you did n't get offended , i actually love czechia 's new name . 
  there you [ go ] ( http://medical-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/-chezia ) . 
  ah that nz number is from 2013 when the dollar was worth less . 
  this is an easy to read list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita australia is also quite expensive . 
  in ppp they 're the same as germany . 
  where are you getting those numbers ? 
  i find both nz and sk to be just below in ppp . 
  in nominal nz is just ahead but sk drops to 24k . 
  and australia is nowhere near that in nominal or ppp though higher than the eu . 
  the us is about right . 
  less rich countries do grow faster but the difference in growth rate with everyone but the us is too great for this argument to work here . 
  all fair points . 
  but i do n't think they cover the whole picture . 
  let me explain : for one thing migrants need not be poor . 
  but even if they are they still bring a kind of investment when they set foot in a country . 
  when they arrive they immediately need to start paying for housing , maybe new clothes if the climate is different than they 're used to and other one time expenses that you do n't usually think about . 
  so many people save a decent sum before changing countries which is then quickly spent . 
  they also save less of their income than than the native people and the more money circulates the better it is for the economy . 
  this is obviously not good for the individual but thye do n't have much choice . 
  migrants do get more governmnet support but they usually bring in more than they get . 
  at least that 's true for the uk i do n't know if it 's the same with more generous goveernments like sweden 's . 
  there are also lots of well educated people coming from poor countries looking for better opportunities . 
  even if their employer can afford to pay them less than they 're worth they still create great value . 
  also the `` benefit '' of a migrant does n't just stop with them . 
  you have kids of people who 've migrated a generation ago . 
  they 've managed to climb the social ladder a bit , hopefully gotten better education than their parents and so can contribute more . 
  so i 've these countries had higher migration in the past they would be feeling additional beneficial affects now . 
  i agree that in the end the average migrant does n't contribute as much as a native but as i 've said in the op not all population growth is due to migration . 
  these countries have higher birth rates than in the eu and quite importantly younger populations . 
  you can kinda measure that trough the death rate - for each older person dying you have another retiring . 
  so aging is indirectly reflected in the rate of population growth/decline . 
  uhmmm , that growth gave me a nosebleed . 
  no , really , i 'm a bulgarian born after 1989 , any kind of population growth would give me a nosebleed . 
  there are huge differences of course but i commented on the whole . 
  but even in western europe the increase is n't guaranteed .
