  it happens in many countries and more authoritarian leaders in particular love to use the eu as a scapegoat . 
  i mean hungarians in general and specifically those that support the government . 
  like even if i were an orban fan i 'd still disapprove of these `` psas '', 
  do n't hungarians get mad their tax money is used this way ? 
  imagine the outrage if men organised a woman-free ~ ~ music festival ~ ~ anything . 
  i guess they 're chauvinistic ... bitches ? 
  there are literally billions of people who live in such countries . 
  europe ca n't take them all . 
  yeah and you can even get citizenship if your property investment is big enough . 
  spain is obviously exploiting the cheap euro on the backs of other european nations to boost their economy !, 
  i was 13 when we joined so i do n't think my insider status means much when comparing pre and post-eu bulgaria :p i do think the country has progressed a lot since 2007 and that seems most visible in recent years . 
  experience aside when i look at it logically i just ca n't even understand why someone would think the eu could be bad for us . 
  it 's telling that eu 's critics try to paint the free money we get from the eu as something bad . 
  it shows that they 're out of real arguments so they resort to something so ridiculous . 
  i do n't know who downvoted you , here 's an upvote . 
  the poll in the other comments is from 2014 . 
  [ this one ] ( https://europeanwesternbalkans.com/2017/02/06/47-of-citizens-support-serbian-membership-to-the-eu/ ) is from 2017 and it says only 47 % want to join . 
  the problem , imo , is not that 47 % is that bad but it 's that the period before joining is sort of a `` honeymoon '' phase . 
  support for the eu will most likely drop after that . 
  with vucic in charge serbia can become an even more antagonistic hungary as vucic blames the eu for any problems in serbian society meanwhile taking the credit for all the benefits of the pre-accession reforms serbia will have to make . 
  the study cited above says 47 % will vote for joining but later on it says only 35 % consider eu membership a good thing . 
  so it looks like the skeptics and undecided will refrain from voting but still with with just 35 % thinking eu membership is good serbia makes even the uk look europhilic . 
  am i the only one suspicious of whether serbia really wants to join ? 
  i mean not even half the population supports it , serbia often talks about wanting to be in the middle of the west , russia and china in stead of committing to one of them and most importantly they have vucic . 
  vucic is a wannabee dictator and joining the eu surely goes against his ambitions . 
  i think he might just be using the eu to hold on to power but once serbia gets closer to joining he would make sure accession is postponed indefinitely . 
  i do believe serbia belongs in the eu but not with vucic and not until serbs themselves want it . 
  nice , i should 've done that in stead of shying away from mostly using one colour . 
  well at least my rainbow map is more gay friendly !, 
  trick question . 
  your economy stayed stable but because population decreased the individual greek got richer . 
  unfortunately greece is probably the last country on earth where that is desirable since your debt is not per person and does n't shrink with the population . 
  i 'm hopeful the worst is behind greece though , the first quarter had good growth and unemployment is falling . 
  i made this map to illustrate that gdp per capita growth can be quite different from gdp growth due to population change . 
  i think not enough attention is paid to the former even though it better reflects how living standards change . 
  `` why does n't the west want to be friends with russia though ? '', 
  are n't people tired of this joke yet ? 
  it really has gone far enough and is getting a bit offensive imo . 
  why some redditors have even started to use flags with a blue cross on a white background ... 
   does n't trade much with russia it does get russian tourists though . 
  bulgaria lost half a million russian tourists after 2014 plus the trade losses . 
  but we were still fine and poland and the baltics were fine so that 's why i 'm saying serbia would 've been fine too . 
  i agree albania did n't have much to lose . 
   kosovo   lol , do n't be offensive . 
  cmon , you may not recognise kosovo but surely you agree they have a separate government and trade policy than serbia ? 
  in that regard i thought they were worth mentioning . 
   if they stretch for 5 years , that would be almost 4 bilion dollars they would n't lose all their russian exports to sanctions , no country did . 
  and what they do n't sell in russia they can sell somewhere else . 
  it would be costly to seek new markets yes but the point is it 's not a total loss . 
  in some cases serbia would probably find more profitable markets . 
   as they care about taking over the economic primate from the us . 
  that 's a good explanation . 
  hopefully it turn out well for serbia and the countries that follow its example . 
   eu accession makes that pretty clear . 
  what like with turkey ? 
  eu accession bid does n't prove the country is committed to the eu , especially if a large segment of the population is anti-eu . 
   which ones ? 
  montenegro , albania and kosovo . 
  georgia too , they are n't in the balkans but they similarly are trying to become part of the eu . 
   in one year , sanctions last a few years at least , no ? 
  yes but that sum stretched over several years would n't be very significant . 
  and again not all of serbia 's exports to russia would vanish , they 'd keep around half . 
  other ee countries that export more to russia weathered the sanctions , serbia would too . 
  what does n't make it russia can be redirected elsewhere . 
   mostly because it 's usually china donating things to serbia , serbia recently made a deal to have a direct flight into beijing ( which iirc rarely which balkan state has ) , china heavily invests into serbian infrastructure too , im not sure if that qualifies as trade ? 
  not really . 
  that 's foreign investment . 
  i 'm quite interested in what will become of china 's silk road . 
  it sounds too good to be true imo . 
  china is a huge economy , but per capita it 's still poor so why would they give out so much money for free when their own economy needs it badly ? 
  i 've read that often china is n't really giving free funds but is loaning the money in stead and is requiring the contracts are done by chinese companies which partly employ chinese workers . 
  i do n't know how true that is in serbia 's case but i found an interesting article on the topic : https://insajder.net/en/site/focus/4752/serbia-on-the-%e2%80%9csilk-road%e2%80%9d-of-china.htm it says that at least the hungary-serbia railroad was a loan , worth 320 million euros . 
  it means a lot . 
  that would be serbia signaling where its geopolitical orientations lie . 
  other candidate states in the balkans have partaken in the sanctions . 
  it would have been a rare chance for serbia to prove she is n't too attached to russia . 
  you got me curious so i looked up serbian exports in 2016 . 
  i wanted to see if russia 's economic significance was as overstated in serbia as it is here . 
  surprise , surprise , it totally was . 
  [ serbian exports in 2016 ] ( http://www.stat.gov.rs/website/repository/documents/00/02/39/62/st12012017e.pdf ) so exports to russia were 2 or 3 times smaller than to either italy or germany . 
  smaller than exports to bosnia or romania and only a little bigger than exports to montenegro or macedonia . 
  there would n't be `` couple of billions of trade to lose '' because the total exports are worth 0.79 billion dollars . 
  plus sanctions would take away just a part of that , not everything . 
  i was surprised at how little serbia exports to china . 
  here they 're sometimes said to have a good and productive relationship with china but you would n't know it by looking at that trade balance . 
  we 're nowhere near as russophilic as you . 
  you did n't even apply the russian sanctions . 
  i do n't get how there 's outrage when governments spy on each other but crickets when they spy on their citizens ... 
  it should be the other way around . 
  this is a europe sub not an eu one . 
  the fact that people interested in europe are likely to be interested in the eu too does n't change that . 
  upboat for protonmail, 
  awesome pic !, 
  i think the idea is to pressure the respective governments to take back their people . 
  happy statehood day , slovenia !, 
  croatia too !, 
  this should 've been a joint thread i think . 
  cars are hundreds if not thousands of times more dangerous than terrorists so even with precautions they pose a much bigger danger for you . 
  70 eu citizens die daily to traffic accidents . 
  that 's like having a terror attack that kills 500 people every week .
