  it 's also perfectly in line with russia 's strategy to sow instability that keeps countries from joining the eu . 
   we do these things to ourselves , ai n't nobody forcing us to do anything . 
  i 'm not saying serbia or my country , bulgaria , would be some sort of bastions of the rule of law if it were n't for russia . 
  we are corrupt and our politicians are easily bribed but that 's exactly what makes russia so effective here . 
  just because we could 've fixed this problem if we elected better people does n't absolve russia of guilt . 
  after all other countries could do the same things russia does but do n't or at least not nearly as much . 
  it 's not just the world of politics it 's the public discourse too . 
  often pro-russia people try to hijack discussions into a direction that benefits russia the most and is not best for my country . 
  i 'm sure it happens in serbia too , actually i see it . 
  this balancing thing between the east and the west you guys are trying to do sounds reasonable but it 's not logically sound and i do n't think it 's beneficial for you . 
  i was n't sure whether to list the ex-yugos , they were n't behind the iron curtain in the same ways as other countries and wikipedia even marks the curtain as ending at yugoslavia 's border . 
  while socialism certainly fucked them up i 'm not sure whether to fault russia here . 
  the yugos were a lot more independent and they could 've ended socialism if they wanted to . 
  so i only included macedonia , montenegro and serbia since they 're countries the russian government influences a lot to this day and tries to sabotage their chances of a better life . 
  i think privacy ( and other rights that anti-terrorism governments go after ) are paramount to our society and keep us save from things much scarier than some terrorist attacks . 
  turkey is a perfect example of how a country can turn oppressive and giving up your rights does n't make you any more secure . 
  there 's no reason to believe our countries ca n't go the same direction . 
  that 's been the global trend since the start of the millennia and while the west is far from an autocracy , that 's the direction it 's going . 
  the road to that is very long and there are many chance to turn . 
  but it seems no one is interested in turning and the speed is only increasing . 
  if our politician are really interested in saving lives then they should look to healthcare or road safety where there are thousands of times more lives to be saved than in giving up our rights to try to stop terrorism . 
  oh do n't i know it !, 
  here the russophiles constantly insist we must balance between eu and russia trade despite the fact that we export to russia about as much as we do to macedonia . 
  and we do n't export a lot to macedonia ... 
  belarus , ukraine , estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , moldova , czechia , slovakia , hungary , romania , bulgaria , serbia , montenegro , macedonia , armenia , azerbaijan , georgia , tajikistan , turkmenistan , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , uzbekistan , north korea . 
  although countries like cuba or syria would n't have been much different without russia it still supports their regimes and keep them from moving forward so i 'll throw them in too . 
  yep . 
  ironically russia could be a much better place if it stopped ruining other places . 
  all the money they spend on their humongous defence budget , the spying and the meddling could be invested in stead in russia and raise living standards . 
  if they were n't pissing off the countries that once liked them they could have much more mutually-beneficial relationships . 
  if they did n't constantly focus on other countries and how much they 're supposedly failing , they could look into their own problems and try to fix them . 
  it 's depressing really . 
  no , no , no obama making public statement about brexit is same thing as russian agents bribing media to spread lies or trying to recruit parts of the army . 
  trust me , i know . 
  russia is really trying to make the world a worse place to live in . 
  from sabotaging and crippling countries , to making it impossible to trust people on the internet . 
  i 'm not religious but i hope there is a hell for people like putin . 
  it actually scares me . 
  if we do n't self destruct as a species than in the future ahead of us we will surely go through authoritative periods . 
  with all the modern technologies it will be very hard to overthrow a dictatorship . 
  every word you say or type , every place you go can be monitored . 
  we can make propaganda more effective better than ever . 
  so we should be very wary of anything that could take us down that path . 
  our rights are extremely important , we should celebrate them , defend them , try to make them as permanent as possible . 
  in stead we 've just watched the past decade or two as we 've gotten less free . 
  god , just because montenegro is richer than say macedonia does n't mean montenegro is n't poor . 
  richness is a relative concept . 
  north korea is piss poor and yet it 's richer than some african states . 
   plus , i checked gdp per capita at wiki and montenegrin is negligible larger then serbian . 
  yes , that 's why i said it 's not las vegas just slightly richer than its neighbours . 
  it 's not that negligible btw , serbia 's wikipedia page is using 2017 projections while the montenegrin page went with 2016 numbers . 
  it 's not las vegas , it 's just slightly richer ( or less poor ) than it 's neighbours . 
  `` richest country in this group '' . 
  it 's far from a perfect measurement but if you look at wages , hdi or straight up wealth like in [ this map ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wealth-per-capita-by-country-in-europe-map/ ) montenegro is still ahead in all of those measures . 
  being a rich country to me and i think most people means quality of life which correlates with gdp per capita not total . 
  india has a bigger gdp than switzerland but no one says that india is rich or that switzerland is poor . 
  when some people say they do n't want this or that country to join the eu because they think it 's poor they mean the individuals are poor . 
  that 's the context in which we 're discussing montenegro here . 
  otherwise ukraine would be a more attractive eu member than iceland . 
  and ? 
  what 's the point of you saying that ? 
  it 's not like every country has the same gdp so when you divide it by small populations you get rich countries and when you divide it by big ones you get poor countries . 
  there are rich and poor countries of every size . 
  i said montenegro was richer than other western balkans country and you reacted first with a `` facepalm '' and then by saying of course they do , they have few people . 
  i do n't see how that makes sense . 
  you 've typed some words but there is n't really any logic behind them . 
  it has higher gdp per capita ( nominal or ppp ) than any other non-eu balkan country . 
  look it up wherever and you 'll see . 
  you 'd think if terrorism was important to may she 'd stop selling billions worth of weapons to countries which cause terrorism . 
  oh well , human rights are not that important anyways . 
  montenegro is pretty close . 
  it is the richest country in this group , has good relations with its neighbours and has by far opened more eu chapters than any other eu-candidate country . 
  she should take a cue from the republican party and their president . 
  so much personal responsibility it 's humbling . 
  130 years ago by people who have nothing to do with today 's russia . 
  i should be loving russia because we share close languages , slavic heritage , our love of cyrillic and the best thing anyone 's ever done for us , helping us liberate ourselves from the turks . 
  oh and i love the russian language too . 
  but in stead i hate what the country is and it 's not because of the way i was raised or because the media is anti-russian . 
  it 's because i constantly see the hundreds of way russia is cancerous for my country and for the region and has been since ww2 . 
  i wish russia would just sit in its corner of the world and suspend all interactions . 
  this is such a hogwash but i do want to address your last point because even though i 've hardly ever considered washington a friend they do a ton more than russia does . 
  america regularly provides millions of grants like for example helping plovdiv prepare for being a european capital of culture with an 8 million dollar grant . 
  russia never gives anything but it does sell us oil and gas for one of the highest , if not the highest prices in europe . 
  americans honoured the 24th of may by reciting bulgarian poetry while russia slighted us by saying cyrilic came from macedonia . 
  americans help with renovating monuments or excavating cultural sites while russia 's policy has long been russification like it does in belarus or ukraine . 
  and here 's this [ gem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fq3majqbgky ) by russian tv , outright propaganda portraying us as a third world country which regularly protests evil brussels that keeps us apart from our beloved russia . 
  who gives a fuck russia is orthodox like us when it 's done nothing positive for our relations in at least a decade . 
  only lies , insults and bribes for our politicians to go against the national interest . 
  did n't russia forcibly separate transnistria from moldova ? 
  if so why how come it 's not political suicide to want closer relations with moscow ? 
  sounds about right , but i was thinking of the people who support / do n't oppose him currently . 
  only 54 % of americans disapprove of trump per gallup . 
  http://www.gallup.com/poll/201617/gallup-daily-trump-job-approval.aspx that 's like mindbogglingly little . 
  half of it at least . 
  i 'm all for it even if ( or especially ) it happens to my country . 
  in a hypothetical federalised europe where budget contributions are much higher than 1 % there should be a limit to such cuts though . 
  fuck yeah , someone needed to call out putin on his propagandist news outlets !, 
  russian media has no legitimacy . 
  alright , thanks . 
  that 's just so petty .
