  you can quantify immigration and tourism but the subjective value that people place upon these two things is going to vary . 
  immigration has an impact on social cohesion - how much people care about that will ultimately vary . 
   make a wrong statement how can it be wrong if it 's subjective ? 
  there is no absolute answer to who gets more out of the relationship . 
  people place different values on different things . 
  for example , if i state that `` tsirpas is a fucking moron '' there is no absolute answer to whether he is a moron or not . 
   say `` if you downvote this , it means its true '' i never said that i pointed out that it is ridiculous that people censor any opinion that is against the eu . 
  the eu benefits far more from our relationship than the uk . 
  downvote me for expressing an opinion - brilliant . 
  censor any criticism of the eu . 
  no shit we are still recovering from a huge recession . 
  what we are doing well at the moment is creating more jobs and if real wages continue to increase the number of poor will fall dramatically . 
  how is it ridiculous ? 
  the supply of housing in london has been increasing at a slow rate while the demand for housing in london has been increasing at a huge rate due to the huge influx of immigrants . 
  increase in population in a city = increase in houses required to be built . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying immigrants are the only factor but they are a large part of it . 
  the same can be said for transport . 
  mark carney is based as fuck, 
  we could have left you to the nazis and we intervened . 
  do n't be so rude . 
   while i think u/tillwinter explanation for the result is lacking . 
  i would not agree with the statement that the cameron gov has a good track record . 
  why not ? 
  last year we had the highest economic growth out of any developed economy in the world . 
  we 've created more jobs than the ** entire ** eu since 2010 . 
  employment rates are reaching record highs . 
  they 've managed to cut our deficit by roughly half . 
  real wages have begun to rise so the effects are coming through . 
  760,000 more businesses have been created since 2010 . 
  is n't that a decent track record ? 
  sure but not even having left university is taking it to a whole new level . 
  she probably has n't lived in a flat on her own yet etc. 
  her constituency rode the wave of nationalism that is sweeping scotland . 
  it has nothing to do with her ; even snp supporters are admitting that if they stuck a dog with a yellow rosette in that seat she would have won . 
  that 's the thing - people do n't want a multicultural population because it does n't work ( atleast at this rate of immigration ) . 
  that 's mainly why ukip got so many votes and the conservatives got so many too . 
  immigration is a good thing but at the current rate it is completely unsustainable . 
  we have a housing and transport crisis in london and yet tens of thousands of migrants flock to the city every year , not to mention the huge damage it does to social cohesion at this rate . 
  did you just take a shit on your keyboard and looked at your screen while that paragraph appeared ? 
  what a load of nonsense . 
  people voted conservative because they have a good track record , unlike labour . 
  ridiculous - what life experience does she have ? 
  she has n't even finished her dissertation . 
  yes she does , she has to represent her entire constituency even the non-students . 
  can you give any detail ? 
  i do n't know where the eu was 10 years ago . 
  i was hoping for an actual debate with reasoned points but if you want to derail the thread with vacuous hyperbole that has no relation to the topic which is `` democracy '' then i suppose i ca n't stop you . 
  i 'm sure mr. rees-mogg would point out that my thread is more democratic than the eu . 
  why would n't you be able to ? 
  what point do you disagree with or is it just because he 's posh ? 
  he might be posh but he is probably the most down to earth mp in the commons and he is a man of principle - that is agreed upon by both sides of the political spectrum . 
  we have actual reasons to be annoyed at the eu, 
  what 's that meant to show ? 
  does n't that just give other countries an incentive to get close to russia because they know that if they do the eu will be less strict on debt repayments ? 
  i do n't see how that solves the problem . 
  let greece do what they want to do , ultimately it is their own choice if they want to promote strong ties with a semi-fascist pseudo-dictator who annexes countries that are in the process of joining the eu . 
  if they are going to do that then i really do n't want them in the eu anyway . 
  let me rephrase - consecutive greek governments hack racked up huge debts and have been generally irresponsible . 
  greece as a nation should take the blame for this and should pay back their debts like any other responsible member of the international community . 
  the population is also at fault for being stupid enough to elect a radical socialist government who , instead of trying to pay off their debts , is trying to get out of them and claiming that germany owes them # 200bn for war repatriations while simultaneously cozying up to russia . 
  consecutive greek governments . 
  the populace then elected a radical socialist when they need someone who can sort out their economy - not a wise thing to do . 
  what part of what he said is wrong ? 
  it 's their fault they racked up so much debt and then elected a pm on the platform of `` we do n't owe anyone anything '', 
  tsirpas and the rest of his government are deluded morons, 
  his reply said the predictions were wrong because they did n't account for not triggering article 50 instantly 2 . 
  my reply pointed out that the predictions of the boe were predicated on article 50 not being triggered instantly i think i 'm slightly drunk please say if i 'm wrong, 
  well that 's not true . 
  mark carney and other economists already admitted that the the economy was out performing what they predicted after the post-brexit announcement . 
  is n't it just common sense ? 
  if they have access to people 's internet etc. 
  then they can run algorithms and searches to detect suspicious purchases i.e. 
  material for making bombs . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's the * right * thing to do , and i personally do n't agree with the bill , but you surely ca n't be so one sided as to not see it 's benefits ? 
  why do you think they 're the passing the bill ; so they can spy on random people 's porn tastes ? 
  i think mi5 have foiled about 20 is attacks in the past year and a half , it 's pops in the papers maybe twice a month . 
  `` forcibly passing laws against people 's wishes '' - what law in the history of parliament has even been passed with unanimous agreement by the entire populace of the uk ? 
  we elect mp 's to represent us they voted the bill through . 
  therefore it is just as legitimate as other bills . 
  `` omitting herself from the laws '' - can you honestly not see the potential security threats from allowing the pm 's communication to be tapped ? 
  she did n't omit herself , she omitted the role of the pm and other mps . 
  it 's not a bill saying `` we exempt theresa may from this process '' . 
  therefore , once she goes back to being a private citizen the law will also affect her , as it currently does to her husband . 
  you need a degree of pragmatism in these matters . 
  i personally do n't back the snooper 's charter but it 's of a great help to our intelligence services . 
  one of the reasons why the uk has n't been hit yet whereas france has seen 10 + attacks with belgium and germany have also successfully been attacked . 
  if she 's the pm and she know that it will help stop terrorist attacks then it 's hardly mental gymnastics for her to justify it . 
  and she thinks all of those are good for the country ? 
  can you really not understand the concept that things you think are bad someone else might think are good ? 
  how mature , you call a women you disagree with a bitch . 
  beating up people you disagree with sounds kind if like something the nazi 's would do, 
  this is a lie , atheists do n't even have rights, 
  religion changes when it gets criticized . 
  no one criticizes islam because , as you just wonderfully demonstrated , they get called xenophobic/racist or executed in the street / their offices . 
  it 's a group of ideas , not a skin colour , it should be criticized as much as people want . 
  frankly by trying to shut down any debate you 're the one acting like a nazi here . 
  i 've just looked through your comment history , you 're a walking contradiction . 
  how can you accuse people of xenophobia and then go around saying `` says the american '' to commentators , say that they do n't have a culture and post in subreddits like shitamericanssay ? 
  you 're a complete and utter hypocrite, 
   `` but most british people would read about that leak and think better of may '' this did not happen at all .
