  she was absolutely lambasted in the press for a day as completely incompetent and as the wrong person to take through negotiations . 
  go to / r/ukpolitics and read the first thread about it , she 's normally quite popular there and she was getting torn to shreds . 
  eu sources say the leak stemmed from juncker 's chief of staff , so it 's reasonable to assume that this is between him and may rather than an eu wide strategy . 
  they have a bit of a reputation for committing a lot of crime , particularly mugging people and stealing tourists wallets . 
  immigration was an issue but romanians in particular were n't . 
  there was about a week when they were talked about but that was only because the transitional cap on migration for them and bulgaria had expired . 
  then about 100,000 moved over . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36704783 the tit who made the thread is just an idiot who quite literally wants the uk economy to crash because he has a grudge about us leaving for whatever reason . 
  if that 's the case and the leak was to prepare eu citizens then * why * on earth do this while may is running for election ? 
  the story could have been hugely damaging . 
  it was leaked in a way to gain maximum publicity while theresa may is trying to win an election . 
  if they wanted to prepare eu citizens for what 's ahead then he should have waited until our election had finished - it 's abundantly clear that his intention was to humiliate her . 
  let me illustrate this with an example . 
  you 're a german citizen and angela merkel is running for reelection . 
  she does n't get on very well with putin and recently attended a summit in moscow . 
  during this summit merkel and putin had a private meeting over dinner regarding eu policy toward ukraine . 
  while the german election is in full swing , putin then briefs the german press with a humiliating account of the off the record , private meeting , thereby influencing the election . 
  what juncker did is absolutely no different to this example . 
  if the russians did this everyone would be up in arms , but because it 's the eu no one seems to care . 
  personally i would take the meeting leak with a grain of salt . 
  it was obviously leaked by the eu commission with a specific purpose in mind ( while , coincidentally , may is running for reelection ) . 
  apply the same skepticism to stories you hear that are bad about the eu which are briefed by the british government . 
  there 's gon na be quite a few of these types of stories in the next few years ... 
  it 's not that surprising though , is it ? 
  may is going to be affronted by the fact that the eu commission just briefed the press with a very embarrassing one sided account of a private dinner meeting with absolutely no purpose other than to humiliate her . 
  this is also leaked while she 's trying to win an election and juncker was a guest at no 10 - pretty dirty tactics . 
  she said ` lets make brexit a success ' , trying to strike an optimistic tone , and juncker replies ` this can not be a success ' . 
  he then leaves the meeting and humiliates her in the press . 
  how 's that for `` goodwill '' ? 
  imagine if you were juncker and then you had a terrible meeting with may in brussels . 
  imagine that the british government then briefed the press with a completely one sided minute by minute account of what went wrong ( in their interpretation ) . 
  it 's not exactly a kind move or acting in `` goodwill '' as you say . 
  i 'd say it would be pretty damn insulting . 
  her comment about being a ` bloody difficult woman ' is a joke . 
  it was not intended to be literal . 
  during the leadership campaign a few months ago some senior tories were caught on camera ( unintentionally ) describing her as ` bloody difficult ' . 
  she 's making a joking reference to that because it shows that she 's strong and not to be humiliated by the eu . 
  you linked a poll showing that most people see brexit as a mistake and then generalized that most of the uk are in denial . 
  do you realise that ` regretting ' something and being in ` denial ' about something are entirely different things ? 
  and what is the difference between a total recession and a mild recession ? 
  they have the same definition - two negative quarters of growth . 
  the word `` total '' was quite clearly used as a figure of speech and to my knowledge has no meaning in economic theory . 
  i did n't contradict myself at all !, 
  can you not concede that you were wrong when you asserted that the predictions by banks etc. 
  did not predict a recession directly after the vote ( when in fact they did , and were wrong ) ? 
  neither of us is ever going to learn anything if we do n't concede any points when someone else proves them to be wrong . 
   `` so you admit to reading them . 
  it 's obvious that their propaganda has influenced you to the degree that you 're contradicting yourself . '', 
  well if clicking on what you linked me counts as reading then yes , i have . 
  apart from that i do n't buy the papers and use the bbc and crossparty spectator instead . 
  to imply that my opinion is worth less or is just parroted ` propaganda ' just because i may or may not read certain papers is very authoritarian of you . 
   `` i also did n't make a `` crass generalization '' . 
  that 's also what the polls say . 
  you linked me to an independent ( which , by the way , is viewed in the same category as the mail , sun and express in terms of journalistic integrity ) article . 
  how is thinking that brexit was a mistake the same as being in denial ? 
  denial is denying something is happening when it clearly is , regretting something is entirely different . 
   `` you were contradicting yourself and still are . 
  i find that amusing . 
   '' how so ? 
  i do n't see where i 've contradicted myself . 
  i proved your claim , that the banks did n't predict a recession directly after the vote , as false . 
   is n't that `` a crass generalization and you should do better '' ? 
  well no because i 'm talking about how brexit has affected me , therefore , it 's not a generalization . 
  i 'm not saying my experience applies to the rest of the population . 
  i edited some more stuff into the above comment showing you that both the government and banks said there would be a recession after the vote . 
  can you not concede that you were wrong on that point ? 
   `` it 's as if you want others to want it to fail . 
  this is exactly what your tabloids intoxicated you with for years . '', 
  no , not at all , that 's just the general impression i get from reading comments on this subreddit . 
  i do n't think that most europeans think this way at all , but quite a few redditors seem to . 
  i do n't read religiously any of the mail , times , sun , telegraph or guardian . 
  i mean , just going from your comments , you 've just made a thread expressing a crass generalization about the entire uk population from a few reddit debates you 've had . 
  i mean we were discussing a recession for the uk economy ( which would wreck the lives of millions ) and when you think you 've proved me wrong you put a bloody smiley face . 
  how is that not expressing glee about a situation which you are trying to convince me is absolutely dire ? 
  also , taking a sample of the mail , sun and express is quite clearly showing your agenda . 
  the uk have a very good press for the most part , and all countries have a few shite papers . 
  considering you 've already made a huge mistake regarding what our papers said in the referendum i 'd suggest you be more cautious with what you say about them . 
  why are you so angry at the uk ? 
  painting all of our population as in `` denial '' is a crass generalization and you should do better . 
  brexit has n't affected my life whatsoever so far . 
   `` no , dude . 
  they did n't . 
  they predicted exactly what is happening right now . '', 
  this is a lie , i can forgive you because you 're not in the uk so probably did n't follow the press as much . 
  to quote `` in his foreword to the treasury 's analysis of the short-term effects of a leave vote -- released a month before the referendum -- osborne wrote : `` a vote to leave would represent an immediate and profound shock to our economy . 
  that shock would push our economy into a recession '' . '', 
  this is not talking about a fall in the currency price ( which has been overvalued for a long , long time ) , this is a prediction of an instant recession by the chancellor . 
  this is n't exactly the only thing the remain campaign lied about to try and scare the public . 
  morgan stanley and other banks ( barclays , credit suisse etc. ), 
  did the same thing . 
  to quote : `` after the vote to leave , we , and consensus , forecast a mild 2h recession and cut our 2017 forecast by almost 2pp . 
  but , 2q data has come in stronger than expected , and we see elements of strength in 3q data , including july retail sales ( 1.5 % m ) and august composite pmi ( 53.6 ) . 
  in response , we 've ` marked-to-market ' our growth forecast from a sharp slowdown and brecessionto a lesser slowdown , which narrowly avoids a technical recession . '', 
  see the bit where it says `` we , and consensus , forecast a mild 2h recession and cut our 2017 forecase by almost 2pp '' . 
  they 're not talking about the 2 years after article 50 was triggered , they 're talking about directly after the vote was taken . 
  they 're quite obviously wrong . 
  so , from this we can gather than both the uk government and banks forecast a recession after the vote , not two years after a50 is triggered . 
   `` are you actually trying to use them as hostages or something ? 
  `` give us free trade or the immigrants will suffer . '', 
  is that it ? '',
