  for example , when they and the green party took over the government in 2014 they abolished the minister for integration because they thought every department should have a responsibility for integration , which i agree with , but that also means you have to actively work for it which they have n't really kept up with . 
  school . 
  ca n't remember why but we would be singing the national anthem . 
  might have been at the end of my first school year . 
  though , i still do n't know all the verses , only the most common one . 
  i do n't mind the monarchy . 
  it 's largely without any real powers and the republicans are really , really bad at trying to convince people that sweden should turn into a republic . 
  when your main point is that the king is dyslexic and therefore `` stupid '' then it 's a losing fight . 
  not too often ( luckily ) but it does happen . 
  as i said , it 's separate . 
  all hallows eve/day of the dead are the week after halloween . 
  people do n't put candles on the graves during halloween . 
  it 's simply the hollywood version of halloween . 
  it 's only a problem if you somehow oppose the values that lies in whatever they deem political correctness to be . 
  but people can somehow never actually define what political correctness is . 
  we still have a day of the dead . 
  but it 's usually the weekend after halloween . 
  it 's the one where people put candles on graveyards . 
  halloween are usually the poor man 's easter where kids go around , asking for candy . 
  i can stand behind that . 
  i 'm half swedish , half japanese . 
  i look pretty caucasian so i do n't get that many funny looks . 
  people do n't really mind it ( i think ) unless they do have some narrow opinions about genetics and racial purity . 
  september 11 is a bastard of a date . 
  not really . 
  despite the micro crisis that shows up now and again , it 's pretty good at the moment . 
  i 'm 26 , i 'm employed in a career that might have a future , might not ( library ) but there is always something else on the horizon if shit hits the fan . 
  i 'm an individual and my experiences are my own and not very similar to a lot of other swedish people . 
  of course , there might be others that share some aspects of who i am but i would n't say i 'm representing anything mainstream swedish . 
  there is general resentment over losing finland and the baltics but mostly aimed at the then-king and his advisors . 
  and then we replaced him with one of napoleons generals as head of the new royal family so ... 
  i guess people saw something good in napoleon at the time . 
   nowadays , it 's the only swedish remnant of the napoleonic wars that anyone thinks about . 
  the royal family does n't have much of an influence since the 1970s when they re-wrote the constitutional law here . 
  they are usually viewed as fine . 
  the republicans are usually doing such a bad job of trying to talk people into abandoning the monarchy . 
  yeah , probably . 
  i did n't start to think about it until like 10 years or so ago but you 're probably right . 
  it always surprises me when swedes actually get to play swedish . 
  like the princess in kingsmen : the secret service . 
  he was pretty great in the game until dawn that was released 2 years ( i think ) ago . 
  for most of those , the accents usually give them away . 
  dolph speaks english with such a flawless american accent that i have to remind myself that he actually is swedish . 
  i think most people think that peter stormare actually * is * russian nowadays . 
  i actually do n't know if people mistake any swedish actors/actress otherwise . 
  it 's hard for me since i obviously know that they are swedish . 
  true , i forgot about them . 
  sounds like a bit more thorough explanation than i did . 
  the swedish academy release a glossary that sometimes causes minor controversies but most often than not , it 's the go-to source people use for the swedish language . 
  as for culture , not really . 
  unless one counts the culture department as one such organization but they do n't really maintain the swedish culture , merely working to spread it . 
  that sounds a little harsh , yeah . 
  but not surprising . 
  i guess it 's the trial about the three bombers . 
  have n't really read much about it but from the talk , i guess porn has figured into it in some way . 
  like normal city life . 
  only i worry a lot more about racists attacking than usual . 
  they are currently setting up housing for immigrants close to where i live and the fears of the neighborhood is that some jackass is gon na burn the buildings down in the name of a `` ethnically '' clean country . 
  quisling , lenin and stalin , mao . 
  at least the ones i remember that we learned about in school . 
  i 'm generally a friend of israel but it 's stupid to see it as a binary choice . 
  there are idiots on both sides . 
  yeah , we 're friendlier than the reputation . 
  some issues would place him in the left-of-center wing of the social democrats , others probably only give him votes in the left party . 
  is n't this the equivalent of asking `` if you 're so smart , why are you in school with us ? '' ? 
  one issue does n't make or break a political leaning . 
  besides , i think it 's mostly about comparing germany against other countries . 
  i rarely think about how much they cost and yeah , i have too many bags at home . 
  i feel like a very typical citizen of the developed world . 
  yeah , i think it 's something like 1-2 sek . 
  first time in forever i lighted candles , i remember . 
  he would probably fit right in with the social democrats . 
  it was kind of the straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  they are in the government so they have to own up to things like locking the border for 9 months ( which they then declare a victory for when it 's finally opened ) . 
  it 's death by a thousand cuts . 
  yeah , they had a few rough months that completely decimated them in the polls . 
  sweden . 
  oh , they do exist . 
  especially in the summer . 
  i avoid touristy places then because it 's like a festering hive of people who go smarmy and are so fucking transparent it 's ridiculous . 
  pretty disastrous . 
  our green party have imploded and likely wo n't stay in the parliament for next year 's election ( less be a part of the government ) . 
  and the social democrats are ( apparently ) planning a turn towards cooperation with either of the center-right liberal parties . 
  haute tension , martyrs , inside , frontier ( s ) and sheitan are probably some of the best examples i can think off right now . 
  i think france and norway have the most interesting industries based on me liking horror movies . 
  britain is so-so and the rest usually comes up with an interesting movie now and again . 
  s\u00e4llskapsresan is spinning here at least a couple of times a year . 
  i saw the musical earlier this year too which was better than expected . 
  hitler had the hots for the `` aryan '' swedes which has fucked us immensely . 
  so when people hear that you 're swedish , it 's kind of a 50/50 chance that when they start to gush all over you that they 're gon na mention your pure genes or anything else to that effect . 
  the veteran 's day just this year became a flag day so yesterday was the first time the veteran 's day was celebrated . 
  sounds about right . 
  it 's the most important entertainment-related thing from january till the european finals in may . 
  yes , i think that is a bit fucked up . 
  i 'm 170 cm and it 's above average for women in sweden . 
  average is somewhere around 165 cm ( i think ) . 
  as for you , i think you might probably be somewhere around the national average . 
  sweden . 
  i grew up in a home with a japenese mother and swedish dad so at most i get to feel bad for my choices in life . 
  born in 1990 .
