  the only times i 've heard of larpers are surrounding the medeltidsveckan . 
  i never hear about them otherwise . 
  wow . 
  did n't know about that . 
  do you know where i can read more about it ? 
  i have a sweet tooth about history and would always love to read more about the history of the region . 
  cannabis : illegal , zero tolerance from law enforcement ( at least theoretically ) . 
  tobacco : legal alcohol : you can buy alcohol in pubs and restaurants at 18 , at 20 you can start to buy from systembolaget ( government-sanctioned monopoly ) . 
  sweden lost finland back in 1809 . 
  do n't think many people want it back anymore but it still suck in a historical sense . 
  made us get a new royal line too . 
  i 'm a cola girl myself but an ice cold fanta with pizza is the best . 
  5 sorta assumes that tax reasons are the only reason to renounce your citizenship . 
  beside , that would be a gross overreach by the state that does n't really make people want to pay taxes more . 
  pfffft . 
  haha . 
  i 'm sorry to disappoint . 
  i could ham it up if you want some drama ? 
  i am . 
  sweden did a lot of questionable things during and directly after the war . 
  the extradition of baltic soldiers were probably not the best moment in our history . 
  yeah ... any system that gives any credence to alex jones is a pretty fucked up one . 
  yeah , claims on land have a tendency to live on . 
  thankfully , no . 
  i want politics to be boring and dry , not trying hard to try and capture `` the youths '' . 
  and i say that as a 26 year old . 
  in the silent compartment , someone would complain to the conductor and the person would probably get a stern talking to . 
  do n't know if they actually have a case to be thrown off but it could probably happen . 
  the silent compartments are there for a reason . 
  were n't some people in greece screaming about reparations from the germans during the height of crisis a few years ago ? 
  i think the people that are still holding on to resentment are a minority . 
  sure , it might be politically convenient to sometimes drag up old stuff but it probably wo n't be a thing in another generation or so . 
  true . 
  most people i hear talk about peacekeeping missions and so on . 
  it 's mostly about people remembering kongo and former yugoslavia , i think . 
  yeah , next year is the first [ official ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/veterandagen ) year it 's been upgraded . 
  they just instituted veteran 's day as a national flag day but other than that , there is n't really any `` pride '' like the us has . 
  it 's like the police , they 're just doing their job . 
  japan . 
  i have family ties to the country and out of all the non-european countries , that is one of most obvious ones to me . 
  considering [ recent development ] ( https://www.thelocal.se/20170717/swedish-authority-handed-over-keys-to-the-kingdom-in-it-security-slip-up ) here in sweden , i would have to say no on that question . 
  watch movies , play games or hang with friends . 
  yes , the old `` swedes are getting raped in the streets in masses '' - conspiracy theory . 
  about 3 years of studies at university/college level and then one year of internship . 
  i 'm not a librarian but an assistant librarian with extended responsibilities . 
  i work at a library . 
  not everybody in sweden is a socialist so i guess that is about defying stereotypes . 
  i had no idea even the blueberries were different . 
  the father of one of my friends used to pick ton of blueberries every year . 
  unfortunately , he then got a stroke and could n't exactly stay in the woods by himself for several hours anymore . 
  the discussion about weapons can sounds increasingly americafied at times , which is frankly horrible . 
  the same kind of people that publishes pornos with actors who are way below the legal age limit . 
  it 's depressing to read about shit like that . 
  if you 're a researcher , and can get a permit , then there are magazines from the 70s you might want to research . 
  ( not even joking . ), 
  i would love if games got elevated to the same level as movies . 
  our national movie industry is all kinds of fucked up and , in a way , vastly overrated . 
  pulling the same kind of money into the gaming industry would create a boom . 
  we already have a pretty healthy industry but things can always get better . 
  if i remember correctly , `` stealthing '' was one of the things that got assange in hot waters ( among other things ) . 
  it 's a super fucked up thing . 
  condoms , in some cases , are a true dealbreaker . 
  no condom simply is n't an option even . 
  any of the baltic states probably . 
  or germany , if that 's a possibility . 
  we 've had a whole slew of pretty boneheaded people . 
  i have n't read the whole quote but i can imagine that they took that nugget and spun a story around it . 
  i can see that being a biproduct of that time . 
  sounds pretty awful and i thought we had it bad with jante that gets dragged up now and again . 
  sounds right about right . 
  and i do n't know if anyone else but felix makes it but yeah . 
  there was a infrastructure minister in the 90s ( who also happened to be it minister ) that said internet was just a fad . 
  she is still eating that quote up , even after 20 years . 
  taking it on a hamburger or hotdog is yummy . 
  do n't know if it 's possible to buy it outside of sweden though . 
  [ bostongurka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bostongurka ) is the way to live life . 
  so , kind of schadenfreude ? 
  i do it sometimes . 
  not that often , usually i refer to the specific country i 'm talking about . 
  but if i 'm talking about the continent as a whole , then sure . 
  very . 
  summer in old town is 20 % japanese tourists , 20 % germans and 60 % russians . 
  maybe it 's something dialectal because i 've never heard darkballs . 
    i do n't even know any `` old people '' who do without thinking . 
  be glad for that . 
  i ca n't remember when they started to change but chocolate balls used to be called `` niggerballs '' ( negerbollar ) but other than old people or contrarians , that has completely fallen out of use by now . 
  edit : [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vb_fy_mdni ) famous part of a family movie from the 90s make a light joke of this thing . 
  enjoy . 
  i can lock my bedroom door but i do n't . 
  i have a security door at the front door so i 'm pretty positive that unless anyone actually lockpicks the lock , they ca n't get inside . 
  peter stormare by now is more famous abroad . 
  according to scb , my mom 's maiden name is shared by 43 people here in sweden . 
  so , not a lot . 
  my last name though is regularly in the top 10 so it 's two extremes . 
  yeah , i still have that one queued for another time . 
  i forgot about the gothenburg fire . 
  i suspect they do . 
  conspiracy theories never die . 
  i went to school with a canadian guy but other than that i do n't know anybody who has family in north america . 
  i was 3 years at the time so i do n't really remember that much but i know enough of the aftermath and the whirlwind of conspiracy theories that got whipped up .
