  either the [ 2004 tsunami ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_indian_ocean_earthquake_and_tsunami#thailand ) or the sinking of [ ms estonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ms_estonia#sinking ) . 
  close to where i live now , several families were wiped out entirely or had several family members die when the tsunami hit thailand . 
  and the sinking of ms estonia was the largest ship disaster in peacetime in nordic waters . 
  yeah , that 's what i understand too . 
  and it makes sense . 
  people eat differently in different parts of the world . 
  ah , thanks . 
  they used to say that east asian people thought white/caucasian people smelled like milk . 
  i have no idea if it 's true but i know my mom told me that when she grew up , it was sort of a wild tale she heard when she was a kid . 
  to me , homeschooling sounds like organized insanity . 
  sure , it * might * not turn out bad but is it guaranteed ? 
  i work with kids and i know that the parents who would want to educate them out of their home , away from whatever they feel streamlined education is , are the people who should n't do it . 
  the only times i 've heard a solid argument for homeschooling is if the situation in school have turned so rotten that the kid ( or kids ) literally ca n't stay in school without negative consequences . 
  and then it 's usually just a temporary situation . 
  this might be the new flat earth theory where people are joking around about something until you actually have people believing the shit . 
  i mean , time served is n't really a monetary game ? 
  they are mostly deported . 
  sometimes they are ordered never to return , depending on crime . 
  the opinions themselves does n't need to be respected , just the act of having them . 
  of course . 
  when you ca n't treat people who have a differing opinion with some basic level of respect , then you 've lost it . 
  it 's never really gone away ( i 'm born in 1990 if that 's any reference ) . 
  my dad is swedish but my mom is japanese so to some i 'm not swedish , no . 
  trump has unfortunately almost made me do a 180 on us policy/culture . 
  before , i used to see something positive about it and that the negative rarely overshadows the positive . 
  with trump , i just do n't see the positive things anymore . 
  it 's everything just turned ugly . 
  of course , things just does n't get rotten overnight so it probably simmered under the surface for a while but yeah , shit has gotten bad since november , in my mind . 
  the backside to that is that someone has to be imperfect which always come about 2 seconds after people find out where you 're from . 
  and being a second generation immigrant makes that conversation pretty awkward . 
  too many to count . 
  on one side you have the people that claim all swedish people are the picture of perfect aryans : tall , blonde and perfect posture . 
  and on the other side you have those that claim that it 's the hell on earth and that it 's better to stay inside unless you want to get raped or maimed or something . 
  [ me_irl ] ( https://impeccabletablemanners.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/fake-wow.gif ), 
  or how about we do n't remember that , scrub it from our memory banks and do n't talk about it ever again . 
  * shivers *, 
  that 's a big leap of faith . 
  yeah , i do n't really get it . 
  then again , i 'm a girl so what do i know about the penis . 
  only time i hear of it ( not really a dinner conversation ) it 's usually on medical grounds . 
  there are attempts at stopping the tradition of religious circumcisions . 
  maybe . 
  i know at least a couple of non-religious people that wanted to vote kd because of gh . 
  the black block does n't need reasons to cause mayhem . 
  i used to rock the eu flair . 
  i did it mostly because i can and because i like eu . 
  it 's not some grand statement or some contrarian position . 
  it 's like guys who have bikini clad models as avatars on gaming forums . 
  just a thing . 
  our christian democrats went from a popular leader who attracted people outside of religious circles and now that they have a leader who seems to only attract their base voters , they are kind of in a shittier situation . 
  the war of humanity is propaganda from andromeda . 
  a dubstep rendition of [ eine kleine nachtmusik ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ack-jsz4uuo ) . 
  dubstep , being the imperial equivalent of elevator music . 
  old people in all the united systems rejoice while the young choose to spend their time wisely , going on a field trip to alpha centauri . 
  all the parties have lists when it 's election . 
  we can vote in persons further down the list but if we do n't , the one at the top gets voted into parliament . 
  so , in case of becoming minister , i guess it would be the next person that takes up the seat . 
  yeah , that 's probably correct . 
  i 'm living in a municipality just outside of stockholm and the only time i see/hear fireworks are may 1 and new years eve . 
  i would n't even know if we need permits though . 
  fireworks are legal , yes . 
  and * everybody * fires them like on new years eve . 
  though i 'm starting to see a trend where more and more people are starting to quit it , either from concern for pets or it just being lunacy to burn that much money * just * on fieworks . 
  they 're not exactly cheap . 
  people have a strange perception of what sweden is . 
  we have a couple of business dynasties that have persevered through the years . 
  and a society does n't just become egalitarian , it has to somehow fight their way there which is where most people drop the plot . 
  the wallenbergs are our wallenbergs . 
  we celebrate the day when gustav vasa became king and we became an independent nation . 
  some people do usually protest it though and talk about the evils of nationalism and so on . 
  haha . 
  in swedish , we usually call them holl\u00e4ndare which makes it even stranger . 
  i 'm confused by the confusion . 
  one is down on the continent and one is located at the northern end . 
  how hard can it be ? 
  one of the better domestic comics i 've ever read . 
  [ the superhero we need and the one we deserve ] ( http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/e338d2a6cc6c5cf96f03d25d7166f184.gif ) ( i would mark this as nsfw but it 's in swedish so it might go under the radar . 
  i have an uncle who lives in germany but that 's all . 
  yeah , asking for jurisdiction in a physical area other than your own is ... problematic . 
  yeah . 
  i think it 's silly ( though superstitions seems to control quite a few people these days ) . 
  it 's shit . 
  i would n't mind it , barely spend a minute thinking about it , if it was n't for the fanbase that seems to exist everywhere . 
  eu can sue an american company because they have business within the eu . 
  the same reason a european company can get sued in the us . 
  not that i know of , no . 
  it 's the uk thing , i think . 
  you have the united kingdom but you also have great britain . 
  and probably a ton more i ca n't remember . 
  pretty good . 
  standups are plentiful , late night shows are pretty anemic though but we do have some fairly popular comedy shows on tv , mostly sketch shows . 
  i have a policy not to eat rotten food . 
  wo n't give it up because of tradition . 
  i still have n't learned to enjoy surstr\u00f6mming ( fermented herring ) . 
  it 's just gross and it 's hard to tell if it 's bad or if it 's supposed to smell like that . 
  yeah , i do n't really get it . 
  then again , i 'm a city girl so what do i know . 
  [ \u00d6ppna landskap ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuouev9egi8 ) by ulf lundell have been used to convey a feeling of what sweden should be by different right-wing groups . 
  the largest right-wing/populist party used it during their election meetings ( i think ) during some election but lundell forbade them to use it . 
  i consider myself center-right on the swedish political scale and the social democrats do have a lot of sensible positions on issues but a terrible way of working it .
