karl xii used to be highly regarded by nazis but that has more or less disappeared i think . 
  they used to gather around his statue in central stockholm every november . 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised by the lack of downvotes . 
  i 'm gon na go offline and get some sleep but thanks for all the replies . 
  it feels good to somewhat have that out of my system for now . 
  yeah , that 's the hope . 
  nobody wants things to go sideways and hopefully things get better before it gets worse . 
  hopefully some day . 
  though i doubt it . 
  then again , i 'm feeling pretty pessimistic at the moment . 
  yeah . 
  i also know that a boycott on a personal level are only worth the moral relief you 're feeling . 
  as you said , most people do n't know or do n't care about the way the products are made . 
  there was a clothing company that sold jeans made in north korea here like 10-15 years ago or so . 
  i do n't know what happened but they had to shuttle the company , probably because to most people , country of origin is n't a real issue . 
  yeah , maybe that is so . 
  it 's the combination of rising nationalist angst and a nationalist government that just feels wrong . 
  like how people would have reacted to a tiananmen square massacre in a country with a vastly different government . 
  yeah . 
  from experience , i know they are kind of the human equivalent of the smallest dog barks the loudest . 
  it 's a fucked up thing and i do wish you come out of the other side relatively unscathed . 
  it 's not like us europeans do n't know the pain of a fucked up political landscape . 
  it 's mostly a subconscious thing because things usually rub off on us in a bad way . 
  and our ( old ) nazis are just now trying to be housetrained . 
  yeah , i can see that being a good reason to not do it . 
  it 's always hard to consciously boycott someone because there are always gon na be cases where things do n't add up because you like the writer . 
  i read hp lovecraft despite his antisemitism , i have a sodastreamer that probably was made in the west bank . 
  what i 'm feeling against american products is more subconscious . 
  it 's more sadness at the state of affairs and if i do n't have to think about where it came from , i would probably be a lot happier . 
  remember , south korea did n't allow any japanese products until the 80s ( even 90s maybe ) so samsung sold the nes ( or if it was the snes , i ca n't remember ) for them . 
  all because of the war and their pre-war activities . 
  it 's a fucked up world and i 'm just trying to make sense of it . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  it 's just the combination of the trump administration and the quite quick ascension of the neo-nazi movement that is pretty worrying . 
  it 's enough that one giant neighbor seems to be entertaining the neo-nazis , does n't really need the other giant to become a breeding ground as well . 
  maybe not . 
  it 's just something that has been itching my brain for a while and today was the rude awakening . 
  time will tell . 
  it would be comforting if things did n't evolve like they did . 
  i 'm pretty sure some people said not all germans were homicidal either . 
  as someone that is n't exactly white in their eyes , knowing that shit is that bad is n't comforting at all . 
  it 's not really a conscious boycott . 
  it 's more about being very aware of the country of origin for stuff . 
  i 've never really been one to boycott but lately has been pretty tough . 
  : / and yes , some individual companies might get excluded but that 's mostly very conscious . 
  i did n't mean boycott per se but i 've noticed that i , maybe unconsciously , choose to watch more british television , for example . 
  just those small things . 
  probably not . 
  as i said , today was kind of a wake-up call . 
  hopefully i 'm in the wrong and this is just a temporary thing but i did n't think actual nazis would have any business marching in great numbers , let alone with support , in 2017 . 
  [ felix ] ( https://static.mathem.se/shared/images/products/large/07310240060157_c1n1.jpg ) ketchup is the best . 
  sex laxar i en laxask ( six salmons in a box of salmons ) sju sk\u00f6nsjungande sjuksk\u00f6terskor sk\u00f6tte sjuttiosju sj\u00f6sjuka sj\u00f6m\u00e4n p\u00e5 skeppet `` shanghai '' ( seven singing nurses nursed seventy-seven seasick sailors on the ship shangai ), 
  of the countries i 've been to , greece and norway goes pretty high up on my list . 
  `` please madam , stop pouring beer on the locals . 
  they get wet and agitated . '', 
  opinion ? 
  men have their uses . 
  some are attractive , some would need to work on themselves . 
  i have n't seen every male in the whole country but when i have , i might return to you . 
  climate and language , mostly . 
  the north is cold and rugged and the dialect is hard to decipher . 
  the south is flat and warm and the dialect is nearly impossible to understand . 
  we 're a long country . 
  a couple but mostly just other swedes . 
  and i 'll probably fuck up the names so i wo n't try and list them . 
  yeah . 
  and americans ignorant about geography that is n't north america ? 
  colour me absolutely fucking surprised . 
  he 's an all-round bad actor that mostly does extremely sub-par movies . 
  and he is putin 's favorite westerner that he gave russian citizenship to . 
  plus he and his blues band played at some event for pro-russian separatists in ukraine . 
  he seems to be on the same intellectual level as steven seagal but otherwise he has done a bunch of good movies . 
  no , we merely communicate by hand gestures from across the room . 
  in certain cases i let my manservant pick up a lost boy . 
  seriously though , i do n't know ? 
  i do n't think we approach men more than in other parts of the world . 
  i never approach people in bars . 
  and in coffeeshops i would n't want to be approached so i do n't approach people there either . 
  i read something that the popularity of trump had spread but i do n't really know according to what metric because no matter what people vote for , i have n't heard a single good word about him ( maybe from some sverigedemokrat but that has exclusively been about the muslim ban ) . 
  on one hand , i want our populists as far away from the government as possible but on the other hand , if the result is them falling apart , maybe we just should let them play boss for a few weeks . 
  my parents did n't really believe in scaring us children to make us behave . 
  and since i started to watch horror movies from when i was about 9-10 , i did n't need any ghost stories exactly . 
  here there are a couple of think tanks . 
  most of them are connected to ideologies rather than political parties and they usually work more in education and trying to sway public opinion on issues . 
  yeah , probably . 
  without a locker i can see the need for a limit on what you 're gon na have to carry around . 
  and 15 kg does sound like a lot . 
  i do n't think we have any weight limits as such . 
  though , if you ca n't fit the bag in your locker , you would have to bring it into class and i 'm not sure the teacher would allow a too bulky bag in class . 
  so informally there might be a weight limit ? 
  yeah , as a woman of foreign heritage , there is really no end to it . 
  true . 
  it might be logical sometimes but when it 's not ... that hurts . 
  i do n't think they call it that anymore but it used to be a thing . 
  they mostly call it `` single-lines '' nowadays . 
  hehe . 
  yeah , i 'm way too familiar with spanish curses than i have any business to have . 
  we have a pretty large amount of chileans living in my neighborhood so i 'm fairly familiar with spanish curses . 
  yeah , i was n't surprised it was an old term though . 
  yeah , i 've seen it referenced somewhere , in some comic .
