  at the end of ww1 the armies dismissed themselves , the romanians crossed the border without a fight . 
  when the commies took over the country they could n't mobilize armies because nobody wanted to join . 
  there was only the szekely legion and a handful of volunteers . 
  romania conquered hungary with basically 3-4 divisions . 
  it 's not injustice if you 're ancestors were too much of a pussies to put up a fight . 
  romanians made up 16 % of hungary in 1914 . 
  i do n't understand why were people burning hungarian flags in bucharest at the time , according to you it 's a non-issue . 
   this is a town in the heart of romania i think it 's more of a stomach . 
  heart is more to the right . 
   banners , commercials , everything if i turn right , i see k\u00e1lm\u00e1n nicoleta 's sign has `` avocat '' written under it . 
  then i go to the city center and there 's bijuterii din hur , articole electrice , casa de schimb valutar ...  they have a hungarian everything , from mayor to police to everything . 
  it might be different now . 
  last time i was in that city was in 2000 , we were stopped by a policeman ( wo n't go into details ) that shouted at us in romanian . 
  we of course did n't understand him and he did n't speak english either . 
  anyway , is n't it a bit stupid to send policemen that do n't speak hungarian to a city that is 96 % hungarian ? 
   blablalba i feel threatened by hungarians having basic human rights the core question here is why is it a problem for you that hungarians want to live by their own customs in the areas where they are a majority ? 
  just like the catalans and south tirol-austrians , they did n't chose to live in a country where the official language is not theirs . 
  you should show some respect and acknowledge that they are human beings of equal value just like you , and that if you 're not forced to learn a language you do n't want to , then they should n't be forced either . 
  or you can do the right thing and learn hungarian , so you would n't have problems when in szekelyfold . 
  just like * they * have learned some romanian so they would n't get lost when venturing outside their region . 
  [ \u0160turovo train station ] ( http://worldinbetween.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/1204_sturova_195.jpg )  \u0160t\u00farovo ( hungarian : p\u00e1rk\u00e1ny ) is a town in slovakia ... with 68.7 % of the inhabitants being ethnic hungarian [ [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%a0t%c3%barovo ) ] where 's the hungarian sign , grumbal ? 
   as you can see , granting autonomy to the hungarian minority is not as simple are you f * king kidding me ? 
  you need to change a paragraph in the constitution and change some county borders and that 's somehow not so simple ? 
  it 's just text and words , you could do it today if only you wanted . 
  the constitution is not the bible so you can never change it , and neither are county borders . 
  i bet you changed the constitution when ceausescu was overthrown , right ? 
  how was that possible if it 's so difficult ? 
  what you are basically saying is that you wo n't grant the wishes of a population because you were assholes in the past and wrote some shit in the constitution to prevent them from gaining autonomy . 
  i think it 's time to fix the errors you did in the past . 
  do n't give me that shit about how it 's difficult ... 
  how do i make it sound like that ? 
  did i say the hungarians are forced to sit in the back of the bus ? 
  no , i said they are demanding that an autonomous region should be established , just like we already have for the catalans in spain , the austrians in italy ... 
  temerin is a village with 13000 inhabitants , svinjarevo is a village with 213 inhabitants . 
  clearly temerin can be its own region . 
  serb immigrant children in sweden learn subjects in their own language despite making like 0,1 % of the population and not being native there . 
  they also fail to learn swedish ( [ link ] ( http://srii.org/content/upload/documents/66f9f6e9-c2d7-47ab-8b37-c37c6fb1471a.pdf ) pages 76 - ) do you think the swedes force them to learn swedish because `` this is sweden bozo !!! '', 
  i agree , i 'm sure there are people smarter than me who can determine what a region is . 
  i personally consider economic regions to be regions , since you 're the most likely to have to do business with the people there . 
  that 's not an argument ... from a human rights perspective , which we are taking here , why is it ok for one child to have to learn 1 extra subject just because of his ethnicity ? 
  if you were to have a truly equal society , then * everyone * would have to learn the dominant languages in the region . 
  meaning , your village is 50/50 chinese/arab , you learn both languages or else fuck off . 
  you 're misinterpreted me . 
  i did n't say we should kill each other because of the things our grandfathers did to each other . 
  i said that i personally , feel that it 's unfair that the crimes that happened to my family are claimed to have not happened , but even if it did then we deserved it . 
  and here 's your chance to tell us why is that so ... 
  why is it relevant how many hungarians under 20 ca n't speak romanian ? 
  i did n't read the text but are you refering to graphs 9 and 10 ? 
  it seems natural to me that people would rather accept a cleaning lady of a hungarian origin than not ... simply because of the language issue . 
  same goes for the colleague , most hungarians do n't speak english , why would they want a colleague with whom they ca n't communicate normally ? 
  i mean , * i * would rather accept a cleaning lady with whom i can speak to in any language that i 'm fluent in , than an arab that does n't know my language . 
  or am i misinterpreting this ? 
  like i said , i have n't yet read the whole text ... 
  you have n't answered my question 2 . 
  how many romanian ethnics under 20 speak hungarian ? 
   this is why i do n't like people like you . 
  you do n't see further down than your own street . 
  fine , what solution do you propose ? 
  you are aware that there is a problem , right ? 
  you 're putting me in a position where i look like a holocause denier which is not true . 
  i 've nothing against jews , i never even met one in my life . 
  the fact that 6 million jews were murdered is a horrible thing but personally for me , the fact that members of my family were murdered by serb `` partisans '' and that this crime is denied even today feels much more painful than a statistic you 're throwing around here . 
  when i said that the holocaust is remembered because there is a powerful state behind them i did n't mean israel , i meant the us , germany , israel , and many other countries which , for one reason or another , support the rememberance of this event through various means , for example through exhibitions , tv shows , books etc. 
  it 's good that they 're doing this , for example one of the comic books that affected me the most in my life is art spiegelman 's book about his father . 
  the fact is that he was able to create this beautiful and horrific work of art because he was financed by cultural centers that had the interest to finance works that dealt with the holocaust . 
  works of art shape public conscience , the public forces the government to educate their children more about the holocaust , and then you have what you mentioned , that people in western europe are aware of the crimes because they were lectured about them in school . 
  a month ago a book was published called `` slaughter in bezdan '' ( [ here 's a link , but it 's in hungarian ] ( http://keskenyut.hu/page/234/art/783/akt/1/html/a-bezdani-verengzes-1944.html ) ) , which dealt with the mass murder committed against the hungarians by the partisans in 1945 . 
  the book was financed through money collected through donations by the local community . 
  they did n't get any support from guggenheim , or simon wisenthal , or any embassies . 
  the book was published in only 500 copies and i know about it only because i have relatives that died in that massacre . 
  it will also likely never get translated to any other language . 
  public conscience will never change regarding the hungarians in that region , the children will continue to learn that hungarians were evil bloodthirsty fascists and they deserved everything that happened to them . 
  and what happened to them ? 
  `` nothing '' . 
   would you like brussels to force romania to give the szeklers autonomy ? 
  i want brussels to force romania to hold a referendum in the area of the proposed autonomic region and if the referendum results say that the region should be established , then it should be established . 
  and also force slovakia to respect basic human rights and stop tearing down hungarian signs . 
  it 's a victim issue . 
  hungarians have lost territories to * all * of their neighbors and * all * of the hungarians living in those territories were opressed at some point , some as recently as 10 years ago . 
  some of those opressed have relatives in hungary or they went over to hungary and have told everyone the experience they had . 
  those who heard of these experiences developed a hatered towards the people that opressed their `` countrymen '' ( for lack of a better expression ) . 
  to take romania for instance , they only have two targets for nationalist hatered : the hungarians and the russians ( or ukrainans ? ), 
  the slovaks only have the hungarians to focus on . 
  i 've also read a report some 5 years ago , some old slovak lady living in the south asked to be burried in the north of the country , because she was afraid the hungarians would come back and dig her out of her grave . 
  she was n't afraid of the polish or czechs doing that ... 
  so anyway , you ask a romanian if he would live next to a hungarian , and 30 % will say no . 
  you ask him if he would live next to a slovak and he 'll say 10 % no . 
  you ask a hungarian about romanians , slovaks , serbs , and there will be a 30 % no factor . 
  but there will be a 10 % no if you ask them about kazakhs or french . 
   you wo n't hear merkel talking about the alsace that 's not the same analogy . 
  you * will * hear austrians talk about south tirol . 
  and south tirol has been granted autonomy by the italians . 
  which is something hungary 's neighbors are n't willing to do for the hungarians . 
  they burned a hungarian flag like a month ago ... 
  it 's also illegal to deny the holocaust in hungary . 
  some guy was recently sentenced to visiting auschwitz and writing about his experience to psychologists . 
  minorities in hungary : roma , jews minorities in romania : roma , hungarians minorities in serbia : roma , hungarians minorities in slovakia : roma , hungarians now if we use the following template , it will be true : targets of hate speech in country x : minorities in x i 'm saying that the motives for the hungarian anti-semites are exactly the same as the movites of romanian nationalists , except that in the case of romanians , there are n't many jews around so they bash hungarians . 
  so it 's not anti-semitism and is automatically not as bad in the eyes of the world . 
  no one gives a shit about hungarian bashing , since they do n't have a strong/economically powerful state to stand behind them . 
  just a few days in novi sad there was a ceremony to remember the jews and serbs murdered in 1944 , when that city was under hungarian rule .
