  the us electoral system is different from the hungarian , so your comparison makes no sense . 
  just because a no-name insignificant party tried to make a referendum about something you ca n't , does n't mean we have no democracy . 
  does n't matter how small a party is . 
  technically , i myself should be able to start a referendum . 
  the court should only ensure that the question is valid , and then let me try and collect the 100 thousand signatures . 
  * that 's all the court is supposed to do . 
  * currently , it effectively blocks every question that does n't suit the party . 
   what 's your point ? 
  they opposed the referendum with tooth and nails , and when it became inevitable they pulled the plug and denied the people its voice . 
   as if you heard soros in 2017 , do n't kid yourself . 
  that sentence makes no sense . 
   merkel had a meeting with putin too , is she a puppet too ? 
  read the comment i was replying to . 
  op was saying soros met with some eu guy which means the guy is soros ' puppet . 
  i satirized the same with putin and orban . 
   it 's not a bad idea to keep russia close to ourselves too , in case in the future things go south with europe , tell me 1 instance in the last 1000 years when it was good to keep russia close ? 
   a , unlike you , most of the people would cut their arms off before voting for a `` western '' liberal . 
  you do n't know what most people would do . 
   nobody cares about your humanitarian stuff do * you * care if people are treated like animals by the hungarian government in hungary ? 
   b , the parents . 
  wrong . 
  the law says it will be the government 's fault . 
  try putting up an electric fence yourself and see what happens when you fry someone . 
   as long we are industrially a colony of germany you really should reevaluate how important we are . 
  hungary is an insignificant little shithole with less than 10 million people , and a drain on the eu economy . 
   even though the hungarian people are against it proof ? 
  last i checked , the referendum failed because not enough people were interested in the issue . 
  andy vajna bought tv2 with credits from the state owned bank . 
  so the state did n't buy it directly , but they bought it . 
  same with origo . 
   well all of these comments coming from other european countries proove only one thing . 
  you get your news from the left-liberal media and do n't even try to be more objective . 
    so hungary 's current government was elected 3 years and 7 years ago and the people gave them 2/3 majority in the parliament . 
  this is democracy , not a dictatorship , as someone might hint . 
  you know very well that this is false . 
  prior to the elections in 2014 , the governing fidesz party changed the election rules and the election districts . 
  so in 2010 , when fidesz won 2/3 majority , they also received 2,7 million votes . 
  4 years later , in 2014 , they only received 2,1 million votes , and still received the same percentage of mandates in the parliament . 
  [ election results 2010 ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010-es_magyarorsz%c3%a1gi_orsz%c3%a1ggy%c5%b1l%c3%a9si_v%c3%a1laszt%c3%a1s#list.c3.a1s_eredm.c3.a9nyek ) [ election results 2014 ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014-es_magyarorsz%c3%a1gi_orsz%c3%a1ggy%c5%b1l%c3%a9si_v%c3%a1laszt%c3%a1s#eredm.c3.a9nyek ) so no , it 's not a democracy . 
  fidesz used its first mandate to change the voting rules in order to win in the upcoming elections . 
  and currently it 's using its power to win the elections in 2018 . 
   on major issues the current political party holds a consultation with all citizens who can decide to share their opinion or not . 
  major issues like : * closing supermakets on sunday * holding olympics in budapest * limiting the number of terms of prime ministers to max 2 terms those were all questions submitted to the constitutional court . 
  fidesz did everything it could to prevent the vote from happening , and when it finally did , they just gave in without consulting the people at all . 
  for example , they did n't want to hold a referendum on the olympics . 
  when enough people signed so that they had to have the referendum , they just cancelled the whole olympics thing . 
  now we will never know if the majority wanted it or not . 
  and all the money that was spent in the 4 years before that , for the olympics ... all wasted . 
  as for the current `` consultation '' letters , those are all obviously loaded questions . 
  what if i say this : `` the eu wants to kill your family . 
  do you think this is a good idea ? '', 
  * a ) yes , i want my family to die . 
  * b ) no , we must not sacrifice our children to the eu . 
  do you see any problems with this sort of `` consultation '' ? 
  because if you say you do n't , you are lying . 
   orban and his party is blaming soros for this in hungary this year they are blaming soros . 
  last year they were blaming the immigrants . 
  and before that , it was the imf , the eu , random political opponents ... do n't you feel stressed out knowing that all the time there is someone who wants to destroy us ? 
  why are n't there any enemies in austria , or france , or finland ? 
  why is hungary so significant that somehow , evil forces from the shadow want to destroy it and fidesz and orban viktor are the only ones who can stop them ? 
   of course they are , and you might be sceptical , but well not so long ago soros came to visit mr. junker and they had a meeting beind closed doors . 
  noone even knows about what they had talked about . 
  but it really implies that soros is really pulling the strings behind the curtains . 
  orban had a meeting with putin yesterday . 
  no one knows what they talked about , but it implies that putin is really pulling the strings behind the curtains . 
  we can play this shit game for as long as you like . 
  it wo n't change the fact that orban is stealing money and as soon as he and his gangsters lose power they will need to run to russia like many other failed dictators , or else they will go to jail . 
   some leftist hungarian people just say whatever they want to make orban and his party look bad . 
  so the latest statistics show that the hungarian economy is in great shape , and the numbers are better that they have predicted ... by coincidence , the numbers are better than predicted in slovakia , romania etc. 
  do you think it 's some miracle that orban did why is hungary doing good ? 
  or maybe it 's just an overall regional thing . 
  hungary 's economy is so small , it does n't matter who does what , if germany 's economy slows down then so will everyone else 's . 
  when in 2011 the eu 's economy was doing badly , hungary also had a recession ( which was worse than in other countries in the region ) . 
   yeah the left says that they ruin the country , but the numbers , the facts say otherwise . 
  so this is the hungarian left . 
  are you making more money ? 
  there is no constructive opposition in hungarian politics . 
  they act like little children who shout stuff at eachoter because they ca n't ride the carousel . 
  the opposition should change , not only in its communication but in their motives aswell . 
  in this video , a reporter tries to ask minister rogan antal a few questions : http://index.hu/video/2017/05/17/rogan_antal_index_interju_bohozat/ is that how an elected official should behave ? 
  play hide and seek ? 
  you know , he is receiving his paycheck from my pocket . 
  if some reporter wants to ask him questions , he better fucking do his job and answer them . 
   as for this article 7 . 
  they attack hungary because he protects the eu borders , does n't want to allow the mass flow of migrants to europe again . 
  wrong . 
  they attack hungary because hungary treats migrants ( = human beings ) , like animals . 
  they are locked in concentration camps . 
  you can not treat people like that , this is not saudi arabia . 
  the eu agrees that hungary should defend its borders . 
  it does n't agree with how those people who are already inside hungary 's territory are treated . 
   but checks every single one of them who legally wants to cross the border to the eu . 
  what happens when a child touches the electric fence on the border ? 
  who is responsible for the murder of that child ? 
  it is one thing when you want to deter immigrants . 
  it 's a different matter when you 're acting like mordor in doing so . 
   every single member state should decide for itself if they want to accept them or not . 
  the eu decided that every member state should take its share of refugees . 
  germany took more than 1 million . 
  hungary needs to take 1 thousand .
