exactly . 
  some corrupt politicians getting arrested or some ngos being harassed does n't affect my life , but an internet tax definitely does . 
  but why did you name pencil a `` small pencil '' ? 
  the slovak word is so cute , 
  the hooligans have been identified and arrested : http://www.origo.hu/itthon/20141027-elfogta-a-rendorseg-a-fidesz-szekhaz-tamadoit.html, 
  russia is richer than hungary . 
  slovakia is richer than czechia . 
  how the world has changed ... 
   and , by looking on people who have menial experience on their cv favourably , the problem is you 're giving them preference over people who have not mentioned menial work in their cvs . 
  i think most people applying for an accountant job will not mention their summer of picking oranges on a farm , since it has nothing to do with the job they 're applying for . 
  in my opinion if someone feels the need to mention every shitty job he did in his life , it means he does n't have much to offer so he compensates with quantity over quality . 
   i know menial work builds character because i have done it . 
  so did i. 
  it does n't build character , in fact most people end up being losers in life . 
  anyone with half a brain should try and get out of a situation where he has to lift a shovel . 
  or for women , they should avoid being housecleaners . 
  i 've seen what it does to character and it 's pathetic . 
   as for stuff like unstable character , i find that out in the interview process . 
  as for people from pakistan , i would much rather hire someone from pakistan to work for me rather than some of the entitled brits on here , who do n't know how to work or just do n't want to . 
  no comment . 
   i always prefer the cv of someone who has had menial work on their cv than someone who has n't as i know it is character building . 
  this is why people hate recruiters . 
  how do you know it builds character ? 
  what if the reason why they did menial work was because they were lazy when left without supervision , or have an unstable character , or they could n't keep a steady job which requires concentration ? 
  your statement is like saying you prefer people from pakistan since they have a hard life and that builds character , nevermind their shitty school system . 
  if you 're not in a hurry you can just buy stuff on ebay ( compare prices on the uk/de/fr / es websites to find the best deal ) and then wait a week or two for it to arrive . 
  one irony which i do n't understand is why are english channels dubbed , but german , french or spanish are not ?? 
  i speak english and hate dubbing , so i would very much like to listen to the shows in the original language , but i ca n't because in most cases that option does not exist . 
  on the other hand , german , french and spanish channels are not dubbed , and i do n't speak those languages , so wtf is happening in the heads of these people who make up these rules ? 
  as a hungarian from serbia i speak good english and it 's embarassing to listen to hungarians from hungary try and talk english . 
  even most people who have finished university speak worse than my friends who 've only finished elementary school . 
  and i do n't even want to talk about the accent , oh god ... 
  i think it 's definitely the dubbing which should be blamed for this . 
  i 've heard arguments that hungarian is too different from english , that it 's difficult to learn , it 's just not true . 
  i literally do n't know any hungarian from serbia who does n't speak good english . 
   exactly . 
  its up to hungary to decide if its worth it to them . 
  norway can set their own conditions under which they will send money . 
  hungary has decided when it signed the agreement with norway . 
  if it does n't like the agreement , it can go ahead and cancel it . 
  that 's the proper way to do it . 
  not raiding the organization which , as was explicitly agreed with in the contract , is in charge of distributing the money to ngos . 
   guess they were so transparent this had to happen : `` fifty-eight ngos were called into question and ordered to ** hand over documents related to the projects . 
  '' ** the government agency which demanded those documents is called kehi ( government agency for controlling ( checking ? ) ) . 
  according to the law ( found [ here ] ( http://jogszabalykereso.mhk.hu/cgi_bin/njt_doc.cgi?docid=143486.584979&amp;celpara=63#xcel ) in hungarian ) its main responsibility is controlling the grants received from the eu etc , as well as controling organizations which are owned , partly owned , or established by the government , and also organizations which have received some sort of help from the government . 
  in other words , it has no jurisdiction over ngos not linked to the government in any way . 
  had those ngos received their grants through the agency , then it would be a different matter . 
  however , they received their grants directly from norway . 
  in accordance with this , one of those ngos refused to supply the requested documents saying the agency can not request them . 
  ** the document they requested btw . 
  is found on their website ** , so you just need to have basic internet capability to found out where they are getting their money from . 
  it 's not actually true . 
  most ( if not all ) of the ngos publish their financial statement on their website , however it is none of the government 's business what they spend their money on . 
  some of the affected ngos have names like `` alliance of lesbians '' , `` roma council '' , `` society against patriarchy '' and `` transparency international '' so i doubt they support al qaeda . 
  if they support political opposition groups it 's only because those groups support their goals , and the government does n't . 
  most of the affected organizations are financed through grants , but some of them you can support yourself through donations : http://tasz.hu/en/supportus http://k-monitor.hu/other/donate http://patent.org.hu/component/k2/item/100-tmogasson-minket, 
   but a lot of them were transylvanians , and other `` people who do n't live in hungary , do n't pay hungarian taxes , yet have hungarian citizenship given by fidesz oh you poor guy , you and your pureblooded friends are being opressed by the dirty `` transylvanians '' . 
  perhaps the government should spend more money on hungarians who get free education and then move to the uk and germany to make their economy better, 
   now whenever there is a riot , they just do n't care . 
  when was there a riot ? 
  i mean if people are so upset as you say then there * has to * be some protest , right ? 
  the eggenberg brewery is also in the city , it 's well worth a visit, 
  [ it has been noticed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guns,_germs,_and_steel ) from fossil records that north america had large mammals up until 10.000 bc , when humans first appeared on the continent . 
  then in the next 2000 years they were all wiped out ( only the llama survived ) . 
  since the native americans did n't have large animals like horses or cows , they never discovered a way to plow the land with animal power , which meant they never discovered the wheel , which meant slower communication and spreading of technology , which ultimately lead to the aztecs and inca being on the development level of the sumerians back when the spanish arrived . 
  tl ; dr ; humans were destroying the fauna long before the europeans arrived . 
  roman gladiators ate a shitload of beans for their high protein value . 
  is that in eel years or human years ? 
  on the other side of the world ... [ laos-thailand friendship bridge ] ( http://hotdayforwhiskey.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/1-laos-friendship-bridge-border-.jpg ), 
   having kids is n't a `` duty to society '' , it 's a choice . 
  you will have to quote me where i 've said it 's a duty to society . 
  you and others who 've downvoted me are obviously reading something that is n't there , but you 're expecting it to be there . 
  as much as i have to disappoint you , i do not think women are baby machines . 
  let me quote myself from the other reply :  i said that , once they decide to have kids , they are going to have a shitty few months and endure considerable physical pain . 
  society accepts this as normal . 
  since men do n't have to go through this , they are expected to contribute in some other way . 
  chill out nigga , take some valium or something  i 've no idea where you 've learned manners but that is not how you talk to people . 
  you either have n't read what i wrote , or you 're deliberately reading it wrong . 
  i did not say women have a duty to make kids . 
  i said that , once they decide to have kids , they are going to have a shitty few months and endure considerable physical pain . 
  society accepts this as normal . 
  since men do n't have to go through this , they are expected to contribute in some other way . 
  this was an interesting discussion , but i agree with ama_deo . 
  countries like hungary have come out from communism with people used to social security and do n't want to give that up . 
  at the same time , the economy is struggling because of too much social security ( although that is not the * only * reason why it 's struggling ) . 
  what orban in his speech said was that simply , if you look at the world today , the developing countries are authoritarian and are making better progress than the developed countries . 
  he wants hungary to develop just as fast ( economically ) , so he proposes a nation state based on the principles of countries like russia and china . 
  those countries can take away social security in exchange for better economic throughput . 
  although that sounds horribly if you think about the freedoms we would lose , what other alternatives are for the economy to pick up pace ? 
  with current growth it would take over 50 years to catch up to western europe . 
  edit : it 's not about `` we do n't want to wait for 50 years '' but actually a matter of survival . 
  with the current pace hungary will have no doctors left in 10-15 years , they will all move to germany . 
  most of the smartest , most talented people are moving abroad because they get better salaries , and the eu is not even discussing this issue ( it 's even worse in romania i hear ) . 
  so if all the best people leave , there wo n't be any catching up in 50 years either , eastern europe will remain poor forever . 
  women ( those who choose to get pregnant ) are expected to endure physical pain in order for society to survive . 
  men should similarly be expected to contribute to society , for example by defending it against outside invaders . 
  it 's about equal participation , i 'm not sure why you 're getting so mad about this . 
  so men are discriminated by not being allowed to get pregnant is that it ? 
   in the end , only countries that display their subjects ' willingness to kill and die for their preservation are preserved there 's a quote which i ca n't remember now . 
  it goes like : `` imagine a world with no borders , no wars , no armies , living in peace and harmony .
