  that is more than fair when it comes to sharing the common burden . 
  the thing here is with solidarity . 
  if hungary is acting like a spoiled child who does n't want to play with others unless others play by hungary 's rule , then it 's normal the other `` kids '' will eventually kick hungary out of the group . 
  the question here is why is hungary in the eu group at all , when clearly it 's trying to make friends with bastions of democracy like russia , byelorussia , turkey , china , azerbaijan , kazakhstan etc. .  and i think brussels really needs to open its eyes and listen to the people . 
  looks like it finally has . 
  and orban will soon find out that being too arrogant is not so good for political career . 
  they needed 2 hours to receive the official news variant from the party . 
  either orban is fucked now , or the eu proves its impotence again and does n't go beyond this strongly worded letter . 
  also interestingly , none of the state & other propaganda news outlets talk about this news yet ... 
  is n't the latest news that he and putin hate each other ? 
  the problem is eu funds distort the home market of the country which receives the aid . 
  even before the whole funding deal started , you had people warning that it will kill innovation because money will be given to people and companies with good connections to the ruling party , and these people will be able to survive financially even if their product/service is of low quality . 
  highly innovative individuals in turn go to western europe or the us , where they can actually make something of themselves . 
  that 's how the government washes money . 
  the eu gives money to random state companies for developing x , said company instead invests money into ad company , ad company happens to be owned by orban 's friend . 
  you do n't think ads cost that much ? 
  last year the government spent more money on its anti-immigrant campaign than what britain spent on its brexit campaign . 
  the anti-eu ads are just the most visible stuff , you also have multi-million euro ads presenting the ( take deep breath ) * new logo * of the state electric company . 
  this diplomatic insult gives a casus belli to norway . 
  however , orban is smart , he knows norway ca n't dow without breaking the alliance first . 
  tl ; dr ; we 're doomed, 
  the green area 's gdp is also equal to russia 's . 
  czech republic has the same gdp as kazakhstan . 
  if you were going for the widest possible area , you should 've gone further east . 
  spar means `` pine tree '' in dutch , i think ( hence the logo ) . 
  it has nothing to do with saving money . 
  that 's the sort of greek music i like . 
  greece is probably awful for people that do n't like that music . 
  i 'd vote for her . 
  she 's smiling , which is enough for me . 
  the ruling fidesz party already made a one-sentence statement which i ca n't translate 1-1 to english , but basically it says the eu 's threat is a pussy fart . 
  an intergalactic gateway that transcends space-time to bring the person who crosses it 2 meters ahead . 
  koppernikus mikl\u00f3s , miki to his friends . 
  he was macedonian . 
  paris is sucking out all the gdp-force from every surrounding region . 
  ministry of truth building . 
  no women in the crowd . 
  if promoting sex toy diversity is not illegal then it 's my right to spend my money on it , and it 's also my basic human right to keep it private if i want it to . 
  if the government or anyone wants to publish my name on some list , it needs to obtain my permission first . 
  same reason why it 's illegal to publish photos of strangers without them signing a release form first , or why companies ca n't sell your email address to advertisers without you clicking the little checkbox at the bottom of the signup form . 
  the problem is , if i give 7.2 million huf to the civil union promoting sex toy diversity , then maybe i do n't want my name to appear on some government list . 
  it 's no one elses business bit mine and the ngo 's which is why i think the law violates my basic human rights . 
  i also finance ngos from abroad , so it targets me too . 
  working for the eu gives you prestige and a very decent salary , which means that someone with no professional experience will find it hard to compete against people with 10-20 years of experience . 
  you can still try , though . 
   this , for example , is war profiteering in 2012 ? 
  also , i 've read that article expecting to read about some crimes that albright or albright 's firm committed , and did n't find anything . 
  i feel cheated . 
  here 's a downvote for wasting my time . 
  they were shouting `` krvava baba '' to her , that 's harassment plain and simple . 
  do n't make excuses for the crowd . 
  i do n't see why other countries ca n't implement internet voting ? 
  if estonia can do it then larger countries should do it as well . 
  i 'm sure estonia has the same % of technically retarded people as germany and france , so those people should go out and vote at polling stations , but let 's spare the rest of us the trouble of wasting a sunday afternoon . 
  maybe the crowd should n't have thrown insults at her so violently ? 
  i 've seen the video , they were harassing her and calling her names for 5 minutes before she reacted with the now `` scandalous '' remark . 
  this map is bullshit . 
  slovenia more emotional than the rest of ex-yu ? 
  this is so not-interesting . 
  why should the eu have a common foreign policy with regards to israel/palestine ? 
  no one gives a shit about that insignificant , boring little hellhole , they can go and kill each other and it wo n't make a difference for europe . 
  it 's much more important to have a common economic policy to face up against the us , russia and china . 
  i 'm in that patch of sunlight in eastern europe . 
  not that it matters since every day feels the same in our air-conditioned office . 
  i agree with his final comment about history repeating itself as farce . 
  the catalan independence movement is viewed as a joke by everyone except the central spanish government , while the scottish independence movement is laughed at even by the british government . 
  the reason why they want to be independent is truly outdated , 19th century nationalism , and you may expect something like this to happen in less developed countries but then western europe is supposed to be a positive model of what others should aspire too . 
  it obviously is not a good model if it takes outdated methods to fix modern problems . 
  i believe it was on the latest hardcore history episode where dan carlin said that states fail when they stop being able to come up with a solution to a problem , or when they take an outdated solution to a new problem . 
  democracy is supposedly superior to other forms of government since it 's constantly `` in crisis '' and as such is `` trained '' in dealing with emerging issues . 
  to turn that back , if catalonia gains independence after today 's vote , it will prove that itself is a failed state . 
  come to eu , we need skilled workers !, 
  but you will always be talked about as `` the foreigner '' . 
  your children will be `` second generation immigrants '' . 
  when you or someone in your family becomes unemployed , you 'll become immigrant parasites , even if the taxes paid by your above-average salary have supported many native unemployed people . 
  europe is not a kind place to immigrants , be they skilled or unskilled . 
  even if a higher quality of life is provided , an immigrant will never be part of the club of natives . 
  in this regards the us is much better . 
  people wo n't care where you 're from as long as you 're trying to blend in . 
  italy is especially known for its cruel treatment of immigrants . 
  italian laws have legalized a kind of slave labour that no one seems to get excited about , since the victims are always just immigrants ( who should damn go home if they do n't like it ) . 
   there were next to no people of serbian decent living in slovenia around 10 % of slovenia is of serbian and bosnian descent . 
  after 1991 there was a campaign of people changing their last names so they would sound more slovene , because otherwise they would be subject to attrocities . 
  thousands of serbs left slovenia after it proclaimed independence . 
  of course , slovenia is small and the fighting lasted very shortly , so there were no attrocities of the same scale as in croatia or bosnia . 
  maybe reddit should pay us for posting links to news articles ? 
  [ krokodil ] ( http://gizmodo.com/5945714/krokodil-tears-the-craziest-drug-youve-never-heard-of ), 
   simply put , stop the bullshit . 
  with that kind of entry , what kind of response do you expect ? 
  fuck you , asshole . 
   when someone receives an `` extra '' pay in summer and december , the gross salary is divided into 14 salaries . 
  not true . 
  i received a 13th salary and it was not included in my gross yearly salary ( as specified by my contract ) . 
  you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i do n't feel the need to address the remainder of your silly post . 
  almost everyone in my family is a public worker so i know exactly what i 'm talking about . 
   like . . a union ? 
  no , like building your own organization in a way that workers do n't have to resort to unions but instead can solve their problems through internal means , ie . 
  talking to their boss . 
  private companies are often very good at this , i wonder what 's preventing public companies from developing similar mechanisms .
