  it was under the support of the simon wisenthal center , the ambassador of israel also attens it every year ... 
  in 1945 , tens of thousands of hungarians were murdered in and around novi sad . 
  no one remembers that . 
  there are no monuments for it . 
  in fact , the monuments that people try and build out of their own money are getting trashed . 
  the attrocities are not mentioned in the schoolbooks , while those that happened against the jews and serbs are . 
  in slovakia you ca n't put up signs in hungarian language because the authorities will take them down . 
  in romania there 's no support for autonomy even if the minorities want them . 
  no one gives a shit about any of these issues because the victims are not celebrities like the jews or gypsies , it 's difficult to gain political points in the eu or the world if you take up the cause of some people that are apparently hungry or whatever funny name they have . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magyar_narancs  is a weekly ** liberal ** magazine  it has a great effect on the hungarian liberal-libertarian intellectual society sounds like a reliable newspaper that would n't possibly have any reason to fabricate data against the current conservative government . 
   but anti-semitism is definitively more open and marked here than anywhere else i 've been you have n't been around then . 
  have you been to the neighboring countries ? 
  do you speak the neighboring languages and read their newspapers ? 
  if not then you 're not really a good source for telling whether hungary is more racist than others . 
   great . 
  bank run ... that will finish us 100 % . 
  not really because most of the money in banks is n't from the people but from companies . 
  there has been a recent article showing that the amount of money in slovenian banks is shrinking , and within that , the percentage of money from companies is shrinking . 
  which means the companies are already pulling out their money . 
  the people should act quickly and withdraw their money before it 's too late . 
  of course i think that , if a haircut does happen , it will happen in nlb and perhaps a few other banks . 
  not in foreign banks such as sparkasse . 
  so you do n't need to withdraw your money and never use banks again , just do n't use banks that are in majority government hands . 
   the politicians stopped i love it how the slovenians never take responsibility for their own actions and it 's always some shadowy `` leaders '' and `` politicians '' who are to blame for all troubles . 
  do n't you have democratic elections ? 
  if yes then why elect the wrong people ? 
  jam eating contest, 
  further videos are available at this page : http://index.hu/belfold/2013/05/01/mar_majus_elseje_sem_a_regi/ the videos are : 1919 , 1945 , 1957 , 1965 , 1972 , 1973, 
  yeah but i as a hungarian can tell you that google is wrong and it 's capitalized az eur\u00d3 ... in hungarian it 's not possible to have an o at the end of the word and it not having an accent . 
  also , in latvian it 's eiro , in lithuanian it 's euras , in maltese it 's ewro , why are all these languages excluded when clearly `` euro '' is not correct in their languages ? 
  huffington post is a liberal newspaper that likes to spin the truth when they do n't like it . 
  just like spiegel . 
  except that i hope they do it better . 
  i hope huffington post makes the spiegel go bankrupt and its `` journalists '' are forced to go back to the aliens-are-among-us tabloids they were working at before . 
  i do n't see why we 're including the greek and bulgarian script in the euro , i think that 's really retarded . 
  next thing you 'll know we 'll have euro written in all 28 + official languages . 
  also , the greek and bulgarian script may be somewhat different from latin , but there are languages that use the extended latin script , for example write it like eur\u00f3 , maybe they should be included on that note as well since just euro is obviously incorrect . 
  just use one single word for the euro for the one single currency . 
  hungary : * hungarian billionaire 's bones are found in thailand buried under concrete , people now suspect him of being in the mafia * nice weather , probably because of this nothing else really happened, 
  more , more !, 
  turkey is a rich country surrounded by poor countries . 
  i guess when ordinary people look at the eu , they see greece , bulgaria and cyprus and think `` no thanks '' . 
  too bad the eu is n't more supportive in getting turkey to join . 
   staline was n't the kind of man to hand back any form of territories ( or anything really ) , and short of being assassinated he would never had handed those back . 
  he did give back austria and trieste , and parts of denmark . 
  -21 points according to res , 
  did you know that genghis khan established trade routes between countries that never had contact before that time ? 
  helped technology spread , for example gunpowder to europe . 
  he also established peace in his domain which prior to that was full of kingdoms fighting each other . 
  yes he was an evil genocidal maniac , but i would n't say he was any worse than alexander or hitler . 
  he was handed over the best army the world had at that moment , he did n't have to put in any effort in creating and training it . 
  no wonder he conquered so much so young . 
  his empire was founded on genocide and it fell apart like 5 seconds after he died . 
  not really sure what 's so admirable about that . 
  awesome !, 
  i might get one of those just to have it . 
  like gauss on the old deutschmark . 
  does germany have ratings for its movies or are they allowing porn for 6 year olds since `` they 'll find out anyway sooner or later '' ? 
  i think it 's retarded that they would show this book to kids . 
  childhood is supposed to be magical and mysterious , this is why we have santa claus and the easter bunny . 
  i do n't see anything positive about kids learning how to put a condom on an erect penis . 
  next thing you 'll know they 'll promote fucking in front of the kids . 
  i 'm not sure what that is but it 's not the deficit . 
  canada also does n't have it on its list of wanted occupations - but does have chefs , electricians and managers . 
  that makes canada 's immigration program suck imho . 
   poor ability of countries to regulate and follow even simple rules on budgetary discipline what makes me a bit eurosceptic is that hungary maintained very tight fiscal discipline in the past 3 years in order to get out of the excessive deficit procedure , the forecast is that there will be under-3 % deficits in the next two years and that it might be structural in nature , and still we have assholes complaining how hungary should be punished for some political reasons and kept under the procedure longer . 
  when your rules work differently for different countries then do n't complain when countries do n't follow them . 
  but the reality is laws are n't enforced in a `` brutal '' way as you probably imagine them . 
  every day when i go to work i see homeless people sleeping on the street , under the bridge , in the tram ( taking up two seats ) etc. 
  clearly they would be arrested and moved to homeless shelters had the police strictly enforced the law . 
  edit : whoever downvoted me please explain why, 
  good news . 
   sorry for the typos , wrote it in the bus on my phone . 
  holy shit !, 
  good news in hungary , the annual deficit was not 2 % but 1.9 % also there was an earthquake today morning , i have n't felt it though ... 
  i have n't been really following the news this week tbh , but what 's interesting is that penny market had an action on beer this week , only 189 forints ( ~ 60 cents ) for a can . 
  and not for the shitty beer mind you . 
  wait , he went to prison and * then * had rectal hemorrhage ... or it happened before that ? 
  awesome !, 
  i picked a random tiny village and even it was mapped !, 
  looks like they made the pictures in november when everything looks depressive and gray :(, 
  anyway , serbia is more expensive than hungary . 
  i 'm a programmer and i remember that in 2007 the it sector grew 27 % in that year alone ( and the entire economy had something like a 7 % growth ) . 
  a large serbian it company bought the largest slovenian software company , it seemed like things were going great despite the ruling coalition being made of incompetent nationalist assholes . 
  for a while my friends were discussing that perhaps it was a wrong decision that we left serbia . 
  then in late 2008-2009 we were proven right once again . 
  my salary has more than doubled in the meantime , the friends that stayed in serbia today earn less than they did before and they work 12 hours a day , saturdays , christmas etc. 
  also , food prices are higher in serbia than in neighboring countries . 
  the statistic is according to the hairdresser 's association and it does n't necessarily mean cutting your hair . 
  i do n't know what women do but i think they just wash their hair . 
  i do n't understand why is it georgia in english , and not gruzia like in every other language . 
  i was just thinking of proposing we get a vojvodina flag on reddit . 
  if bavaria can have it then vojvodina should too . 
  i thought engineers have great salaries in the netherlands . 
  how else can you have such a large it sector ? 
  you guys need more people like / u/nemanyami to show the true picture of serbia  ) i wonder if he 's from mladenovac ... ? 
  just last week someone posted a quote from the meeting in novi sad : `` we 're here to stop the hungarian ustashe from forcing toma to sell kosovo '' -- mile from mladenovac . 
  i 'm surprised you care , considering how those people are not czechs . 
  but you most likely do n't care , do you , nazi ? 
  is membership in the un a precondition to membership in the eu ?
