  then they started ww1 because some asshole from their inbred family was shot . 
  so if i was n't clear enough , i think it was a horrible 4 centuries , 
  i do n't justify it . 
  i said people that vote for jobbik do n't vote for it because it 's anti-semitic , at least that 's not the principal reason why they vote for them . 
  an examination of the last elections showed that the voters that voted for jobbik did n't come from disappointed fidesz voters , they came from the socialist camp !, 
  these are poor people who are often in contact with gipsies , they have a crushing mortgage on their house and they need to went out their anger on the gipsies , banks , international conglomerates , jews , americans , martians , etc. 
  they feel that the socialist party let them down , but also do n't want to vote for fidesz because that would mean betraying their old allegiance . 
  also , saying there 's growing anti-semitism because 20 % voted for a party that has made anti-semitic remarks is as stupid as saying 80 % of the population loves jews because they did n't vote jobbik . 
  fyi your `` normal '' parties are refusing to even talk about hungarian autonomy in romania so yes , i would say hungary is sinking down to the regional level . 
  oh right , this was in 2012 , i remember ...  economic affairs commissioner olli rehn said hungary was the sole country on the commission 's excessive deficit ` caution list ' and warned that cohesion funds could be frozen if budapest fails to trim its deficit . 
  / u/dragulasch posted an excellent article on this a few hours ago : http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/4913  additionally , a 500 million `` cohesion fund '' given to new members is about to be terminated because the deficit will exceed the mandated 3 % of the gdp . 
   that deficit might be a case that space allows to handle . 
  hungary 's went from 4.6 % in 2009 to 4.2 in ' 10 , and then it dropped to 3.6 , and will be 2.8 this year . 
  this year belgium will have 4.6 , denmark 4.5 , france 5.3 , ireland 8.6 , romania 3.7 , slovakia 4.9 , and the czechs 3.8 % . 
  spain scored in 2011 8.5 and is lobbying to be above 5 % this year . 
  none face public flogging . 
  the socialist government that ruled hungary between 2002-2010 * never * went below 3 % deficit . 
  when hungary entered the eu , a few months after that an over-deficit procedure was started against hungary which means less access to funds etc. 
  as soon as the new government took over in 2010 they started a program to push the deficit below 3 % and they did that successfully , and in 2013 , for the first time since hungary joined the eu , the over-deficit procedure was liften . 
  so what you have here is a socialist government that failed to do anything right for 8 years and the eu was ` ok ' with it . 
  and you have a center-right government which immediately starts to push the deficit down , succeeds in doing it , and the eu threatens to punish it because it _ believes _ the deficit will be above 3 % . 
  as history has proven it since , the eu was wrong , it was below 3 % . 
  nevermind all the economic damage and loss of investment hungary has suffered because olli rehn is a maoist son of a bitch that likes to threaten for no reason . 
  dw is of course a liberal magazine that never had a good thing to say about the orban government . 
  i do n't read the economist but wikipedia says they 're liberals as well . 
  not really sure what you 're trying to do here . 
  if you 're interested in facts on this subject go and search in this forum . 
  i 'm sure the keywords `` supreme court '' and `` hungary '' will yield you the results you 're looking for . 
  if you want to waste time discussing which magazine is liberal and which is n't then you 're making good progress . 
  explain what exactly ? 
  that the 3rd largest party has anti-semitic * traces * ? 
  it won 20 % of the votes , does that mean 20 % of the population is anti-semitic ? 
  jobbik is a far-right party , they are anti-eu , anti-gipsy , anti-jew , anti-romanian , anti-slovakian , anti-bank , anti-foreign-corporations , anti-immigrants , etc. 
  being anti-semitic is just one of their attributes , it 's not why people principally vote for them . 
  i do n't really understand what your question is . 
  i 'll just write this here and then wo n't care if people like / u/vernazza show up with a completely opposing view . 
  there is no anti-semitism . 
  no one cares if you 're a jew or not . 
  yes in some poor neighborhood you can see graffiti like `` dirty jews '' , but you can also see `` thief gipsies '' and other such things . 
  just like how you can see same things about arabs in amsterdam . 
  there are around 100 thousand jews living in the capital budapest , they have their own sinagogues , cemetaries etc. 
  they hold their own festivals , i think 3 weeks ago there was a large concert with bands from israel coming etc. 
  when people talk about anti-semitism they mostly mean stuff like diminishing the responsibility that hungary had in ww2 . 
  hungarians like to think that the deportation of 600 thousand jews to auschwitz was the work of germans , but in reality the hungarian police fully cooperated with the nazi occupators . 
  journalists are not being prosecuted . 
  there is a belief that journalists are supposed to write about whatever they like , freedom of press etc. 
  the reality is that they have a job that they have to do in order to get money , which they need for stuff like food and mortgage . 
  journalists have a wide array of newspapers to choose from where they may work . 
  in fact there are more left-leaning media than pro-government . 
  the most popular news site is index.hu and it 's leftist , then there 's also origo.hu etc. 
  journalists who feel they are liberals should try and get a job in these or similar places . 
  the problem is the majority of people in hungary do not share the view of these leftist media , so there 's a smaller audience , less money , less jobs ... like i said , the most popular news website is leftist , but most people do n't watch internet at work , they work in factories , shops or on the farm , so it 's only popular among office workers and students , the same group of people that visits reddit . 
  i used to read it for some time since it really does beat other news sites in quality and speed , but i got sick from their propaganda and moved over to origo.hu , which is a bit more balanced in my opinion . 
  since there 's less audience than in the rightist media , the liberal journalists must either choose to tone down their voice in exchange for making a living , or they may emigrate to london to wash dishes and complain about oppression in their home country . 
  nationalism was pretty low before compared to the neighboring countries . 
  hungary was the only country among all of its neighbors that did n't grant citizenship to all ethnic hungarians in the world , until 2010 . 
  i would rather say that nationalism went back to a `` normal '' level , the same where the other countries in the region are . 
  why ? 
  one reason for example is the slovak government in 2006-2010 which routinely opressed its ethnic hungarian minority and the socialist government at the time ( and also the eu ) did n't do anything about it , saying it 's another country 's internal matter . 
  this angered a lot of people . 
  and of course you have the usual reason of economic crisis which makes people angry . 
  why did people again vote for this government ? 
  there was basically a choice between them , and the socialists . 
  the socialists fucked up big time , they presented the same people that were in the despised 2006-2010 government , which already lost once hugely , and they of course lost again with a similar percentage . 
  so it was a choice between two evils . 
  what would you like to know ? 
   is n't one of the many criticisms of orb\u00e1n exactly that the independence of your constitutional court has been hollowed out [ 1 ] ? 
  well no , that article is actually incorrect , but i wo n't go into the details . 
  back when that issue was actual there was discussion on this forum and i spent enough time on it . 
  you may search for it if you 're interested . 
  also , spiegel is a shitty leftist media . 
  i do n't call myself an engineer but wikipedia says  an engineer is a professional practitioner of engineering , concerned with applying scientific knowledge , mathematics , and ingenuity to develop solutions for technical , societal and commercial problems perhaps scientific knowledge is used less , but i did use boolean logic a couple of minutes ago , 
   engineers are smart and do n't live from writing . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm a programmer and i write code for a living , 
  dobzse laszlo  he was a king of czech ? 
  origin who always said ` yes ' ( dobzse ) to everything , so the nobles took all his money and land . 
  there 's a story that he had to go to the local fair and ask a gipsy for two coins to buy a hamburger , because he was so hungry , 
  what 's el ? 
  if you do n't like it why do n't you go back to austria or wherever, 
  you seem to know nothing about hungarian politics if you were capable of writing such idiocy . 
  riiight and you have statistics to back that up ? 
  i saw a few cars illegally driving in the emergency lane on highways during rush hour , so german drivers are n't really so perfectly disciplined ... 
  there 's just one l there, 
   it 's downright scandalous how mr orban always forgets who said he forgot ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  did he mention specific places which excluded austria , or did he say `` the carpathian basin '' ? 
  read before you criticise . 
  it 's not really a problem with rights , you can give people as many rights on paper as you like . 
  the problem is with integration . 
  i like the example the americans did during the 60 ` es when they forced black and white children to go to the same schools . 
  eventually it lead to white people being used to seeing black people , they started appearing on tv , now even the president is black ... 
  specifically for vojvodina , serbs , hungarians , germans etc. 
  lived in this area together for centuries , and they got used to each other more or less . 
  in the past 100 years the main migration was serbs moving into the area , so it was these people that should 've been integrated into the existing population , which of course they were n't . 
  there was some effort done during communism , for example when i started elementary school there were still serb classes that learned hungarian , but when the war started these were abolished . 
  expecting the hungarian population , which is native to this area and was already on friendly terms with the existing serb population , to adapt again to the newcomers while the newcomers do n't have to do anything , has not achieved anything but angered the communities , which you can see in incidents in temerin etc. 
  or that case in subotica where kids talk to each other in english because they do n't speak serbian/hungarian . 
  and people are n't shocked about how divided the communities are , they are shocked by how hungarians do n't speak the `` state language '' . 
  you can not * demand * a people to learn a language without showing some respect back .
