  in slovenia for instance an immigrant only gets health insurance if he 's working and then this benefit goes over to his family . 
  in my opinion it would be fair that those who pay taxes get benefits , while those who do n't pay taxes do n't . 
  it should n't matter whether you ' r a citizen or an expat . 
  it 's a very interesting article but i disagree with its conclusions . 
  the us is spending more money which is why its economy is growing faster . 
  it 's doing this by increasing their debt and with an 8-12 % deficit . 
  as you can see in the charts , us debt increased from 70 to over 110 % of their gdp , while eu debt went from 70 to 95 % and stabilizing . 
  and our deficit is at around 4 % . 
  the productivity of the eastern european countries is increasing steadily , while in western europe and the us it 's more or less stable . 
  overall this means the productivity in the eu is increasing . 
  in the longer run this means we can do more with the same amount of money , there wo n't be a need to increase our debt . 
  i 'm no expert but i predict that in the long run , 10-20 years from now , the us will struggle with a 200 % debt which will force austerity on them the kind we see in greece . 
  at the same time the eu will have a 50 % debt and a stable outlook for the future . 
  in the near future , possibly in 2014 , the us will experience another severe recession . 
  the eu wo n't . 
  it 's a beautiful sunny day in budapest . 
  funny how these little things can make people happy . 
  i disagree , there are several dialects and many more outside the borders of today 's hungary . 
  often it 's difficult to understand people from another region , for example it 's really hard for me to understand people from the region around kaposv\u00e1r . 
  also , many times when i 'm in budapest people ask me if i 'm hungarian or they just start speaking to me in english ... but where i come from the dialect i speak is considered normal and the budapest accent is considered gay  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_language#dialects, 
  interesting how communism did n't affect your work ethic . 
  when i grew up in serbia the popular saying was `` they ca n't pay me so little as little i can work '' . 
  the attitude changed since with the introduction of capitalism , but still many consider it a life success if they get a government job where they work for a few hours only . 
  i had a boring job where i had to work only a few minutes a day and pretend to work for the rest . 
  they paid well , but after half a year i was starting to go crazy and quit . 
  i do n't know how some people can live like that for decades . 
  is this news 2 or 3 years old ? 
  today politicians in serbia are drinking milk as a show of support to the minister http://www.blic.rs/vesti/drustvo/370032/zrenjanin-gradonacelnik-popio-mleko-u-znak-podrske-ministru, 
  he probably mistook germany for hungary . 
   thus less easily sympathized with are you saying people in the 50 ` es sympathized with the germans ? 
  or that what the greeks had done is worse than what the nazis did ? 
  i ca n't decide if this is the most stupid comment of the week , or the year so far ... 
  sajt is iranian ? 
  wtf ? 
  also interesting : in greek it 's turos , while in hungarian goat cheese is called t\u00far\u00f3, 
  learn a slavic language , then you 'll be able to understand almost all of eastern europe . 
  i 'm biased towards serbo-croatian since i speak it and think it would n't be difficult for a german . 
  the sounds are almost the same as in german , so it 's easier than hungarian or french . 
  the grammar also is n't very difficult , the language is pretty regular , once you learn the rules you 're set . 
  if you learn serbian then the added bonus is you 'll have to learn cyrillic , which means you 'll be able to read russian and many other languages from ex-soviet union . 
  [ wikipedia says ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_in_europe_by_monthly_average_wage ) a normal salary in italy is 2000 euros . 
  1100 would be too low . 
  i was making more than that in slovenia , which is considered poor by italian standards . 
  also , slovenia has 41 % taxes after 15000 euros , while italy has 43 % after 75000 . 
  if i was living in italy and earning 1100 euros like you say , i would be paying only 27 % tl ; dr ; stop whining like a pussy and pay your taxes . 
  you probably get furious at all those immoral criminals who do n't buy bus tickets, 
  it is if you 're not a student and ca n't get an isic card . 
  you could fake an isic but people tell me it 's an old idea and some security guards can notice . 
  a press card has no standard format , even a real one may look like toilet paper . 
  also with isic you sometimes only get a discount , while with a press card you go in for free . 
   we have a rule that says you can camp in the nature as long as you are well away from any buildings hi , is this true ? 
  could you back that up with some sources ? 
  i seriously want to visit norway but was always taken aback by the prices . 
  if i could camp for free that would be awesome and i could start planning my summer vacation right now !, 
  please reply , 
  just print a fake press card , attach your photo , put it in a plastic cover and go with that . 
  google `` press card '' to find some samples . 
  you can design your own in photoshop . 
  the press agency does n't have to be real , just invent a name that sounds real like `` global news agency '' . 
  in my estimate the success ratio in getting in for free in museums , historical buildings , sports events is around 80 % . 
  also works outside of europe . 
  the people want you , asshole . 
  you 're gon na accept modship like it or not !, 
  you think those subhumans have `` culture '' ? 
  you 're too liberal to be a mod !, 
  i also support this guy , he seems level headed enough to be a mod . 
  also , we need more people from eastern europe . 
  if you know that things will improve from now on you can plan ahead and calculate that next year you 'll have more money . 
  liver p\u00e1st\u00e9tom is very common here . 
  there 's also the fish variant but it makes me puke :(, 
  yeah this paragraph here is totally hard to understand :  financial market conditions in the eu have ** improved substantially ** since last summer . 
  but economic activity has been disappointing in the second half of last year . 
  however , leading ** indicators suggest that gdp in the eu is now bottoming out and economic activity is expected to gradually accelerate ** . 
  the pick-up in growth will initially be driven by increasing external demand . 
  domestic investment and consumption are projected to recover later in the year , and by 2014 domestic demand is expected to take over as the main driver of strengthening gdp growth . 
  this should be on the top of / r/europe . 
  just yesterday i got downvoted to hell for arguing that the european economy is doing fine and that better times are ahead us . 
  read this you pessimist assholes hahahaha !, 
  like most developed countries , slovenia has a shrinking and aging population and it needs more people to expand its economy . 
  i do n't say they absolutely must have immigrants , they can also make more children to solve the problem . 
  like i said , my opinion changed when i actually met romanians in person . 
  i even learned useful words like `` sugi pula maimutele '' , 
  you have no experience but do you have qualifications ? 
  without a degree you should n't expect much . 
  i do n't know how it would work for a portuguese guy but you probably have some community outside portugal . 
  find their website , for example `` portuguese in dubai '' and get in touch with those people . 
  in any case , if you go to a middle east country , never ever accept a job doing physical labor . 
  you 'll be working 12 hours a day on 60 degrees and earn $ 100 a month , unless the boss finds vietnamese who would work for less . 
  i really hated the slovenian system where they require you to know the language but provide absolutely no assistance . 
  only in 2009-2011 was there a program for immigrants that lived more than a year in slovenia and have a new visa for another year * - and that was financed by the eu ( so when the financing ended they cancelled the program ) . 
  i agree that people should learn the language but if you 're a tiny country with a language that no one knows , then at least make some effort to teach people !, 
  ^ ( * in my specific case my visa was valid for 10 months so i did n't qualify ), 
  i agree , i think relations between ordinary people are a lot better than what the media portrays . 
  i was actually surprised when i met some romanians at a concert and they seemed very happy when they found out i 'm hungarian . 
  this was completely contrary to what i 've been told by books and the media which basically say `` the romanians are the devil '' . 
  [ euro stoxx 50 rose 1,5 % ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/sx5e:ind ) compared to this time last year . 
  that does n't sound like recession to me . 
  also 2012 was a pretty good year for me , i 'm sorry if you had a bad year but it does n't mean everyone else has . 
  yesterday the s&p index was at its 5-year high , that 's just one positive news ... uhm look , if you want to see bad news , go ahead and search for bad news . 
  the reality is the economic situation is quite positive , 2012 was a great year and it 's expected that 2013 will be even better .
