  there are also many , many pictures and caricatures ridiculing the government . 
  really , i do n't understand what it is that you want . 
  do you want hungarian newspapers to show the government eating shit , with a huge title `` they all suck cock lol '' , to believe that criticism of the government is possible and allowed ? 
   but the police are being instructed to arrest everyone doing it and accusing them of sleeping on the streets . 
  you 're making the hungarian police look like the gestapo , but the truth is the homeless people still continue to sleep in the metro stations , even now when it has been made illegal . 
  i do n't really understand how you imagine hungary , do you think homeless people are hiding in dark corners scared that the ss will discover them ? 
  or that they 're forced to sleep in the snow ? 
  the hungarian police is so lenient they 're even being made fun of that they 're cowards . 
   the constinutional court can give opinions - but not being able to reject constiutional laws is the exact definition of a non-democracy that has nothing to do with democracy , you 're confusing it with the rule of law . 
  the constitutional court 's job is to interpret * laws * and see if they are allowed under the current constitution . 
  it 's not their job to interpret the constitution itself . 
  the role of the constitutional court might be different in romania , but i do n't see why that would matter . 
  in the us the constitutional court can not change the constitution , so are you saying the us is a dictatorship ? 
  i could answer you but from experience i know that i 'll get downvoted . 
  / r/europe hates the current hungarian government and does n't care when lies are posted . 
  it 's not illegal to beg on the streets , it 's illegal to sleep there . 
  this was invented because some homeless people do n't want to go to shelters , they 'd rather sleep in the metro stations and shit and piss on the staircases , spreading disease , attacking little children , and i swear that i 'm not making this up . 
  press is not limited 3 . 
  constitutional court may indeed give opinion about laws , it may only not reject constitutional laws . 
  they need to derive their opinion of laws based on the active constitution , not change the constitution itself as they like ( which is what they have been doing , rejecting its articles one by one in the past year ) . 
  there 's a populist/nationalist party in the parliament and sometimes they like to make lists of jews or call roma people animals ... these are not the same people who constitute the government . 
  we also ca n't just ban them from saying what they want in the parliament . 
  you 'll agree that brain surgery is harder than history , so not all studies are equally hard , not all professions are equally valuable . 
  on the other hand , there are many who finish comp.sci . 
  and end up being testers because they ca n't write a line of decent code . 
  u jelly ? 
   they 're essentially unskilled , unsuitable for any other sort of work apart from football . 
  that goes the same for most sportsmen yet they do n't get money thrown at them the same way footballers do . 
  i 've recently been at a presentation of an athlete that won a gold medal at the olympics , besides 6 hours of intensive training he also goes to school . 
  also if the protests are spontaneous ( is n't reported ) but are n't causing much trouble , then the police wo n't interfere . 
  `` birka '' means sheep in hungarian . 
  i read that as `` sheep girl was probably not swedish '', 
  listen to the fucking radio & stfu, 
  i see , trust not what you hear but trust what the article says ? 
  i wonder when will foreigners be able to buy lang in croatia . 
  there are all these tiny islands that swedish old people are dying to die on . 
  yeah that 's what real burek looks like . 
  no offense but i never liked the [ bosnian burek ] ( http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4140/4932411800_437d6cb35a.jpg ) , it has a fake taste . 
  my favorite contemporary one is `` no greek that is of bad idea ''  ), 
  tell us more about what you think of sweden , it always lights up my day , 
  wait , i do n't get it ... if klubradio is banned , then why the fuck can i listen to them on the 95,3 frequency ? 
  is it somehow possible that the article you 're linking is not true ? 
  or perhaps my ears are lying to me ? 
  here , this website lets you listen to various radio stations including klubradio , i wonder if you will hear a sound too or maybe it 's just my imagination : http://tunein.com/radio/klub-radio-953-s15873/ i bet it was too hard to type `` klubradio '' into google and find this link yourself ... better post some shitty article and believe everything it says , than check for the truth on your own . 
  p.s : fuck you downvoters !, 
  before downvoting why do n't you check the facts ? 
  which radio stations are not allowed to broadcast 24/7 ? 
  you learn something new every day . 
  time to delete my posts then ... 
  it 's sensational how they 're lying to their children . 
  i 'd really like to know which radio station has been banned from broadcasting because they were anti-government . 
  surely the german public tv is not teaching the german children to spread lies without checking facts first ? 
  you guys should take 100 % of the money that milosevic and his family stole from serbia and deposited in cyprus banks . 
  it 's estimated it might be up to $ 2 billion . 
  should give you a nice start towards repaying your debt , and hopefully milosevic 's family will starve to death . 
  what do you think a yemeni tourist needs when he wants to visit the friendly paradise of eu ? 
  not just a visa and letter of invitation , but proof of funds , proof of no criminal background , etc. 
  yep , just ask the slovaks how they feel about hungarian signs . 
  that 's the eu for you . 
  awesome , let 's push today 's problems onto our children , just like how our parents did . 
  there 's a greek downvote brigade working on this subreddit , i 've noticed this some time ago . 
  if you criticize anything that 's greek , prepare to have -10 posts . 
  if the greek guy makes fun of your nation , he 'll get +10 . 
  too bad reddit karma wo n't unmake the catastrophic mismanagement of their economy . 
  how would it destabilize anything ? 
  is n't their economy something like 0,5 % of the total eu ? 
  right , so even assuming a 7 % loan , they could 've avoided that if they implemented austerity 3 years ago . 
  reduce the average salary by 7 % for example . 
  their competitiveness would increase and even if it did n't they would n't be piling on debt . 
  it 's win-win . 
  and now we 're here and today they need to give up 10 % on average anyway , which they could 've done before , so what they have done is they 've just postponed the decision . 
  they were living beyond their means , and now when it 's reality time they 're throwing a tantrum . 
  in the end , they will have to face with the consequences of their shortsightedness . 
  i refer to the fact that their debt ratio increased from 40 % to 70 % in 3 years . 
  i do n't know what the interest rate on those previous loans are but i 'm guessing it 's less than 5 % ? 
  life is a struggle , not a fucking dream . 
  get a job , hippy . 
  is that a good response ? 
   i do n't believe that rats are part of the icelandic cousine , either . 
  iceland 's population density is 37 times lower than cyprus ' . 
  but i agree , they wo n't starve , they 'll just move to germany in search for work . 
   if no other plan is proposed by the eu-imf , yes , they are pretty much forced to go down this road . 
  as far as i understood , the eu only wanted the cypriots to find 5 billion `` anyway they like '' , and left it to the cypriots to handle the details . 
  the cyprus pm wanted everyone to share the burden , not just the rich people . 
  it 's ridiculous to blame this proposal on the eu-imf , or saying that this is against the spirit of the eurozone , when the cypriots came up with the plan . 
  no one forced them to do this , they could 've just taxed the rich 75 % like the french did . 
  that is to say , of course there are other plans . 
  some people will have to pay , it 's up to the cypriots to decide how to balance the burden . 
  i personally favor an egalitarian approach , but from / r/europe 's history i 'm sure this is unpopular and instead most people think the rich should pay more . 
  the cypriots themselves most certainly do think so . 
  cypriots . 
  lol ur so funny . 
  at least those prostitutes work for their living , not borrowing other people 's money and then throwing a tantrum when they need to pay back . 
  why should i worry because they 're doing legal work in the nl ? 
  i agree with you 110 % . 
  it 's their decision , and their responsibility . 
  they decided that they wo n't make the sacrifice to bail out their own country . 
  now they 're responsible for the consequences of this decision . 
  i think that rejecting this plan will lead to one of the following : 1 . they go bankrupt 2 . they accept the plan a few weeks from now if they do go bankrupt and are forced to eat rats , i just want everyone to realize that this is what they democratically wanted . 
  no one forced them to go down this road .
