  or did i just witness the famous german humor ? 
   well be more careful not hungary . 
  we 're siding with losers ( russia , turkey ) this time again . 
  trianon pt .3 pls, 
  language is a dialect with an army , that 's all . 
  i 'm surprised no one ever posts pictures of the most important monument of mostar : https://dubih.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/dscn1103.jpg, 
  i said the us has a different election system . 
  for example , they vote for individual congressmen who then represent the interest of their electorate . 
  you can write to your congressman to exert pressure in an issue . 
  their party politics is also a lot more flexible and it takes an effort to have everyone in a party vote the same . 
  another reason why they even have a whip . 
  in this kind of system a presidential candidate can only become someone who has the approval of the party which is manned by people who represent their district which , even if gerimanderred , they do represent . 
  such a thing does n't exist in hungary . 
  you probably do n't know who is the person representing your district and even if you write to him ( i did ) you wo n't get a reply . 
  in this sort of system gerimanderring diminishes democracy , ie hungary is not a democracy while the us is . 
  another sode is that the us is a huge country and these things happen on a relatively small scale . 
  fidesz did this on a country scale , similar to like the us putting all the big coastal cities in one district giving one vote , and the remaining into many small districts giving many votes ( to the republicans ) . 
  thos is why fidesz won the same amount of seats despite getting 10 % less votes . 
  now back to you , do you thonk gerimanderring is an ok thing , or do you agree that fidesz is ruining democracy with it ? 
  i 'm asking because your reply was `` yeah but the us does it too '' , which somehow implies that it makes it all right . 
  it does n't . 
  but that 's my opinion , what is yours ? 
  to the question of the referendum . 
  i already said it does n't matter how small a party is , everyone is equal and everyone should have the right to start referendums . 
  in this case , a small party wanted to restrict the position of prime minisyer to max 2 terms . 
  for that , they wanted to change the law regulating the position . 
  the constitutional court rejected it by saying you can not modify the constitution in a referendum . 
  now either those people are morons , or they rejected it because of politics . 
  and i think it 's the later . 
  there has not been a non-fidesz referendum in hungary ever since orban took piwer and everything is being done to prevent people from having one . 
  they even used force last year . 
  and this is another reason why hungary is a dictatorship , because only dictators are afraid of the voice of the people . 
  hamburg had a referendum on the olympics . 
  i do n't recall a national scandal breaking out of it or merkel blaming the opposition for breaking `` national unity '' . 
  that 's because merkel is not a dictator and germany is not a dictatorship . 
  the opposite is true for orban and his victim , hungary . 
  and lastly , the failed referendum against the migrants . 
  it cost us more than the brexit campaign . 
  it failed . 
  fidesz wanted to modify the constitution regardless , but he needed the votes of opposition jobbik . 
  jobbik said they 'll do it , but only if they abolish the law of selling citizenship to rich foreigners , which is causing a net loss to hungary but is making a huge profit to orban 's mafia friends on cayman islands . 
  orban said no , so we 're still selling citizenships and we still do n't have an amendment in the constitution agaibst the immigrants . 
  did n't you say this issue was important to the majority of hungarians ? 
  so why are orban 's mafia friends on the cayman islands taking preference ? 
  you know wht ? 
  because we are living in a dictatorship . 
  i could reply to the rest of your comments because it 's so easy to refute fidesz propaganda . 
  they are a bunch of amateurs and should really learn from professionals if they want to remain in power . 
  i have the feeling that orban alienated most of his capable friends and now has only these idiots to work with . 
  but now i have to actually work and produce the tax money . 
  those stadium 's do n't cone for free and are n't cheat either . 
   it 's different , but garrymandering is garrymandering . 
  yes it is . 
  and are you saying it 's somehow ok to do it ? 
   they wanted to hold a referendum to change the constitution . 
  the court ruled that they are not allowed to do that , \u00e9rted ? 
  ok so i 'm guessing you speak hungarian . 
  they wanted to change the law to prevent a person being prime minister twice . 
  so either you are lying , or you just took over the lie that the constitutional court said . 
  like i was saying , they are actively trying to prevent people from hearing their voice . 
   yes they did , but did n't go through with something the people did n't want , explain me how is this dictatorship . 
  how do you know what the people wanted or did n't want ? 
  maybe the majority wanted the olympics . 
  now we will never know . 
  the government denied the democratic right of the people to have a vote on the issue . 
  and they did this just because they were afraid of the political damage should the people vote unfavorably for them . 
  you know who is afraid of the people ? 
  dictators . 
   you said we find new enemies every year , this soros thing has been going on for a while . 
  last year 's migrant thing was also about soros ? 
   we should not say collectively fuck russia just because germany demands it . 
  if it 's not in our national interest , we should not . 
  you will have to provide a quote where germany demands we do anything regarding to russia . 
  otherwise you 're just making up bullshit ( or repeating government propaganda , i ca n't tell ) . 
  regardless , it is in our national interest to be part of a strong and unified eu , and russia is actively destroying it * through us * . 
  hungary is putin 's pawn and the worst part is we , the people , are not even gaining anything from this deal . 
  only orban and his gangsters . 
   people whom we have nothing in common who despise our culture ? 
  do you know anything about these people ? 
  have you been to syria . 
  i have ( before the war ) and there is a lot that we have in common with them . 
  you will also need to show me proof that they actively despise our culture . 
   they are free to leave anytime their freedom does not remove the ** responsibility ** of hungary to treat human beings with dignity . 
  even if they are voluntarily in concentration camps , those are still concentration camps . 
  you should ask yourself why do they still remain in horrible concentration camps if they are free to leave ? 
  perhaps the alternative is even worse ? 
   not the slightest bit even if you have no empathy with people who are suffering , hungary is signatory to several treaties which require it to treat refugees with dignity . 
  the next time historical situation changes and we become the side that is suffering , we will need to hope there will be people who wo n't remember how we behaved now . 
   but it 's not leeethal . 
  i will run you over with a car but it will be sloooow , so it 's ok .  but the german industry needs ee badly . 
   but it 's profitable for germany no . 
   so who the hell cares . 
  germany , because we are a drain on its economy . 
  we are n't damaging merkel too much politically , so she tossed us into the garbage only now , and now 2 years ago when orban started shitting all over our allies . 
   what was it , 40-50 % voted and 98,36 % voted no to migrants . 
  so the majority did n't give a fuck about this non-issue . 
  maybe fidesz should concentrate on hospitals and education and improve the lives of hungarian taxpayers , instead of always fighting an invisible foreign enemy . 
  it 's not our fault your songs are shit . 
   while gerrymandering is wrong , do you want me to list all the countries mainly the us who did the same shit , even more obviously . 
    do you think the us is a dictatorship because of that ?
