  they do n't wear arab clothing or hijab . 
  or if a woman wears a headscarf it 's not guaranteed that she 's muslim , just that she 's conservative . 
   for example that gay sex is a sin . 
  even though it 's not even mentioned in the bible it 's mentioned in leviticus, 
  the same thing is happening in indonesia . 
  it used to be a multinational , multireligious country ( well , it still is ) and then the saudis started importing their fucked up ideas . 
  luckily the majority population still hates the extremists , but i feel this is changing the same way as in bosnia . 
  the pork thing was actually the practice in the serbian army until it was professionalized a few years back . 
  frankly i think it 's disgusting and discriminatory to force people to eat food against their religious beliefs . 
  that 's funny , every dutch person i know complains about muslims being too loud or violent or rude or xxx, 
  but you have n't answered my question : how do you deal with foreigners not wanting to assimilate into your culture ? 
  one of the reasons is certainly racism , but it 's not actually racism because muslims are not a race ( they are hated because of their culture , so i 'm not sure what 's the proper word for it ) . 
  the people that fought in ww2 are still around , their children are not so openly racist but the majority do believe that they are better than everyone else because they were born french/german/hungarian etc. 
  so you belong to the perfect nation and have a kick-ass economy and your trains run on time and you do n't flush your toilet after 10pm to not disturb your neighbors . 
  but then this asshole comes along who talks loud on his mobile phone after midnight and his wife scares the children with her ninja outfit . 
  i 'm not sure how you guys deal with this in canada , do you tolerate it or call the police ? 
  where 's slovenia ? 
  when i read the title i thought this would be about sweden . 
  they 've been qualified to join the euro since its beginning , right ? 
  immigrants are n't brainless retards , those that get into western europe are actually above-average so it 's not surprising they can outsmart the police . 
  not a very interesting map i must say : /, 
  maybe you 're being 1000 times more productive than a normal individual . 
  let 's say you 're friends with the ceo of gazprom , then you can potentially be 1000 times more money-worthy than an average person who does n't have that connection . 
  i never really liked the idea that all people should get equal pay . 
  if you 're not capable of finishing college , building up a network and becoming a top executive like these guys , then it 's your own fault , not theirs . 
  edit : holy shit when did this subreddit turn into a hippy circlejerk ? 
   all governments make contingency plans lol you should read more about the serb government , they even get surprised when the snow falls every year and traffic collapses ( and i 'm not making this up ), 
  i do n't think the plans are for * conquering * russia or china , just defeating them . 
  conquering for territory is not really important right now ; maybe the us would ask for some gas fields etc. 
  spain and france are us allies , they should allow us troops to cross their territory when invading andorra . 
  an attack on israel would probably include bases in turkey , a carrier in the mediterranean and maybe some assistance from egypt . 
  there are many foreign devils living in china, 
  as it has been said before , this only shows muslims lack imagination when picking names . 
  i must remember to go to la tomatina next year !, 
  ok so they 're not illyrians , maybe they 're [ dacians or thracians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albanian_language ) - they still were living in kosovo before the slavs came . 
  or maybe you think they came * after * ? 
  there were 2 ( two ) battles at kosovo polje . 
  in the first battle the serbs were defeated by the turks . 
  then [ 50 years later ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kosovo_%281448%29 ) the hungarians were defeated at the same place by the turks and their serb allies . 
  the battles then moved more to the north , for example in 1456 the [ battle of belgrade ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_belgrade_%281456%29 ) , it is recorded that a large part of the christian army was orthodox ( = serb ) . 
  there were no battles in kosovo until the austrians visited it in 1699 i think . 
  that 's a fucking retarded logic but you would lose by it too . 
  kosovo was serb land only between 1150-1389 ( 250 years ) , then it was turkish land for 500 years . 
  so the turks have more right to it than you . 
  and before the serbs came to the balkans there were illyrians and greeks living there . 
  guess who are the ancestors of the albanians ? 
  a wiser man than myself once said this : we did n't like vllasi so we got rugova . 
  we did n't like rugova so we got thaci . 
  because the milosevic regime always replied with opression , the moderates lost power among the albanians in favor of the extremists . 
  it 's not like the albanians chose to start killing policemen for no reason , they did that only after a decade of begging for autonomy , when the moderates lost all power . 
  the kla is not at all innocent ( as evidenced by their organ trade ) , but many soldiers joined their ranks not because they were drug traders but because they wanted to fight for a better life . 
  these people then left the kla after the war was over and only the criminals remained . 
  whether it was their strategy to win by provoking milosevic or not , it obviously worked . 
  is the official turkish census from 1911 good enough ? 
  the link 's here somewhere , i replied to someone else ... 
  did n't the portuguese lose most of their colonies and wealth the last time they were together with the spanish ? 
  80 % of those that did vote voted for impeachment . 
  so i guess this is bad news ? 
  i fucking hate it when referendums fail due to low turnout . 
  and then people that did n't vote complain about how democracy does n't work ... 
  fine , here 's the official turkish statistics from 1911 : http://www.ess.uwe.ac.uk/kosovo/chap2.htm  according to turkish statistics , 912,902 inhabitants lived in the vilayet of kosova , out of whom 743,040 were albanians , 53,396 bulgarians , 106,209 serbs , 20,009 jews and 5,043 romanies . 
  of course , serb historians attacked this official data as well because they did n't count women ( though i ca n't see how counting them would favor the monogamous christians ) , so here are some other estimates as well : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_vilayet#demographics  british journalist h. brailsford estimated in 1906 that two-thirds of the population of kosovo was albanian and one-third serbian . 
  the most populous western districts of \u0110akovica and pe\u0107 were said to have between 20,000 and 25,000 albanian households , as against some 5,000 serbian ones . 
  a map of alfred stead , published in 1909 , shows that similar numbers of serbs and albanians were living in the territory . 
   a publication from december 21 , 1912 in the belgian magazine ons volk ontwaakt ( our nation awakes ) estimated 827,100 inhabitants :   muslim albanians - 418,000   christian bulgarians - 250,000   orthodox serbs - 113,000   mixed - 22,000   muslim bulgarians - 14,000   muslim turks - 9,000   orthodox vlachs - 900   orthodox greeks - 200, 
   although it did n't seem to have much impact did it , the albanian language is alive and well is n't it wtf ?? 
  was this some weak attempt at trolling ? 
  more like 1300 . 
  in 1500 it was the forehead of ottoman empire . 
   oppressed not only albanians in kosovo , but the entirety of people in serbia that opposed him . 
  did you learn in school in your own language ? 
  yes ? 
  then obviously you had a better life than an albanian kid in kosovo . 
  the `` opression '' the serbs lived under milosevic was nothing compared to the war crimes committed against the albanians in kosovo . 
  maybe if milosevic murdered all serbs in a village because they opposed him , maybe then i would agree with you . 
  maybe if milosevic closed schools because they were teaching in serbian , or closed libraries because the books were in serbian . 
  but because we all know the opression that serbs lived under was just some lack of media freedom , some random murder of maffia guys , some problems at the border when you tried to smuggle petrol , you ca n't fool people into believing that the serbs and albanians lived under the same measure of opression . 
  here 's one : http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/feb/26/kosovo.serbia  orthodox serb population at less than 25 % there are many more sources in serbian , do your own search . 
  edit : awesome , i 'm getting downvoted now for providing source ? 
  the serb nationalistic element is strong within this thread . 
   gtfo back to albanistan . 
  they did n't come from albanistan , the serbs conquered their land and then opressed them for the next hundred years before they finally gained their freedom . 
  kosovo was majority albanian ever since it was annexed by serbia in 1912 . 
  read more about history : http://lamar.colostate.edu/~grjan/kosovohistory.html  in the first balkan war of 1912 albania was attacked by montenegro , serbia , bulgaria and greece . 
  the albanians were allied with the ottomans . 
  serbs joined the army in large numbers to avenge the serbian defeat by the turks at the battle of kosovo polje . 
  at this time kosovo was mostly albanian . 
  serbs entered pristina as albanians retreated to the mountains . 
  the serbian army destroyed turkish and albanian houses and there was much plundering and killing . 
  serb peasants followed the army into kosovo re-occupying the land . 
  the albanians fought fiercely but lost the war and kosovo came under serbian authority . 
  that 's a naive view of history . 
  ever since kosovo 's autonomy was forcibly abolished in 1990 and the albanian leader [ put to jail ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azem_vllasi ) , the albanian majority was severely supressed in their right , to the point that they could n't even learn in school in their own language , and more than 14000 elementary schools were forcibly closed [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.ess.uwe.ac.uk/kosovo/kosovo-background24.htm ) . 
  albanians were prohibited from buying land from serbs [ [ 2 ] , first paragraph on page 2 ] ( http://www.osce.org/kosovo/36815 ) . 
  in every town the government was made of serbs , even in those where the serbs made 0 % of the population ( this is because albanians boycotted all elections in the 90 ` es ) . 
  street signs were similarly named of serb famous people . 
  albanian newspapers were shut down . 
  there were mass protests by the albanians which were supressed by tanks . 
  and we have n't even got to 1998 when the albanians finally gave up dialog and started armed rebellion . 
  this is when the massacres started .
