  i think they did have centralized power , or at least one leader which all followed . 
  just because they were pagan barbarian hordes does n't mean they had no structure ( just look at attila the hun ) . 
  and also the pechenegs , jass and cumans ( in that order i think ), 
  i was answering op 's claim that the poles suffered just as much as the jews and so they should get money too , which is just not true . 
  yes there were many good poles who helped jews survive , but on the other hand can you imagine a situation where jews hid poles in their sewers ? 
  no , because the poles were not living in such bad conditions to resort to that . 
  it 's too bad that 7 people downvoted me without telling which part they disagree with my post , so i 'll just guess they 're closet racists . 
  the original hungarian flag was just white-red-white-red-white . 
  apparently one of the kings in the 1200s married some catalan girl and she introduced the flag , which is the same catalan just yellow replaced with white . 
  unfortunately nowadays this old flag ( called the [ arpad stripes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u00c1rp\u00e1d_stripes ) ) is associated more with neo-nazism because those bastards like to use it a lot . 
  edit : after checking with wikipedia , i was right . 
  [ constance of arragon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constance_of_aragon,_holy_roman_empress ) was the wife of king imre , she introduced the stripes . 
  i think it 's actually the other way round . 
  when the italian king visited naples he was presented with a pizza in italian colors , which is now called the napolitana , 
   @op : i really like our former combined trade flag i think it must 've been hell for schoolkids to draw both those emblems . 
  i remember i had trouble even with the communist star back when i was in school , 
   i remember the dutch switching from the [ 2 ] orange-white-blue to the red-white-blue because of french influence , not the other way around i do n't know about that . 
  the wikipedia article confirms what you say , but then look at this painting from 1617 : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hendrick_cornelisz_vroom it clearly shows that the dutch flag was red-white-blue , some 170 years before the french revolution . 
  ( i remember these painting because i was in the dutch national museum once and was very impressed by its paintings of sea battles ), 
  maybe he has an \u0153 button on his irish \u01e9eyb\u00f2\u00e1rd, 
  i agree , in many cases it 's good that the uk opposes france and germany , because then those small countries that also oppose them have someone to rally behind . 
  is there really so much ice in estonia ? 
  i remember icegold from years back , and i think there 's an airline with the word ice in it . 
  what 's this obsession with ice the estonians have ? 
  this is really interesting , thank you for the link !, 
  that glove the greek guy invented was the most interesting for me . 
  i imagine if he keeps working on it then in maybe 10 years we 'll have power gloves with which any human being can bend a steel pipe and other sci-fi stuff ... , 
  best thread ever !, 
  that 's produced at apatinska pivara , so it 's there . 
  i just noticed they also put zrenjaninsko there , which went bankrupt some 10 years ago . 
  i also think the be\u010dejsko does n't exist anymore , or i have n't seen it for a long time . 
  on the other hand , mb , bip , zaje\u010darsko and jagodinsko are missing . 
  except in this case it 's seasonal work , meaning it lasts just a couple of months . 
  aleksandar and his family lived from that all year , since it 's clearly mentioned that it 's all they do . 
  i do n't think he read the article . 
  anyway i see this thread has too many posts by me so i 'm withdrawing from the discussion , others should express their opinion as well . 
  unfortunately the spanish situation , espcially now with catalonia , has many similarities with yugoslavia before the war . 
  but i 'm sure you guys are smarter and wo n't start killing each other for stupid historical reasons . 
  i 've heard it comes from italian `` gittanes '' , which is short for egyptians . 
  apparently they presented themselves as egyptian christians fleeing the muslims , so that the christian kingdoms would grant them asylum . 
  but i think i 've also read somewhere that this story is not true ... 
   here is one for you from hungary ungv\u00e1r / uzhgorod is not in hungary , it 's in the ukraine , but it does n't matter . 
  did you read the article ? 
  i 'm not sure you did . 
  it says * some people * attacked a roma camp with molotov-cocktails , but it does n't say who the attackers were . 
  for example , it could be just a feud between two roma families . 
  in france , we have french people saying they `` took the action in their own hands '' . 
  are they going to get punished ? 
  no , as the article says , the police only reported the incident . 
   strangers set roma houses on fire at night 4 serial killers , who may not be 100 % sane , that got widely condemned by their community . 
  it 's not the same as when a neighborhood organizes itself to burn down a roma camp . 
   anyway , it was absolutely right i was arguing the hipocracy that france was accusing eastern european countries of racism when itself is showing a far worse example . 
  cig\u00e1ny is how you say it in hungarian and it 's neutral , but recently it has become a racist word . 
  by recently i mean since the eu and especially france started complaining about racism against roma people . 
  while it 's true that a lot of poles died , the jews suffered a lot more than the native population before they were eventually murdered . 
  the money that israel gets goes to the families of survivors , not the state , and the families left poland to israel after ww2 . 
  this is partly because poles moved into their homes and threatened to kill them if they do n't go away . 
  [ some 2000 jews were killed in poland after ww2 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-jewish_violence_in_poland,_1944\u20131946 ), 
  they 've left out la\u0161ko , the largest brewery in slovenia ??? 
  i have n't even heard of some of those other ones , probably some one-man operations , yet they forget the largest one ? 
  also , i see that croatia has no breweries , or definitely not o\u017eujsko , karlova\u010dko and osije\u010dko , the largest breweries in the country . 
  and there 's a few missing in serbia ... a lot seem to be missing in romania . 
  i know at least 5 beers i 've tried that are n't on the map . 
  and it seems that a huge country like the ukraine only has one brewery ?? 
  definitely a useless map . 
  they seem to focus mostly on britain , belgium and denmark . 
   rencontres tsiganes in the meantime , it 's bad to call them `` cig\u00e1ny '' here because that 's racist . 
  i also ca n't remember the last time people burned down roma camps in eastern europe , yet somehow that same france is telling us to fix the situation and stop being racist towards these poor opressed people . 
  at least your mps know how to use a computer . 
  he almost formed a government in january but eventually failed to do so . 
  his party won the most votes in the elections . 
  it 's funny how suddenly these arrests happen when he became a thorn in the side of some people . 
  i 'm not saying he 's innocent , only that those who accuse him are n't so clean either . 
   democratic problems in euro-banana republics i see that calling your country a banana republic is a common eastern european trait , 
  elementary school in serbia took 8 years when i went there and finishes when you 're 15 years old , high school takes another 3-4 years . 
  the better high schools take 4 years , the worse ones only 3 and you do n't even need to pass an exam to get in those . 
  i went to school in the 90 ` es ( finished high school in 2000 ) , so i had a lot of extraordinary situations like no school for 3 months because of war , teacher strikes every year which again means no school for a week , student protests , power outages etc. 
  some of the teachers were all right , some were crazy , and i remember with one of them we even went out for beer a few times ( he was 20-something ) . 
  in elementary and high school we had a `` class '' which never changed for 8 +4 years ( except when people left ) . 
  each class had its own classroom ( a room with the sign 7c would mean 7th year of class c ) and the teachers would come to us , not like in american schools where you go to the teacher 's classroom . 
  the exception were the physics , chemistry , biology and sports classes , obviously because of the equipment . 
  the good thing about having your own classroom is that you always had a safe place to hide , for example we had cases where `` the whole school '' wanted to beat up some guy from our class and we literally all held the door so they would n't come in . 
  since we always sit in the same room everyone has `` his place '' ; i remember some teachers did n't allow us to change places ( probably cause they could n't remember us otherwise ) and demanded that we get back to our place . 
  now a friend of mine went to one of those 3-year schools , that was fucking ghetto . 
  kids would throw a knife at the blackboard while the teacher was writing on it etc. 
  i never actually went there , once a guy from our class visited a friend of his there and he was severely beaten up . 
  so i guess that was the `` most american '' school since it resembles those harlem schools from the movies , except here they did n't have a metal detector at the door , 
   who got a pie thrown in his face in front of everyone . 
  they picked me . 
  it was really traumatic . 
  yeah but it was probably fucking funny for everyone else  ) i wish we had this kind of things when i was young ... :(, 
  i do n't think so . 
  we both have two non-reds in the vertical column but in the horizontal row maltese is better . 
  someone should get the excel version of this table so we can calculate the sum of rows/columns . 
  yeah but no one calls it `` programska oprema '' , that 's just an official term companies use in their description when filing tax ( i 'm a software developer that worked 4 years in slovenia ) . 
  similarly , when i worked in serbia i was developing `` ra\u010dunarska re\u0161enja '' , according to my work-book . 
  but yeah i agree , slovenians use a lot more native words . 
  i was thinking my colleagues were joking with me when they said `` vozli\u0161\u010de '' instead of `` tree node '' or `` noda '' as it 's called in serbian tech slang . 
  how do you say software in slovenian ?
