  maybe the guardian is interpreting this wrong ? 
  afaik only serbia and macedonia are threatened with visa restrictions , so you should n't worry . 
  she should not give in to a loud minority . 
  just because you 're booing for 14 minutes does n't mean you 're more important than the millions of silent voters . 
  so they earn more than 50 % of their neighbors , i think it 's fair to say that working in brno is good . 
  plus you do n't need to learn german to have a decent salary . 
  a guy that works in brno said it 's the best city ever during spring/summer , when all the student girls start wearing mini skirts ( and there are 100k students ) . 
   in neighborhood countries where , in slovakia and poland ? 
   ristic reports you have got to be fucking kidding me !, 
  ljubisa ristic , that mother fucking asshole , is your source ? 
  no , there is no more reason to discuss anything with you . 
  either you are too young to remember the events and characters from ' 99 , or you are just trolling me with this bullshit . 
  for those that are still reading this ( if any ) , ljubisa ristic is like that saddam hussein 's minister of information , no one sane would take anything he says seriously . 
  anirdnas , you are the first person on reddit who 's going in my ignore list , congratulations !, 
  source ? 
  you are an idiot . 
  really , just fuck off . 
  yeah , there were no libraries or hospitals near me , otherwise i would 've been in real danger . 
  because the serb army liked to put their aa guns at civilian targets , and then cry how nato is targeting civilians . 
  for example , there was an aa brigade on top of a library i was a member of . 
  well , involvement in the yugoslav wars were this brand new type of thing . 
  before that , no one interfered in a civil war , they just let the natives fight it out . 
  if the us had n't got itself into the ex-yu wars , then i think it would 've resolved itself somehow , probably a lot uglier than it historically did . 
  you ca n't blame anyone but the yugoslavs themselves for all the shit that has happenned . 
  no , i was drinking beer in front of the store , or waiting in line for cigarettes , during this `` terror '' . 
  i remember they even showed it on the news , the sirens rang , and everyone kept on sitting in the cafes drinking . 
  if you were terrorized by the fact that nato was * not * bombing civilians , that you had a higher chance of getting hit by a car or by the serb aa guns ' falling debree than nato bombs , then i 'm sorry but there 's something wrong with you ( or you were like a 5 year old kid , in which case you probably would be scared from the noise ) . 
  also , nato ! = eu . 
  fine , look at it this way . 
  i 'm from yugoslavia and the eu was not spreading any terror here . 
  now piss off . 
  what about that time when the poles took vilnius ? 
  go back to your troll cave !, 
  is the money from the price going to the eu budget ? 
  no wars between hungary and romania , hungary and slovakia , poland and lithuania , lithuania and russia . 
  of course , nato also should get credit for this , but improving the relationship between peoples should be attributed to the eu , for increasing trade and communication between countries that used to hate each other . 
  are you from the vatican ? 
  i completely agree with you , this is sensationalist journalism !, 
  i do n't think they themselves take seriously ( and neither should you ) . 
  it 's just fun to watch , that 's all . 
  if only those piigs debt numbers would somehow get lost due to a power outage , everyone would feel much better . 
  actually they invest the oil money into funds that may potentially never run out , so they 'll be rich forever . 
  the documentary shows the extremes of yugoslavian society because why would you show boring people riding on buses to work ? 
  i do n't think anyone thinks everyone in serbia listens to turbo folk ( i listen to black metal for example ) , or that everyone hangs out in night clubs , it 's just that this is what 's interesting to show . 
  it 's like a vice guide to america with the guy going to harlem and interviewing black people . 
  everyone knows it 's not what the whole us is like . 
  however , everything that was shown here ( and mostly what was said ) was true , including the existence of retards like that old guy in jugolend , or that wahabi priest in sarajevo . 
  it 's just that the majority of people is normal , boring , common , so they do n't get filmed . 
  who knows , maybe pear means something else . 
  it means it 's what the masses like to hear , but might not be so good for them in the end . 
  kind of like how some random nazi leaders liked to talk about restoring former glory , but in the end it ended with disaster for the people . 
  this is quite interesting . 
  i 'm the same age as those rapists but i do n't remember gangs of 20 raping girls when i was young . 
  it must be fucked up growing up where these people did . 
  i meant this whole thread , not just that specific post . 
  345 this is not really a language quiz , for example , what does ich bin ein berliner have to do with languages , or that question about where does the vienner schnitzel originates from . 
  it 's a vienner schnitzel only in english ( and a few other languages ) , but for example in hungarian it does n't contain the word vienna at all . 
  why is this in a quiz about languages ?? 
  also , the question about which language has a grammar for love ( or something like that ) is incorrect . 
  it says the `` correct '' answer is slovenian , but the way you say `` i love you '' in slovenian is no different from other languages . 
  they explain then that slovenian has a dual number , which is true , but what the fuck does that have to do with love ? 
  what if two people hate each other , that can also be expressed with duality !, 
  finally , i 'm disappointed that there was too much focus on french , italian and english , and too little on some other . 
  i was expecting two questions per language if there are 52 questions , but like someone mentioned , german only has one , bulgarian , romanian , danish , finnish only have one ... 
  maybe galicia secedes and portugal joins it , not the other way around . 
  back to mother galicia , after 900 years of tiranny  ) ), 
  at least [ according to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalonia#languages ) , more people speak spanish in catalonia than catalonian ( 46 % vs 37 % ) . 
  of course , they may still want to separate for economic reasons , but i do n't think they care about history and `` the guns above barcelona '' . 
  and 12 % are immigrants , who definitely do n't want a change in the status quo since they would be the most vulnerable in a new state . 
  so yeah , that 90 % of the 25 % you mentioned sounds about right . 
  the other 75 % probably do n't care/don ' t want to be involved . 
  ^ ( ( this is pure speculation of course , we wo n't know what the outcome will be until an actual referendum occurs ) ^ ), 
  in my opinion , having your own country is not a precondition for the existence of a nation , for example , the polish existed in the 19th century even though their state was partitioned ( modern example would be the kurds ) . 
  but i do n't want to argue what the technical term for a nation is . 
  clearly , you can `` fight for your nation '' in the parliament without being a downright separatist party . 
  lonoi said they had a majority for the past 30 years , so obviously they could 've separated whenever they wanted . 
  but then they probably would n't get as many votes because people would view them as separatists , not as nationalists ( they would definitely lose the votes of the spanish living in catalonia ) . 
   that 's why there has been a nationalist majority in the catalan parliament nationalist , not separatist . 
  yeah i was in barcelona in 2005 , asked a few people `` so how 's your independence movement doing '' , and was told `` no one cares about that anymore except some rich people in the suburbs '' . 
  i do n't care * about the history of catalonia , history is not an excuse for you to behave like dicks in the present . 
  ^ ( * - figure of speech , i 'm actually interested in all history ), 
  pros : we do n't have to listen to your whining anymore . 
  cons : you wo n't have no one to blame for your problems but yourselves . 
  if you meant economically , socially or otherwise , i do n't think there will be any changes . 
  this obviously happens now only because of the economic downturn , while there was money no one was complaining . 
  ____ edit : this thread is clearly causing a lot of controversy , so here 's a challenge . 
  if you downvote , explain why . 
  i 'm tired of being anonymously downvoted just for expressing a different opinion . 
   on topic : i 'm a turk , i tried from time to time to show the turkish side / in here . 
  responses were negative no matter what . 
  things have been downvoted to hell . 
  that 's sad . 
  if it cheers you up , you probably got more upvotes from me when i knew you were turkish  ^ ( res says you 're +7 ), 
  i do n't think they can do that ... 
  why would anyone import food from china when there 's this huge surplus produced in europe itself ? 
   there was a narrow `` schlupf '' section at the end of the labyrinth . 
  it reminds the researchers of a vagina . 
  what 's a schlupf ? 
   sns is a pro-eu party i saved this comment for future reference . 
  hope you 'll still be on reddit in a year .
