  that could be rewritten as poetry, 
  i do n't know who you are but i 've tagged you as `` everyone hates him '', 
  that 's not really true , croatia does a great job in collecting its trash . 
  this is because they rely heavily on tourism so they must make sure everything looks pretty . 
  when i was in croatia a couple of years ago i was sitting on the beach , as soon as i finished drinking from a plastic bottle a woman came to me to ask if she can take the bottle for me . 
  they get something like 10 cents per bottle so there 's a lot of interest in collecting trash . 
  i listen to online radio stations . 
  i went to school in serbia in the 1990 ` es so the history books were pretty awful . 
  however i hear that they have n't improved much even now . 
  i should mention that i 'm ethnic hungarian and we learned history in our own language . 
  however , the history books were merely translated from serbian , it was the same official history that all kids learned . 
  what was missing in these books was the history of hungarians , we were only mentioned in a few pages . 
  if we had good teachers he would teach us stuff that was n't in the curriculum and that was pretty cool . 
   emphasized * serbs always behaved as a collective ( decisions were unanimous , no need for voting ) * when they fought they all fought as one ( mothers rather sacrificed their babies than collaborate with the enemy ) * they were always on the right side of history ( no unjust wars of aggression ) * they were always the biggest victims ( because the great powers do n't care , with the exception of mother russia )  not mentioned * individuals that do n't fit the collective story * the suffering of the other side we also learned about capitalism , the 2nd international , marx & engels ... 
  i guess back then they have n't updated the communist era books yet . 
  i 'm not sure if they still learn about that stuff anymore . 
   i 'll take some chance rather than no-chance any day of the week . 
  that 's the point , you either risk your life [ eu side ] , or risk having to wait a bit more for further research to be conducted [ daimler/mercedes side ] . 
  i have no doubt that the eu people are financed by daimler 's competitors and the producers of the new gas , just as much as daimler 's own researchers are financed by daimler . 
  the point is , one side says people could get injured , and you have to take that seriously . 
  although i 'm sure there 's some corporate lobbying behind this whole issue , as far as i understand , the issue is : eu says gas x is harming the environment so we must all use gas y mercedes says gas y will make your car explode and your safety is more important than trees . 
  i do n't really know whom to believe , but since one party says peoples ' lives could be in danger , i do n't think we should just dismiss it and force everyone to move to gas y without further research . 
  they can give the same amount of points on eurovision as all the other `` real '' countries . 
  here are some common hungarian ones : bazdmeg - `` fuck it '' , used when you want to be taken seriously . 
  for example : na bassz\u00e1 m\u00e1 ' bazmeg = `` do n't fuck me , fuck it '' , meaning `` stop fooling around '' menj a pics\u00e1ba - `` go into the vagina '' , it means `` go away '' . 
  it 's not said but it 's implied we 're talking about your mom 's vagina . 
  balfasz - `` left dick '' , implies perhaps that penises usually swing to the right ? 
  anyway , it means `` retard '' seggfej - `` ass head '' , like from the south park episode . 
  it means `` idiot '' picsaf\u00fcst - `` pussy smoke '' , it means insignificant , for example the paycheck your rotten boss gives you kapsz l\u00f3faszt - `` you 'll get horse dick '' , it means `` you wo n't get anything '' . 
  the longer version is `` kapsz l\u00f3faszt a seggedbe '' which means `` you 'll get horse dick in your ass '' ki nem szarja le ? 
  - `` who does n't shit on it ? '', 
  - who cares ? 
  there are lots and lots of other swearwords but they 're not really used that often and although i know that they exist it 's perhaps once a year that i hear someone say it . 
  for example : szarj\u00e1l s\u0171nt te k\u00f6cs\u00f6g - `` shit a hedgehog you idiot '' it 's funny but you do n't use it to offend someone , it 's more like stuff you say to friends . 
  `` malaka '' was the first word i learned when i entered greece . 
  everywhere i went i could hear malaka this , malaka that ... , 
  and where 's the murican sign ??? 
  so why is this significant ? 
  is snowden in ireland ? 
  canadian serb immigrants are among the worst in the world , perhaps only the austrians beat them . 
  i know since i have relatives there . 
  most are ultra-nationalists who dream about serbia the wonderland . 
  i 've no idea why you moved to this shitty country but i 'm guessing you did n't live through wars , sanctions , poverty etc. 
  that the people in serbia did , so you do n't know just how bad it can be . 
  you 're currently living in a period of prosperity , it will only get worse in the future . 
  i also never said the serbs were shit , i said serbia is . 
  it 's the worst country in europe . 
  enjoy your poisoned milk , i hear your masters decided that it 's healthy after all . 
  out of 26 people in my elementary school class , only 11 live in serbia today . 
  out of 28 people in high school , only 4 still live in serbia . 
  i do n't know the university levels but it 's also probably similar . 
  everyone with education and brains has left that shithole ... of course , i 'm not counting your president , since he has an msc degree too , bwhahaha, 
  i probably forgot to add that i 'm from serbia so my view of the country is probably more accurate than those who 've been there once and were thrilled with the hamburgers . 
  yes i 'm more subjective but i also know what i 'm talking about . 
  but downvotofags is what makes / r/europe fun so oh well ... 
  most evil country in europe , bad to its neighbors and especially bad to the people living in it , which is why everyone tries to get out of it any way they can . 
  20 % of gdp comes from expats sending money back to their families . 
  jamaica me crazy !, 
  yeah i checked wikipedia , looks like the word really did originate from transylvania , it was first mentioned in the 16th century in a book published in cluj . 
  amazing , the word always sounded slavic to me , but it does make sense that it 's latin since it looks like a placenta . 
   oh no you didnt i knew my post will hit some soft spot  ) ), 
  oman kenya belize it ? 
  * they lived in the same country as hungarians for 800 years but their modern historians try to pretend like it never happened . 
  most croatians i talked to say they do n't even learn about it in school * try to pretend they have nothing to do with serbs , they subtitle serb movies even though the two languages has less differences than us and uk english * the non-dalmatians are extremely regulation-driven people and have no sense of humor * the dalmatians are all right except they 're extremely nationalist ; however older people tell me this is due to the war and before that they were cool * karlova\u010dko beer is better than o\u017eujsko * bad blue boys are a bunch of girls, 
  no way !, 
  you 're making this up !, 
  who says we have a civilization of our own ? 
  perhaps we just copied yours so now you ca n't compare cause you 'd be comparing against yourself . 
  the prices were 1.8 % higher compared to may 2012 but were 0.1 % lower compared to april 2013 , so it 's a deflation on a monthly basis . 
  the price of beer today is 189 ft while in january it was 199 ft. low inflation means your money is worth more over a longer period of time , i think it 's pretty obvious . 
  if you put your money in a bank or bonds that yield 8-10 % per year then next year you will be 6 % richer . 
  had the inflation been 5 % as usual then you would only be 3 % richer . 
  you see the protests in bulgaria because of the electricity prices , there are other countries where similar protests happened . 
  this has been avoided in hungary . 
  if you had n't noticed this year was especially shitty regarding the weather and we had to use heating well into may , so the money we saved was indeed significant ( 5000 ft/month x 5 = 25k , almost 100 euros ) . 
  i do n't know if this will have a significant change on the overall economy but it personally does benefit me . 
  ^ ( * hmm , how to say this so it does n't come out as offensive ... ? 
  * ) they 're not actually beautiful , it 's just you brits who are ugly . 
   reducing the household bills by 10 % we also had a deflation last month . 
  if you have n't noticed , the price of beer went * down * instead of the usual up . 
  this is attributed to the 10 % reduction in utilities having an effect on the whole economy ( which i think is a great idea unless you own stocks in utility companies like mtelekom that got assraped recently on the stock market ) . 
  if that means they will be sexy like the brazilians then i 'm all for it . 
  20 years ago it was the serbs that were throwing stones : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=v_azzgqnn6y&amp;t=509s, 
  but do you know what is the purpose of meaning ? 
  disregarding your chauvinistic remarks , the gas produced by romania currently does n't satisfy all the needs of romania itself ( according to your linked article ) . 
  another article i 've read deals with the possibility that perhaps romanian gas could be used , but unfortunately it was discovered that it 's not enough in quantity or quality to satisfy the needs of hungary , not even counting bulgaria . 
  and we have n't even mentioned the rest of the balkans . 
  to put in perspective what this means : at this moment most eastern european countries have only one way to get their gas and that is from russia ( thanks to glorious warsaw pact times ) . 
  because of this russia has a monopoly and can set the gas price higher , in fact eastern european countries pay more than most western european countries . 
  the nabucco pipeline , coming from azerbaijan through turkey , would 've provided an alternative to the russian pipeline and would 've reduced the prices . 
  since this now definitely is n't going to happen , it means that the countries affected ( hungary , romania , bulgaria , other balkan countries ) will remain dependent on russia for the next few decades . 
  according to the final plan , the pipeline will go through greece and italy . 
  since italy is already connected with algiers and does n't actually need another pipeline , it is most likely that the nabucco decision was a political decision . 
  russia has played the many european countries against each others so it would maintain its monopoly and has succeeded in doing it . 
   as many other languages do it 's majon\u00e9z in hungarian , 
  so you 're saying the accident i quoted above did n't happen and it 's all a masonic conspiracy against the bus company ? 
  this was the wild 2011 : http://www.nineoclock.ro/5-romanians-killed-22-injured-in-car-crash-in-hungary/ this article mentions that the driver fell asleep , however i could n't find the article written some times later when the investigation found that it was n't his fault because he was told by his boss to turn back to madrid when he arrived to bucharest . 
  the bus was 13 euros so it was worth it ( train ticket is 45 eur ) . 
  i did n't mind the people ( i 'm an immigrant too ) but the driving was crazy , after i heard about the accident i always hitchhiked or shared a ride with someone . 
  after that accident there was * another * one half a year later , the bus collided with a truck and many people died .
